 The screen arrived in a cardboard box that was pretty beat up . The screen itself is very lightweight , very cheesy looking . The `` finish '' was worn across the entire top of the screen . I knew this was n't solid brass , but I expected something that at least looked decent from a distance for the price I paid .
 Purchased this screen last week and it came with noticeable scrapes across the top . The box it came in was gigantic with plenty of packaging material , but the screen was packaged loosely at the bottom . However , since it was in another smaller box , I 'm thinking that the scraping was there to begin with , and not from shipping . Still deciding whether to go through the trouble of exchanging it since another reviewer said they had the same damage . I would n't want to risk getting another with the same damage and I really need a screen right now . Other than the damage , it 's a very nice screen .
 I ordered the cake topper June 27 , 2010 . I was given an estimated shipping date of July 1-7 , 2010 . Those dates came & went with no cake topper . I contacted the seller twice with no response . I filed a claim with Amazon . I did end up receiving a cake topper on July 16 , 2010 ; however , it 's not even the one I ordered ! The seller did refund my money , but has never contacted me or apologized for the mishap . I will never buy anything from the seller again . I looked at the seller 's feedback & I 'm not the only person they have done wrong , so buyer beware !!
 Arrived very quickly and it is a cute topper however I would n't have bought it if they did n't provide instructions !!!! I should have listened to the other reviews ... . If you are hoping to get more than the topper DO NOT BUY THIS !! So annoyed I have this Ariel and have no idea how to decorate the cake .
 Promised with this item are `` Complete Instructions '' and the additional pledge that `` Sweet Graces will email you with the Supply List and Instruction sheets on purchase - so you can be ready ahead of time ! '' I received none of this - only a plastic figurine and bracelet . To boot , Amazon claims they can do nothing to help me contact the seller . All I got was a phone number for the manufacturer . Let 's hope that yields some results . Meanwhile , I 'm wishing I had listened to previous feedback about this unreliable seller : /
 You get what you pay for . This pillow is stiff and smelled like drying paint for 4 days . I thought I was getting a non name brand version of the Temperpedic pillow . I bought the real pillow for my mother years ago and paid many times the price . This thing does n't even come close .
 This was a joke . I am sending the pillow back . Does not come close to what was advertised . I believe the cardboard box that it arrived in would have been softer under my head . I am giving it one star just so I can post this . I only wish the stars could go negative .
 The pillow is tiny and poor quality foam , my pillow I was replacing was at least a year and a half old and it preforms better than this one did new .
 How is this thing awful ? let me count the ways . . First off , it took an unatural amount of time to get here . Whatever , that happens.It feels super cheap . When you handle a good memory foam pillow , it feels heavy and cushy in your hands . This thing feels like a piece of hard styrofoam . It barely squishes at all and has no ` memory ' , it is simply a very dense foam pillow . It 's not even really a pillow - It 's so hard that I cant even use it for propping my back whilst reading.On top of that , their terrible return pollicies make it not worth returning.DO NOT BUY ! Just use the styrofoam your new computer came in.Ugh .
 It worked fine in the beginning . 2 months or so into using it its performance was up in the air . I would find myself sleeping with one hand under the pillow to give it some leverage ; otherwise my neck would end up in an awkward position . At times it felt like I needed to have 2 pillows because it was lacking in width and was too soft . I had to also rotate what end and what side I would lay my head/neck on . It , therefore , did not provide the support I needed .
 The pillow I received is nothing like the one in the picture . The pillow that I received is approx half the size -LRB- in thickness -RRB- as the one I received . I am not happy with the seller -LRB- Moshelle 's -RRB- . I will never purchase from this company ever again . I am currently deployed Military and I feel that this company is very disrespectful and does not show it 's Military members the proper courtesy when dealing with such issues . Do not buy this pillow , you will not be satisfied .
 The screen arrived in a cardboard box that was pretty beat up . The screen itself is very lightweight , very cheesy looking . The `` finish '' was worn across the entire top of the screen . I knew this was n't solid brass , but I expected something that at least looked decent from a distance for the price I paid .
 Purchased this screen last week and it came with noticeable scrapes across the top . The box it came in was gigantic with plenty of packaging material , but the screen was packaged loosely at the bottom . However , since it was in another smaller box , I 'm thinking that the scraping was there to begin with , and not from shipping . Still deciding whether to go through the trouble of exchanging it since another reviewer said they had the same damage . I would n't want to risk getting another with the same damage and I really need a screen right now . Other than the damage , it 's a very nice screen .
 We have owed these plates in white for quite some years . maybe six or more . I just replaced all of them with a set from Crate and Barrell . They are heavy and seemingly well made but they have been faulty in a a number of ways . First my biggest complaint is on the white plates everytime you happen to scrape them with silverware it leaves a permanent mark . Never wash anything stainless near them in the diawasher since it will mark it up there as well if it rubs up against them . After years of use they looked horrible with marks all over them . They also seemed to chip very easily . So between the chips and marks all over them I could n't take looking at them anymore . They also are not good in the microwave . They get very hot and the food not so much . I would not recommend for everyday use . Maybe the dark colors would show less marks but if they chip it will be very noticable . My advice is to purchase bone china or porcelain . I will never buy these again .
 Though I 've had this only about a month , it is starting to go . It puts shards of sharp plastic in the food . -LRB- From searching the net on this , I find that my experience is not unique , either . -RRB- Do NOT buy.Other better brands include Unicorn -LRB- recommended by a famous cooking magazine -RRB- , Peugeot , Firth , and William Bounds .
 This one makes too small and too fine a grind of pepper to be useful in cooking . You 'll be cranking away on this thing for ten minutes before you get enough crushed pepper to flavor anything .
 I bought this grinder because it could be operated with one hand . However I was very disappointed in the volume of pepper it puts out per squeeze . If you are looking for a good wrist strength training exerciser this is your grinder .
 We had to buy a new lunchbox for our son after 2 months -LRB- a different brand , machine-washable -RRB- because this one is way too hard to clean . I have turned it completely inside out , scrubbed between all the cracks , and still food is stuck in the seams andthreads . It is very durable , but we ca n't get rid of the smell or stains with a reasonable amount of effort .
 I really need to see a picture of ths item
 This pillow is incredibly helpful for people who have difficulty getting comfortable in bed because it affords a variety of positions to relieve painful areas . But getting in bed can require some simple gymnastic maneuvers because the pillow is so thick and cumbersome . And getting out of bed also requires some special moves , especially if you have a high mattress . Overall , not a simple process for a good nights sleep . The head area also compresses after a few nights of use and rearranging the filling is bothersome . Because it 's a considerable investment , I end up using it only occasionally .
 Its very strange that the comfort-u pillow did not go with a cover . This is the 3rd comfort-u support pillow I have , and for the first 2 plain white cover was always included in the box at the same price $ 99.5 .
 We have owed these plates in white for quite some years . maybe six or more . I just replaced all of them with a set from Crate and Barrell . They are heavy and seemingly well made but they have been faulty in a a number of ways . First my biggest complaint is on the white plates everytime you happen to scrape them with silverware it leaves a permanent mark . Never wash anything stainless near them in the diawasher since it will mark it up there as well if it rubs up against them . After years of use they looked horrible with marks all over them . They also seemed to chip very easily . So between the chips and marks all over them I could n't take looking at them anymore . They also are not good in the microwave . They get very hot and the food not so much . I would not recommend for everyday use . Maybe the dark colors would show less marks but if they chip it will be very noticable . My advice is to purchase bone china or porcelain . I will never buy these again .
 This corkscrew is poorly made , consisting of low-grade stampings and flimsy plastic molded parts assembled with tinned rivets . It feels like it 's going to come apart in your hand , and it requires considerable care to use it safely and effectively . It 's outrageously overpriced , too . An unfortunate product offering from the company that brought us the legendary original Screwpull , perhaps the handiest corkscrew ever.I did manage to pull a cork with it , though - which is why it gets even two stars .
 It 's awful . I bought it because I wanted a red corkscrew . However , the description does not state how cheaply it is made . Each time I use it I 'm afraid it 's going to break when I turn it . It 's plastic . DO NOT BUY !
 I ordered this new knife from Amazon based on the Laguiole name , prior Sabatier experience and the one review -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . What a disappointment ! One side of the blade had very visible tarnish and reddish blue spots -LRB- not sure whether rust or previously used -RRB- . It also has a very light and extremely cheap look with poor manufacture . It is made in France , but it goes to show that junk comes out from there just as easy as from China , Pakistan or anywhere else . True you get what you pay for , but this one would n't be worth even 2 bucks at a yard sale . Maybe it was a defective unit , but I did n't want to take a chance with a replacement . I never even tried to use it , and simply returned it . To Amazon 's credit , their return process was great . Just follow the online `` return '' process , print the -LRB- free/prepaid -RRB- return label , and take it to any USPS station . Amazon 's service earned the second extra star .
 Though highly attractive , I have these problems with the cups 1 -RRB- flour and sugar stick inside making it difficult to use one for both flour and sugar in the same recipe if you like to dip them into your canister . 2 -RRB- the smaller sizes especially can not sit on the counter when empty , making it difficult to fill with milk , etc. unless you hold the handle . 3 -RRB- There is no 3/4 cup size so you must use 1/2 and 1/4 and for 2/3 use the 1/3 twice . My problem with the swivel spoons are 1 -RRB- the strange rectangular shape does not empty well . There is always some ketchup , vanilla extract or baking soda in the corners . 2 -RRB- The darn things do n't separate so you have to rinse them or swivel them around -LRB- which is not easy -RRB- so particles of other things you measured do not fall in because of the residue problem mentioned in 1 -RRB- above . Get hard plastic cups like the tupperware type which include 2/3 and 3/4 cup . If you like attached measuring spoons , get rounded ones that are connected to a ring in the classic style .
 I dont advise buying this grider , it broken when i pressed it . the plastic is very fragile and dont support the pressure requered for grinding the pepper .
 We were given this product as a gift and absolutely loved them at first . They are compact -LRB- compared to many grinders -RRB- and a cute design . Unfortunately we found the first flaw a few weeks later when it came time to refill for the first time . The refill doors are tiny ! The only reasonable way to pour in salt was to use a paper funnel and the pepper was even worse having to be fed one peppercorn at a time through the tiny door.After the second refill the little doors started refusing to stay shut . Since they slide `` up '' to close with the way the mills sit on the shelf . They just fall down and constantly reopen with the help of gravity even when not used.We used these mills at most for 3 meals a week ... 2 people who are n't heavy spicers , but despite our limited use of these mills the handles broke off in under 11 months.It 's a cute product if you are ok with something that is designed to not be used beyond 2-3 refills .
 I picked these up locally to use at the table . Only used few times when a handle on the salt mill broke right off . They worked OK before breaking , but did n't have much output . They also appeared to be difficult to refill , the opening is only about 3/8 of an inch square .
 I bought this item 2 months ago because it was small and cheap . I use it daily . The grinding mechanism is already tired . Now it takes a lot of patience to actually get the desired amount of pepper/salt and it 's getting on my nerves . So I 'm browsing amazon for a real and efficient mill set.To be fair there is one thing I like in this product
 Do n't waste your money on these . They do n't grind well at all . I just bought celtic sea salts and got rid of my table salt and was very disappointed as these just do n't grind the salt or pepper . I have to go buy another set and hope they work .
 horrible set of grinders . these handles broke before i had the chance to refill them ! waste of money .
 Never satisfied with traditional mills , I bought these because they had a unique design . I liked that they stick to the fridge but have found that means I occasionally have to wipe off pepper flakes . The small , rectangular holes make funneling refills difficult and messy . About a month into light use , the pepper mill gummed up and cleaning was a real chore . After about a year of moderate use , the pepper mill just was n't grinding properly anymore . Cute but not very durable .
 hard to squeeze , hard to fill , hard to get more than a pinch of spice . there is a miniature hole to get salt and peppercorns in the units , they spill everywhere and do n't hold much so you 're always filling them . The handles are small and hard to hold . You have to squeeze them at least 30 times to get a decent amount of spice out .
 The description says you can adjust for coarseness of the salt/pepper , but there is no such knob on the mini grinders . We replaced the store bought salt with sea salt and now the grinder does n't work . Disappointing .
 Perhaps the larger model works well . This smaller magnetic set is tragic . The only upside is that if you 're working on your grip strength , these will probably help . To get a useable amount of pepper , you 'll have to squeeze 15-20 times . They feel cheap and destined for a quick trip to the trash can . Stick with a tried and true twist grinder .
 I purchased this pepper grinder at a kitchen outlet store . One of the `` rabbit ear '' handles snapped at the base after less than 1 month of use . I do n't reccomend this product .
 Looks like cute little bunnies on my fridge , but they 're just eye candy . Shakers do n't store a lot of salt or pepper . Handles are too small to comfortably hold , and it 's hard to detect any salt and pepper coming out .
 Neither the salt mill or pepper grinder work well . It takes forever to get salt and pepper from the squeezing of the handles together and still not an adequate amount . Perhaps the blades that crunch the S&P are not sharp enough ? Very disappointed in product .
 Is cheap and does its jobBut the handle feel cheap and seems like is about to break.Sometime the peper chop a big chunk off
 I was not able to see if this piece was nice or not . It broke into a million pieces on arrival . You could hear the delivery guy when he was walking to my door . VERY DISAPPOINTED because it was a gift . Returned it right away ! Buyer beware !!
 I was very excited to receive this - but when it was delivered - it was a cake dome in a box - shattered into pieces because it was not wrapped inside the box at all ! And I ordered it new ! Would not purchase again - will go to the store to buy any sort of glass product .
 Received the correct box , which was damaged as noted in item description , however , the cake dome was not the item pictured and not the item in the product description . It was a very used dome from a different manufacturer and very different style -LRB- black and handpainted -RRB- . Diasppointed as the savings for this particular item was significant when compared to a new one when I took the sellers word as in the product description aned photos .
 The Cake dome set was beautiful . I needed a 14 inch diameter plate because I was making a 12 inch cake . The lid had an 11 inch diameter so would not fit the cake . I was disappointed because when I search Amazon for the 14 inch cake plate ; there were many unrelated products choices . It was very frustrating . Amazon , please only give unasked for alternatives . I know I am going to google search my product choices to find websites that only give me what I want !
 EDIT
 The description on the website says it has an 11-inch dome , that 's why I was willing to pay the high premium for the cake stand . But when it arrived I carefully measured the dome and it was only 10-inches . You can get a 10-inch one and it cost LESS THAN HALF as much -LRB- search `` diner cake stand '' -RRB- . DO N'T FALL FOR IT !
 I ordered this cake plate and dome for my mother , shortly before Thanksgiving of 2002 . The first time it arrived , after 3 weeks , it was in about 1,000 pieces . The UPS driver realized that upon delivery and returned the item . When it was sent the second time , which was n't until around Christmas , it arrived with the handle to the dome broken off . So , long story short , no cake plate for Mom ! Amazon.com should really examine how they pack items like this .
 I ordered this item twice and both times it was broken in a million pieces and it has been discontiued by Anchor Hocking so I never got any of them . so sad as it looked really nice and different so beware if you order
 Ordered this as a wedding gift . It was shipped twice and it was broken both times . Amazon would not give the `` recipients '' credit for something else , had to go though me . Realy spoiled the gifting experience .
 These may look like brushed stainless steel but they are not . The magnet that is glued to the back of these is about 3/8 &#34; and will not hold anything heavier than a very light potholder . I tried hanging an apron on it and it fell to the bottom of the refrigerator . If you are crafty and can remove this tiny magnet and attach a larger , stronger magnet - these hooks will be useful . Otherwise , they are not worth anything . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Bought this set based on low price and good reviews . Works fine for poking logs occasionally and cleaning up when stove is cold , but while using the shovel in the fire , the black coating started bubbling , then caught fire .
 This product does its job , but not very well . All the end pieces , except the shovel , and the handles have to be attached to the rods . The poker , the main tool used , does not fit on the rod very well , and will spin loose when trying to move a log . My husband said he will weld it on so it wo n't move . Would recommend a different product , probably something that is constructed of one piece .
 I 'll start off by saying that I was n't really expecting a whole lot for $ 23 . I really just needed the basic tools for the occasional fire in the winter . Maybe I was n't paying attention to the description but assembly is required . It 's not complicated but still sort of annoying . I went to assemble it to see how it looked and then found that I was missing 3 pieces -LRB- the nuts to secure certain parts of the tools and stand -RRB- . The one that was included was thin and cheap and did n't even secure correctly or allow the pieces to fit together snugly - completely worthless.The other thing that I found a bit shocking was the size of the tools and mainly the stand . I have never seen such a short and squatty set ... it looks like it was made for Santa 's elves or something . wtf The tools themselves are a bit on the shorter side too but the stand was the most noticeable . However , I have a huge fireplace and do n't think the tools would work due to their size even if I was successful in assembling them -LRB- which was n't possible to even try since I did n't have all the pieces required -RRB- . Getting the extra pieces is n't really that big of a deal but this set is not even worth the hassle of getting those . The tools themselves are decently weighty -LRB- as they should be -RRB- but the threading for where you need to screw on the handles and the ends is shoddy and strips very easily . I 'll be returning this ASAP . Cowboy up and pay for a quality set - this one will just disappoint you .
 It does the job , yet most certainly strictly utilitarian . No frills . Not sure it will last long . Not in any manner decorative .
 I purchased these fireplace tools with great anticipation of beautiful , warming fires . The tools are cheaply made and if you do n't put them into the holder the right way they get stuck and it 's difficult to remove the handle . Do not recommend .
 It was a bit confusing to assemble . Had to redo a few times before I got the right rods with the right utensils . In the end you get what you paid for - bottom of the line product for cheap .
 This set is very small . Not happy at all . Bought it because other people gave good reviews . We have a wood burning stove . The poker is not long enough to safely move logs around .
 This is by far the cheapest made fireplace tool set we 've ever owned . It is flimsy and a 3 year old could hold it easily - by that I mean , it is so lightweight that it is actually difficult to use because it does n't have enough backbone to do the job . If I had n't already tossed the box , it would be returned . As it is , winter is almost over and as soon as we do the last fire , this item will be in the recycle bin . Very disappointed .
 When the tool set arrived it was okay . . smaller than I thought but mostly one of the tools was broken so it made the set not acceptable .
 I was expecting a bigger set so was surprised at how small it was . I should have spent more for a better set , but it will have to do for now .
 Do n't buy this ! Did n't even come with all the screws . You could build a better set with twigs . Skip it .
 We have owed these plates in white for quite some years . maybe six or more . I just replaced all of them with a set from Crate and Barrell . They are heavy and seemingly well made but they have been faulty in a a number of ways . First my biggest complaint is on the white plates everytime you happen to scrape them with silverware it leaves a permanent mark . Never wash anything stainless near them in the diawasher since it will mark it up there as well if it rubs up against them . After years of use they looked horrible with marks all over them . They also seemed to chip very easily . So between the chips and marks all over them I could n't take looking at them anymore . They also are not good in the microwave . They get very hot and the food not so much . I would not recommend for everyday use . Maybe the dark colors would show less marks but if they chip it will be very noticable . My advice is to purchase bone china or porcelain . I will never buy these again .
 Even though this is rated to hold up to 2000 lbs . I would not trust it to last very long . The nylon and ropes that this comes with are clearly very low quality . Some of the ropes even showed signs of fraying straight out of box . Can not recommend this item .
 Of the six glass mugs , I have two left , And am very careful if I use them for any kind of liquid I put in it , be it cold or hot , seams will leak , If the liquid is hot it will split the cup , Do not enjoy a hot coffee bath , As far as I am conserned its a waste of money , but it is your life . not impressed . B.Uzzell Arvada , Colordo
 I purchased our Emer from Sears almost two years ago , and it broke within a month . We sent it back to New Jersey , and it took two months to have it returned . Within a month it was broken . Now it is a pile of plastic and I do n't know what to do with it . Very disappointed in product and service .
 We bought this Emer Galilieo vacuum cleaner for about $ 400 more than one year ago . The retractable cord broke after a short time . We had to send the vacuum to NJ to get it repaired by using the warranty . After a month they sent it back with the same problem and the on-off button was broken as well ! I called the customer service and asked for refund or replacement and they were kind enough to replace the vacuum with a new one . This vacuum is very powerful , however the handle -LRB- hose -RRB- is kind of heavy and the hose twists frequently and makes it difficult to use . By considering its high price , I guess there should be much better choices than this one if you are looking for a powerful canister vacuum cleaner .
 It was a great mattress topper while it lasted . However , in less than five years of ownership I noticed the topper lost a considerable amount of firmness . It became too soft to sleep on except for the edges and I found myself waking up less refreshed . It 's like trying to sleep on a ` V ' shaped mattress.I contacted the manufacturer , Foamex , twice via email but they never responded . Finally I called and was told they wo n't service the mattress ; redirecting me back to the seller who has since gone out of business . I have no experience with this seller , however I would suggest anyone considering purchasing a Sensus brand viscoelastic mattress or topper be aware that you will likely have problems before the ten-year warranty has expired . Plus , even if you find a seller who does n't turn a warranty claim into a hassle , you will find they are rather expensive to repackage and ship . I will not purchase another Sensus or Reflex brand product .
 I bought this product in May 2011 from another vendor -LRB- Sleep Warehouse -RRB- based on a lower price . So I ca n't comment on Best Beds as a merchant . But what I have to say about the Sensus 5 pound/3 '' deep queen-sized mattress topper is worth considering , regardless of where you might buy it .1 . I bought the Sensus to help with `` pressure points '' discomfort from side-sleeping on a very good , firm mattress . To my surprise , the foam topper , while helpful , did not eliminate the pressure point problem . I naively assumed that putting a soft layer on top of a firm mattress would improve my sleeping experience , but unfortunately it did not completely address pain in shoulders/hips from side sleeping .2 . The product caused other problems I did not anticipate . Within a few days of starting to use the Sensus , I began having aches in my lower and middle back . Before using Sensus , I had never experienced routine lower and mid back problems from my sleeping arrangements . As you consider whether to buy Sensus , think about whether it could actually cause pain in parts of your body that are not problematic right now . For me this was the deal breaker .3 . I think Sensus caused my lower/mid back problems because it is too soft . This is ironic , since many reviews rave about 5 pound density being the best and firmest choice . But it really is n't firm , which is kind of the point because the big selling point is that it will alleviate pressure point problems . 5 pound density may be `` firm '' relative to cheaper , lower density foam , but it is not truly `` firm '' . So you 've got this foam layer which is soft , but not `` too '' soft -- it is firm enough that you can still have pressure point issues , while being soft enough to cause lower and middle back pain . Everyone is different , but if you buy Sensus you 're gambling that its softness level will relieve pressure points while not causing other back problems . Do n't assume you will achieve this optimal result.Perhaps if I 'd bought a 2 inch thickness the softness of the foam would have blended optimally with the firmness of my mattress to alleviate pressure point issues while not creating lower/mid-back problems . But I 'll never know ... 4 . The Sensus is very fragile and very unwieldy . It is extremely easy to damage it , especially in the unpacking process . You have to pry apart the foam -- it sticks pretty tightly to itself and the prying apart process is time consuming and quite tricky.The fragility of Sensus is ideal for merchants because if you want to return the product -LRB- as I do -RRB- any damage will prevent you from persuading the merchant to take it back . The 5 pound density , 3 '' deep topper weighs about 50 pounds in queen size , so getting it out of the package , unpeeling it into a flat rectangle , coaxing it into a fabric encasement and then getting it atop your bed is quite a job . And then if you decide to return it , the whole process has to be gone through in reverse ... and you can only return it if all of this labor proceeds with no damage taking place with the topper.I assure you that it is virtually impossible to unpack , unfold , encase , install , de-install , de-encase , re-fold and re-pack this topper without some damage occurring . Therefore it is very unlikely you 'll be able to return this Sensus product , so do think very carefully before buying it . Despite my best efforts , mine has several divots on the edges and some dirt in one spot where the packaging opened up en route to my house , so it is probably a total loss . With the cover that 's $ 409 down the drain . I might try Cragislist , or I might just send it off to a charity . Or I might just chop it into little bits and landfill it . Not sure yet what I 'll do with this thing now that I 'm done with it in just 3 weeks ... 5 . Sensus has an odor . Many people write about odors emanating from various mattress toppers , and the stories are quite true . I aired my Sensus out on the floor for 4 days before installing it , and even now some 3 weeks later it is still smelly . The odor is more musty than chemical -- think mildewed linens smell more than new shower curtain smell . I am unsure whether the mildewy smell is because of how the topper was warehoused before shipment or is inherent to this type of foam ... for me it is not a huge issue , but for those who really dislike odors in their sleeping products it needs to be considered .6 . When you see photos of a hand print in `` memory '' foam with the hand hovering over the print it has just etched in the foam , do not take those photos at face value . The photos imply the `` memory '' foam has a pronounced tendency to hold whatever form is pressed into it for an extended time period . But no ... I tested this Sensus topper -- stuck my hand deep in the foam , held it there for 30 seconds with consistent pressure , and then quickly withdrew my hand . It takes less than 4 seconds for any trace of my hand imprint to vanish . The photos imply something much longer , and it just ai n't so . With standard high density foam you get no `` memory '' and with this expensive stuff you get a 3.5 second `` memory '' . Standard foam costs far , far less than this stuff , so is it worth hundreds of dollars for 3.5 seconds of `` memory '' ?
 While I like the looks of this set a lot , with its retro feel , I find the shaker to be in need of a design overhaul . Every time this is used -LRB- and it 's been used by several people so I do n't think it 's a user problem -RRB- it spills while pouring ! This has been very frustrating to lose good top shelf vodka because of poor design . I had to go out and purchase another shaker because of this problem so I would not recommend this set .
 The set is cute to look at , but as far as actually using , it is terrible . The glasses are fine , but the shaker is so hard to use , I actually took a chunk out of my finger trying to get it open to refill it ! I 've never used it again .
 I searched Amazon for `` shower curtain rod , nickel '' and this product is returned in the results . From the image , it looks just like other shower curtain rods sold on Amazon ; however , this rod is only about 1/2 inch in diameter and will not work as a shower curtain rod . Do n't be fooled like I was .
 The picture seems to show a somewhat robust rod , but what you get is a very thin -LRB- 1/2 '' -RRB- rod . When exteneded to near its mazimum length it becomes very flimsy and will barely hold my small shower curtain without bowing in the middle . I would have expected a little better for the price and the intended use . But , it works and it 's black .
 This rod was too flimsy in my stall shower to stay up more than 10 minutes with a curtain . We put it up at least four times and it fell down . I returned it . Color was nice , it was extremely thin .
 The pieces that attach to the shower wall are very small . Because of this , the rod never stays in place !!
 Nice , item for the price , but not good for shower curtain use ; not enough tension force . Best for light curtains in small windows .
 This rod is way to small for use with a shower curtain . I have no idea why it even comes up in the search . It may work for a simple curtain , but I doubt it .
 This curtain rod looks nice , but can barely hold any weight . It will only work with sheers .
 This item does not look like the photo . It is very thin -LRB- .5 '' or so -RRB- and the round decorative end part is very small -LRB- about 1.5 '' diameter -RRB- . There is a piece of white plastic that shows at the end of the rod that is not in the photo . It does not look well made - I would have preferred one of the plain white ones that you can buy anywhere - they look heavy duty next to this one . I have had an Amazon account for 10 years or so , and I have never before returned an item . This will be my first time .
 Umbra Coretto 24 to 36-Inch Decorative Tension Rod , BlackThe rod is really good looking . However , because it is so thin , the weight of my shower curtain keeps causing the rod to come loose . If I had any idea , I probably would not have bought the rod . However , my shower is at the wider end ... so maybe a person would have better luck if their shower is closer to 24 '' .
 The price is right and these mugs have a great shape for easy handling . I wish I could say buy these , But ... the rims chip very easily . Someone else stated this in their review should of followed their advice .
 I contacted Anchor Hocking and they said that they do not recommend liquids over 160 F degrees to be placed in these mugs . Other reviews seem to imply that people do put boiling liquids in the mugs , but the company does not seem to sanction this use.I have had glass mugs crack on me before because I was not as careful as I should have been in reading the advertised claims , so I am now very carefull . I passed on this product , although they certainly do look beautiful .
 I 've had 6 of them for 1 month and one of them got lips chiped out already . -LRB- which one of the reviewer already commented that it happens often with these mug -RRB- . It was sadly tossed out and now I 'm worried they will eventually all dissapear out of my kitchen.Keep them apart from each other when you wash them . The slightest touch will chip it out unexpectedly.BTW
 I like the size and style of these mugs , they go with anything and look like they 'll last a long time . -- EDITED REVIEW -- Long term ? not very durable . All but one have broken .
 Ordered on September 24 , 2005 -- delivery now estimated by Amazon `` sometime '' after December 24 , 2005 . Three months -LRB- or more -RRB- for delivery seems excessive . Amazon should be ashamed for treating customers this way .
 I first saw this ad before Christmas , and decided to check back later . I have checked 7 times since then and the glasses are never in stock , but I should `` Get in line '' ? I do n't shop at Amazon in order to be `` in line '' for 2 months.Does this stuff exist or is simply a method to get you `` on the line '' ?
 My step-daughter got a set of glasses , and 3 family members cut themselves because they broke as they were washing them . I thought I 'd replace her -LSB- poorly made -RSB- and dangerous ones with these , due to what I thought of as the quality name brand Anchor Hocking . She already got a different set of glasses , so I kept them for myself . One was broken in the box when I opened them up . I thought no big deal . I started using them , and within a month , of the 16 total , I am down to only one large one and four small ones . I also have 2 less butterfly stitches and 6 less bandaids in my cabinet . My daughter informed me that these were the EXACT glasses she experienced the same problems with . I am sorry to discover that Anchor Hocking is no longer going to be associated with quality , as it used to be in the past .
 This flatware set is very pretty , but made very cheap . After several months of use , the ends became loose and several of them actually fell out . A complete and total waste of money .
 I bought 10 place settings of these dishes because I like the style . However , after owning them for less than a year several of the dinner plates , salad plates , bowls and mugs have chips on the rim . They look terrible because when the graphite color is chipped it is very noticeable since the stoneware underneath is white . I am not hard on dishes and load them into the dishwasher myself . I owned my previous set of Dansk dishes from nearly 11 years and replaced them only to update the style . I contacted the company with my complaint but they simply said the chips are from banging them against another hard surface ... not true . Dishes at this price point should be of high enough quality to withstand being washed in a dishwasher . As I said , I am the only one who handles them . I am embarrased to use these dishes and disappointed in Noritakes response .
 I fell in love with these great dishes but I am dissapointed that they need to be replaced within a few years . They were our wedding set and I wish they did n't look awful . We only use them for family meals and use my husband 's everyday Johnson Bros. dishes that are 50 years old ! They look great . Too Bad the quality is n't like it used to be ... unless we just got a `` bad batch '' although they were purchased from different stores where we registered ... Nice to set the table with but will scratch unless your family uses plastic tableware . We do n't .
 I ordered a 16 piece place setting , service for 4 but only recieved a 4 piece place setting , service for 1 . I contacted Amazon and they arranged to have the order corrected and arrange for return for the incorrect order . Once to corrected shipment arrived again it was a service for only 1 . I was charged for a service for 4 . This was eventually credited back to me however since I only had 2 place settings , I purchased 2 others locally at Younker 's department store . The dishes that came with from Amazon are different than the ones from Younker 's . It is like the molds were different or something ... the plates are deeper from Amazon and as a result the set does not stack properly . I am not certain if this inventory issue has been resolved with Amazon so buyer beware .
 I was disappointed with the shipping delay of the cooking company . They said they would reimburse the shipping charges but to this date they have not . The product was shipped beyond the date which they said they would ship it , and this was an unusual amount of time .
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 There are plenty of tension rods out there . The _ only _ advantage of the Umbra rods is that they look better . -LRB- Why other manufacturers have n't figured out the design part is anybody 's guess . -RRB- The problem with the Umbra rods -- all of them -- is NO tension . I have tried these repeatedly ... . Why ? Because my local hardware store carries them , and they are readily available elsewhere , and I have opted for form over function . Every single Umbra rod I have used fails drastically . They simply can not bear any weight . Or , to put it differently , they can not exert enough force against the surfaces they extend out to for them to bear any load . Worse , the springs that are the key element in sustaining the tension tend to fail . When those springs fail , anything you have suspended by the rod will come down . If it 's a lightweight drapery panel , you may be in luck . Otherwise , forget about it .
 As other reviewers have stated , these curtain rods will not sustain much weight at all . They really are n't spring rods - you just twist it into place.I ordered 3 and they were so poorly packed that two of them were bent and completely unusable.I would n't bother with these , or buy them from Country Curtains because you can get an anchor so that they can hold more weight and be more stable . Of course , their $ 30 each instead of $ 19 !!!!
 I ordered three rods -LRB- all black -RRB- of various sizes and received free shipping . When the order was received , one of the rods was in pewter . They agreed to send a return shipping label for the incorrect item , but I would have to pay shipping on one rod .
 When we redecorated/upgraded our kitchen 3 years ago , I carefully researched new dinnerware for our `` every day '' table . I loved the color -LRB- plum -RRB- of these and bought them . We have no small children or those who mishandle dishes , either in serving or washing . Yet these dishes chipped at an alarming rate ! I have replaced several pieces , but they just continue to chip and they look horrible with a bright white chipped spot in the middle of the beautiful purple bowl or plate . Even those that are not chipped , have strange marks and fading on the glaze.I can not , with integrity , recommend these pottery pieces , as they are low fire , almost `` plaster of paris '' inside , to anyone because if they are like mine have been , they will be chipped in very short order -- even with careful handling.Since there was no butter dish to match these plates and bowls , I purchased a `` Fiesta ware '' purple one , and it is still beautiful with no chipping or signs of wear such as the glaze fading . I will be replacing the Waechtersbach with it as I feel that I have given the Waechtersbach more than generous `` try . `` I am genuinely surprised that no one else has mentioned this fate to their own plates and dishes . My fine china is MUCH sturdier than these pieces have been .
 I used this cutting board in my sewing class and loved it . No odor at all from the one in class.I got my mat and it smelled as though I had hit a skunk . My husband made me put it on the back porch . Then I learned that a friend of mine had one for 8 months and hers still stinks . Her husband wo n't let her use it inside . I went online and read that others had found the same odor problem from these Olfa mats . Some said that the smell diminished after a few weeks but others said it has never stopped stinking.I e-mailed the Olfa distributor to ask if the company has other suggestions . I may just have to send it back.Great cutting mat if you do n't mind a strong toxic smell .
 Big waste of money ! After washing noticed 1 pillow case was a different shade and so wrinkled no matter what I 've tried . Stuck with it since I washed and ca n't find packaging .
 I ordered this clock . The first one sent to me did not work at all . The replacement worked until 4:40 and stopped . Every time I would reset it , it would tick until 4:40 and then stop . I can not recommend this at all . It 's too bad because the dinosaur matched my sons room theme really well .
 Based on the reviews I saw , I assumed that is would be perfect for keeping my blinds clean . That was not the case at all . It does not clean the dirt off your blinds the way you would think . I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 I did not like this item or how it worked . I guess it just is n't whatI wanted . It did not work like I thought it would . Attachment would notfit snuggly into vacuum hose . Was hard to insert between blinds and did notclean as well as I wanted . They were really dirty but I ended up using anotherproduct .
 This is one very attractive coffee canister with just one problem . If you 're chosing this because you no longer want your food and beverages exposed to plastic , you might want to stay away from this one . The inside area is made entirely of black plastic . However , if plastic is n't an issue for you , this could be your baby.I am disappointed that amazon 's normally satisfactory product description process did n't work here . This listing misrepresents the item by failing to mention the non-stainless interior which is a significant fact to many consumers . I returned my canister with my explanation that the quality was not as represented . I do n't believe that they should charge their customers for any shipping or restock fees when they do n't describe items honestly . Amazon rocks but this listing needs help !
 Hard to tell from the picture what size this is . I thought it was much larger . It would not hold much more than a 1/2 pound of coffee . Too much space is wasted for the filter holder section .
 It does n't work , at least not for me . I was really looking forward to receiving this canister . Talk about `` killing two birds with one stone . '' I bought this to hold fresh coffee beans , and was also delighted with the feature of housing the filters in the same container . The problem is that the canister is almost impossible to comfortably open . I think my hands are normal in size for a woman , but I ca n't fit my hand around the canister to hold it in order to open the top with the other hand . The `` handle '' on the top is slippery -LRB- as is the stainless steel body -RRB- , and too short to get a grip on it . It does n't screw off , but pulls off and since it 's airtight this is almost impossible . My fingers kept sliding off ----- notice I said fingers and not hand . Handle too small and short for my whole hand . This could have been solved if only they had made a hole in the handle large enough to either insert a hand or at least a few fingers.No , afraid they 'd better go back to the drawing board on this one . Loved the idea , but did n't like the finished product .
 Bought this for a gift and was wondering how it would fit coffee grounds and have room for the filters . I thought maybe the filters were under the lid . Well , it must be only for coffee beans and only a small amount . The filter holder takes up one side of the container and it 's not for the kind of rippled filters that we use . It holds ones that are flat . The person we bought it for ended up using it without the lid for a utensil holder .
 Costs much less at Target but I wo n't buy it because of bad reviews on Amazon . Will buy a bigger canister when I find the right one .
 I purchase a Protect-A-Bed mattress cover at a mattress store , salesman said to wash it twice prior to use . He did not say to dry it with towels and sheets . Its supposed to be waterproof , one of our cats proved its not , contacted company , they asked if dried on medium with towels and other bedding , I said no , no one told me and not anywhere on package does it state needs to be protected in the dryer . Company sent another cover , this time on low setting which is mostly air fluff with towels and other sheets and it was scorched in 3 places . Both were scorched on medium and low heat , dryer is electric which is not as hot as gas . I 'm getting my $ 90 back that I was charged at a mattress company . Not worth the money if you ca n't dry it because it has cheap plastic backing .
 Unable to use . Compartments too tiny and too deep to reach in to get earrings - and I do n't have unusually large fingers .
 I could really use this Item but I wo n't order it if I can not order the color that I want ; guess I 'll have to look elsewhere ... sorry , this company seems to be losing a lot of sales with the ` let us choose for you ' policy .
 It 's simple . If I do n't get to choose the color I want , I do n't buy it . Is this company run by idiots ??
 I too was ready to buy this product , but will not do it if I ca n't get the color I choose . I guess this company does n't want to put their customers first !
 I was ready to buy this , but then saw that I might not get the color I want . No way !
 Like the others , I will not buy this item unless I can chose the color . Of course the color matters . The company must not understand that customers like choices .
 I want a specific color , not a random one . Thanks to the reviews , I wo n't be buying this one either !
 I find it very frustrating not to be able to choose my own color ! If this practice was changed , I might order this product !
 I want to buy this product , but I want it in Black ... Why should I allow you to choose the color when I 'm paying .
 Ok ... ditto to all the other comments . I have searched all over for days for a blue jewelry earring / ring box for my 87 yr . old mom for Christmas . I am set to order it , then see you ca n't choose a color . What a big waste of my time and effort . This was just what I was looking for and no color choice . How dumb is that !
 I 'm glad I read the reviews ! I agree , if I ca n't choose my color I do n't want to order . There is another box , very similar -LRB- does n't lock -RRB- where I can choose my color . That one I will order . Thanks for all YOUR reviews !
 Why would someone pay for what they can not have ? Let the customer choose the color of the product they want to purchase !
 I wanted very much to get a blue one for my grand-daughter , but was afraid I 'd end up with black . So ... a lost sale for this company . Sorry !
 I believe the pet groomer would be better if it were smaller as it is difficult to hold . The pin brush head bristles are too hard . The large head makes the suction too strong for my dogs comfort . -LRB- I have 8 dogs from 10 # to 90 # -RRB-
 ON/OFF button extremely hard to work , maybe broke . Numbers on temp dial very hard to read . Once you get it going , it works OK .
 this DeLonghi DFH550R heater is an extremely poor product and the customer service is non-existent , does n't have a physical address or phone number and never gives their names ... buyer beware ... read their absolutely ridiculous return policy before buying ... if you open any package they wo n't take it back ... if you write a truthful negative feedback , they 'll be after you like '' ticks on a hound '' !!!
 I bought this to keep the inside of my RV from freezing up during the week -LRB- we use it on weekends -RRB- . After a power-outage of about 30 minutes , the unit failed to come back on so everything froze up . Since we are prone to brief outages , this was not acceptable . I replaced the Delonghi with a $ 20 space-heater and have not had another problem .
 I bought these at Target too . Yes , they are very big and take up a big space in the cupboard . The handles are terrible because there is n't really a handle on them . Yes , the rubber footing keeps them in place - when you can keep the rubber gasket to stay on . But if you want to hang on to the bowl like to mix up a pie crust , I have other bowls with a great big handle that 's so much easier to grab and hand on to while working the dough . And if you want to use a hand mixer with 2 beaters in these bowls , forget it , they 're too curved at the bottom . My other set of mixing bowls have a flatter bottom so I can use the hand mixer . There 's just too much wrong with these bowls to get much use out of them .
 I bought these . After two uses -LRB- the first being a french vanilla cake , and the second fudge brownies -RRB- , they stained from the brownie batter and will not come clean . I figured these would be better quality , since they ARE kitchen aid .
 I had these bowls on my wedding registry and my sister in law ordered them for me . The first time they came , they were all broken and cracked . We thought it was probably during shipping that it happened so we sent away for a replacement . The second set came , and two were in tact , the other one had a crack down the side . I just let it go and continued to use them ... well ... 4 months later , they were stained , they ALL had cracks in them , down the sides , on the bottom -LRB- which means that anytime I put liquid in them they leak -RRB- . They are practically falling apart after 4 months of use . KitchenAid can do better than this ... I was very dissappointed !
 I have had these for a little over a year now . The edges are starting to chip off , and they have been stained a little . They are ok , but not wonderful . I feel like for a Kitchen Aid product , they should be much better .
 the kit doesnt even fit the heater outlet vent on the 75K btu model . half the parts you wont need , just go to a hardware store & buy the ones you need for half the price .
 This fan heater can oscillate , which is controlled by the foot switch -LRB- i.e. , the foot switch does n't turn the heater on or off -RRB- . You can tilt the heater , too , but not by much . Overall , the heater feels cheaply made and soemtimes it does n't work ; I have to unplug and replug it to make it go again.The markings for the two knobs -LRB- left for power/fan level , right for thermostat -RRB- are * very * hard to see ; they are almost non-existent . This is a very stupid design decision.I would n't buy this heater again despite its low price and good safety features .
 The Pros
 I bought this heater and it did n't even work on arrival . The pilot light came on , but nothing else . What a waste of time and money .
 Not only is the heat -LRB- btu -RRB- rating false , -LRB- in my oppinion -RRB- , but to me it doesnt put out heat at all -LRB- relivently speeking -RRB- the tip over feature has prevented the unit from opperating several times in the 3 hours since i recieved it . . furthermore . . i will never purchace a heater made of plastic . . think about it . . plastic melts and metal doesnt -LRB- at the advertised tempurature -RRB- the fan speed i would equate to a gentle breeze if that . the heat output is far , far , below what i would have expected based on the advertisement . . basically in my oppinion this product is worthless to purchase unless you are trying to heat a refrogerator box sized space 5 degrese in a 70 degree enviroment . . look elsewhere for your heating needs .
 We purchased six of these heaters in February 2006 , and by November 2006 only one was still working . One was DOA , two died within one week of arrival , and the other two died over the next seven months . We live in Southern California so these heaters were rarely used so its not like they wore out . Repeated calls to DeLonghi customer service went unanswered , and the local service company they refer to in their service manual is no longer in business . We are very disappointed with the heaters and DeLonghi and would not buy one from them again .
 This heater was used in a playroom in the basement . I loved the wheels because I could easily put it away when the kids were in the room . But the smell of oil was so strong I decided to return it . I called DeLonghi customer service and they told me any oil filled heater will smell like oil - especially when in the MAX setting .
 Had this for 3 years . It is n't much to look at , does n't heat as strong as Delonghi TRD0715T i own . But worst of all it started to leek on the second year . . . Not recommended . .
 This product is useful , I guess , if you have a very small enclosed area to heat , as it gives off only a very modest amount of heat even when set as high as it goes . It is not , as advertised , cheap to run . In fact it cost me as much as the gas bill for my entire apartment without reducing that gas bill more than a couple of dollars . It is made on the cheap . The plug does n't even have a ground pole . I inadvertently bumped into it one day causing it to pull against the wall plug and fried both the wall plug and the heater 's plug . I have n't used either since . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this product . I suggest you save yours .
 The description said usually ships in 1-2 business days , well it 's been 1 month and I have another month to go until I recieve this item . Do n't believe the descriptions ! I ordered this 3 weeks ago now the delivery estimate is the end of November . If you are cold and need this item this year do n't buy it from Amazon . It probably wo n't arrive until February ! It 's going to take 2 months for delivery ! Just a warning !
 I 've had one house guest and one nanny place this kettle on my gas stove believing it 's a standard kettle . The first time , I wrote Cuisinart a letter , and they graciously sent me a new kettle . Great customer service . The second time , I 'm going with a less confusing design , the Capresso glass electric kettle for a couple extra bucks . It 's not worth burning my house down ; -RRB- . This design looks just like Cusinart 's other standard kettles . So if you have elderly parents , or people what are not familiar with recent developments in water boiling , you might want to consider a less confusing design . -LRB- p.s. the plastic base melts in seconds if it comes in contact with a heat source -RRB- .
 I bought one in July and it was broken yesterday after three months of use .
 Although these sheets are pretty and warm , their size and fit are horrible . The fitted bottom sheet is far too long plus the elastic around the corners is not tight enough to keep the sheet on the mattress -LRB- which tends to come off through the night -RRB- . And the flat sheet is barely wide enough . I would not buy these again .
 Poor quality fabric , not soft like flannel should be . But was only $ 9 and it 's for my guest bed , so I guess it 's OK .
 I was extremely disappointed with the fabric and color when it came . It is obvious that it is of poor quality but I guess you get what you paid for 10 bucks.The zipper of the plastic cover of one set was broken.I bought 2 queen sheets and I wanted to return both purchases if only I did not have to pay for shipping.Do not buy this !!!! You will regret it .
 I did not like the product , but i got it really cheap . This is not a quality product , avoid at higher prices
 I had high hopes for these sheets even though I got them at a bargain price . They do n't have elastic all around , which is a problem with flannels resulting in sheets riding up on the sides . They are also inexpensively made with MANY loose threads and potential for unraveling . They are thin as flannels go . All in all , try to find a better quality sheet ... . it 's well worth it !!
 I bought 3 sheet sets , I have noticed on the two queen size sheets that the stitching that holds the elastic in has come apart in several places and the elastic is now falling out . I have only washed these sets two times . I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 That is all I can say - you get what you pay for is clearly underrated - you buy sheets for under 10 dollars - what on earth was I thinking - well , I got paper thin sheets that I hope make it thru the first washing - will use them as emergency sheets for guests that want a place to crash - will provide toilet seat cover-like protection against the mattress and who knows what it will feel like next to the skin !! Warning - Caveat Emptor !
 These sheets look as pictured . Following directions to wash prior to using , the flat sheet shrunk to 72 '' wide ; it is now twin size . Because of the deep pockets in the fitted sheet , it still fits a double bed . They are usable , but barely.Also , since the weight is given in metric , `` heavyweight '' is a misnomer .
 I ordered these sheets hoping for that comfy flannel sheet I remembered from the old days . Snuggling under the covers in the Fall and Winter , cosseted by soft sheets . Perhaps , I was too optimistic , given the price.These sheets seem to be fairly good quality , but they do n't have that fuzzy softness of flannel . There 's really not much nap . They are made of a low thread count sort of jersey fabric . The patterns are good , and they come packaged nicely , but in an era where high thread count sheets are available affordably , these sheets are a disappointment.If you like jersey-type sheets , and you are n't too concerned about the softness right out of the package or the thread count , these could be just right for you . And you ca n't beat the price .
 The pillow case seam tore wide open after initial washing -LRB- before I even used the set ! -RRB- . I stitched back up and the rest of the set seems fine . Could just be an anomoly , but beware . But then again , they were only $ 20 .
 I do n't know if I 'm the only one that experienced this problem but I ordered the BLUE FLORAL Paisley set and got some ugly checkered blue design . Looks like a little kids room sheet . I emailed Amazon and they resend another sheet set that looks EXACTLY the same as the wrong one I received before ! I 'm giving the item poor ratings because Amazon gives you something that 's not even shown on the screen -LRB- nor in any of the other options that are even sold out -RRB- . I 'm not even sure what they 're shipping out , but it 's not what 's described on the page . If you have this problem , please email Amazon , so I 'm not the only one with this complaint . Thanks .
 The fit of the fitted sheet is LOUSY - the first night we had it on the mattress , it came off . I guess Amazon sold them cheap to get rid of them.DO NOT BUY THESE !!
 After 1st wash , even before 1st use . It became unusable
 got a different pattern and the dye fades on everything even me , even after 5 washings do nor waist your money
 Dollar store quality . Lovely dark pattern , but it is printed on thin white flannel , not over-printed on blue yarn-dyed fabric , and the stitching on these fairly dark sheets is white .
 The hems on the flat sheet became unraveled after the very first wash , not just in a few places , but the full length on both sides ! However the fabric is soft to the touch and the price was insanely low , so I gave it a courtesy second star .
 These sheets looked pretty until they fell apart the first time I washed them . How does a sheet fall apart ? Well , in this case the raw edges were left exposed in several areas when the hems were put in . The exposed fabric , which is loosely woven to start with , simply unraveled . If you must get these sheets , I suggest you have your sewing machine ready to re-sew all seams and hems before using or washing them .
 Even at the incredible Friday sale price of $ 4.99 , I would not recommend these flannel sheets for purchase because of the very poor sewing workmanship . The stitches were very large , and also some of the edges were simply turned over once and sewn with a raw -LRB- easy to unravel -RRB- edge . The sheet would not hold up well after the first washing . I resewed all the edges of both sheets .
 second hand quality . i have ordered this before from sleep warehouse . now their memory foam seems to be second hand quality . i recommend trying another site that has true grade quality . do n't let the low price fool you , like i did . when i press my hand in the foam , it comes back to shape in 2 seconds . the foam i got 2 years ago , same brand , it would take 5 seconds to come back to shape . that was great foam . try someone else
 We received our comforter , and it was not the dimensions advertised . We contacted the seller -LRB- Egyptian Cotton Factory Outlet Store -RRB- and the claimed manufacturer -LRB- Warm Things -RRB- . The manufacturer responded quickly to tell us that this seller does not have access to their products . The seller has copied the language from the manufacturer 's website and is selling fraudulent products in their name . If you care about the quality or dimensions of the comforter you 're buying , do n't buy from them .
 The most uncomfortable , overpriced piece of foam on the market . Also beware that there is a 10 day return policy on this piece of junk .
 This lunch box was actually too small and too flimsy to be used as such . My grandson puts Disney miniature cars in it , instead . Once he filled it up , the latch would barely stay closed in order to hold the contents . Basically , it 's a cheap piece of metal with Disney Cars painted on it to justify its price .
 The poster I received is okay - it 's the one with `` Planet Earth '' written in italics along the bottom , instead of EARTH - but I really would have preferred the one I chose to spend money on , especially since you can buy the one I mistakenly got for .83 instead of $ 5ish . However , the shipping was fast and the poster was spotless .
 They sent a similar but incorrect poster , that is only about half as cool . It was missing the NASA sign in the upper left corner as well as the Earth Solar System lettering . Instead there was the words planet Earth written in Italics and a number of fake stars added to the background . The picture of Earth was the same , but the rest of this poster just does n't compare to what is shown here .
 cheap , light weight , quite flexible , does n't hold a sharp edge very well - but what do you expect from a cheap knife ? I bought it because I liked the shape!Use it , abuse it then throw it away or sell at your next `` I 'll never do it again '' garage sale .
 wish it had ac cord , batteries on high only last a few hours no good for my purpose , wo n't go overnight ... good for a few hours outdoors ... Wenzel LED Fan Light
 Wenzel is a good name , so I bought this fan based on their reputation ! This fan is hurting their reputation , what a waste of plastic !! I agree with the other reviewer , you 'll do better by fanning yourself .
 Pros
 I ordered this fan for a recent camping trip , and never got to use the fan . I had it set up at the foot of my inflatable mattress , and one of my kids tipped it over accidentally . The fan detached from it 's base , and I was n't going to perform surgery on it during my vacation . The light on it is pretty bright , and we did use it throughout the trip . I 'm sure there are much better , more durable fans out there .
 This fan is a colossal waste of money - it 's not worth the shipping cost , much less the purchase price . When the tent got hot , the poor performance of this fan was a real disappointment .
 I ordered two of these fan/lights . I wanted them for the fan.With the first one , the light would n't turn off . I had to remove the batteries when not using the fan . With the second one , the batteries only lasted two-and-a-half hours . Six batteries should have lasted longer .
 I ca n't recommend this fan simply because the output is so weak it does n't actually get any thing done . Well if i had to say some thing nice about it that would be it has a nice LED light in there . So in conclusion do n't waste your money on this product get a better reviewed one instead .
 I always rely on Amazon customer reviews - this is the first time I have been so completely disappointed . I had to hold the fan 10 inches from my face before I felt any circulating air , and that was with the fan on High . Due to the size and shape of the fan blades , no air comes out of the center of the fan ; what little breeze there is comes out in a small stream on the sides of the fan . I wo n't comment on the light , since I was n't interested it that option . Just got it , and I am sending it right back .
 If I could give this a negative rating I would . I guess I was unlucky . Installed batteries , light would NOT shut off . I figured I would just `` break '' the lights since I only needed the fan . Well before I could do that , the fan went out .
 This fan is junk ! The high speed did n't work to start , the lights do n't shut off completly , which drains the battery , now it does n't work at all ! This is all only after 1 day of use !
 I fell in love with the print on a set of 250 thread count Tommy Hilfiger sheets , so I bought two sets of twin size at $ 15.99 for each sheet . I also bought two packages of pillow cases , the comforter , two shams and a valance to match . What a big mistake . It was a total waste of money and I will never buy anything from Tommy Hilfiger again . The seams on the sheets -LRB- BOTH top and bottom -RRB- started unravelling after only THREE washes . The elastic on the bottom sheet came unsewn . I took the second set of sheets out thinking maybe it was just a freak thing that I got two bad sheets . The same thing happened with the second set . Also , the quilting on the comforter came completely unravelled after a couple weeks . The fabric of the sheets faded SO fast and they looked like I had had them for years . I will * never * spend my hard earned money on the Tommy Hilfiger brand name again . They are expensive to buy but are very cheaply made and fall apart right away . What a waste .
 Just throw them away after 12 hours ? I assume these are plastic . So , folks after 12 hours they are obsolete , and throw them out to create more useless landfill trash that will last 10 millenia ! Yay , hooray !
 I bought 5 of theese for 20.00 dollars . I turned all of them on at 10:10 p.m. . At exactly 10:11 p.m. they shut off and would n't turn back on . They had lost all of their battery and I was forced to throw them away because what is the use of a BROKEN litecube . They JUST HAVE TO make a charger for these . They were cool until they went out .
 my rice cooker of 10 years just crapped out and i read bunch of reviews and that really did n't help me . since this got so many reviews and most of them good i ordered it and the price is right . well , it makes rice but if you eat rice every day but do n't want to make it every day then this rice cooker is n't for you . the steamer plug thing kicks back tons of water back into the pot so you get this really really wet spot . then there is this hot spot so it starts to burn and the bottom starts to get really crispy a couple of hours into the warm position . then after about 12 hours it starts to get this wet rag smell . gross !!
 Too Expensive . 5 - 1/2 cups are not true , you can barely make 3.5 cups . Every time you cook , you need to clean outlet also , that sucks . I do n't recommend this product . You can do better with 1/3 rd of money what you spend on this product .
 I really liked this cooker until I tried to clean it . My old rice cooker had a separate lid and I never noticed this difference in my research . This one is fixed on . I wish I had read the review that said the same thing I am now saying and took note . It 's impossible to clean around all the gaskets and time consuming to try . Major design flaw . Other than that , it does make great rice .
 After a cheap rice cooker I had for years died , I thought I would upgrade and get this one . I wish I had heeded some of the reviews I saw on here . First of all , it is difficult to read the water level lines on the inside of the pot . I am young and thought it could n't be that bad . It is . I have to hold the pot directly under a light to see the markings at all . Also , I often find that my rice is not cooked through when the cooker indicates it is finished . The final straw for me is that it is pretty cumbersome to clean . If it made perfect rice , the cleanup would n't be an issue , but I 'm not sure that the rice in this cooker has ever turned out as good as the cheap one I used to have that I picked up at Target . I am now going back to a cheaper model - do n't want to spend a bunch of money to end up with a dud again .
 Probably more useful as a soup cooker or steamer . The rice always seems to come out browned and hard on the bottom even if you double the recommended amount of water .
 Cooked rice fine for the first month then suddenly burned out for no apparent reason . I did n't even have a chance to try out the porridge/soup cooker and steamer functions . Now I will have to ship it back to Sanyo for a replacement unit .
 I was so excited to finally be getting a rice cooker stateside ! But I hate this one . Here are the reasons :1 -RRB- No handles for the pot . I ca n't take the pot for the rice out without using a potholder or towel . There are no handles for easy lifting in and out .2 -RRB- Pot is not secure . When I want to get my rice out , I have to use a towel or potholder to hold onto the pot because it wo n't stay still when I 'm scooping out my rice .3 -RRB- No beep for finished rice . Why is n't there a beep or a noise to indicate when the rice is done cooking ? 4 -RRB- Over-warms rice . I left the cooker on with rice in it overnight , and instead of being yummy the next morning , it was mostly dried out and hard . What a waste of rice!In retrospect , I should have shipped my original rice cooker back with me from Japan . It had all these features , and I got it third-hand . Pay the extra money to get a real Japanese one , not an import .
 The quality of rice is inadequate to satisfy anyone who likes sushi . I am really surprised that Sanyo makes such bad quality product . I returned the product .
 I am very happy that I purchased this rice cooker.It is easy to use , brainless - just add water , rice and forget about . It is extremely convenient and makes excellent rice . Guests have asked how we cooked the rice because it was perfect .
 This rice cooker is good for one time cooking . The rice does not last more than 12 hours . I usually leave my rice for 4 days so that I do not have to keep cooking it -LRB- lazy -RRB- . I returned it and bought Cukoo rice cooker -LRB- made in Korea -RRB- . The rice lasts for 4 days without changing color or get old . Cukoo is more expensive but it will last for years .
 After i reviewed various rice cookers in Amazon , I bought this one , hoping rice warm and fresh for at least 24 hours . I was wrong . First time I thought I cooked rice wrong to have dry rice on the surface , on the bottom almost no taxture porridge kind of rice within 24 hours . No . it was n't my cooking method . This is so poorly made rice cooker , even it is said keep rice at least 24 hours fresh . I am wondering how this one get so much good review . This is another reason not to buy at the Amazon , if you are not sure about the item . Buy your local store , and return it when products disppointed in you . I had few cheap rice cookers , could n't keep rice warm , at least it dose n't make rice dry and porridge at same time . Do n't buy this products . Amazon suggest customers no returnable item to sell in their market place , how dare to sell this item to another person , I feel shame to do about this rice cooker .
 I bought this because it was recommended by Cook 's Illustrated and I 've had excellent results from most of their recommendations . Not so with this one . I have major issues with the unit 's cleanability . The lid is hinged and is not removable for easy cleaning . The inside of the lid had a scale on it after cooking and I was hesitant to clean it thoroughly because it seemed to be something of a mystery substance and I was afraid that I would scratch it . There is a trough that catches condensation and is also difficult to clean . Likewise with the extremely flimsy gasket . The unit took longer to clean properly than it did to make the rice , and I prefer the old Aroma rice cooker that I bought this to replace .
 I do n't like this rice cooker because the inner pot 's non-stick coating peel off after 6 month , and there 's no way to replace it . My last Panasonic rice cooker 's non-stick coating lasted 5 years .
 I was neither satisfied with the product , nor the `` shopping experience '' for this product . I specifically wanted this to cook brown rice as we are trying to eat healthier . It tends to get scorched on the stove top , plus takes a long time -LRB- not so long in hindsight -RRB- . I talked to friends who had a rice cooker -LRB- not this brand -RRB- that they were happy with and then I read the reviews on Amazon and other sites . This cooker apparently was rated highly by Cook 's magazine and was reasonably priced . Since most of the negative reviews seemed to be about ease of cleaning , I thought it would work out . It seems to only be available online , either from Amazon or Walmart -LRB- online only -RRB- . The day it arrived I read the directions thoroughly -LRB- some reviewers mentioned that measurements need to be fairly precise -RRB- and followed them . The manual mentioned that white rice would be ready in about 30 minutes but did not mention how long it took for brown rice to cook , though it had some suggested recipes . I just cooked basic brown rice in a small quantity . Well it took one and a half hours for it to be done and it was quite soggy . I was not willing to keep the item and `` tweak '' the process to try to get decent rice , so I cleaned it up and repacked it and checked on the return process . Since this item was not handled by Amazon directly I had to contact the company that sent the product with an email and wait for them to approve my reason for returning it and give me a return authorization code to include with my packaging . They did approve the return and I sent it back via UPS . It cost me over 17 dollars for the return shipping -LRB- not anthing expedited , just regular UPS that was supposed to take about 10 days for it to reach the destination -RRB- . I tracked the package until it reached the seller and then waited for my refund . When a month had passed and still no refund I called them to let them know . They did respond quickly after my call for me to get a refund . However I will never purchase an item like this from Amazon again , especially if it 's through another seller . Books and CD 's are fine , but no appliances .
 It was ok , unless I left it on warm and the rice caked onto the bottom terribly . However , it stopped working after 4 months of use . Not sure what happened ...
 I received this rice cooker from Amazon.com in early July , 2010 , and it performed beautifully for about seven months . It 's sturdy and very easy to clean . We made rice about twice a week with no problems . Then the `` WARM '' light stopped working and it shut off automatically . Next the `` WARM '' light started working again but the rice was hard even though all the water had been absorbed . We used the same type of rice -LRB- long grain brown -RRB- and the same proportion of one cup rice to two cups water that we always used . The time it took the cooker to finish also did n't change.We paid $ 48 plus shipping . That makes each batch of rice cost approximately $ l to cook based on the cost and estimated 56 batches -LRB- two batches a week for seven months -RRB- . The short life of this product is commented upon in other reviews ; however , I found the same complaints about other brands of rice cookers.I just orderedPanasonic SRG06FG 3.3-Cup Automatic Rice Cookerfrom Amazon . It 's smaller , feels cheap , has no `` WARM '' function , and is much harder to clean ; but the first batch of rice was perfect . The Panasonic also carries buyer reviews complaining about the short life but I could n't find any rice cookers that did n't . At least it only cost $ 25.60 I have friends with rice cookers that they have used successfully for years and this experience seems to be repeated in Amazon reviews
 This worked well for about 4 months and then broke . Its mechanism turns to `` warm '' now way before the rice is done . When I called the company to ask about service or an exchange , I got someone one time . I had to call back with more information from the receipt and I have never been able to get a hold of someone since then . I have called about 8 other times . It is not worth my time to keep trying to get a hold of someone , pay to send it to a service person , etc. . Since this item is well reviewed in Cook 's Illustrated , I am debating buying another and crossing my fingers ...
 I bought this because 2 other 12 volt ocilating fans I 've had did not ocilate . This one seems to reliably ocilate but even though it spins the blade it does not seem to move the air . jUNK DO N'T BUY
 They never sent me one of the items I purchased . I am still waiting for it . Now I just noticed that one of the items I bought from them that was supposed to be 16 x 20 '' is much smaller.It has been more than a month after purchasing from them already.BEWARE ADAM HERSH
 This `` poster '' looks like someone took pictures of a larger poster and cut and pasted sections together . Very disappointing !
 Disappointed by this item . I bought a couple of `` crystal '' decanters at the same time , which cost only a few dollars more . The difference was striking . This set is very dull , ordinary glass , and the rubber stopper in the decanter looks cheap .
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 With respect to Order ID
 The manufacturer packed this product so poorly that the plastic joints between sections of the tree were smashed , and the pole in the center of the tree was bent beyond redemption . I have no idea how this tree looked all put together since I had to repack it and send it back . Thankfully Amazon.com 's return policy is generous and swift - they get five stars for service ! In the meantime , it was a real tree for me again this year ... I may try to go with an artificial one next year , but will not order one online again .
 I am a little disappointed in the quality of the stainless on this product . I have an older 1 oz . version of this and it is really nice . The stainless looks like it is about to get rusty at any time if I do n't dry it immediately and thoroughly after every use . Compared to my little one , the shine factor is just not even there . I regret not buying one of these about 15 years ago when I got my small one .
 I own the Swissmar Borner V Slicer and find it to be of exceptional quality -LRB- very sharp and useful -RRB- . This item , however , is not . Maybe if you are using this tool to make interesting Veg ` Art , but I found it would n't even peel a potato properly . The peeler part is so dull I 'm not sure what anyone would do with that feature . The rest of the tool is plastic . I wish I never purchased this since it is not worth paying to send the item back .
 I have the Borner mandolin and other Borner graters which are very well designed , but this one is a total failure . The grater is almost dull , made of very thin metal that bended while sitting in the drawer . The metal blade also fell once , but I managed to insert it back . The handle is uncomfortable due to it sharp shapes . I gave the stars for the other uses , as I successfully managed to open an orange with it . It might also work for other tasks , but not for grating.I ca n't believe Borner was able to produce such a bad tool . I am not recommending it , as there are many other better graters on the market !
 I am a little disappointed in the quality of the stainless on this product . I have an older 1 oz . version of this and it is really nice . The stainless looks like it is about to get rusty at any time if I do n't dry it immediately and thoroughly after every use . Compared to my little one , the shine factor is just not even there . I regret not buying one of these about 15 years ago when I got my small one .
 this product is ridiculous ... all you need to remove garlic smell from hands is to rub your hands on ANY stainless steel item under running water . just about any knife in your kitchen will work , as will pots , cutlery , the sink itself , etc. .
 I bought 4 of these to distribute as gifts to my mother , sister , sister in law and myself . We all cook with tons of garlic and I thought it would be the perfect gift . We tried using the eggs after a day of intense cooking and it did n't seem to work . Ours hands still smelled of garlic and onions .
 Description of the comforter does point out that it is lightweight that would be an understatement . More like a poor quality sheet with a bit of down in between the layers . Made in China of only 74 % down . To state that this comforter has a retail price of $ 160 is laughable ! Really more of a throw than a comforter . At $ 50 it is grossly overpriced ! Look elsewhere !
 I ordered it on april 11 , now it 's apr. 29 . I just found that it 's going to be shipped on May 12th . It is just a trash can . Are you casting this after getting order ? custom made ? what 's wrong with you ? I do n't cancel this order only because it was supposed to be included in free super saving shipping .
 The bag is unusable in the vacuum for which it is marketed . According to the written description and picture , this bag is made for this vacuum . It does not fit the attachment inside the vacuum and is completely unusable . It is a total waste of money .
 I purchased this for my father who about 10 times a day puts his cup of coffee in the microwave to warm it up . I figured this would save him a lot of time if it worked . However , it just did n't keep the coffee hot enough . Nice idea though.And before anyone comments saying he didnt use it correctly , he did . He poured a fresh cup of hot coffee , used this coffee warmer like a coaster . Within about 30 minutes , he had to make another trip to the microwave .
 It keeps your coffee warm but not hot . The problem is that most cups that are made do not have a flat bottom , therefor do not have enough contact with the heater to transfere heat to the cup .
 The first time I plugged in this device , part of the plastic melted away and the device became useless . I consider it a total waste of money .
 I have had a white one for years and very happy with it . However , I purchased two new mugs that were larger on the bottom than my other mugs . I looked at the black warmers and the photo appeared larger than the white one . Also , the dimensions state a larger size . It is not . The burner is exactly the same size as the white one .
 I would advise any potential purchasers to avoid this product . Mine worked once , and has n't worked since . This is not a quality product .
 Fast deleivery as usual from Amazon , but do n't waste your money . This coffee warmer does n't keep coffee more thann lukewarm at best . Spend more on the Norpro and you 'll be very satisfied . I gave it 1 star because I could n't give it less .
 Jeez , I figured you guys KNEW about coffee ! This is a terrible excuse for a warmer . It keeps your coffee slightly above body temperature , not nearly warm enough to be pleasant . I bought two of them and am tossing them out . Anyone considering this item ? DO N'T buy one !!!
 I bought this to replace an almost forty year old cup warmer . I wanted a black and more stylish one and this one looked good . Any good reviews about keeping their coffee warm with this warmer must come from people who drink quickly . I take about a half hour to drink my 8oz cup and that 's why I need a warmer . The longer my mug sits on this warmer the cooler it gets . Do n't be fooled by it 's looks .
 The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer will only keep your coffee , or whatever , a little warmer than room temperature . Bought three of these pieces of junk for the office . They 're going back to the store for a refund . Coffe has to be up to a certain degree of temperature to taste right . This junker does not reach that temperature .
 Very disappointing . Barely keeps the coffee warm . 17 watts not enough . Have another brand at 25 watts and is much better . Didnt realize there was so much difference . At $ 10 cant expect too much . Not worth that much . Not worth returning . Dont buy if you like your coffee hot .
 coffee warmer only keeps coffee lukewarm . so i am still in the market for a coffee warmer .
 Barely applies any heat to the cup . Fresh-off-the-stove water was luke-warm within 15 minutes . Very poor , and highly disappointing , performance . Would never buy another `` Mr. Coffee '' cup warmer .
 My coffee cup just barely fit on the plate . I thought I would try a different manufacturer of mug warmers . I already had one that worked . Both products worked the same . I realize that the voltage has a limit on it , but it just does n't keep the coffee hot enough unless you can drink your cup of coffee in 30 minutes . I sip on mine for 2 hours and get very tired of continually having to zap the coffee in the microwave just to heat it up while still using the coffee warmer.Can the manufacturer 's come up with a better idea that actually works ?
 I wanted this to use for tea when I 'm away from home and it does n't get hot enough , not even tepid .
 I bought 2 of these to give one to my fianc&eacute; and take one to work to replace one that I have had for over 10 years . She is happy with it because she prefers her coffee lukewarm , I on the other hand like mine fresh from the pot hot and am quite displeased with this one since it only stays lukewarm.I 've gone back to my 10 + year old one and the new one is now being used as a `` candle warmer '' .
 I arrived home today from work to find the Mr Coffee warmer still on and heating . I assumed I must have forgotten to switch it off though I try to be careful about that but I had turned it off . Should I feel lucky it did n't start a fire ? It did n't even last a year so easily rates as a piece-o-junk in my book .
 This thing was a waste of my money.Thought that this item would be a good buy because of the brand since I have a coffee pot that is over 10 years old and has been with me longer than anything I own , but I was wrong.It wo n't even keep a cup of coffee warm not to even mention hot.Save your money wait till around Christmas time and get one at the dollar stores or someplace .
 First of all , the heat was not very impressive on this thing . Secondly , I received this item on December 20 , 2011 ; it is now September 19 , 2012 , and it has already stopped working -LRB- Just shy of 9 months -RRB- . I last used it 24 hours ago , and I just went to use it again , but there is nothing ; no light , no heat , it 's just dead . I may have only paid $ 8 for this , but I am not happy that I have to now order another one so soon . I will definitely be looking into another brand or model , because I do n't want this to happen again .
 I bought the thing , then read the reviews . I tried everything including using a flat bottom cup for maximum contact , pre-heating the cup and making sure the coffee was hot when put on the device . I left the warmer on for 5 minutes so it was `` hot '' before putting the coffee on it . When one does this , the coffee COOLS OFF -LRB- ! -RRB- when on the warmer . Gets cooler ! It simply does not run hot enough to work . It does work if you only put an inch of pre-heated coffee in a pre-heated cup . Then it keeps it semi hot . I took mine back to BB&B .
 I ordered the Mr. Coffee warmer because I found myself boiling the kettle in my office several times a day trying to get a hot cup of tea/coffee . Well , if it was n't for the fact that my kettle finally died , I think I would prefer to just keep boiling new cups of tea because the warmer only keeps hot beverages lukewarm at best . It just is n't warm enough to make the beverage enjoyable . I wish it had a thermostat or something so that each person could adjust the heat level best for them . The only word I can use to assess its functionality is , `` OK '' ; HOWEVER , I have found another great use for it . Now , I 'm , not telling anyone else to use it for this purpose because it WAS NOT designed to be used this way and we all know that if any injuries are sustained one can not blame the manufacturer . Okay , here goes ... ladies , I use it as a heating pad at work when I get cramps . I stick it between the desk and my stomach and voila ! no more pain . It 's best to use a towel to ensure you do n't get burned , but by far , this has been the best use for this product . Sorry MR.Coffee , but MRS. Cramps says she can find a better use for this piece of equipment .
 So I love coffee . I drink it all the time . Morning , noon , night I can never get enough . With a habit like this it does n't take long for people you know and love to start calling you things like `` Mr. cup of Joe ' or `` Coffee Head '' . The list goes on and on , and some are cute ... others not so much . I never really thought that I would need a coffee warmer , as I stated before I drink it all the time so it never gets cold . Well last year around the holidays my office decided to have a party . Some genius came up with the idea to have a secret Santa event . For those who do n't know what that means , you basically draw a name out of a hat and then buy a present for that person . I was n't big on the idea ; I do n't really care for most people in my office . They are either too young , too dumb , or both to not get on my nerves . I can be a bit irritable at times as a side effect for my caffeine addiction . Anyway , I lucked out and I drew the name of this young intern we have in the office . What a knock out . Every guy we had working wanted her , lucky for me she wanted nothing to do with them , and I ended up making her my mistress . So drawing her name for the secret Santa was pretty much like winning the lottery . I was trying to figure out how I could buy her a present without my wife getting wise to the affair . So this was like killing two birds with one stone . What I did n't realize was that the whole thing was rigged and she set it up for me to draw her name , and surprise , she drew mine . So I start racking by brain trying to figure out what I am going to get this dame for a present . I was stuck between a sleek nightgown , and a pair of leather chaps that came with a free ball gag -LRB- If you do n't know what that is , watch the movie pulp fiction , they put one in the colored fella 's mouth before they have their way with him -RRB- . I ended up going with the night gown . Like I originally suspected , my wife was suspicious of the present when I handed it to her and told her to wrap it up . Once I told her it was for the office intern she looked like she wanted to say something else , but I quickly shut her down.So the night of the party we are all sitting around a circle exchanging gifts . At this point I had quite a bit to drink ; next to coffee my favorite drink is Jim Beam . I was n't in the mood for any smart aleck remarks . Well it gets to be the interns turn to open her gift . Everyone is taken back immediately when she pulled out the nighty . It was as if they all knew our dirty little secret . I could see it in all of their eyes , and I was just waiting for one of them to have the nerve to say something so I could strike them right in their face . Fran -LRB- she is the 65 year old office secretary -RRB- started to say something under her breath . I could n't tell exactly what she was saying but , it sounded like `` Oh my lord , I guess we know what that means ... inaudible ... blah blah ... etc. '' I jumped up to my feet in about two shakes of a lambs tail . Fran was n't so big and bad when I was an inch away screaming in her face to try and say or do something . She backed down , they always do . Well , there were a few minutes of awkward silence that was only broken by the occasional whimper from Fran . Finally we started again with the festivities . In a few minutes it was my turn to open up my present . Well , after I had spent a pretty penny on the nighty , this lady goes out and gets me this Mr. Coffee mug warmer . I felt enraged ! Who did she think she was ? I immediately stood up and told her that we were done . I never wanted to see her again , and I told her so . So again with water works and drama . At that point it did n't matter so I got up and went to my office . I have a fully stocked bar in the corner of my office and a couple fingers of single malt sounded pretty good at the time . I also have a projector screen and about seventy five full feature adult movies . The good stuff , like midgets that beat the holy heck out of one another with bamboo canes ... stuff like that . It was the perfect place to collect my thoughts . That is probably why I did n't pay too much attention to what was going on outside.As I had stated before , my wife was starting to suspect that something may have been going on between me and the intern . What I did n't know , was that she had been spying on me for quite some time . Can you imagine that ? Where is the trust and love in a marriage if it comes down to this ? She should have been ashamed of herself but she had recently taken some women 's right class in night school and was feeling all self ritechous . You know what I mean , that whole `` I am woman hear me roar '' bull spit . She was thinking about how she was going to make her move and I guess the best she could come up with was throwing a cup of hot coffee in my face . I do n't know if she was going for some sort of ironic twist , or was just too dumb to think of anything better -LRB- I lean toward the latter of the two -RRB- . So I am sitting there watching these two dwarfs going at it , while I sipped my scotch . I was finally starting to relax and feel the merry holiday spirit when I heard the office door squeak behind me . I started to turn around to see who it was . My brain was just barely able to recognize the figure in the doorway as my wife when all of the sudden this dark wall of black liquid hits me in the face . I have to admit , I was n't ready for that . I sat there stunned for a moment or two and then my senses started coming back to me . The smell was what tipped me off to the fact that the liquid that was just thrown at my face was coffee . Then I started to think about why I was n't in severe pain from being assaulted with a hot beverage . I had heard a story about a guy who took McDonalds to court after burning himself with their coffee . This stuff did n't even hurt a little . I pushed the thought out of my mind when I took chase after my wife . Several hours later while I had her sitting in her timeout bench that I had built in the closet , I asked her why she threw cold coffee at me and not hot . Between her sobs she explained that she had actually put the cup of coffee on the mug warmer for a good half hour and thought that it was piping hot . To her disappointment the contraption is a piece of junk and could n't even get the drink to a hot temperature . After she apologized a few times I decided to let her out of her timeout hole . I was tired after the events and a foot massage was sounding pretty good . As she rubbed my feet a question crept into my mind . I asked her if she had plugged the thing in before she tried to heat up the coffee and she said she had forgotten . Well , I married her for her father 's money and mothers ' looks ; I guess a brain was too much to ask for . She finished the foot massage and I told her that if she went to go pick up the intern I might be able to forgive her before the New Year . So , I guess in the end I ca n't really tell you if this thing works or not . I can only say for sure that it wo n't work if it is not plugged in ! I ca n't believe we passed the 18th amendment giving them the chance to vote !
 I bought 3 of these for myself and 2 co-workers . -LRB- so its not that I got a faulty one -RRB- All 3 of us used it and agreed they are useless . Your drink will stay luke warm at best.It does `` warm '' the bottom of the mug though , so technically it is n't false advertising.Thanks for another crap product China .
 Just FYI ... the element heats up fine , but does not seem to connect to my mug/cup to heat the liquid contents . I use it at work to keep my cup of tea warm . A previous one I had -LRB- not same manufacturer -RRB- died on me and figured a cup/mug warmer most are all alike . I bought the one with the best responses , go figure . This one barely keeps the contents warm , heat is barely recognizable . Sorry does not work well for me .
 THIS DOES N'T EVEN KEEP COFFEE LUKEWARM !!! MY OLD THAT I HAD FOR OVER 20 YRS . WAS STILL WORKING , BUT THE PLASTIC WAS CRACKED UNDERNEATH , SO IT WAS N'T SAFE TO USE ANYMORE . I CA N'T EVEN FIND THE BRAND ANYMORE ... -LRB- IT WAS SOME LITTLE KNOWN BRAND , BUT IT SURE WORKED GREAT FOR $ 9.99 -RRB- OH WELL , I JUST GUESS I 'LL HAVE TO GULP MY COFFEE AND GET UP OFF MY REAR END AND HEAT IT IN THE MICROWAVE WHEN IT GETS LUKEWARM ... UGH !!!
 I read several of the reviews before buying and kept in mind several of the recommendations . I actually ordered 2 thinking to give one as a stocking stuffer and keep one for myself . I tried the first one and it basically did n't work from the get go -LRB- broken I guess -RRB- . So did n't give the other one as a gift , kept it -LRB- did n't want to give a bad gift -RRB- . Finally got around to trying the second one out ... put a steaming cup of hot tea on it , probably drank half the cup pretty quickly but the second half sat there for quite a while and when I went to drink it , COLD . I hate to say it but I would not recommend it .
 I started out with hot coffee the temperature that I like but it did not keep it that temperature . Still not hot enough for me , but then McDonald 's coffee does n't scare me .
 I was just hoping for it to keep my coffee somewhere close to hot for a while . My coffee , in a normal coffee mug , is barely warm after 10-15 minutes on this . Yeah , it 's warmer than it would be without it but I still have to go warm it up with fresh coffee if I want to enjoy it . My expectations were low . I do n't even like my coffee very hot . Did NOT expect this thing to let me down but it has . It keeps my coffee at about 5 seconds worth of microwaving .
 This device does well enough keeping the coffee warm , but I have black gunk along the bottom of every cup and mug that has sat on the warming pad , which seems to come off only with a long soaking in CLR .
 Made in China . Does n't keep my coffee warm enough . If I have a traditional small coffee mug that is half full it will keep pretty hot but if it 's 3/4 full or a larger coffee mug then the coffee gets gets cold or at least not at the 125-130F degree I like . I 'm returning and looking for more wattage . 17 watts is n't enough for me .
 This product did not work in my case . It did NOT keep my Hot Tea - Hot or warm for much longer than normal . Not sure why but I would n't recommend ! -LSB- :@ -RSB-
 I 've been mostly pleased with items from Amazon , but need to say the Mr Coffee mug warmer was a real disapointment in that it only keeps coffe or any liquids slightly warmer than lukewarm . Picked up a second-hand Rival mug warmer and it works great ! OH Well
 When I received this item , I plugged it in and smoke immediately began to pour out of the base . I left it for a moment or two , thinking that it may have just been a build up of dust or plastic residue -LRB- or whatever -RRB- burning off on the first use.After 30 - 40 seconds , the smoke was billowing out even more heavily and I detected a increasing burning smell.At that point I unplugged the thing rather than leaving it to -LRB- possibly -RRB- burst into flames!So , for me , this item was a TOTAL waste of money - and not worth the postal costs of returning it .
 I have several &#34; Mr Coffee &#34; branded products which is why I chose this one . Have to say I am disappointed . My coffee gets luke warm then cold using this product which is disappointing . I would not recommend this product to others .
 I 'm underwhelmed by this mug warmer , but perhaps that 's the best we can hope for.Pros : Switch is in the base , not four feet away in the far reaches of the middle of cord.Light tells you it 's on , when not blocked by the mug.It has not yet burned house down when I forget to turn it off.It still works after I forgot to turn it off.Cons : It does not turn self off -- wasting electricity.Short cord barely reaches existing electrical source at a desk with a multi-plug power strip.Lukewarm is it.Has lasted two months .
 Bought three of them for use around the house to replace one that I have had for years.All three produced a strong odor of burning plastics and electronics .
 It looks good and functions well but the temperature is just not quite as hot as most coffee and tea drinkers prefer . Another 10-15 degrees and it would be perfect .
 I have used a Dazey and it worked great . The Mr Coffee keeps it a little warm but I like my coffee hot .
 I used these as candle warmers rather than coffee mug warmers . I bought 5 of these and would turn them on probably 15-20 minutes at a time . They ended up almost exploding or busting open after a while and exposed the insides . It scared me . One of them just stopped working altogether . I 'm completely disappointed with this product .
 Very disappointed in this item . I presently own a Salton mug warmer that I use daily . I wanted a warmer for work . I went with Mr. Coffee expecting it to be superior but it is not . I would not recommend this item to anyone nor would I buy Mr. Coffee again . BUMMED !!!!
 got it through amazon.only keeps coffee luke warm.old sharper image can warmer cooler died after 4 years , services tomorrow , it blew this mr coffee plate away.can not find that type anywhere.would not recomend this item to anyone . .
 I am on vacation and purchased this product as I love another brand -LRB- forget which one -RRB- at home . I am finding it is making the coffee taste burned when it gets down to less than 1/2 mug . Am wondering , after reading other reviews , if there is a lack of consistency in the manufacturing .
 This warmer looks better than it works . Does not keep beverages hot ... only slightly warm . Might be ok for kids drinks but not adults . Wont buy another one .
 I purchased two Mr. Coffee pads a month or so ago , I have tried different mugs with it and I find that they do n't work , very well , they will keep the coffee lightly warmed at best . The pad get hot but it does not transfer the heat to the mug .
 This product does NOT keep the liquids in your cup hot , just luke warm and I would not have purchased it if I knew this . I had a different brand before and it was wonderful but after 3 years just stopped working . It kept my coffee warmer than when I first got if out of the coffee maker , so that shows you it really worked , but this Mr Coffee does n't do that , its lukewarm at best .
 The rating watt of this product was 17 watts . It was place , 53-55 degrees centigrade that measured surface temperature . Because wattage was low , cups enough for the surface temperature were not temperature to keep it warm , and there were not enough effects for cup thermal insulation . I expect a product with constant thermal effect -LRB- surface temperature 78-80 degrees centigrade -RRB- .
 it does n't get hot enough and has much less wattage than my old one . Where can I find one a better one ???
 Well , based on the good reviews , I gave this one a try . I was looking for a good mug warmer because sometimes I reheat my coffee in the microwave about ten times before I finish it ! I figured it would be better to get a good warmer instead of a whole set of new mugs.For this item , the price was right , the reviews were approving enough , and the on/off switch was on the base . Everyone who liked the other top rated mug warmer did NOT like the switch being located in the cord . I figured that `` Mr. Coffee '' probably would make a suitable product too . So I gave this a try expecting that the negative reviews were exaggerating how lukewarm it was . Obviously no-one wants their warmer to start a fire ! But it would probably keep my coffee warm enough.Wrong ! Lukewarm it was . Maybe I am pickier than I thought , but I know my mugs are terrible and it could n't keep that `` hot '' feeling even for them . On a scale of 1 to 10 , the heat was probably a 6 . Good enough if you do n't want your coffee to cool , but not good enough if you actually like it with at least a little HOT in it .
 I ordered two of this item , so certain was I that this would do the trick for my coffee staying hot . It makes complete sense to me that it needs a flat bottomed mug in order to work efficiently and I never gave a thought when ordering that a flat bottomed mug would be so elusive!I have looked high and low . If anyone reading this review knows where I can locate such an animal , please let me know before I send this purchase back . Without the aforementioned flat bottomed mug , the product does a very poor job - so poor as to be useless !
 I purchased this hoping it would eliminate the need to run to the microwave to heat up my coffee ... But , it has n't done the job for me . I 've only used it a few times and each time , it made my coffee taste funky . And , trust me - it 's not the coffee . I 've used the same coffee and coffee maker for at least 2 years.It 's obviously worked for many that purchased it - so that 's great . But , it has not met my expectations.The good thing is that it was only $ 10 . I will end up donating it in hopes someone else will be happy with it.Sorry , Mr. Coffee . I do n't like giving less than stellar reviews , but had to this time ...
 Although the warming surface is large enough to accommodate larger coffee mugs it unfortunately does not keep the coffee hot , a disappointing lukewarm at best .
 This is my second coffee warmer . I lost my first one , a no-name cheap model that worked beautifully , so I bought two of the Mr. Coffee version , one for me and one for my spouse . It really wo n't maintain the temperature of the coffee until your cup is down to about 1 ounce left . I would not recommend this product . We had the same experience with both Mr. Coffee warmers , so it was n't a case of a defective item . It just does n't work .
 This mug warmer does NOT keep coffee at the temperature it was when I put the ceramic cup on the warmer . It keeps it warm , yes , but not hot . I still have to reheat it if i leave it for any length of time.It might be fine if you 're drinking warm milk , but if you like hot coffee , I think you 'll be disappointed -- as I am.The lack of auto shut-off is a problem , but I knew that when I bought it , so I just have to be vigilant about turning it off when I leave my desk .
 The unit I received is full of scratches on the surface . I am not sure if it 's a brand new unit or not . since it works fine I just did n't bother to exchange for another one .
 Looks nice . Did n't cost much . The surface even gets hot to the touch . I just ca n't keep even a half a cup of coffee warm ! Do n't waste your money .
 I read the reviews and considered the pros and cons before purchasing this product . I read about it working best if you have a flat bottomed cup and that the beverage needs to be hot in order for it to work . I used the most flat cups i own and tried many different sizes all of which were wide to cover the hot plate of the product . Every time the beverage did not remain hot and cooled to a dull lukewarm after a few minutes as if my tea was not even on a heating element ! Amazingly it could not even keep the littlest amount of liquid at the bottom of the cup warm enough to be pleasing ! I was searching for a beverage warmer that would replace my tea light one so i wouldnt have to keep purchasing tea light candles and had high hopes for this product . So disappointed !!! Why why manufacture a product that doesnt work ? Now its headed for a landfill forever ! And its a cheap quality appliance , so flimsy , it feels like it even if it did work it would break easily and never outlast its warranty ! If you like your beverage to remain hot SAVE YOUR MONEY ! If you dont mind an oh so slightly warm drink then go ahead and buy it after all it is labeled as a mug WARMER .
 This thing is a fire hazard . I bought two of them and the bottom is equal to , if not hotter than the top plate on each . I would not recommend this product as it will ruin furniture at best , and light your home/office of fire at worst .
 I like the Mr Coffee cup warmer in most respects . However , a couple of features that are sorely missing and I am surprised that this product can be marketed without them.There is no auto shutoff switch . I have had other cup warmers in the past that would shutoff after an hour . They also had a sensor that would shut off if no cup was present.I have left my cup warmer on with no cup sitting there a burning all night when I was sleeping . How much more would it cost to add these important safety and energy conservation capabilities.I would gladly pay the difference .
 dose not keep coffee hot a step above ice cold I was very disappointed I though since it was a Mr. coffee it would be what I wanted would n't not buy again .
 Does n't keep coffee hot enough . Could be used only as a candle warmer . Do n't buy it unless you like lukewarm coffee -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- .
 Ok ... I threw away the one I was using in my office before this because it was no longer getting my cups of coffee hot ... only tepid and therefore wasting energy . Silly me . I was SURE -LRB- since I read all reviews -RRB- that this mug warmer by Mr. Coffee would be so great that I just tossed my old one before receiving this . HUGE mistake ! This has got to be the worst product I have ever purchased from Amazon ! I tried for days with several different shaped mugs of tea or coffee ... nothing . . none of them got more than BARELY tepid ! It is very hot to the touch ... but for some ridiculous reason it WILL NOT HEAT YOUR CUP OF LIQUID ... and I 'm speaking of a hot cup of coffee to start with ! I was so surprised that I kept trying different mugs ... thinking maybe it 's the shape or ... ??? Nothing worked . Nothing.Please do not waste your time . Do not purchase this product !!
 Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer is a total waste of money . Only keeps drinks lukewarm at best . Not very satisfying at all.Mr Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer
 I agree with the others . You have to use a flat bottom mug . I looked through my large collection , and they all have a small lip on the bottom . This is the only part of the mug touching the hot plate , and that tiny amount of surface will not keep the beverage hot , unless the cup is nearly empty . My old one worked all day , everyday , for 14 years . I never paid attention to the manufacturer . Too bad . Now I still have to go to the microwave every few minutes to heat my drink . I wish I could find out what kind of cup the 4 and 5 star reviewers have .
 I purchased the Mr. Coffee mug warmer because it was economical and I believed Mr. Coffee to be a reputable brand.Don ' t waste your money on this mug warmer , even if it 's economical . There are good points -- nice length to the cord ; convenient on/off switch . But the reason for purchasing a mug warmer is to keep the contents warm , even somewhat heated . This warmer does not do that . It barely keeps the coffee lukewarm . I previously had a warmer by Continental Electric which kept the coffee at a very nice temperature and it was never cooled to the `` tepid '' point.This model is not worth the money or effort . Check out the Continental Electric instead , even if it 's more expensive .
 Purchased this in 2010 . Does n't keep coffee warm . Well , barely warm -- but significantly cooler than I 'd like . My preference is a cup that is almost as warm as when it is first poured -- not crazy hot , but more than lukewarm . This is n't even close . And do n't even think that it can warm up a cup that has started to cool because you 've been carrying it around for a few minutes .
 I have a Rival mug warmer that I 've enjoyed for years . No idea where I got it . I just know it 's been a champ ! Recently , my husband was ill and wanted to use it for the broth or tea he was constantly sipping . He got better , I requested it back , he returned it , then stole it again two days later . So , time for me to get to get a new one , right?Unfortunately , this Mr. Coffee warmer is no rival to my Rival ! My Rival is so hot that the bottom several sips of coffee are almost -LRB- not quite -RRB- too hot to drink , and that 's how I like it . On the few occasions I 've forgotten about it , it 's still hot hours and hours later , and there will have been some evaporation/concentration of the leftover coffee!The Mr. Coffee , on the other hand , lets the coffee cool to barely above tepid after a mere half hour . I deliberately left the bottom few sips for awhile , and even that last little bit got colder . This just is not acceptable . At all.Oh , and to be very clear , for my test of this mug warmer , I was sure to use the same mug I always use for my coffee -LRB- so no difference in surface area contacting the warmer -RRB- , I pre-warmed the mug to almost too-hot-to-touch , and I prewarmed the warmer itself for about two minutes before placing my piping-hot mug of coffee on it . With all that , for it to be tepid at the bottom in 30 minutes is just ridiculous.I just requested a refund , and was very pleased to be told by Amazon that I would n't have to hassle with actually returning this thing in order to get said refund . My husband is going to see if it will be adequate for him , because he 's actually fine with `` tepid '' . -LRB- And I 'll be taking back my Rival warmer , thank you ! -RRB- When I unplugged the Mr. Coffee warmer in order to give it to him , I noticed that the BOTTOM of the thing was warmer than the warming plate itself . Yeah . Let 's waste the heat out the bottom of it , rather than directing it to where it does the most good . * sigh *
 I have two other cup warmers , but this was to be my third . It does EXACTLY what it claims to do
 Used the warmer for almost two winters and it has stopped working now . Worked great during the first winter . They do n't make them like they used to .
 The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer truely is a mug warmer . I use it daily . My mug is warm , but my beverage is n't .
 I purchased this item for my husband , who likes very hot coffee and tea , but it does not keep beverages warm as advertised . We tried it a few times and even when his mug went straight from the coffee pot to the warmer , it did n't keep it warm . Too bad , so sad . I returned it .
 Pros
 I do not like my coffee HOT , but the coffee cup warmer I had for almost 30 years kept it at a very nice warm temperature . This one is barely lukewarm , and I do not have a very thick mug , which I am sure the heat would not penetrate at all . Do n't waste your money .
 This warmer does n't even begin to keep coffee warm . Do n't waste your time or money . Very disappointed given the Mr. Coffee brand ...
 Like other 1-star reviews , this warmer barely kept the coffee warm . And like most other cheap electronic products , the cord was too short ; just enough to reach the floor with about two inches to move around . Also , do n't waste your time trying to actually warm coffee , as it took about an hour and a half to go from room temperature to warm .
 As usual Amazon service and delivery was superb . The product however , the Mr. Coffee cup warmer is barely that ... that is it 's barely warm . These are supposed to keep your coffee , tea , or other hot drink hot . Not scalding , but hot enough to enjoy as a hot drink . I 'm sorry I made the purchase .
 About the only good thing I can say about these Mr. Coffee Mug `` warmers '' is that they 'll never burn your coffee . Even with the cup 2/3 empty , it STILL ca n't keep the coffee warm . If you like to drink your coffee hot and you want your `` warmer '' to keep it hot , this is most definitely NOT the warmer for you . If you like lukewarm , maybe it is , b/c that 's the best it 'll do.Mr . Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer
 I thought this was the coffee warmer that shuts off after no movments . I was wrong . It sill burns my coffee if I forget to turn is off overnight . It works as well as most others . None keep the coffee really hot . It does help to have a coffee cup with a larger base instead of the cups which get narrow toward the bottom .
 It is supposed to keep your coffee hot , but it does n't even keep it warm . Very disappointed in this product , because I thought the brand name , `` Mr. Coffee '' , was a guarantee of a good product .
 Just to start off , warmer is just what this thing does . I like my coffee just a bit hotter . This is my second warmer and it is not any better than the first one . I bought my second warmer at Wal Mart for around $ 5.00 . Target on line list at $ 9.99 . The major reason I use Amozon for most of my purchases is I can find things quickly and do n't have to go store to store trying to find something . As I get older it is harder to get out and shop . Most of the time I get good deals but to be careful , you can get ripped off too .
 The product was delivered as promised in good shape and no damage , but , when it comes to keeping you cup of coffee hot , it doesnt . In fact , it barely keeps a steaming hot cup of coffee warm.Not at all what I expected . If I had any idea of the poor performance of this product , I wound never have purchased it . Please save your money !
 The warmers do n't keep fluid warm . I read my comments and in trying to be humorous i became inarticulate . As you can see . I purchased three of Mr. Coffee mug warmers . As one of the last of the big spenders I expected to keep coffee warmer than tepid . I know that burning houses down is not good for the Mr. Coffee image but in `` She Who must be obeyed 's '' dressing room , She who rules , bedside cabinet and subserviant he , lukewarm is n't what we wanted - so she tells me . I intend to try one of another brand and see if there is a difference . Want to buy nearly unused coffee warmers - well known brand?Is this the hyper link ? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received two of this brand of mug warmer . I only ordered one , but I finally resolved the issue with Ace Hardware.I love this Mr. Coffee mug warmer . I have one at work and one at home . I do n't throw away coffee like I did before , because the mug warmer does keep the drink warm . I am pleased .
 Like some of the reviews says , it keeps my drink warm -LRB- only luke warm actually -RRB- and even if I put a really hot drink on , it wo n't sustain the temperature .
 If want your coffee to stay hot this will not do it , mildly warm at best . With fire considerations I guess there is n't one that will truly keep you coffee hot , just have your expectations in line when ordering .
 I decided to replace my warmer I 've had for years which was not keeping my coffee as hot as it used to . After reading the reviews , I purchased this warmer and was disappointed that it did n't keep my coffee hot . My old warmer kept my coffee hotter than this one . I used the same cup on both warmers so it 's not the cup I 'm using . I 'm sadly returning this .
 This a a huge waste of money . I am so disappointed in Mr. Coffee , I 've liked their other products but this does NOT keep your cup of coffee even lukewarm .
 This `` Mug Warmer '' does exactly what it promises . It warms the mug . Not the coffee . The plate never got hot enough to keep my coffee sufficiently warm .
 This coffee warmer only keeps coffee lukewarm . I thought Mr. Coffee was a safe bet but it is going back
 As usual did extensive research before purchase . The product lives up to its name as a `` Warmer . '' If you want to keep your drink luke warm this is the item for you . However , it will not keep coffee hot .
 I almost knew this thing was going to be a hunk of crap from some of the reviews ... but I figured I would see for myself . Yeah , this thing does n't even keep liquid in a mug luke warm . It is junk . At least Amazon 's return policy is 100 % good-to-go .
 I bought one of these for me , one for my wife . Neither kept the coffee warm-hot ; more like lukewarm-tepid . Worse than that , they both cracked , after about 4 months . I 've always thrown one of them away . I 'm not impressed : -LRB- We 're looking for new ones .
 It does not keep coffee very warm.I can lay my hand on the warming plate with no discomfort.Hope that paints the picture you need .
 It does keep the mug warm . The coffee ? That 's a different story . My old warmer died after years of service . Apparently the lawyers became involved in the years between purchases . This warmer does n't do the job but it probably wo n't generate any accidental burn lawsuits . `` I need someone to protect me from all the measures they take in order to protect me . '' - Banksy , street artist .
 I 've read the reviews and disagree with most of them . The coffee will not stay hot , luke warm at best .
 I was hoping to find something that kept my coffee hot , but instead it just keeps it from getting cold . If I 'm down to about a half inch to an inch of coffee in my cup , it gets hot . I will continue in my search for a coffee warmer ...
 I was very disappointed with this . It barely keeps my mug of coffee warm - barely luke warm for that matter . I do n't recommend this product .
 Really wanted this to work , but sadly disappointed . Literally worked for about 5 minutes and then stopped heating altogether . How difficult can it be to make such a device that actually works ?
 I make a very large mug of Tea in the morning . By the time I finish it , it is usually cold . I bought this thinking that it would allow me to have hot tea all morning.When I first got it the heat output was not too bad , it would keep something warm but would n't heat up something cold . That is for the 2 days it worked . Thats right , it only took 2 days before it gave out . Now it does not heat up at all . I have learned my lesson , buy a thermos .
 I bought 3 of these and I threw them all away . Your coffee will stay hotter in a thermos than on this warmer . I think a light bulb would do a better job ! I wrote to Mr Coffee several times and never even had the courtesy of a reply .
 This warmer will NOT keep your coffee hot . Lukewarm is the best you can hope for and that is only when the cup is almost empty . Do n't waste your money on this . I 'm still looking for one like I used to have that actually kept the coffee steaming hot ...
 I know it 's called a beverage warmer , but it barely does that . I would n't recommend this at all . I had a cup warmer by Dazey -LRB- ca n't find it now -RRB- and it kept my drink HOT , as it should . I mean who wants a warm beverage , which this warmer barely does .
 If you like your coffee or tea luke warm -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- than maybe this is fine . I threw mine out .
 I WAS LOOKING FOR A BEVERAGE WARMER FOR MY HUSBAND . THIS ONE DOES NOT KEEP MY COFFEE HOT NOT EVEN WARM . I HAVE ONE WITH A CERAMIC BASE THAT I HAVE HAD FOR FIVE YEARS , SO I AM LOOKING FOR ONE OF THOSE . DO N'T PAY GOOD MONEY FOR THIS PRODUCT.THE NAME MR. COFFEE JUST WO N'T WORK ON THIS ITEM .
 Do n't buy this product . It keeps the liquid only tepid , not warm at all . The cozy warmer is much better as it keeps liquids warm . I bought this one because the on and off switch was easily accessible . Big mistake .
 This thing needs a High Med Low setting cause the only setting it has is Low . I made a cup of really nice organic Japanese Shade grown tea -LRB- $ 40 an ounce -RRB- and asked my wife to bring me an ice cube to warm it up after it had been on the heater for 10 minutes . The pad gets pretty hot , but not near hot enough to keep a cup of coffee hot . After something has been sitting on it for about 10 - 15 minutes you can gulp it with no fear of getting burnt . A Worthless piece of Crap . I will see if it works as a candle warmer .
 I recently purchased this mug warmer to keep my coffee warm while working at my desk . I plugged it in , turned it on and there was a * pop * sound , a spark , and then a little smoke . Nice idea and all but I 'll take the trek to my microwave over a fire hazard .
 I 'm very disappointed in this thing . I would say it needs an auto shut-off but it would be a waste of time and energy . This warmer keeps the bottom of the cup nice and warm but the liquid inside remains tepid . The warming surface is too small for my large , ceramic mug . The price was OK but I 'm shopping for another . My advice , do n't waste your money unless you want to warm anything larger than a demitasse .
 If you like your coffee at perfect drinking temperature -- DO N'T BUY THIS . It 's got a cord on it long enough to reach from one room to the next , but barely warms the cup at all . The base is also too small for most mugs .
 This `` Mug Warmer '' did not work very well . The warmer turned on , heating surface got hot , but did not create enough heat to keep my coffee hotter then lukewarm . Additionally , I had to down size from a Mug -LRB- Starbucks '92 Chicago Skyline -RRB- to a cup -LRB- blue -RRB- since my favorite mug would n't fit on the heating surface.I normally heat my mug in the microwave , fill 3/4 full with tap water , set on high for 2 minutes , 3 in the winter . Then dispense right into the cup from the Keurig which is set to 192 degrees , 10oz of liquid . In this case , I drank half and left the cup on the warmer.Upon my return , 30-40 minutes later , the coffee was not cold but saying it was warm would been an overstatement.I would have expected a little better from a Mr. Coffee branded Coffee `` Mug '' Warmer . On the other hand it was only $ 9 . Get what you pay for , but I returned mine .
 I find this cup warmer only keeps my coffee lukewarm at most even starting with hot coffee . I work at the computer and when I stop to reach for my cup , I want hot coffee , so it was definitely a disappointment .
 The Mr. Coffee warmer does not produce enough heat to keep a beverage in a typical coffee mug warm . The wattage should be higher . In addition , earlier models had a somewhat higher wattage and an automatic shutoff if the cup was not lifted from the warmer for a period of time , approximately 10 minutes . When the cup was lifted , the timer would reset . Also , when the cup was lifted , the warmer would shut off until the cup was replaced on the warmer . The current model does not have either of these safety features . Once you turn the warmer on , it stays on until turned off with the manual switch on the warmer -LRB- if you remember to turn it off -RRB- .
 I searched and searched for a cup warmer . I was excited to find and purchase this product . It worked for about a week and then died .
 This desktop warmer worked great for one week . It kept my coffee at a nice temperature . However , after one week of use , it quit working completely .
 If you want your beverage to remain as hot as when you poured it into the cup , look elsewhere . The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer keeps hot coffee warm , not hot , even if it was too hot to drink when you initially poured it . If I do n't finish a cup within 15 minutes , the liquid steadily loses heat and settles in on a temperature in which I could bathe a newborn . In fact , I can lift the cup off the burner and hold it in my palm without burning my skin . I realize it 's winter , but it 's not like I can see frost on my breath in my house . I purchased two and neither meets my expectations , so if you like to drink your coffee hot , that almost-too-hot-but-just-right feeling on the lips , you will probably be disappointed.For coffee lovers who enjoy drinking less scorch-worthy brew , there are a few things you can do to help maintain reasonable warmth :1 -RRB- Preheat the mug warmer . It takes nearly a full minute for it to become warm to the touch . -LRB- Note that neither burner from the warmers I purchased ever got too hot to touch , and water drops flicked onto the surface evaporated without fanfare -- no sizzle there . -RRB- If you place your hot cup on a cold burner and then turn it on , your coffee loses heat for that minute . Obviously .2 -RRB- Temper your mug with boiling water so when you place it on the burner , is as hot as possible . If you pour coffee into cold ceramic , you might be disappointed with the temperature , especially as you get halfway through .3 -RRB- If you use cream or milk , consider preheating the dairy , as pouring cold into hot obviously drops the temperature , and you will be challenging the warmer even further . I do n't take my coffee with cream , but for my partner , I preheat the mug , add dairy , nuke for 10 seconds , place the mug on the warmer , and add hot coffee.When I do the prep work , my first cup is the best , and it stays the way I like it until I have consumed half . But that 's where the joy ends . I would think less volume would stay hotter , but that is n't the case here . No matter what , the coffee begins to cool the moment it is poured . Thus , I am still forced to drink more quickly than I would like.For my drinking pleasure -LRB- and less risk of fire hazard -RRB- , I will stick with theThermos -LRB- Nissan -RRB- 14-oz . Insulated Travel Mugfor coffee and theThermos -LRB- Nissan -RRB- 12-oz . Tea Tumbler with Infuserfor tea , both of which keep the liquid at * exactly * the same temperature at which it was poured . To be sure , an insulated mug is not the same experience as drinking from a ceramic cup , but I have been using the coffee travel mug daily for almost 8 years , and it keeps liquids * hot * for hours . -LRB- Plus , it has a carabiner on the handle , so I can clip it to my backpack and take it hiking and enjoy a piping hot cup of coffee on a cold , windy mountaintop . -RRB-
 I agree with the others who have said this does little or nothing to keep a drink warm . Lukewarm is at best , and you still have to continue to reheat a beverage if you want it to be anything close to warm or hot .
 I gave one of the mug warmers to a friend and was told by her that the hot drink in the cup was not kept hot while on the warmer when it was turned on . So I tried the other warmer that I kept and it too does not keep the drink hot even if I had mircowaved the drink in that warmed up cup . I tested the temperature of my old warmer and the surfaces of the two Mr. Coffee warmers and had a difference of 50-75 Degrees higher on my old warmer . I used a &#34; Deluxe Infrared Therometer w / Laser &#34; &#34; ATD - Advanced Tool Design &#34; Model ATD-701 . I used is tool for mechanic and truck driving to check temperatures on the equipment and any frozen food or other products to watch for temperature varies .
 I replaced an old Betty Crocker warmer due to age -LRB- 20 years -RRB- with this , ironically because I thought I may be pushing my luck with ancient wiring . The first time out of the gate , I left the house with the warmer on for hours ... the on/off indicator light is so dim I can only see the glow if I cup my hand over the light to shade it . Scared me enough to pull my old one back out , it has an automatic shutoff that would have prevented my potentially dangerous oversight . And warms better anyway !
 Simply put , it does not keep my beverage hot or very warm . I 've tried using different mugs and this thing is just not doing to the job . I read all the reviews before purchasing and gathered that I might have to try different mugs but that was not the case . The only reason I give it two stars is because it happens to keep my hot beverage warmer a bit longer -LRB- 3 mins maybe ? -RRB- than it would if I didnt have the warmer but in the end it cools down just the same . I would not purchase again .
 I have not experienced an even warm cup of tea let alone hot since using this product . I tried pre-heating it and still no results . Very disappointed . I positively do n't recommend this product .
 After the first use , unplugging the cable . while it was cooling down cracked voice raised then it 's not heating again .
 I RECEIVED AN ITEM THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN THROWN IN A DUMPSTER , AND SOLD TO ME AS A ACCEPTABLE WORKING ITEM , HMMM THEN WHEN BROUGHT TOO THEIR ATTENTION IT WAS BLAMED ON A NEW EMPLOYEE ERROR , CONVENIENT ! ? IT 'S QUITE A LENGTHY ORDEAL AND IM SURE ITS NOT A PRODUCT ISSUE IN ITSELF JUST A CASE OF POOR AND IGNORANT MANAGEMENT ... . I WILL NOT CONDACEND FURTHER BUT WILL DEFINITELLY NOT DEAL WITH WISEUP PRODUCTS EVER IN THE FUTURE AND SUGGEST YOU THINK TWICE BEFORE DOING SO ... BUYER BEWARE , !!!
 I think I paid $ 8 for this , so I figured for the price that I may as well try it . It 's pretty useless , unless you want to make the mug so hot that you burn your hand , it does n't heat the liquid inside . I used it once and threw it out and went back to my routine of letting my beverage get cold and then microwaving it .
 I just received this little mug warmer and was hoping my days of cold-too-soon coffee were behind me . Alas , that 's not the case . This unit barely does anything it seems . The bottom 1/8th of my mug stays warm , but the rest of it gets cold . The coffee may stay SLIGHTLY warm -LRB- a hair above tepid -RRB- for a bit longer than it used to , but it does n't keep it anywhere close to as warm as it is when it comes out of the pot -LRB- or spout , since I use a Keurig -RRB- . I have to put my hand very close to the burner - almost touching it - just to make sure it 's producing any heat at all . It gets two stars because at least it 's cheap . Definitely would n't recommend it , though .
 Only keeps coffee tepid at best . Actual element gets very hot ; it just does n't reach the coffee . Item is small enough to stay on the table . It makes an expensive coaster .
 I am very disappointed in the Mr. coffee cup warmer . My coffee is really hot when I first put it on however on theMr . Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmerin less than an hour the coffee is luke warm . I ca n't stand luke warm coffee so it is useless in my opinion . Do n't waste your money . Why ca n't they make a good coffee cup warmer ? I am still looking
 This is OK and looks nice but it does not keep the drinks terribly warm .
 Bought this for my wife to replace an old cup warmer she had that died . She was totally disappointed with the product . It was not effective at keeping coffee in her mug warm .
 I was a great fan of the Mr. Coffee MUG-ACTIVATED warmer . The ones I had finally gave out so I looked to buying more , and some for friends . I could find only the `` on/off switch '' warmer -LRB- although it was initially called `` mug-activated '' on the screen -RRB- so ordered 2 . As already stated , the coffee is kept only warm , and you definitely have to remember to turn OFF the warmer or you could return hours later and find it still ON , which could be a danger . I have been unable to find a mug-activated warmer , but continue the search because I do not believe this `` on/off switch '' is any good .
 I bought this over the lower priced version , based on reviews of people who were very happy with it . I was disappointed from day 1 . It actually arrived in the mail and looked as though it was a return from someone else , as the plastic was lightly scratched on the surface.I turned it on and used it with a cup of fresh HOT coffee and it only stayed at a WARM temperature . This only kept my coffee slightly warm , right about the temperature you would go refill your coffee because it 's getting cold.I will be returning this product .
 This mug warmer DOES NOT KEEP LIQUID HOT . I purchased this one to replace my old mug warmer that kept coffee at a perfect temperature . This mug warmer barely keeps the coffee lukewarm . Do n't waste your time or your money on this product .
 I am a little disappointed in the quality of the stainless on this product . I have an older 1 oz . version of this and it is really nice . The stainless looks like it is about to get rusty at any time if I do n't dry it immediately and thoroughly after every use . Compared to my little one , the shine factor is just not even there . I regret not buying one of these about 15 years ago when I got my small one .
 First off , I LOVE the coffee this machine makes , and the thermal carafe is GREAT -- no burnt coffee taste you get with the burner plate models . That said , I 've gone thru two of these coffee makers in 17 months and wo n't get another . With the first , after 6 months the pre-brew function timer stopped working . I did n't use it much , so decided to live without that . But 4 months later it stopped brewing entirely -- it would `` beep '' it was done , but no coffee had brewed :--LRB- It was replaced -- I had option of going with another brand/model but I stayed with this one , b/c , as said , I LOVE the coffee and the thermal carafe . Now replacement , after 4 months , stopped working . But this time I was there when it went bad -- was brewing a second pot of coffee and smoke started pouring out the top of the machine . It smelled like an electric fire . I turned it off , unplugged , and poured cold water in the back , just in case that would help . After that , it is dead -- I tried turning it on again to see what would happen -LRB- we really wanted coffee -RRB- , but it just `` beeped '' that it was done , with no brewing . I do n't know what burnt up , but I wo n't risk an electric fire with another one . I 'll miss the great coffee & the thermal carafe , so hope Cuisinart figures out the problem and fixes it for future models . A coffee pot at this price should last a few years at least .
 This machine is from hell - save your money.Every tenth brew the cap and filter misalign , causing messy overflow . One overflow leads to another because grounds get into the cap and clog it . Mine is in the trash and can not be incinerated too soon !
 I was looking for a coffee machine with a thermal caraffe . At first , the cofee was great . Then a couple of weeks later , coffee started to pour directly out of the machine onto the floor ! I thought maybe I had a bad machine , so I took it back to the store and exchanged it for a new one . A month later , same problem ! The coffee pours around the caraffe , not into it . I burned myself trying to clean it up , and it stained my nice kitchen floors . I 'm taking it back for a different brand coffee maker , I wo n't be fooled three times !
 This is the only 12-cup thermal carafe coffee maker I 've been able to find , and it 's at a decent price . So what 's the problem ? The machine is supremely finicky about
 Is there anything worse than to be up at 5am with your infant , waiting for your morning coffee to brew only to find it all over the counter , cabinets and floor ! What 's worse than having to clean an enormous , scalding hot mess ? -- > Having to do it first thing in the morning before your coffee !!! I 've owned this coffee maker for a year ... . Found out about this ` little ' design flaw early on . I know how to align and check everything and this still periodically happens . Nearly every time we have houseguests , if someone else makes the coffee , it happens to them ... poor things . Anyhow , there 's got ta be a better machine out there and I will find it . . I 'm not drinking my a.m. coffee at 3pm so this machine is NOT WORTH THE GIGANTIC pain in the a $ $ of cleaning the mess !
 They are good but it 's not a set of 8 just 4 ! So I was dissapointed because wanted to use all 8 and because of the price -LRB- twice more expensive that it seemed -RRB- .
 This thing does n't work at all - right out of the box ! Says to set to low temp for several minutes to begin ; 10 min later , not even warm.Description should indicate only way to get steam - for a second or two - is to mash the flimsy button on top , but then wait minute or two to get more . NO constant steam.Water reservoir would not detach to fill.Piece of cheap , worthless junk !
 Very cheaply/poorly made . Within two uses , water reservoir cap was broken . Could no longer use the steam as water leaked out . Would not recommend .
 I received one of these carafes for fathers day last year . After filling every first time you push the button to pour coffee . . it pops and blows coffee all over . I have found I have to hold a paper towel over the top to keep everything dry ! I have had bad luck with other Oggi coffee carafes too .
 This carafe does n't not keep the coffee hot or even warm for that matter more than an hour or so , and that is only when you preheat it and fill it full of coffee . Otherwise , you will have cold coffee in no time . It is impossible to keep clean even with a bottle brush . It 's stainless steel but the bottom is rusting -LRB- on the outside -RRB- and although its only 3-4 months old the lever in the lid has broken for no apparent reason . Move on to some other brand like Correlle . This one is a wast of money .
 I ordered these burgundy towels with ringe only to be dry cleand and not washable
 I bought this pillow after finding out a hotel I stayed in used the same . I do n't if it was the product I received but it was n't as comfortable as I remembered in the hotel and after few washes , the comfort level started to plunge as the feathers started to poke . I wo n't spend my money on this ever again !
 Followed the instructions on fluffing , still the pillow is terrible . Purchased a pair of down pillows from Sam 's for $ 16/pair , this horrific investment cost around $ 45 and I do n't use it at all . Stay away .
 This is n't even worth it for a basic collector . There is n't a temperature display , but the large problem here is that the temperature control switch offers NO range at all . You could for example set it to highest or lowest settings and get no difference AT All in actual temperature . Not only that but the temperature is too cold for red wine to be properly stored . I hate to be a perfectionist here but hey , is n't that why we buy these things in the first place ? I 've spoken with other former owners of this hassle of a cooler and heard the same review . The best part was when I called to tell Danby of the problem customer service told me the problem was an isolated problem they 've never had before and that the temperature should be able to be adjusted . SO I sent back and received another , then another . None of them ever got warmer -LRB- or colder -RRB- than 45 degrees and I have sent it back a final time . KEEP SHOPPING AROUND !
 Bought this unit From TheFactoryDepot via Amazon at the end of July 2010 , and it worked until late April 2011 -LRB- warranty is good until April 2012 -RRB- . When it ceased working , I visited the Danby website to find a service depot . Located one nearby , dropped off the unit . After a week went by , I was told the compressor had failed , and was directed -LRB- by the depot -RRB- to contact the seller for return/replacement . Called TheFactoryDepot and was told I need to contact the manufacturer . Called Danby , and they are closed on a Friday in anticipation of a Canadaian holiday -LRB- Victoria Day -RRB- on Monday . At this point , I am not optimistic about the outcome . Will post an update when I reach the end of this quest.UPDATE , June 7 , 2011
 Did a ton of research before purchasing a Danby wine cooler ... it stopped working after owning it 15 months ... just stopped for no reason at all . You are throwing your money away if you purchase this item .
 Looks great . Fits our space . Holds right number of bottles for us . But temperature either 40 or 60 degrees . Neither good for storing wine . Can not get the temperature we want . Would send it back . But major undertaking for me -- too heavy and bulky . Keeping as extra frig .
 This wine cooler is thermoelectric so it takes some time to cool 16 bottles that are inserted at room temp down to 55 degrees . The unit worked well and was relatively quiet when it was running . All you hear is a little fan running that cools the thermcooling fins on the back.HOWEVER-I bought this unit as a gift for my wife along with a two year warranty . Good thing to because one year and one week after purchase the unit died . Have been getting the runaround from Warrantech who do n't return calls and do n't really care that I have spent a month trying to get either this unit serviced or a replacement unit . I think that I will go with another brand when I buy my next one .
 After reading reviews about every small wine cellar offered through Amazon , I ordered this item , hoping it would work . It arrived damaged . The cellar was sent UPS in just its original box , no extra packing to protect it . The plastic around the door was cracked . The door was also hanging at an angle . I actually considered keeping it even with the damage so I plugged it in and tested the temperature with a refrigerator thermometer . No matter what setting I put it on , the temperature remained at a constant 42 degrees which is too cold for storing red or white wine . Amazon made the return easy . They sent UPS to my house to pick up the item . I was very discouraged about the idea of ordering again . I finally ordered a Magic Chef wine cellar through Home Depot . It arrived well packed and seems to be working just fine .
 I NEED MORE TIME TO EVALUATE THIS PRODUCT.I AM TRYING TO ADJUST THE TEMPERATURE.SUGGEST YOU SEND ME THIS REVIEW AT A LATER DATE .
 I was very happy to have found a manual Coffeemaker in white . I trusted the Bosch name but I was very disappointed in the longevity . After only 3 months of use it literally blew up .
 I bought this coffeemaker as a gift for my sister and was so embarrassed when she took it out of the box . First , the plastic top is extremely cheap and flimsy , and the whole thing broke off the first time we flipped it back . There was also a grey powder film over the whole appliance . Finally , it is just not good looking at all ... extremely cheap in appearance . It did not even make it to the countertop before we had it back in the box and on its way back to Amazon . I went with the Bosch on their reputation for the greatest dishwashers . Evidently , another company designs and manufacturers their small appliances . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!! Get the Braun KF550-BK AromaDeluxe instead !
 We bought this coffeemaker to replace a Melitta . This unit is much taller , barely fits under the cabinets in our kitchen . The carafe is a strange design , have to turn it almost upside down to get all the liquid out . The device that forces water through the filter is narrow , so when I tried to use my re-usable filter , most of the coffee did not even get wet and made a poor pot of coffee ; you have to use a paper filter . The dripper drips every time you take the pot off , even though it has a stopper device , which splashes and makes a mess . The mess is more evident because the coffeemaker is white . The coffee it makes is marginal , seems to take more coffee to make it ordinary strength . I would not recommend this coffeemaker .
 This machine looks good and made good coffee for about a year . The dripstop mechanism was very tempermental and did not always work well , causing big messes on the counter if we did not watch it carefully . However , that will no longer be a problem as the heating element died today . I have older coffee makers that still work after 20 years . This was a BIG disappointment .
 I purchased the Finlandia pattern a few years back and the set was made in England - and is very nice . I wanted to add a few small plates and the ones that were shipped last week were stamped `` Made in Columbia '' on the back . They are nothing like the original set - some of the pattern is missing some ink -LRB- the same on all the plates -RRB- and are faded . Also the plate sizes seem a bit bigger/thicker than my original set . I ca n't believe this company does not have any quality control and think this is acceptable ?!? I would only buy this china if I knew it was made in England ... I wish it was specified on the product description . I read about the Made in England vs. Columbia in the reviews of this product and thought I 'd take my chances . Well I lost - do n't order these dishes unless you can make sure they ARE NOT made in Columbia !!!!
 I purchased the Bosch TKA 2801 about two months ago and it 's been nothing but trouble . To begin with , it feels cheap , with plastic moving parts that feel like they 're about to fall off at any moment , and often do . But worse , unless one is very careful with the unit , more coffee will end up on your kitchen counter than in the carafe when the coffee is brewed . It 's no fun to clean that mess over and over . I called Bosch customer service and was treated very rudely , but after complaining I was referred to an outside service agent that has been quite pleasant to deal with so far . They 've offered to pay for me to ship the unit to them and they 're sending me a completely new unit . Hopefully the new one will function better , although I 'm not holding my breath given the poor design overall .
 This is a perfectly sized steamer for a pound of shrimp or veggies . The quality is good as well . I really thought I had a winner with this steamer . However , the steamer basket did not fit well into the lower pot -- seemed too big and sat up on an angle on one side . You 'd think quality control at the manufacturer would catch something like that . I promptly returned it for a refund .
 This steamer set is not worth the price . I read the negative reviews and assumed people were just picky , but that is not the case . I have used this steamer 2-3 times per day since it arrived . The quality is very low ; metal is thin and feels cheaply made . The lid cracks and pops as it heats up and cools down . The steamer is not small , but is n't as big as it looks in the picture . When I am steaming something , if I put the stove on high , water spits out from around the lid making a huge mess . I have to put the stove on medium-high , and set the lid on the edge to prevent it from spitting , which increases the cook time.If I could do it again , I would not purchase this item . I anticipate I will need to buy another steamer in 6 months or so and will spend a little more to get a better quality item.Update 1/2013
 I purchased this item last year and have used it about 5 times . While steaming some tamales last night , not only did the pot turn my oven covers completely black -LRB- currently soaking in baking soda and vinegar -RRB- but upon further review the bottom lip of the pot is completely separated from the remainder of the pot . What the heck ? I am going to throw this in the dumpster now . Unless you guys will refund me . * After posting this I got a positive email from the company . Thank you guys
 I received the item chipped and shorter than advertised . When I called the company I talked to Kristin that in a very short way told me that somebody would have emailed me with instructions . I called back on sept 16 2009 for the second time the same Kristin told me , kinda of rude `` I told you somebody will call you back '' . It 's been 1 month today , I paid them , they sent me a wrong defective item and no sign of any response so far .
 The filter works fine , and I was about to order another . I paid $ 5.75 for it 7 months ago , and now it is almost $ 30 . I mean we all expect to pay a little more when we buy items later on , but more than 5 times as much ?
 I purchased two of these filters severals months back . And am now seeking to replace my last filter . I agree , the filter does the job ; however , I did n't pay $ 30.00 per filter . Am now considering on trading out my Bosch for a bagless euro shark .
 We have Bosch vacuum for 9 years , and original turbo-brush finally broke . We ordered this brush and it 's not even close to the performance of the original . We have a dog and it 's now impossible to remove dog 's hair from the area rugs . I guess we have to buy a new vacuum now .
 These Microplane graters are wonderful , but I recommend the Professional versions instead . If you use your graters a lot , the plastic edges will eventually break , so spend the extra few dollars and get the steel edged Professional versions to start with . I just replaced two graters myself because they broke .
 Excellent grating surface . Plastic frame and handle came loose within a few months , then the plastic frame just came apart within a year.I 'll be going pro .
 Under the table surface , there are two factory-assembled bars used to connect the four legs . Clearly the bars on my table were misaligned , as they almost stick out of the table surface at one end -LRB- I will upload a photo for that -RRB- , and left no room for the legs . This rendered the whole table useless.It surprised me how such a defected part could get through the manufacturer 's quality control . You do n't need any fancy tool to discover it . Looking at it would suffice.Finally I chose to fix it myself . It was not very difficult for me , just taking off the 6 screws that hold the bars , realigning the bars to the correct position , and then put the screws back in again . The extra 20 minutes work was still worth it , comparing to repackaging the whole set , the hassle to ask for a return , plus shopping for another table.The quality of the table -LRB- other than the misaligned bars -RRB- is OK . That 's why I still give it two stars . But I would really hesitate to buy again from this manufacturer .
 It cooks rice well , but there is a glaring omission in its design
 I need to preface this review by saying that I never received myZojirushi NS-ZCC18 from Amazon . Twice they sent me the oldermodel , the NS-ZAC18 instead . All the while their website claimsthat they have plenty of inventory , and that it ships within24 hours . Repeated calls to Amazon get plenty of sympatheticresponses , but no action . THE BOTTOM LINE
 Took it out of the box . Read instructions . Added rice and water . Plugged it in . Greeted with a `` U01 '' staring at me from the display.Manual says `` breakdown '' Called customer service . Authorized dealers listed on a separate card . No dealers for Nevada -LRB- and many other states -RRB- . Instructions say unit must be packaged -LRB- certain way -RRB- and postage paid befor sending it in for repair.I 'll use my $ 10 pan for future rice cooks , and toss this $ 200 piece of junk in the trash bin . For this kind of price , they should drive to my home in a limo . I was very stupid to spend that kind of money on this rice cooker ... do n't you be .
 We purchased this microwave in October for $ 300 minus the $ 50 rebate . Panasonic denied our first rebate submission , claiming we 'd bought the wrong item . A phone call cleared up the misunderstanding and apparently our rebate is on its way . However , I 've since been told that rebate problems and denials are a common occurrence with Panasonic.The microwave has a nice appearance and functions well . However , there is a significant design flaw . You can not use the hood light as a nightlight or even keep it on for very long without heating up the inside of the microwave to the point where the internal fan comes on and the microwave will not turn on to cook . After the oven cools down , it seems to function normally . The first time this happened , the inside of the oven was so hot I thought it was a short circuit . For that reason , I do not recommend buying this appliance . I wonder if this is why the price has dropped dramatically ...
 My Panasonic over-the-range microwave only lasted 1.5 years before it died on me . Panasonic wanted me to uninstall it , bring it to them and pay too much to have it repaired . It was n't nearly as good as my GE over-the-range microwave which lasted more than 10 years !
 The first one we received was dead out of the box . It made a loud grinding and sounded like a fan hitting metal . We assumed this was due to shipping damage and received a replacement . The replacement worked fine for six months but suddenly the display panel would go blank and the clock would reset after a few minutes . The microwave has now ceased functioning altogether . The warranty states `` in-home '' service , but there are no local service facilities .
 I am shocked this company is even in business . I have never experienced such waste . I got the first shipment with a broken right arm facing . This looked like it was broken before it was packaged . I called , left my information and phone number and asked someone to call me back . A few days later , I called again , and discussed the order and what happened , and I asked what was going to be done . They shipped a new right arm facing , but apparently did n't call to let me know , or send an email . OK this is cool . I got the next shipment . It was the left and the right arm facing . So , I guess they have them warehoused in pairs . It was the wrong color . Also , the left arm facing of this one was broken . It appeared to be before packaging , also . So , now I have a left and a right arm facing different colors that are n't broken , and a left and right arm facing of different colors that are broken . So , I ca n't use any of these things . They wanted to ship me another left and right arm facing espresso because they do n't have any walnut in stock . This is probably what happened originally . They could have called to ask , so I do n't have this furniture laying all over the place . They would send me the walnut when it was available . I said `` are you kidding ? '' What would I do with three extra sets of futon arms . She said to throw them away . Really ? Really ? There is no drop off location I can take all of this . These people are nuts . I must wait a whole month to get the correct color . The customer service person sounds like she is hardly old enough to be working . This may be another part of the problem .
 I read those positive reviews here and bought this item 2 years ago . It worked pretty well at the beginning . Starting from about a year ago , it could n't keep the rice moistured for long . Now , it is no better than a 20 bucks rice cooker and I have to replace it .
 I bought this rice cooker 3 months ago and was very careful to only use the white spoon provided to remove rice/porridge . I only used soft cloth to wash the pan and no dishwasher.However , after 3 months of use , the pan is scratched pretty badly and the coating is coming off . Not sure if I can replace it .
 very easy overflow . it is not use friendly and have to clear outside very time you use it . Not good !
 The thing made great rice , including brown rice , but that turned out to be beside the point since it completely failed to function after a handful of uses .
 Everyone seems to have the same problem with this rice cooker . It just dies after 1-2 years . Ours is worthless now . Bought a simple one for $ 13 , works just as well . DO NOT BUY !!
 Bought this a year ago , after it done cook , when it keep warm for few hrs . It started to smell bad .
 I would of given it 0 stars because it died 14 months after I purchase it -LRB- right out of warranty -RRB- . I would have thought that for such an expensive product that would be more durable or have a longer warranty such as Cuisinarts 3 year warranty . I know that the main reason that people buyer this rice cooker is to make rice in it . But for $ 150 it really should have a slow cook and steaming function . You can buy a fuzzy logic rice cooker from Panasonic with both of these features for less and Panasonic rice cookers last a long time .
 I love the features of this rice cooker . It cooks and re-heat brown rice very well.I purchased the rice cooker last summer and have been used it every day . Yesterday , I noticed that two small spots on inner non-stick layer was chipped . The non-stick outer layer started to chip earlier . I can not believed it happened to this expensive rice cooker that is made in Japan .
 I am Asian , cook rice every day . I am very picky on the rice cooker that I use . I had thought that Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy would give me the best cooked rice . However , I am very dispointed . First , this rice cooker takes forever to cook . I mean twice longer than a regular simple rice cooker . Why ? Because it requires 120V while we all use 110V . I dont know why the manufactur does that since it sells to U.S. Second , the texture of the rice that it cooks tastes as good as a $ 30.00 rice cooker . Third , the cooker use battery . Battery will die . I regret I spent $ 150 on this rice cooker . I should have bought the most basic one , the one that causes about $ 90.00 . The store doesnt ' let me exchange either since I already used it . Well , I just have to live with it .
 We bought this rice cooker because everyone raved about it , but no one seems to have mentioned it 's one huge drawback
 I am Asian and I have had many rice cookers of all sizes and quality . I chose Zojirushi brand because of its known name and quality . However , I am surprisingly very disappointed with this rice cooker/warmer . It is actually the worst cooker that I have ever had . It is slow in making rice but the worse is that it ca n't keep rice warm in the warmer mode . Rice dries up within few hours and its dry as a corn flake by the next day . I am very disappointed and I would not recommend this product.I ordered and replaced inner lid set for my rice cooker -LRB- approximately $ 15 including shipping -RRB- which I ordered at Zojirushi website and it seems to be working better and keeping my rice warm and moist .
 I decided to purchased Zojirushi based on Amazon reviews . My wife is Japanese . She warned me that Zojirushi is actually not top brand for rice cooker in Japan ; she wanted Panasonic or Tiger brand . Well , hundreds of folks on Amazon can not be wrong , or can it?Poor decision . The rice is too dry and too hard . At first I fill the water to the line in the cooker , the rice is way too dry and and almost inedible . I confirmed using measuring cup that the water line in the cooker is correct , for both white and brown rice . I then added extra wafer , from 0.5 to 1 cup of water . The resulting rice is edible , but close to hard-medium . Surprisingly , the cooker will cook the rice with similar result regardless of how much extra water I add , up to 1 extra cup . If I added even more water , such as 1.25 to 1.5 cups more water than needed , then the rice becomes mush , as expected . I have tried different amount of water , regular vs soft cooking mode , soaking vs not soaking ; keep warm vs eating immediately . Does n't matter . Can not even get medium to soft rice , which is what we are used.We eat both medium grain white rice and medium grain brown rice . These are Japanese variety rice grown in California . They are very similar to rice served in Japanese restaurant and also used for sushi . We have being using Panasonic rice cooker for past 12 years . The nonstick coating is getting worn out , so we decided to buy new rice cooker . Again , I never have issue cooking any type of rice , short , medium , long grain , etc. . I can always adjust the water to get the right softness . But this Zojirushi seems that it is trying to be smarter . It tries to get consistent results even with varying water level . But that result is always toward hard side . There is no way to get medium to soft rice.We eat rice at least 5-6 days each week , so rice cooker is very important to us . Basically , we are going throw this $ 170 item away and buy new rice cooker . * Update 12/2012 * Contacted local Zojirushi service center . The service guy told me this model is very old and he was surprised they are still selling this unit as new . Well , I did n't know . Looking at Amazon reviews , the oldest review was in 2003 . So this model is around for 10 years . Have no idea whether that is good or bad . I doubt there is any breakthru technology in rice cooker , so I do n't think 10 year old model matters . Our old Panasonic worked great for more than 12 years.In any case , I shipped the unit to Zojirushi . They contact me to instruct me on how to use the different modes
 The rice cooker was wonderful when I first started using it . As time went by , it started spit dirty water unto the rice and is now usuable . I have grown up with zojirushi products since I was a baby and ate rice from it 2 out of 3 meals everyday . This rice cooker is crap and I am extremely disappointed , perhaps it is this particular model or the brand that has gone down in quality . I know is that I need to shell out some money to buy another rice cooker : -LRB-
 First off , we are an asian family and we cook rice everyday through the cooker or through a pot.This rice cooker was great for a month . The rice came out perfect and very soft and moist during that time . Now the cooker cooks the rice dry and hard like any other cheap rice cooker . Though we cleaned the lids and maintained it well , it 's like one of those cheap cookers now ; you just have to guess whether to add more or less water to get good rice.For the price , I expected more especially when you can get basically 5 or 6 decent cookers at Costco . In the end this machine will be like any other machine .
 This is 2nd one I had in 3 years , same model same problem started to show right after one year . Zojirushi customer service found all kind the excuses not willing to take care of it , they wanted me call service center , which they charging service fee $ 138 - up-front -LRB- about the same price for buy a new one -RRB- ... I will never buy Zojirushi again .
 About me
 I fell for these great reviews , but found out there is really nothing special about this rice cooker except for the price and the reviews to justify spending more for the same thing.After a couple of months of use , the inner pan peels off , had bad scratches . Talk about the worst customer service.I wish someone I 've read a more truthful review on this product prior to buying.Save your money .
 We purchased the acclaimed , top end NS-ZCC-10 Neuro fuzzy rice cooker . We expected perfect rice because after all it incorporates the latest software and heating technology . We are very disappointed . Rice is overcooked and clumpy . We 've tried to troubleshoot -LRB- more water , less water etc -RRB- , but you know , the bottom line is that this cooker does not deliver excellent rice . We got better results with our no-tech , aluminum $ 50 plug in rice cooker.Very disappointed . I do not recommend you spend your money on this product .
 Very expensive . Have to read the manual every time for it to work . Got a mind of it own . The lid has to washed every time and there is only one way to screw it back on . If you lose the encyclopedic manual , you are truly toasted . Do n't Buy !!! You can get this crap in Chinatown cheaper any way .
 Wow , after reading all the rave reviews here I expected a great rice cooker . It was anything but ... I suppose if I had an hour to wait for my rice it would 've proven to be the best rice . 40 minutes plus is the time stated by the directions , I figured cooking one cup would be less , but after 20 minutes the cooker had barely warmed up ... I quickly got my `` cheap '' Hamilton cooker -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- and voila , I had rice a few mintutes later.I 'm sure that for those with time or with the time to pre-set cooking time for completion , this is a great machine , but for those that just want to cook some rice quickly and have dinner , do n't waste your money . Will be sending this back asap .
 Have had for over 1 year - rice kept great at first for up to 3/4 days !!! But not sure what happened and the rice starts to Spoil if left overnight . Had it for about 2.5 years now and really upset about how many batches of rice I 've had to throw out . I tried cleaning it with bleach consistently to kill bacteria and that helps through one or two cycles but the same Problem comes up again and again . Does n't last for 15 years like old cooker my mom had that was probably a fraction of cost .
 Unless you have soemone at home to press it one hour before meal . Otherwise it takes at least 40 minutes to make rice ready . It is not good for both those couples without enough time for cooking . It take 1 hour and 30 minutes for stick rice . which is crazy for me ...
 Just a word of warning for those who are either 1 -RRB- wanting the quality the Japanese Zojirushi rice cooker is known for and/or 2 -RRB- wanting to purchase items not made in China . I sent this rice cooker back due to health concerns since this model was made in China , not Japan.China is known for such scandals as the Claire beauty and jewelry scandal -LRB- they knowingly used Cadmium - highly toxic metal - in the manufacturing of make up and jewelry for infants and girls sold through Wal-Mart -RRB- and the tainted milk incident -LRB- in which they knowingly poisoned at least 300 Chinese infants causing 6 deaths -RRB- . It is for these reasons , and so many others , that you should think twice before purchasing from China , most especially for cooking or personal care items . You simply can not trust what they are actually doing in the manufacturing process . Toxicity is a non-issue for them.When I received this Zojirushi MADE IN CHINA , I was not surprised that the entire unit felt like a knock-off . I have one of the larger Zojirushi 's with the inductions heating made in Japan , and I absolutely love it . You might as well by an Aroma for $ 30 bucks at Costco than by this mid range model - same quality -LRB- Aroma is actually a good deal for the price -RRB- . The induction heating systems are the only Zojirushi 's made in Japan , and it shows .
 I agree with all the positive reviews regarding the quality of the rice , but I have to give this rice cooker 2 stars on the basis of its poor quality of construction . We 've had this cooker for 5 months . The removable inner lid was recently dropped from a height of < 4feet . This short drop resulted in one of the tabs breaking off the inner lid . Since it was so new , I figured it would be under warranty , but Zojirushi said this was n't covered and I had to pay for a new part -LRB- $ 15 with slow shipping , 10 days -RRB- . I expected either better construction or better warranty coverage from a $ 155 rice cooker . -LRB- Now , effectively a $ 170 rice cooker for me -RRB- : -LRB-
 This item is not worth the money . It takes between 80 and 120 minutes to cook brown rice . My $ 49.00 Sunbeam steamer that I purchased 5 years ago cooks rice much better than the Zojirushi .
 Not worth the money . Takes between 80 and 100 minutes to cook rice . Panasonic Rice Cookers are much better at $ 49 .
 For the price , I expected this unit to last longer than my parents ' bigger and less expensive cooker -LRB- ca n't remember the brand of their rice cooker -- either Panasonic or National -RRB- which they 've used EVERYDAY for more than five years now , and it 's still going.My family did n't use this Zojirushi everyday -- but we were pretty close ! After about a year and a half , the rice does n't keep as well as it used to . It dries out faster and does n't cook as evenly as it did while it was under warranty.I noticed most -LRB- if not all -RRB- the positive reviews were posted after recent purchases . The handful of reviews from folks who have owned and used this item beyond warranty is n't as glowing . Please keep that in mind if you envision using this rice cooker for years to come .
 I was very happy with this rice cooker until the very fragile rubber grommet on the lid tore . They do not sell the part . Beware . It is great but it will not last long this feature makes it very very vulnerable . I had it for 10 months before the fragile grommet tore now it no longer makes good rice . The cost to repair it makes it useless because I would just have to repair it again in 10 months . This is not a rice maker for anyone who cooks a lot of rice it just wo n't last .
 We bought this 2.5 years ago . It was very good at the beginning . However , just after 2.5 years of light use , it is now toasted . The rice comes out sticky and lumpy and drys up in less than 12 hours . We thought Zojirushi stands for quality and durability . We made a big mistake .
 I finally bought what I thought was going to be a quality rice maker and was really excited about it . Probably used it around 40 times in 3 years maximum . It broke and according to them it is not the battery . Which Is ridiculous in itself that you have to replace after such a short time for such a high cost . I will think long and hard about purchasing any Zojirushi product again , specially after reading some excellent reviews on many other products that are substantially less . I am not going to fix this thing , just to have them look at it is going to cost me over $ 35.00 if I am lucky . I am just going to buy an inexpensive rice maker that the reviews say the rice does n't stick and then toss it if it breaks in 3 years and not be so irritated that it cost me so much money .
 Unfortunately we did n't get to use this as we fell for the old 120 volt appliance into a 240 volt supply . Blew the buggery out of it . Be warned that if you want to use it in Australia it is not dual voltage . A good thing to remember if buying other appliances from America .
 The instructions are the worst I have ever seen ! Right now I can not tell if the d@#$ thing is even cooking rice ! Buy one of the cheaper cookers and save yourself a lot of headaches !
 I have purchased three NS-ZAC10 cookers within the last year . Two are being used by daughters living near sea level . They work perfectly . I use mine mostly at an altitude of 3,000 ft and , at times , at an altitude of 7,500 ft. The cooker works only adequately at 3,000 ft and poorly at the higher altitude.I suspect something is wrong with the Fuzzi Logic programming , which should be able to sense the altitude by measuring the boiling point of water and extend cooking times accordingly . Fuzzi Logic is an incremental type of mathematical set theory in which the next step depends upon the success of the previous step . Not being able to cope with higher altitudes suggest a fault with the coding . And it spoils the general usefulness of the cooker.Personally , I would welcome information from Zojirushi regarding how to adapt the NS-ZAC10 to high altitude cooking -- if indeed that is possible . I have no idea how to contact them . They do n't appear to maintain a website.Unless you live at sea level , do n't waste your money . Buy a simple , inexpensive On/Off rice cooker where you can compensate for altitude by adding more liquid and extending the cooking time.On the other hand , if you live near sea level , this cooker works well .
 As nice as it looks , it was a disappointment . It does n't slope to make the water drain into the sink , the edge is so sharp it cut my finger and last but not least , that `` tire rubber '' smell has not left after multiple washings . I 've since been on the lookout for a better one .
 This product came with a disclaimer that it contained substances known by the state of California to cause cancer . This disclaimer was not mentioned in the description , or I would not have purchased it . This is one of the drawbacks of buying online , a way of buying that I generally enjoy and approve of .
 I was so disappointed , much too small , not as described . I did not believe this was to be a large .
 a 10 cent plastic item for $ 200gotta line up for that , gee.ordecimal points have be banned.hahaheheheheh
 The reception has not been very good . I am disappointed.May be it will help to move it around.I hope so .
 I ordered this item based on the five stars given by another purchaser . I have as yet to use it . I am basing this review on the quality of the piece.When shredding cabbage , one must realize that the cabbage will contain some moisture . There is no protective finish on this slicer to repel moisture or keep it in good order when cleaning with soap and water . Also , when I tried out the sliding box that holds the cabbage , there was an area that the box would not readily slide through . Upon further investigation I found the base of the slicer was warped , where two diagonally opposite sides were not on the same plane as the other two sides . In essence , it was a rocking horse.It seems to me that before this thing leaves the manufacturer , someone should be checking the product.Very poor workmanship and quality even though a close grained wood was used in its production.I am presently warping this thing in the opposite direction before I apply a clear epoxy paint finish .
 The statue pictured is not what the recipient got ! I wish that this company would show exactly what they are shipping , not what is pictured here . I will not order from this company again .
 The look of the machine looks beautiful & very well build . However , does n't work -LRB- DOA -RRB- . I 'm willing to exchange for another machine if it 's still in stock . Unfortunately , this is the last one . I 'm thankful that Amazon is willing to pay for return shipping .
 If you want to spend $ 53 for one tiny trash can then this is the deal for you . This product should have been sold as a 6 pack but unfortunately someone messed up when they entered this product for sale . Both Amazon and Geroy 's deny responsibility for the error and to date nothing has been changed . It was REALLY disappointing to get this in the mail & then have to turn around and return it . ALSO , you ca n't return this product without talking with someone at the amazon call center . This purchase was a huge WASTE OF TIME and I 'm disappointed that it 's still available .
 When I received this in the mail it did n't work . Upon further inspection , it looks like FansEdge sent me an already defective product because the product had batteries in it already , which it was not supposed to come with . I called them and they were supposed to send me a return label to send the product back and a refund . I am still waiting 3 weeks later for both of these and now have to work with my credit card company to contest payment . I would not order anything from FansEdge again .
 This just arrived and it 's some generic cheap knockoff
 THAT IS CORRECT ! After 2 years of light use , I noticed a pool of water on the counter around this miserable piece of garbage.WHY would a piece of STAINLESS steel develop a LEAK ? What nonsense.Get something else , anything !!
 - Not as pictured-Pour spout too wide-No lip on the pour spout -LRB- as pictured , there is one -RRB- - Milk runs down the pitcher at times since the spout is so wide .
 I 'm sure the pitcher is great and works fine . You ca n't really go wrong with a simple stainless steel pitcher . My concern is the main photo in the product description page . That photo is either of a different pitcher all together or it is photoshoped to appear taller than it actually is . Observe the user submitted photo I put in compared to the product photo . 2 stars for misrepresentation .
 Before you buy this , measure out 20 oz because it was way smaller than I thought it would be . Also , after washing this a few times , it developed a small spot of rust where the handle attaches to the pitcher . I thought stainless steel did not rust so I returned the pitcher .
 this clock looks pretty cool but the quality needs to be improved . it 's absolutely not worth of $ $ . i bought one with an AC adapter last year which cost me $ $ more . i like the LCD to constantly show the time at night so i did n't care the extra $ $ . it took a long time to receive the radio signal from Coloroda . but it was pretty easy setting the calendar , date , day , time and alarm . i was very happy about it until this February . the LCD suddenly went partially blank . i would n't even guess what time it was showing . i thought the batteries ran out so i replaced with a new pair . yet it still could n't display the time properly and the LCD turned totally blank in a day .
 The poster arrived quickly , but it was very poor quality . It was blurry and was obviously a photo of the real thing that was then blown up on a copy machine . I emailed the supplier multiple times with no response . I called and was given instructions on how to return the poster . Sent it back , but no credit to my account or acknowledgement . I finally gave up , which is what they probably expected . Wo n't do service with this supplier again .
 We used two units . They lasted 14 months each , then died . They were loud .
 Beware ... I bought 6 of these with the ridges on the lower part of the mug ... since I can not find replacement mugs for my original -LRB- 1999 -RRB- boscoware mugs with ridges on the sides ... I was SOO disappointed ... these tip over precariously , really bad design . . I got rid of all of them , and keep hoping BoscoWare will product the original design ... wider at the bottom , more stable , with ridges up the sides . . in great colors ... I wish I had bought 100 of them!But DO N'T get these ... you will regret it !
 It appears that there are fans of Roomba products however , iRobot definitely got ahead of itself with the introduction of this model . The scheduler is a great feature although programming it is rather clumsy in its design . The Intelli-bin feature does not live up to its name . It does not work . Either iRobot did not test it fully before release or it is plagued by manufacturing defects . To make matters worse , iRobot 's customer service is inexcusable . After several emails and lengthy waits on hold , I have yet to get a replacement or any kind of resolution . I 'm given a different answer each time I contact them and I never hear back from them when promised . My advice is save your money and avoid the frustration . If you 're still convinced you want one , wait until iRobot fixes this model and gets its act together .
 When I ordered this item , I first checked the customer reviews and they were positive ... so I ordered it . What I ordered and what actually came via mail were different ! I ordered an OLIVE GREEN poncho and I received a BROWN poncho !!! When I attempted to contact to company -LRB- SPAGHETTI WESSTERN COLLECTIBLES -RRB- , there was no number , no address , no e-mail !!! This company -LRB- SPAGHETTI WESTERN COLLECTIBLES -RRB- is NOT reliable !!! I wished to exchange this product but I got nothing but unavailability !!! DO N'T BUY FROM SPAGETTI WESTERN COLLECTIBLES !!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this after an informercial . My warrenty was for 3 years . Lucky for me , since 14 months after receiving the unit it died with no warning.The manufacture made me return it AT MY OWN EXPENSE and then they sent me a new unit . Took 2 months.Well , the new unit arrived 8 days ago . It died an hour ago . I called the customer service and refused to pay to send it back AGAIN.They ARE sending me out a new unit -LRB- again -RRB- , but it will take up to 10 business days to receive . They agreed to send a pre-paid shipping label this time too . -LRB- Could take a month though . -RRB- Meanwhile , I have nothing . After reading the reviews below , I could have kicked myself . I subscribe to the online version of Consumer Reports so did what another did ... looked it up . Consumer Reports says this Ionic Breeze only `` removes a few particles from the air '' , nothing else . They also did the test , as the infomercial showed , of putting the Breeze in an enclosed space with smoke and turned it on . It did NOT do what the infomercial said . It did not `` power through smoke '' . It did nothing.I am taking the advice of Consumer Reports . I am refunding my money on the Breeze and purchasing `` the high-scoring Friedrich C-90A and Whirlpool AP45030HO models '' which DOES work ... and work well.Avoid the Ionic Breeze unit , for the home AND/OR the car .
 I bought it , took it out of the box , plugged it in and turned it on . I was very happy ! At first . Then the thing stated to make hissing noises as if to indicate it was not happy . I turned it upside down as the instructions suggest to free debris from the wires . It went silent for a day or so . When the machine worked It was great , my home smelled fresh and clean - sort of the way my favorite shirt would smell after leaving it by a swimming pool all day in Palm Springs . Clean/nice smell . The bad news ; just after the warrenty expired the thing just died ! This consumer was NOT happy with the `` ionic breeze . '' I have no Ions nor breezes just a worthless piece of plastic sitting on my living room floor . My opinion would be they 're too fragile or poorly made just now . DO N'T WAISTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY .
 The machine was great while it worked . Just after the warranty expired my `` Ionic Breeze '' completely stopped working . For -LSB- the price -RSB- I expected quality !
 I bought this item through Amazon . If you sit next to it you can tell by the smell that it 's working slightly . But , it is n't real abundant and it wears out quickly . It 's not as powerful as they claim . I would have bought a different cleaner and actually am looking for a different one to replace this one . I need something stronger . My room is only 10 X 10 that it is in ... hardly can tell it works .
 We sent this unit out for testing at a leading test lab and they found that it would only be able to clean a very small closet - that is if you are looking to remove airborne particles like dust , smoke or pollen . It could help somewhat with odors due to the ionization process but that is very difficult to measure.I found more specific testing information at the -LSB- ... -RSB-
 How do people say this works ? I would say this picks up 1/10 of 1 % particles ... at the most candle soot ! I have owned mine for 1.5 years.Save your hard earned cash and seek other filters with Hepa.My opinion applies to all ionic breeze filters
 I bought this sharper image Ionic 3.0 at another store , -LRB- not at Amazon -RRB- , for my son 's room who is two and half years old.I already have a Honeywell air purifier , which cost $ 150 that works great . I review this product here so other parents can protect their children from this product.Amazon have other great air purifiers in their web site.I wanted something smaller and more quieter for my son 's room . I turned on that air purifier for about 30 minutes before we go to bed , during that time we were in our living room . when we went back to the room we could not breath , my son started coughing and crying.This thing put out a dangerous smell of chemical . this smell is like mixing 2 different chemical such as : -LRB- bleach and ammonia -RRB- . we spent the entire night without sleeping ; my son spent the entire night crying and coughing . the next day , my son was still coughing.I believe this company should recall this product , because it is dangerous to people 's health.Please , do n't buy this air purifier . specially if you have children in the house .
 I bought my Ionic Breeye at Linens 'n Things . It does n't work . It turns on , the light lights up , I feel a light breeze coming out ... but it does n't clean the air . My home does n't smell any different or fresher ... Total waste of money . I am returning this unit . All this excitement for nothing !
 In early December I ordered products from Sharper Image as Christmas gifts . Half of my order did not arrive and I never received notice as to why . Turns out I had to call them to find out the items were on backorder . I finally cancelled the order and a month and a half later THEY STILL HAVE N'T REFUNDED ME!Do yourself a favor do n't buy from these guys they 're comepletely disorganized .
 I agree that longevity is not in the design specs . I bought one and it worked for less than a year , got a replacement , and that one died even sooner . Did n't bother to replace that one . I also had two of the mini ones that plug into the outlet and have a light . One still working after quite a few years , the other , dead . 1 out of 4 is not very good . One note - it does seem to take odors out of the air . I have 4 cats and I think it helped somewhat , but not at the price they want for them . I would give $ 30 for a floor model if I thought it would keep running . As for cleaning the air - I do n't think so .
 According to Consumer Reports tests , the Sharper Image Ionic cleaners do not clean the air .
 Electrostatically removing particles works okay , but it requires a fan to move air over the grille . As others have mention consumer reports tested this product at it removed almost nothing from the air . It rated the lowest out of all the air cleaners they tested.So do n't waste your money on this product . If you want an electrostatic air cleaner find one with a fan . Before you buy you should really go read the online Consumer Reports report because a lot of air cleaners do n't work very well .
 I really should have looked up people 's reviews prior to purchasing this unit . Mine just stopped working . I cleaned out the inside with air , I 've been cleaning the insert all along and it just stopped ! What a waste of money . Have n't tried to talk to Sharper Image about it yet but I 'm not hopeful .
 I bought this product to have a small coffee pot in the office . However , when brewing , this pot somehow always gets significant amounts of coffee grounds into the pot , regardless of how the filter is arranged . Total waste of money , I 'll be throwing this away and buying another .
 I bought this coffee pot for my mom for Christmas because she has one just like it from the 80 's but it looks awful , this is the 2nd mr coffee 4 cup pot that I bought for her and they both do n't heat water hot enough to brew the coffee , the coffee always turns out weak tasting , she tried using a dark roast and still no flavor , never will I buy me coffee again
 I 've had the Mr. Coffee 4-cup switch -LRB- ? -RRB- coffee maker for about a month , using it once or twice daily . The spring-loaded valve that enables `` Stop-n-Pour '' has fallen out 6 times . The plastic O-ring on the valve is beginning to break down . The pot is very difficult to put into or take out of the unit , requiring two hands . The pot leaks coffee onto the counter during the first pour , no matter how it is done . When the pot is taken out of the unit , coffee drips onto the heater plate , resulting in a scorched-coffee smell . It 's hard to imagine how such a design failure made it into production . At $ 19.99 , this is overpriced by about $ 19.98 . A terrible piece of kitchen equipment .
 I am a modest coffee drinker . I drink 4 cups a day , and I require little of a coffeemaker other than an on/off button . My last perfectly servicable Mr. Coffee 4-cup machine bit the dust , so I replaced it with this one , because at least I could re-use the carafe.Well , the internal design guys have been at the guts of this one . First , you can no longer remove , rinse and/or wipe down the internal chamber condensation from your last pot . You have to insert a papertowel into the new internal resevoir , scraping your hand on some internal parts that probably were n't meant to be messed with . They have likewise redesigned the basket , and it barely fits the standard coffee filters anymore , without crinkling and leaving grounds in your pot , and , hey , the internal water resevoir , where it has no business backwashing anyway . And god forbid you should try to make 5 cups in your 4-cup machine , for which there is plenty of room in the carafe , and in the resevoir , and which works well in many other 4-cup machines . My coffee maker lives on top of my microwave on a little shelf , by the toaster oven , because I have no counterspace for it . I have to lift it out some 10 inches , fill it up , insert the basket , and put it back on the microwave to process . I have mastered the art of moving a fully water loaded machine the little bit required . This one sloshes water everywhere . From the top of the machine ? No ! There 's an engineered HOLE in the back of the reservoir to keep you from overfilling the chamber that last little bit . Water fountains everywhere from the center back part of the machine . I suppose I could put a piece of duct tape over it , but who wants duct tape in their coffee . Good God.I will be replacing my machine shortly , then gleefully smashing my carafes on the driveway .
 I am a modest coffee drinker . I drink 4 cups a day , and I require little of a coffeemaker other than an on/off button . My last perfectly servicable Mr. Coffee 4-cup machine bit the dust , so I replaced it with this one , because at least I could re-use the carafe.Well , the internal design guys have been at the guts of this one . First , you can no longer remove , rinse and/or wipe down the internal chamber condensation from your last pot . You have to insert a papertowel into the new internal resevoir , scraping your hand on some internal parts that probably were n't meant to be messed with . They have likewise redesigned the basket , and it barely fits the standard coffee filters anymore , without crinkling and leaving grounds in your pot , and , hey , the internal water resevoir , where it has no business backwashing anyway . And god forbid you should try to make 5 cups in your 4-cup machine , for which there is plenty of room in the carafe , and in the resevoir , and which works well in many other 4-cup machines . My coffee maker lives on top of my microwave on a little shelf , by the toaster oven , because I have no counterspace for it . I have to lift it out some 10 inches , fill it up , insert the basket , and put it back on the microwave to process . I have mastered the art of moving a fully water loaded machine the little bit required . This one sloshes water everywhere . From the top of the machine ? No ! There 's an engineered HOLE in the back of the reservoir to keep you from overfilling the chamber that last little bit . Water fountains everywhere from the center back part of the machine . I suppose I could put a piece of duct tape over it , but who wants duct tape in their coffee . Good God.I will be replacing my machine shortly , then gleefully smashing my carafes on the driveway .
 You will hate yourself in the morning if you buy this Mr. Coffee coffeemaker . IT LEAKS - HORRIBLY!One full cup of water runs out of the base of the coffeemaker onto your counter top and down the front of the cabinet . I purchased two of these coffeemakers , one for my son and one for me . They both leaked . I threw mine in the trash and replaced it with a Cuisinart . Save yourself some grief - do n't buy this coffeemaker .
 I am a modest coffee drinker . I drink 4 cups a day , and I require little of a coffeemaker other than an on/off button . My last perfectly servicable Mr. Coffee 4-cup machine bit the dust , so I replaced it with this one , because at least I could re-use the carafe.Well , the internal design guys have been at the guts of this one . First , you can no longer remove , rinse and/or wipe down the internal chamber condensation from your last pot . You have to insert a papertowel into the new internal resevoir , scraping your hand on some internal parts that probably were n't meant to be messed with . They have likewise redesigned the basket , and it barely fits the standard coffee filters anymore , without crinkling and leaving grounds in your pot , and , hey , the internal water resevoir , where it has no business backwashing anyway . And god forbid you should try to make 5 cups in your 4-cup machine , for which there is plenty of room in the carafe , and in the resevoir , and which works well in many other 4-cup machines . My coffee maker lives on top of my microwave on a little shelf , by the toaster oven , because I have no counterspace for it . I have to lift it out some 10 inches , fill it up , insert the basket , and put it back on the microwave to process . I have mastered the art of moving a fully water loaded machine the little bit required . This one sloshes water everywhere . From the top of the machine ? No ! There 's an engineered HOLE in the back of the reservoir to keep you from overfilling the chamber that last little bit . Water fountains everywhere from the center back part of the machine . I suppose I could put a piece of duct tape over it , but who wants duct tape in their coffee . Good God.I will be replacing my machine shortly , then gleefully smashing my carafes on the driveway .
 Two years ago , I brought it and like it . I drink coffee in the morning , so only used it only once a day . Few month after I brought it , its heat plate started growing rusty . I continuely used it for additional six month when the 50 % heat plate was rusted . I thought it was an incidence , so I threw it away and brought the same model again . Nine month late , 20 % heat plate is rusted ... . This time I do n't think it is a incidence again .
 How weird ! This ca n't vacuum at the same time as it sprays or steams!I bought this as a clean-up tool , hoping it would replace my disintegrating Bissell spot `` steam cleaner '' that has served to clean up after many puppy errors and coffee spills , but was never all that sturdy and is now mechanically near end-of-life . So I saw this and thought , it looks stronger , it actually plugs in and heats the water to make real steam , and probably will hold up better . That part is all true ; the problem is the people who designed it seemed to think you should spray the surface with water for a while and then run the vacuum ... . DUMB ! Not only that , the sprayer mostly makes a little pt.pt.pt.pt sound and spits a little , taking forever to get the surface wet . Then it 's all soaked in before you can flip the switch to the vacuum setting.SO I have used it to stem a couple of spots from furniture , but it 's completely useless for its stated and intended purpose.Please , America , why ca n't you build us a good , simple , spot cleaner ?
 There is n't very much steam , very little pressure , and it is n't very hot . The steam does n't even come out in a single stream
 I bought this product thinking that for the price it would work wonders - boy was I wrong !!!! Sharper image claims that the steam option alone on the machine takes stains out of your carpet - you do n't have to resort to carpet shampoos - what a joke !!! I have tried to get out an assortment of stains from my carpet , from dirt to wine , and I am disapointed every time ! I have had cheaper steamers that did a better job then this product . The only thing that does work on this item is it 's vacuum power .
 I want to cancel this order before it ships . I think I would perfer to buy new . Please cancel order asap
 I was disappointed in this item the color was faded along all four corners and it did not seem well crafted . I bought this item as a gift but I did not give it away . Now I am stuck with it .
 I bought this for my brother who is an architect . I thought the picture was really cute . I was really disappointed with this when I got it . It 's made of hard plastic and there is a weight inside that bangs around when you move it . Completely not what I expected .
 Beware ... I bought 6 of these with the ridges on the lower part of the mug ... since I can not find replacement mugs for my original -LRB- 1999 -RRB- boscoware mugs with ridges on the sides ... I was SOO disappointed ... these tip over precariously , really bad design . . I got rid of all of them , and keep hoping BoscoWare will product the original design ... wider at the bottom , more stable , with ridges up the sides . . in great colors ... I wish I had bought 100 of them!But DO N'T get these ... you will regret it !
 After reading the two reviews , I purchased it and was I ever disappointed ! It 's nothing more than an overpriced , lightweight plastic trash can with a poorly designed plastic can crusher on top . A horrible value and wish I had not purchased .
 This chef coat is very , very large -LRB- I ordered a med . -RRB- if you are a ladies size 16 or larger this may fit you -- but the coat has no shaping whatsoever -- so you will look like a big marshmallow -LRB- mine is white -RRB- -- also , where the collar meets at the neck has a very large space -- which is not traditional and looks very odd . The fabric quality is OK , which for the price is not so great . Perhaps this was cut for men , but the buttons and fabric would make it too girly . This coat design needs to be amended and shaped and the overlap -LRB- where the buttons cross over -RRB- needs to be re-thought as the fabric hangs down and bunches under the coat -- so the bottom hem is not ` clean ' -- it needs a button underneeth or something to stop that from happening .
 I am a little disappointed in the quality of the stainless on this product . I have an older 1 oz . version of this and it is really nice . The stainless looks like it is about to get rusty at any time if I do n't dry it immediately and thoroughly after every use . Compared to my little one , the shine factor is just not even there . I regret not buying one of these about 15 years ago when I got my small one .
 I am a little disappointed in the quality of the stainless on this product . I have an older 1 oz . version of this and it is really nice . The stainless looks like it is about to get rusty at any time if I do n't dry it immediately and thoroughly after every use . Compared to my little one , the shine factor is just not even there . I regret not buying one of these about 15 years ago when I got my small one .
 This bed is very cute ! But the sides do not come up high enough , to at act as side rails . But high enough to cause injury when rolling around in the bed , as my toddlers do . But , your toddler will love it ... and you 'll need to buy a new bed soon .
 I bought these beds for my twin 2 year olds . They look great and yes they are durable but they are dangerous . The wood frame is not rounded off and if they fall on to them they will hurt themselves . My kids like most roll around all the time as well and I constantly hear their heads and body banging into the wood . I do n't understand why someone would make a product geared towards little children but not make them safe . The frame absolutely should be rounded off not sharp as it is . I am moving on and buying plastic car beds for them so that way they do fall or hit themeselves on it the outcome wo n't be so severe . I wish I would have known this when I purchased them . I thought you should know before buying .
 Very cool looking bed , son saw it and was ecstatic . Instructions included were nearly worthless , multiple screws literally broke when screwing the bed ; once FINALLY together , attempted to move it and the screwed in back fell off . The wood quality is similar to cardboard , not even as good of quality as cheap plywood . I will be returning this bed as soon as I can get it taken apart and back in the box .
 My 3-year-old son loves his bed . It is sturdy and attractive . However , as other reviewers have noted , the sides and foot of the bed have edges that vary from sharp to very sharp . My son has injured himself twice , once getting a rather large cut and goose egg on his forehead , and once getting a fat bloody lip . It would be just as easy to round the edges or apply a soft molding . I ca n't understand why this was n't done . Until the design is changed , I would not recommend this bed for this reason .
 I bought this bed an year ago but after the second night he slept on it I decided it was not safe for him.The bed is way too small for a toddler specially if he moves a lot during sleep.The sides of the bed are very hard and he can hurt his arms on even his head if he bangs on either side of the bed.I am wondering if this bed even follow Association 's standards for safety.My advise
 The slots for shoes are too close . You ca n't put more than 3 pair on each tier .
 I thought this thing was great when I first bought it ... then I used it for a few months . The stem now always lilts to one side , so that it leans against the wall of my closet , or toward the door . It also does n't turn easily after a while . This is just one of those crap pieces that works out of the box , but was n't built to last . Buyers beware !
 I recently bought this shoe rack for my husband but after hanging the shoes , the rack started to wobble . It is not standing as it should , I have to rest it against the wall
 Product was not good . The handle ripped off within 5 minutes of a product test drive -LRB- which entailed rotating the hand on top to make a `` revolving shoe tree a reality '' . -RRB- All the pieces were there in the box . But when we put the tree together we put the shoes on and it seemed to hold shoes relatively well , and seemed stable . But when we excessively used the handle to rotate the tree -- this seemed ideal because the motion produced by the handle up toward the top seemed to replicate the same motion of a lighted desert case similar to what you could find at your local diner -- Not long after using the handle up on top did it snap off ; leaving us with feelings of being ripped off and of buying a relatively cheap product . 35 dollars for a standing shoe tree seems moderately priced , but after it breaking only after 5 minutes of usage , seems to me that the handle is there only to simulate some abstract weird functionality that was not deemed to be used to rotate . Not all of the shoe `` branches '' were occupied with shoes , so the amount of weight put onto the handle was not much at all . If you want a standing tree that holds shoes . This is a great buy .
 I bought one of these shoe racks and some of the parts were made out of plastic . My rack lasted about two months before it bagan to fall apart . The stem , shoe holders , bottom and handle were chrome metal , but the spacers between tiers that keep your rack from wobbling were plastic and broke off . I just threw mine in the trash . I wear a women 's size 9-1/2 to 10 and could not fit 6 shoes on each tier . I also had problems with the distance between tiers . Some of my shoes hung too low and kept me from adding shoes underneath . This rack may be better made than mine , but you need to check it out .
 I loved the idea of having all my shoes on a tree that I could spin around , but the end result was messy . It was weird having the soles of my shoes facing outwards . Wherever I put the tree seemed like a dirty place . I replaced the tree with drop-front clear plastic shoe boxes that I love .
 I purchased the item as a gift for my wife . It seemed really good and sturdy when I took it out of the box . When I assembled it -LRB- which was very easy -RRB- I found that there was no bracket for one connecting section . The item is very unstable and has fallen over and broken apart several times . I have no response from the supplier on getting a new clamp .
 I purchased the 3 tier and 4 tier to organize the family shoes . the 3 tier is WONDERFUL - works fine - the 4 tier leans to one side and I am afraid of it falling over . - I am going to return it and get another 3 tier .
 product cheaply constructed vs. price paid . not real sturdy , wobbly especially on carpet . DOES NOT fit 24 pairs of shoes unless you have real small feet . it does fit 4 pair per row for 6ft . size 11 man and same amount for size 9 women
 Not sure why people like this product ... I can not get it to not wobble.Maybe it 's just me and I did n't put it together well ...
 this is a good chart with good design . but one major problem ... the chart is printed on three boards . however , with the fabrics in between the boards , the measurements end up being off !!! so your child will be measured a fraciton of an inch short ! i am going to try to return it . if not , then i will need to tape the boards CLOSER together .
 I received the dishes to find that although they are the same style & design as my collection , they are lighter in color and lighter in weight , slightly smaller dinner plate and manufactured in a different country than my orignal 8 pc set that I purchased locally . I received the dishes with two broken cups and one broken dinner plate . I was truely disappointed , but decided not to return them as I felt I would just receive a similar product . I will ask more questions the next time I order additional pc for my set .
 Took this out of the box , plugged it in , and waited 45 minutes for it to heat up enough to cook hot dogs . After this adventure , I put it back in the box and returned it for a refund . Find another brand , this one is worthless
 This item is really beautiful . When I recieved it I immediately plugged it in to try it out and it worked great . So I unplugged it and put it back into the box . The day I planned on using it to keep already cooked hot dogs warm and on display for customers at a charity event . Well it never heated up when I took it out of the box the second time . Too late to send it back so oh well I am stuck with it . It is really pretty but that is the extent of the functionality I have found for this product .
 I guess I was looking for a better result than I got . It did do the job and the hot dogs were adequate , but the buns were a different story -LRB- too dry and stale -RRB- .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift in 2011 . There are only 2 of us in the house.We have used it only 4 or 5 times . Today I went to use it and it will not heat up . What a waste of money
 Bought this item for my son for christmas , the rollers will not turn , looks like I wasted my money , buyer beware !
 This product looked good and has a very good idea going . However , my family got me this for Christmas so when football Sunday came around and we had a house full of folks , this little baby that was built in China really showed what it is all about ... NO ELECTRICAL POWER right out of the box ! Need I say more ? What a useless piece of junk , I would NOT reccomend anything from this manufacturer ... signed simply as Brenda 's husband !
 Only fit 4 hotdogs at a time !!! ... . . ... ... ... ...
 item shuts off before cooking correctly , 10 mins in bun warmer turns buns crunchy , item has been re-released so maybe that one is better .
 Got a replacement , and new unit works GREAT ! - Amazon wo n't let me change Stars , but I 'd change to 4.5 if I could . ! I purchased this after reading the reviews . I had no desire to use this for a party or large gathering , just one serving at a time -LRB- 4-8 dogs -RRB- . I tried it the day after it arrived and once since . The heating coils turn warm , but they do n't warm up enough to prevent touching them after an hour on MAX heat . We tried two batches , after 1 hour the dogs were warm , more than room temp , but thats it . Called the company , they said to return to Amazon , we probably have a defective unit .
 I was dispointed with the size of the creamer and sugar bowl . I was given another set -LRB- like this set -RRB- 3 years ago by my daughter for a birthday gift , she got it from the Betty Crocker web site . I was very please with it then as the bowl and creamer was a nice big size . as Betty Crocker no longer carries this line , I was pleased to find the set on Amazon.com . the picture was exactly like the set that I have.However This creamer and bowl that came with this set , looks like it was made for a child 's tea set , they are so tiny , neither one holds a halve cup of sugar or creamer . And the Sugar Bowl is oval not round as it was on the online picture . I was very dispointed - as I had planed on giving it as a wedding present to a frend 's daughter -LRB- who had liked the set each time I used it -RRB- . I ended up buying something else for her . Now the Butter dish and Gravy Boat are normal size and thats makes them look even more tiny . I 'll never buy this again
 As a previous reviewer stated , the creamer and sugar dish are of a ridiculously small size and are not the same as shown in the picture . One of the salt and pepper shakers was lopsided . The set is made in China and is worth $ 20 at best . I would be embarrassed to give this as a gift .
 This gravy bowl is pictured with a ladel . The reason I chose this item is because it came with a ladel . But , guess what , the picture is false advertising because it does not contain a ladel . Huge disappointment ! Why not just show a picture of the bowl without the ladel ???
 This item arrived promptly and in good condition . My teenage son assembled it in a couple of hours before I arrived home from work , so I gather that it went together easily enough . The cart , being real wood , looks quite nice , but the legs , top , etc. are pieced together from multiple pieces of wood , which raises some questions in my mind about strength and long-term durability . If only it had lasted that long ... After using the unit for less than a week , one of the casters disintegrated without warning -LRB- massive structural failure of the plastic housing -RRB- as I was pointing the cart in a different direction . We had a 27 '' CRT-based TV plus a DVD and VCR on the cart at the time , and luckily none of them fell off as the cart tipped sharply when the caster collapsed . Altogether it was about 100 lbs . of gear , but the cart is large enough that it should be designed to accommodate a significantly larger TV than the one we had on it.Comparing the casters on this cart with those on a smaller TV cart that we were replacing , I discovered that these were smaller and of lighter construction -- clearly undersized for this cart , which is a design flaw rather than a manufacturing problem . I drilled out the holes in the legs to accommodate the larger casters from the old cart -LRB- which we had used for a couple of years with the same TV/VCR/DVD setup -RRB- , so I 'm hopeful that if the legs themselves do n't give way , we 'll be able to get some use out of this unit after all.To summarize , I would recommend this unit only for light duty use with small TV 's .
 We have one of these at our shop , and nobody ever refills it . Why ? It requires a fairly complex set of steps compared to everytihng else on the market . You must first unlatch the locking mechanism , fold the arm out of the way -LRB- not intuitive at all -RRB- . Tried to find instructions for this online , so I could print them out to clear it up , but I ca n't find anything . Terrible holder , I 'd rather have a homemade piece of wood .
 I bought this clock to go in our kitchen . I wanted a clock with butterflies and they are difficult to find . I paid about $ 30 for it and I could have gotten a better quality clock at Target for $ 5 . The clock was poorly built , noisy , and we could see through the faceplate to underlying numbers that had nothing to do with the clock . The first clock I received stopped working after 24 hours . I emailed the company to request my money back . The owner of the company contacted us by phone and email to resolve the problem . We should have insisted on our money back but we thought the owner was being fair so we accepted the replacement . The replacement clock unsurprisingly was just as bad as the first and now we have it in our garage where we do n't care if it is poor quality . I wish the company had better quality clocks since the owner was obviously concerned about making his customers happy .
 I have a Farberware clad stainless 4 quart pan made in Italy . It is a beauty . I was expecting similar quality with the stainless copper clad . It was light weight . The core did not go up the side of the pan . I was dissapointed to say the least .
 I bought two sets of these glasses and so far , after only a few uses , two have broken . One in the dishwasher and one during hand washing . Perhaps the glasses I have were defective , but be forewarned that these are very fragile . That said , I do have other Riedel O -LRB- Merlot -RRB- and H2O -LRB- water/juice -RRB- glasses , and I 've not had this same problem with those .
 My husband and I are Riedel fans and have lots of their stemware and smaller glasses . But this was a miss for us.Clunky shape and not easy to drink out of . Not a great design.Stick with their old standards !
 You sent too many glasses which was not what I wanted . Thanks for your time . This is just to add words to the note .
 product was packed poorly resulting in a tiny chip on rim of one glassr.b .
 This item arrived promptly and in good condition . My teenage son assembled it in a couple of hours before I arrived home from work , so I gather that it went together easily enough . The cart , being real wood , looks quite nice , but the legs , top , etc. are pieced together from multiple pieces of wood , which raises some questions in my mind about strength and long-term durability . If only it had lasted that long ... After using the unit for less than a week , one of the casters disintegrated without warning -LRB- massive structural failure of the plastic housing -RRB- as I was pointing the cart in a different direction . We had a 27 '' CRT-based TV plus a DVD and VCR on the cart at the time , and luckily none of them fell off as the cart tipped sharply when the caster collapsed . Altogether it was about 100 lbs . of gear , but the cart is large enough that it should be designed to accommodate a significantly larger TV than the one we had on it.Comparing the casters on this cart with those on a smaller TV cart that we were replacing , I discovered that these were smaller and of lighter construction -- clearly undersized for this cart , which is a design flaw rather than a manufacturing problem . I drilled out the holes in the legs to accommodate the larger casters from the old cart -LRB- which we had used for a couple of years with the same TV/VCR/DVD setup -RRB- , so I 'm hopeful that if the legs themselves do n't give way , we 'll be able to get some use out of this unit after all.To summarize , I would recommend this unit only for light duty use with small TV 's .
 If you like scrapping food out of the bottom of a frying pan then this is the one to buy ! Adding oil or cooking sprays did not help , even bacon slices stick to this pan ! I finally gave up and purchased a professional non stick frying pan and love it . This pan is going in my next garage sale !
 I know it does n't say non-stick but I ordered this late at night and the picture looks like non-stick . It then cost me shipping both ways to return it when the Amazon customer service person said it would n't .
 cooked 5 times in this pan and 5 times ive burned food . no luck with this pan . but it does clean up well
 If you purchase Millennium products by Farberware do not count on getting any satisfaction if you need to use the warranty . I sent in three pieces 5 months ago for what I was told was a 6-8 week process -- I 'm still waiting , and every time I call I get a different line -- they are either incompetent or lying , or both . Decent products , unacceptable customer service -- buyer beware !
 Says ` ships in 24 hours ' - my order 's been in the queue for a month , including 2 weeks while this product has said ` ships in 24 hours . ' Might be a good product - just do n't order it if you 're in any kind of rush .
 The pan steams perfectly , however the design of the handles is bad . You HAVE to both , use two hands and use a pot holder or towel to grab the handles . This is because they get as hot as the pan . The same goes for the handles on the steamer ... they get wicked hot . There is no insulation in the handles . Will never buy a pot with similar design again .
 At first glance this is a product that looks well made . Looking closely on the inside of the lower pot , I saw what looked like several heat stains on the bottom of the pot . I also noticed that one of the black handles was loose . The Steamer does the job very well but as I used it over time , I noticed that the heat stains -LRB- heat stains or whatever they were caused by -RRB- were getting more pronounced and more were appearing . It looks like the steel is peeling ??? It 's happening on the sides of the inside of the pot as well as the inside bottom . I did some searching about Farberware on line and found hundreds of product complaints about the failure of many products . Farberware is no longer produced in the USA ... it 's made in China . I ca n't understand how a brand that was known for its fine quality can watch its reputation erode from unbelievably bad manufacturing defects . I 'm not going to list all the horror stories about handles falling off teapots filled with boiling water when lifted off the stove and other product disasters . Before you buy any Farberware products from anyone , I suggest that you do an online search about Farberware 's current quality . I certainly would like to return the product to Farberware but there is no way to get satisfaction or repair or help ... read for yourself .
 The steamer stack does not sit properly on the pot , and lets the steam out.Because of this it doesnt actually steam the food properly and eventually the water will run dry.Don ' t buy it .
 I was so dissapointed when I receive this saucepot . So smaller . I do not know what I can do with this steamer . You can only steam one egg each time . It does not worth this price.Moreover , be careful of the handle . It will become very hot during cook .
 This product that was so lauded in reviews is the biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased . Farberware is maybe O.K. for a dorm room ; but for a serious home cook , this is just junk .
 The product is very poorly made . tried steaming some veggies and observed that steam escapes from the sides and hence the justification why many users gave poor reviews and warning about hot handles . do not recommend this product . Suprised to see A company very well known for quality products can make something very slimy .
 It 's described as `` stainless steel '' , but brand new , the bottom had marks that looked like hard water stains . I managed to get them out with vinegar and water , but it has been picking up stains ever since , including fingerprints on the outside , which soap and water wo n't remove , more hard water stains , and heavy marks at the water line . The pot has always been hand washed and dried.Worse , the plastic handles melt and bubble , giving off that nauseating burning plastic smell . As a steamer , one would think it would be designed to withstand high heat . One handle came loose after a few uses . It is easily screwed back on , but I think it 's just more evidence of shoddy workmanship.Overall this is a very cheap pot in feel and construction . Pot is made in China . Perhaps there are quality control issues , and I just got a bad one , though I am guessing the handles are the same on all of them .
 I agree this is a solid cookware . But it is so hot on the handles everytime I try to remove it from the stove . I believe they can do something about the design of the handles . BTW , my hands are not so sensitive to heat normally . But this is super hot beyond my tolerance .
 I guess I 'll start by saying that I do n't understand all of the good reviews for this thing . I absolutely hate it . I used to own a vegetable steamer , but my roommate needed it back . It was a very simple design
 If you purchase Millennium products by Farberware do not count on getting any satisfaction if you need to use the warranty . I sent in three pieces 5 months ago for what I was told was a 6-8 week process -- I 'm still waiting , and every time I call I get a different line -- they are either incompetent or lying , or both . Decent products , unacceptable customer service -- buyer beware !
 I really liked the looks of the Farberware Millenium series . I even bought both sets . My wife let our 3qt sauce pan boil dry and the aluminum melted out between the stainless and copper bottom . I thought no big deal ; we will just purchase the individual pan to replace it . Farberware wo n't do this and unfortunately you have to buy the whole set . I even shipped it to them to see if they would replace it under warranty or in good faith . I had no such luck , they shipped it right back . I will never buy anything Farberware again !
 I am so disappointed that this tote carries Lodge 's name and is made in China that I will be sending it back . First of all the Lodge tripod does not come with a tote , so you have to order it separately . I bought the Bayou Classic tripod and it came with a tote bag . I buy Lodge cast iron because it is American made . If the add for the tote clearly stated that the tote was made in China I would not have bought it . Now that I have received it I am sending it back . Very disappointing . No doubt , this is the best tripod tote bag that Chinese child prison labor can produce , but I 'll buy American .
 I believe this is not real 18/10 stainless steel it claims to be . It does not have this impressed on the bottom . And the overall quality is poor . I bought this sauce pan on Jan 22 , and the handle is not as firmly attached anymore as it used to be . Sad . For 25 bucks that is not acceptable .
 I bought this saucepan just over a year ago here on Amazon and the bottom coating seems to be peeling off ... I notice another reviewer has commented on this and I have to agree that this is a problem . The question is , `` is it a health problem '' and I do n't know the answer to that , but I ca n't in good faith recommend this Farberware saucepan .
 has anybody else noticed that when the pots are wet and wiped with a paper towel , a black residue appears on the paper towel ? It 's possible that this problem may have been caused by my dishwasher , but that 's not supposed to be a problem with Farberware . I ca n't use these pots .
 I was given one of these sets as a gift . Nothing like the Farberware of 20 years ago . The original sets would last a lifetime , these appear cheaply made and nowhere near as substantial . I do n't think they 'll last . Fit and finish not as good as the original Farberware . Another great American brand trashed by Asian junk merchants . Save your money and look for new old stock on Ebay , but be sure to buy made in US only .
 We have a large set of this , from about 20 years ago . It is in excellent condition , and we acquired it new , not as a hand-me-down . That said , we have never really liked it . The quality of the saucepans is merely adequate if you are reheating soup , preparing pudding , or boiling eggs or such , and the large dutch ovens are okay for boiling pasta or making clear soups.FORGET frying in the frying pans , or sauteing in any of the saucepans.You need to use an incredible amount of oil or butter to avoid having food stick mercilessly to the frying pans , which is most unhealthy , and a mess to have to clean . Even in the saucepans , the slightest burning at the bottom makes the food stick , and again , clean-up a real nuisance . Food scorches easily in any of these pots.The cooking surface of the pots is just too thin ... We cook a lot , and really well , and this Farberware set just does n't measure up to other pieces we have acquired over the years . We only use the saucpans for light reheating ... the multiple large frying pans sit unused.If the newer copies of the originals are not even up to par with the ones we own , I would definitely pass.Unless you need this as a starter set , to save money and get a lot of pots and pans for not much money , PASS THIS SET BY.Another suggestion
 I bought the Farberware 13 piece set after reading previews from other customers , with great hopes that I will get good performance . Unfortunately , on the first use itself , the 2 qt sauce pans were permanently tainted so that the inside and outside walls have a warped look as though the steel is burnt and the metal has lost its shape . Very difficult to describe unless I post a picture of the pan along with this review . Overall , I feel very disapponted with the quality of this cookware . Looks like I will have to shell out hundreds of dollars to buy the more expensive brands such as Calphalon or All-Clad .
 I have the old Farberware , and they where good , last for everever ... Since Farberware was sold out to a out of the Usa Co. this new cookware is thin and not as good , so now Farberware makes a new type that weights a ton , has this very heavy bottom I think its cast iron with stainless over it , Makes you think your getting quality of the old Farberwear , but your not . . I also `` do n't '' think this is the New heavy type of Farberwear , just the junky cheap one , they are trying to get rid of ! ... I bought Calphalon Commercial Nonstick , and Omg , what a difference . . Calphalon commerical is real quality , not this cheap stuff . . If you keep looking at the Calphalon on Amazon you can find some great buys when something new comes out ... I just bought the 6qt braiser Calphalon Commercial nonstick , for $ 39.99 one week , then week 1/2 later it was $ 89.99 , Now another week later think its up to $ $ 99.99 ... You have to be fast with Amason , but it pays off for the good stuff ... Also last year I bought a Calphalon commercial pan with stainless lid for $ 31.99 , now I see it for $ 160.00 to $ 162.00
 Unbelievable - the set does not contain a lid for the 8 '' frying pan .
 This stuff is so stinking light-weight that I did not even bother testing it in my kitchen !!! Once again , maybe O.K. for the dorm , but let 's be serious ... nobody in their right mind would use this on a daily basis !!!
 This is really good cookware . It is heavy enough , heats evenly and is simply beautiful to look at . If you 're considering an affordable set that really works , you wo n't be disappointed with Farberware .
 This company was bought out several years ago by a Far East company . The quality is not the same ; the warranty is worthless ; the 18/10 gauge steel is not truly 18/10 guage and the handles are made of cheap plastic . If one takes the time to look at the positive reviews , most of them are from people who have the original sets manufactured ten to twenty years ago . The company no longer exists , and its successor makes cheap knockoffs of the original . Do not waste your money
 I purchased the non-stick set a few years ago . Within a year , the nonstick finish was wearing off . I worked a long time on getting this problem taken care of - seems Farberware was bought by another company a few years back , and no one wanted to take responsibility -LRB- a LIFETIME GUARANTEE -RRB- for my falling-apart cookware . Finally , they said they would resurface my pans . I sent them all -LRB- $ 25 in shipping ! -RRB- in to a company in Pennsylvania ... who had them for SIX MONTHS !!!!! They would n't return calls , they totally disregarded my plea 's for information about my cookware , they did n't care . I had to buy a couple of peices of inexpensive cookware , just so I could put meals on the table . I thought it would possibly take 3 to 4 weeks , but they kept me hanging the whole time . Finally , after I waited for those 6 months , my cookware arrived , without my large frying pan . Of course , 3 weeks of phone calls back to them , got me no where . I still do n't have my pan . That was 2 years ago , and the nonstick surface of the resurfaced pans are wearing off again.My advice would be to never buy nonstick surfaces from Farberware . Actually , I would never buy ANY Farberware . They may be `` classic '' but they do n't stand behind their products.All-Clad ... all the way !!
 After 2nd or 3rd usage , inside of the pots started to tarnished -LRB- not a food stain -RRB- . Now the food cooked using these tarnished pots are tasting bit bitter -LRB- metallic taste -RRB- . Very poor quality product .
 The quality of this set is very poor , especially the non stick pans . I have to exchange it because of one of the non stick pans came with scratched coating . However , the new package also has one non-stick pan scratched . VERY FRAUSTRATED .
 The lid from the smallest sauce pan was missing . I called and asked if they could send the missing piece . Instead of making it simple , they said I 'd have to send the whole thing back to them . Because of this , I asked for a refund . The pans themselves also do n't look nearly as good as they do in the photo . The lesson here is to not buy items like this online . Your best bet is going to a store and seeing what you are going to buy in person beforehand . Also , if you run into any problems , it 's less of a hassle to take care of .
 I 'm a little disappointed with the 6 qt . pot from Farberware as the inside bottom is showing signs of rust ! I just got this pan recently and have only used it a few times , I also noticed it 's not made in the USA , so maybe inferior metal is being used . In the future I will think twice about buying from this brand again .
 I purchased this from renovaters supply in March 2005 . The rod itself is made of solid brass tubing which is why I purchased this . However , the wall of the tubing is made from incredibly thin brass and will bend if you hang a wet towel on it . The chrome plating is also of poor quality . For $ 100 , you would think this would be top quality . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 I was excited to get these , and I loved them for a day , but then they kept breaking one after the other . If I left them on a cup for a long time -LRB- or sometimes just a short time -RRB- , they would eventually just pop off at the seam . And now I feel bad that I 'm tossing all this worthless plastic into the garbage where they will be leaching plastic yuckiness into the landfill for years to come . Love the idea , but they are poorly made . Skip them !!
 Although a cute addition to the party , they did n't last long . After stretching over a can or bottle for 2 days of our 4 day weekend party , some of them fell apart . I like the idea and needed something like this for a large group .
 Like others have stated , these break easily . Snap at the seam after a bit on a standard beer bottle . If they make it through a couple parties , the next time you use them they 're brittle and fall apart before you get them on the bottle.We did have a lot of fun with these the first day . We 'd purchased a couple of different sets and had them in a basket for people to pick out which drunken-alter-ego they were . Went over well . Just broke before the night was over.Could be a lot of fun if the material was different .
 I ordered this product because I have several Farberware pans and they have maintained their quality after several years . However , after only one use , this saucepan had several pits in the bottom . I only boiled pasta in it so nothing could have scorched in it . I thought it only needed to be scoured , but discovered that the metal was pitted . I would not recommend this item . Disappointed .
 As a cooking pot it is fine , but ever since I got it , I 've had to tighten the handle every two weeks . I even put a drop of super glue in the hole before tightening it , but it still came loose after a while . Oh well , you win some you lose some .
 While I agree this pan is good looking , it 's not good cooking ! Takes a long time to heat up and bottom does not heat evenly . If I 'd known Farberware had changed their `` classic '' pan , I would n't have bought it . My advice -- look for another brand .
 The product arrived on time and looked great but rust spots started to show on the inside bottom after just a few times of boiling water .
 I 've had this pan for 16 months now . Only used it 8 or 9 times.no problems . All of a sudden it develops a hole in the bottom.Now it 's useless.Still looks new , but useless.Pan sucks .
 As I said in the previous review , I thought that even though the pan was stainless steal it was a darker color . I was a little disappointed
 Handles fall off with long use , they do n't cook evenly . Never buying faberware again .
 The pot is perfect for me . Cleans well and just the right size . Stores well in my cabinet . Would buy it again .
 I had a farbaerware saucepan for 41 years . It received frequent use and was a great product . I finally decided to replace it . The new saucepan is already pitted inside and the lip around the ouside edge is impossible to clean . The bottom of the pot has scratched the top of my stove . I really wish I had n't disposed of the old one . This one belongs in the trash .
 the product was delivered badly damaged . in contacting the issuing company they had no correspondance with their delivery company and therefore had no idea when the new table was being delivered and when the damaged table was being picked up . Multiple emails and phone calls did not help the situation as the delivery company continued to attempt delivery on days that we were not notified and did not notify the issuing company . The final decision was to cancel the order -LRB- a month later -RRB- and we do not have a table . Restockit seems fine . . however their ability to communicate with their delivery service is subpar . Because of the lack of correspondance between the delivery company and restockit the only time restockit called or emailed us was when we initiated the correspondance . After a final telephone/email conversation restockit submitted an immediate credit to my credit card . unfortunately due to their shipping company i would not do buisness with them again .
 good pan , just hope you do n't need the lifetime warranty . this complaint is not pan specific . If you have read the tons of consumer complaints against Meyer corp you will see that they do NOT honor there lifetime warranty on the non stick surface . I had my pan for 2 years and the surface stopped working . we have never used the pan in the oven , nor put it in the dish washer and we do n't even own anything but plastic pan utensils . all of which makes our pan a perfect candidate to be replaced . according to the website , you do n't need an RMA or anything just UPS the pan . well i did . the UPS tracking shows them getting it some 4 months ago and no word from them . after checking around on line , this is typical of them . save your $ 10 in UPS shipping and buy a different brand . vote with your dollar and spend it else ware .
 Like the others have said , we bought this in hopes of replacing my mom 's old Farberware frying pan -LRB- loose handle -RRB- but when we received it , it was smaller . Deeper but smaller . Had to return it , wish Farberware would not call this their `` classic '' since it 's obviously not .
 I owned a Farberware 10 '' skillet already . It was made years ago and I needed to replace it because of a loose handle that constantly needed tightening . I was very happy to find this product on the internet , with a lid . I could not find a 10 '' skillet with a lid in any store.After my husband opened this present for Christmas , he said it was smaller than our older skillet . I asked , `` How could that be ? I ordered a 10 '' skillet ? `` We took out the tape measure . This skillet is a full 1/2 '' less in diameter than our older Farberware 10 '' skillet . I guess you can not trust what is written on the box ? Farberware must not care that their quality control -LRB- as the merchandise is made overseas -RRB- , is non-existant ? I gave it two stars because I do not like deceptive advertising of a product . It seems well made , but it is NOT 10 '' . I 've lost faith in what is claimed on packaging . Bummer . I 'll probably let Farberware know what I think .
 The lid on the Farberware Classic 10 inch Frypan does NOT interchange with the lid on the Farberware Vintage 10 inch Frypan . I was planning on being able to interchange the lids on the new Classic Series and the old Vintage Series Frypan because they are both listed as 10 inch , but , it does not interchange -- since when is `` 10 inch '' not really `` 10 Inch '' . The new classic series lid is a smaller diameter than the old vintage series lid . Extremely unhappy about this . Will probably not buy any Farberware products from Amazon again !!
 If you THOUGHT that Farberware made good quality cookware , you are wrong . They used to . But now they 've cut corners and are creating such low quality cookware that it 's actually a safety issue . And JUST TRY to contact Customer Support , Feedback , or even try and find the President of the company ! You 'll find `` shell corportations '' / licensing companies and TONS OF COMPLAINTS on various state Departments of Consumer Affairs websites.I tried contacting them to report a serious problem with the new cookware that I 've added to my collection -LRB- a 93/4 '' fry pan & a 63/4 '' sauce pot -RRB- . On both the part where the handle connects to the metal cookware is now manufactured HALF AS DEEP as their older products . The screw holding them together loosens up with just a single use . You 'll need to keep a Phillips Head screwdriver at the ready to tighten the handle each time you use the pot !!! Without putting too fine a point on it , please note that the pot - by definition - usually contains scalding hot liquids , so you sure do n't want an extremely wobbly handle while you 're using the cookware !! I tried to contact Farberware to report this , and to see if they had a `` work around '' in place , like maybe longer screws ! Farberware 's own Website is so obstructive , and impossible to use that it can only be a deliberate attempt to disavow product warranties and to wall themselves off from actual customer feedback . You find yourself in a loop that does not allow input . And there is no other way on their site to contact them except by clicking on the `` Contact Us '' which only sends you annoying emails back with non-functional links ! Doing D&B ; research I found that the current holder of the Farberware license is MEYER CORPORATION U.S. and their President 's name , so I 'm going to follow up with POST MAIL.But I first wanted to warn you ! I 've always found Amazon 's product reviews to be EXTREMELY helpful and have positively guided a lot of my own buying decisions . Unfortunately , I had not checked product reviews before buying the two new pots because of my prior good experience with the quality of Farberware products . So live and learn . I 've also learned that TRUE high quality alternatives to Farberware are Creuset , Lodge , and the dutch oven from the Mario Battlia line . AVOID FARBERWARE LIKE THE PLAGUE ! - alana
 The frypan as a frypan was an excellent piece of cookware , but even though I never put it in an oven over 300 degrees , the handle on mine broke in half when I lifted it out of the oven full of food .
 The lid on the new classic series pot does not fit on the Farberware Vintage series pot , even though the size is listed as being the same . The lid on the new classic series 2 quart pot is a smaller diameter than the vintage series 2 quart pot . I was planning on being able to interchange the lids on either pot , but , that can not happen . Very disappointing !!!
 I have a 40 year old set of Farberware aluminum clad over stainless and accidentally burnt one 2 qt pot . Tried to replace it with this all stainless pot but after one use of heating soup and cleaning and drying by hand , the inside bottom of the pot is all discolored and looks like mottled rust and blue and orange stains . Contacted Farberware and they said I had to use special cleaners everytime I use this pot to scrub the inside discoloring away . Too much work . Will order aluminum clad next time .
 I tought that even though they were stainless steal the the color was darker than silver.I was a little disappointed
 This pan leaks dark soot like material from beneath the upper lip of the pan every time I use it . Even worse , the seal between the pan proper and its bottom is evidently not sealed because other stuff leaks out of it , going upward on the pan ; it is very difficult to even clean it off ; consequently , I used this pan a few times and now it just sits unused , making me think I may never buy another Farberware -- despite the fact that my previous pan similar to this one lasted through 56 years of marriage . Yes , it was a wedding present and used several times a week .
 product was fine but it did not fit the bin size for my undercounter installation.I would reccommend more measurements before buying .
 We bought this blender/food processor combo last month and after about a week on the second use of the food processor , noticed that the plastic latches that hold the lid on the food processor were broken . Amazon happily replaced the appliance . However , when unpacking the new items , the bottom of the food processor mechanism came off . We 've promptly returned the second blender for a refund this time . I guess we 'll look for another kind/brand .
 I bought this pan because Consumer Reports gave it such high marks . The very first time I used it , my egg whites stuck to it . I used a plastic spatula as recommended as well . I 'll be getting my money back as it has a 60 day trial period .
 I would assume whoever packages these items , looks at them -- this should be a round pan -- not a dented pan . The box was not damaged , airpacks around the pan . Pan has a serious dent -- not a minor dent . Watch what you buy
 The pan is heavy and appears well made , but even cleaned per the directions it 's never had stellar non-stick performance . Because of it 's poor initial performance the first few times I used it , I have n't really used it enough to comment on durability . I do n't find it to be a very handy size , either , but I ca n't really fault the pan for that one . Overall , I 've had much better non-stick performance out of much less expensive pans .
 We purchased this because I wanted a whistling tea kettle . I am very disappointed because after only several months of occasional use , the whistle component has broken off and fallen out of the kettle . It can not be repaired.The look is sleek and the kettle opens automatically when you start to pour but this does not justify the cost , esp , when it does not last !! Find another kettle that costs less !
 This is a great kettle with one serious flaw . My kettle has started rusting inside the spout after 1 year . There is a lip where the spout joins the base and water is caught there after use .
 The second time that we used this pan with the lid , the lid shattered . The pan itself is quite functional but having the lid shatter the second time of use merits the rather poor rating .
 The glass lid shattered the first time we used the pan . I returned the lid to Anolon and was sent a replacement . Have not tested the new lid .
 I bought this pan with high expectations given the strong reviews from other customers but after a few months of use I am very disappointed . The pan takes several coats of oil to prevent food from sticking and now the non-stick surface is beginning to flake off . I always washed the pan by hand and never used anything other than plastic cooking utensils . The last non-stick pan I had was Kirkland brand and it lasted four years .
 I had this pan for several months and one day I noticed it developed a few scratches in the center . I did occasionally use metal utensils but was careful to not use anything sharp . I actually babied the pan . Regardless these pans are labeled as `` Metal Utensil Safe '' It is n't a cheap pan so I decide to go through the warranty process . I had to ship the pan back at my own expense and wait weeks for a replacement . To my surprise when I get the box back in the mail they sent me the same pan right back . I know the website states that scratches and misuse are not covered , however I asked a customer service agent prior to sending this back . She said that a scratch is fine since the product was labeled as Metal Utensil Safe . The package I received came with a letter stating that it was my fault that it was scratched and that it was not covered . So now I am out the price of the pan plus shipping . All I got from the women on the phone when I called and complained was a `` sorry about that '' . Forget this company . They wo n't honor their warranty and their quality is only average .
 This item is very overpriced . I ordered it because I wanted the very best , and I thought I would get what I paid for , but it is no different than other pans a half the price . Also , the information sheet that accompanied the pan had so many restrictions and warranty cop-outs that if followed would make the pan almost unusable .
 I was very disappointed in this saucepan . I was cooking macaroni with the pot only half full of water with the lid on , vents closed . The lid does not seal tightly so I expected some steam release . I left the pan for a few minutes and when I returned boiling water was seaping out around the lid down the sides and all over the whole ceramic stovetop . What a mess ! I have not experienced this with other pots . -LRB- Yes I know that if you fill a pot near the top you have to watch it closely , but this was only half full -RRB- . I probably would not buy again .
 You must be kidding me no matter how good the saucepan is . Amazon pricing policy can be very shady at best , look someplace else .
 Exactly what I wanted -- a well constructed nonstick saucepan . However , it was listed as suitable for induction cooktops and it did not work on mine .
 My roommate had one that was brand new in which I left water at a bowl in the pot for maybe 10 minutes and the water alone cooked away the protective layer inside the pot and stained it white . Since the pot was not mine I had to replace it at $ 60 . I would have never paid that much if it were for myself .
 I registered for two of these platters through amazon for our wedding . I received one for my bridal shower and what do you know ... . it is NOT the one i wanted - but a completely different platter ! the one i received has a wide rim and is a less elegant shape . it is exactly the one i did n't want - hence registering . This happened with the other wachtersbach products i registered for on amazon as well - not the same as the picture / description . BEWARE .
 Wrapping cloves in Tin Foil with some olive oil works much better , and you do n't have to soak the foil first or worry about the temperature cracking the foil if it gets to hot . Makes a nice storage container for garlic though .
 I had just received this Garlic roaster and could n't wait to try it . I followed the directions and instead of putting in in the microwave for 5-6 minutes , I put it in for only 4 minutes . The smoke started pouring out of the microwave vent and the entire head of garlic was coal black and the roaster was ruined . A friend told me to try only 11/2 minutes and , although the roaster now has a burnt smell , I tried it for that time only . The garlic turned out soft and usable , except I will now have to replace the roaster with a new one . Whoever wrote the directions could n't have been further off with the timing . Just be careful ! I would probably cut down the oven time to 30 minutes instead of the recommended time , also .
 I purchased this item after reading reviews . Using the directions for roasting in the microwave the garlic was burnt to a crisp , the smell lingered for days . I immediately threw this garlic roaster in the trash . I will use foil and bake in the oven . What a waste of money .
 The base is glazed . The cover is not and quickly becomes infused with oil which then turns rancid . The whole thing smells like death .
 I purchased this kettle because the color and design looked great . The first reviewer said it all - irritating and dangerous ! It chipped almost immediately , with careful use . It 's impossible to pour water , even if you let it sit for a few minutes after boiling -LRB- which I do with all kettles -RRB- , without dripping , spilling and spurting boiling water all over the place ! This kettle could not be cuter and I loved the idea of not having to touch the lid , but it was just a waste of money . I could n't use it , let alone allow my kids to boil water with it .
 Real rating -LRB- -5 -RRB- , do not buy this kettle . I bought this kettle for my elderly parents based on the automatic spout opening mechanism and its compact design . Very DANGEROUS for anyone , more so for the elderly or younger operators , pouring boiling water . The one thing you expect a teakettle to do is POUR THE WATER .
 They work well enough , but I realized some months after purchasing them that teflon -LRB- the nonstick coating -RRB- is a likely carcinogen , especially at high temps , which is exactly how you 'd be using it . Since this is still not 100 % proven -LRB- or that the truth is squelched -RRB- , it 's your judgement call about whether it is wise to use products with teflon .
 I must agree with the earlier reviewer.I bought this to replace an existing mug that had a tiny chip in it , so I was able to compare my original chipped mug with what I received from Amazon .1 -RRB- The first thing you notice is it is made in China . Lenox Butterfly Meadow pieces are normally adorned with small sticker saying made in Indonesia .2 -RRB- Second is the package this cup arrives in -- a small , generic brown cardboard box with no writing . Normally , Lenox Butterfly Meadow pieces have a beautiful Lenox cardboard box , with butterflies and flowers decorating it .3 -RRB- Third is there is NO literature in the box . Just the mug . Normally , you get two Lenox cards . One explaining that the Lenox product is microwave and dishwasher safe , along with the usual safety warnings . The second card is the Lenox registration card with the Lenox Lifetime Replacement Program . As I have indicated , the mug from China has no such cards .4 -RRB- If you look closely , you notice the colors on the butterflies and flowers and not exactly the same as what they should be . If you keep looking , you notice the ridge on the mugs top rim is much smoother that the one from Indonesia .5 -RRB- Is this a cheap knock-off ? Given the above , maybe.The mug is nice enough by itself , but it is not an exact match with the other five Butterfly Meadow Mugs in the set , which is a large part of its raison d'tre . So if you do n't require an exact match , there really is nothing wrong with the mug -- except you can not register it and join the replacement program . Otherwise , keep searching for the Indonesian version . Macys or online from Lenox would be good sources .
 I received other items from this company that were perfect . On the website it stated that these items were all first quality and from Indonesia . The other items I received matched my china perfectly . This one cup was different . Thicker and lower quality , colors did n't match . I looked at the box and this one item was from China . I called the company . They were great . Tried to find me a different cup and when they could n't sent me a return label and credited my account . The credit took some time to come through but finally did .
 I purchased 8 mugs from Fred Meyer in Eugene , Or . 1-2 years later all but 1 of the mugs are chipped . I would not purchase this product until the manufacturer improves the glaze . When the glaze chips off it takes a chunk out of the cup . At $ 8.99 per cup I am very disappointed .
 i loved the original poster i lost due to a move , i decieded to replace it and ordered this poster but when i recieved it it was NOT black and white but black and blue .
 I brought this product 7mths ago and it has been falling apart . Presently one of the legs of the chair has broke -LRB- crack into 2 piceces -RRB- . I would like to know how do I go about contact the manufacturer about this matter .
 I really expected a lot more from this set as it look really nice online , the table and chairs were damaged upon arrival , the chair leg is still broken because i can not get a replacement , and they are so wobbly , please save yourself the money and do not order this set
 I 've wanted one of these for years , and could never justify $ 80 for a waffle maker when I do n't make waffles every weekend . This seemed like the perfect buy . It 's half the price , but it still has the same manufacturers warranty according to the Amazon site ... and I 've used remanufactured products before with great success.Alas , it was not meant to be . The box arrived , and all appeared in decent condition . There was some scoring and scratching on some of the components , and it looked as though it had seen some use . I was a little confused as it 's supposed to be remanufactured , not simply ` used and cleaned . ' Another disappointment came with the warranty . The warranty is NOT the 1-Year that Amazon is advertising , but a 90-day remanufactured warranty from Waring . Seemed like the deal was getting worse all the time.The final kicker came when , after plugging in the item , I discovered that one of its important features , the cooking timer , is not functioning . My waffles came out burned if I just left them , waiting for some mythical beeping timer to go off , and if I kept checking them on and off to see if they were right , they never seemed to come out well . I called Waring to verify that this feature does indeed exist , as I was n't sure I 'd read it right in the manual , and they verified that yes , the product appears to be defective.Overall a wholly disappointing purchase that I 'd really had my heart set on . I shall attempt a replacement from Amazon , but with the quality of the first one , and the FAR more limited warranty than was advertised , I 'm more than a little wary . ----------- Edit : Okay . The second one has arrived with the exact same defect in the timer . I 'm sending it back . I really WANTED one , but Amazon wo n't replace it since I 've had two bad ones . I received a letter thanking me for pointing out the issue with the misrepresented 1-year warranty , but as I look at the site , it 's still printed as 1-year .
 I received a broken waffle maker . Sent it back , received another broken waffle maker . Both were broken due to poor packing . They both were broke in a place that could not be fixed to be operational.Save the headache and buy the newer Waring Pro PROFESSIONAL waffle maker with the fold down handle . If you shop around you can find one for about ten buck more than the remanufactured cleaper line for a much better waffle maker , and brand new ! Would NOT recommend rebuilt on this item . Would give ZERO stars not one ! Also bad customer service .
 I have used only an expresso maker for 15 years , and this one caused more headaches and grief in one week than my old Krups did in all those years . Water poured onto the counter , read and re-read the instructions - and I never did get one cup of coffee out of this machine .
 I ca n't understand why this unit is discontinued and no parts are available . It works great , looks great , and the price is competitive . The cover was slightly cracked when I recieved it as a result of being put in the packing box upside down . I 'm going to return it even though it still works . If the cover cracks further or the beater breaks I do n't want to wind up with an expensive piece of junk .
 Okay - I 've had this for a week and have used it maybe six times . I was totally disappointed by this tea kettle and am returning it today . I love Oxo , but this did not deliver . The handle pushes forward to open the spout , which is a strange way to do it . That movement seems to be what makes it feel very flimsy . The handle actually wiggles back and forth when you pick it up . It does n't appear to be broken . I think that is just the design . Both my husband and I are waiting for that handle to just fall off one day while we are pouring boiling water . Clearly we are n't waiting for that ! Too bad .
 Pros
 I bought this as one of my mom 's Christmas gifts . Within 2 days the spout cover -LRB- not sure if that is the proper name -RRB- was melting ! The tea kettle was barely used and was not burned or mistreated . Needless to say , I have returned this item for one without a plastic spout cover.Good luck if you actually buy this kettle ! I am shocked because OXO usually has great products !
 We will be looking forward to throwing it out because it gives off a nasty metallic taste after heating the water . We thought it was the tap water but it is indeed the kettle . It makes me pretty upset because my wife drinks a few cups of tea everyday and I dont know what kinds of metals/toxins she is ingesting . Please beware . We had a Zojirushi hot water pot that broke during our move across the country . Please check that out ... its the way to go although it costs $ 100 + . They are popular in Japan . We will be getting another one and forget about any kind of kettle from now on .
 Do n't buy this kettle . I bought one at a store about 8 months ago , and I use it almost every day . I do n't do anything careless like leave it on the burner or let it boil dry or anything . I noticed that a couple months ago the plastic spout cover began to melt around the edges and break off . This morning the whole thing cracked in half . I paid 30 bucks plus tax and now I have to go out and get a different kettle.They do n't make 'em like they used to .
 After just a couple months of use on a gas stove , the plastic cap over the pour spout melted . It eventually cracked and fell off . Guess you 're supposed to boil your water on a simmer .
 I like Fred 's products . They 're innovative and stylish for the kitchen.But this ? This is awful even as an overpriced slab of wood ! Might as well burn your own monograms/whatever into a piece of wood and sell it for half the price.Initially , this was mislabeled at a winestopper ... and even had a picture for a winestopper . I wanted the winestopper but Amazon sent me this waste of tree . After complaining , they still did not resolve the issue . Eventually , they corrected the listing and changed the picture for this item number.However if you notice in the `` Product Features '' , they still have '' * Modern Wine/Bottle Stopper . Keep your beverages sealed and fresh ! * plastic and silicone * 8.2 x 10.0 x 2.7 cm `` So at some point did they sell the winestopper or got confused ? -- And no , this is not a good cutting board . The shape is too long and narrow for most cooking jobs . Perhaps for fruit but money can be better spent on something else .
 The clock , display , and alarm features are all good . The radio , however , overrides these benefits with poor reception . All stations come in with static . So when you wake to radio at low volume levels , the static competes with your ability to enjoy music , news , or weather reports.I finally gave up and have replaced the unit with another manufacturer in the same price range . I will not have the smartset time , but I will be able to listen to the radio or news with clear reception .
 I ordered the Kiwi color which arrived looking faded and worn out just out of the box . Color does n't look anything like the photo . Not worth the money .
 I was very disappointed with this double boiler . I purchased one , used it twice , and on the second use , the lower handle simply snapped off as I tried to lift it off the counter . On closer inspection , it appears the handle is held on with four tiny rivets . One of the four was rusted , and the handle snapped right off , sending milk all over my kitchen . Even if it had n't been rusted , you can tell from looking at those rivets that the handle would n't have stood up to years of use . It 's just a shoddily made double boiler . Look elsewhere , is my advice .
 The very thin non-stick coating on the pot came off the first time I used it . I wrote the seller but got no response . I want a refund , but the product is not `` new '' anymore , and I tossed the box . My opinion is that the company ripped me off .
 This double boiler came out of the box just in time for christmas baking . I washed it and got it all ready . It is small but it worked for the purposes and was priced right . After I got done my baking , I washed it and left it to air dry . I checked it to make sure it was clean before I put it away and the cooking pan was filled with rust spots and scratches . I used a teflon baking spoon and silcone spatula while I was cooking , not metal . There is no way I could have done this myself . I now have to buy another one before I can make any recipes calling for a double boiler . It will not be this product !!!
 The thing is plastic . Very expensive for plastic . I would NOT have gotten it if I had known it was n't ceramic . I needed a flat round ceramic `` platter '' .
 These are charming little espresso cups but they do not hold heat for more than 2 or 3 minutes . Granted , we live in a cold climate , so our house is usually cool , but one ought not have to drink a cup of espresso in 3 minutes before it cools off . Also the cup itself gets quite hot if one happens to touch it while using the handle . Best to give to your daughter for a toy .
 I ordered 2 sets of these and gave one to a friend as a gift . He was making us a couple of cocktails put the lid on the shaker and within the first shake it shattered . My set 3 glasses broke the first use . This is the cheapest quality glass I have ever seen . As soon as you unpack the item and handle a glass it feels like it could break in your hand . The glass at the local dollar store is fine china compared to this junk ! I believe in the old saying `` you get what you pay for '' but in this case you dont get anywhere close to getting what you pay for . I only paid $ 8 with free shipping !
 This was a great deal at under ten bucks and the set is very pretty . I photograph drinks for a website so this was perfect for presentation . The first glass broke from a very light TAP to the bottom when I placed it in the sink . The second glass to break - BROKE ALL BY ITSELF -LRB- SHOCK ! -RRB- . I had just finished washing the dishes -LRB- by hand -RRB- and went into another room . About 5 minutes later I heard a POP and the rim of one of the martini glasses popped right off in a complete circle . I have no idea how the third glass broke - when I picked it up the rim of the glass was separated . I will use the rest for photos , but this is NOT a durable set and would be a real disaster to serve guests , especially if they are wearing nice clothes .
 Every box had a problem . In each set there was one or more chipped glasses . I know that it was cheap but I can not give them as holiday gifts as I planned . Totally disappointed .
 A lot of glassware for the money ... Flaws in glass takes away the quality . Many air bubbles in glass , , , , But ... You wo n't fret so much if they break when you take into account the purchase price.Amazon is great as they replaced unit having received one with broken glass , , Way to go AMAZON < < < always a five star operation .
 When I ordered this set , I thought it was a great deal . But , the first time we tried to use the `` shaker '' , we dropped ice into it and it shattered all over the place . The glasses are nice though , have n't been able to use them yet due to having no shaker . Now we have to spend another $ 8 we spent on this set , to get a new shaker . Not that big a deal , just be warned ...
 I bought the same set at a local store so I 'm going to focus on the quality of these Circleware glassware.I 've only got one glass and the shaker left only after 2 months . The other three glasses magically broke themselves while they were sitting on my kitchen counter . They just simply started to crack without being touched by anybody . When I saw the first one was broken , I thought I might have knocked it against something else . But later another day my GF and I were stunned when we heard a crispy sound of cracking when we were sitting backward to the glasses . Then we watched the crack expanded across the surface of the glass by itself . Magic !!! We realized these glasses could break by themselves ! So we were not surprised at all when we saw the third one broke . Now we are waiting for the last of them to break . The shaker is large and makes 4 martinis easily , but the cover of mine leaks liquid out.Pros
 This looked like a great set until my boyfriend tried to make his first martini ... the shaker shattered in his hands . i guess thats what you get for buying something cheap ...
 Nice set , the glass is thin . I havent used it yet , but , wouldnt be surprised if it breaks when we do . One of the glasses arrived with the stem broken completely off . It is DEFINITELY thin glass . Very thin . I would have been VERY mad to have paid more than the $ 7.50 I did for it .
 While my sister was extremely excited about the glasses I got her has a gift , one arrived broken . When I called customer service to replace the broken glass I was notified that Amazon would not replace the damaged item . I could get a full refund , but they would not send a replacement . I was appalled . What business refuses to replace damaged items ? You can guarantee I wo n't be buying anything being shipped through Amazon anymore . I will buy directly from the seller .
 was very disappointed when the glasses came broken did not even get to enjoy the use of the for the party that they were originally purchased for
 Utter junk . The glasses are tacky , and who wants a glass-bodied martini shaker ? Not me . The tray is nice . I do n't know why I bought it . Sat collecting dust for a year until I threw the glasses out and gave the shaker and tray to someone who would use it .
 Its not glass at all . It feels like plastic.The first time I filled the shaker with ice , the temperature drop caused it to simply crack and break.I paid very little for this item so I suppose I got what I paid for.However , it really does look just like glass . Perhaps there would be some decent reasoning in purchasing this just to keep your apartment looking a bit more interesting . Not much for use though .
 These are very thin , very brittle glass . The edge of one of the glasses got a minor chip going into the dishwasher before the first use , so I was very gentle with them , and still the shaker broke the very first time it was used . I 'm not known for superstrength , OR for breaking glasses in the kitchen/dining room ...
 We ordered the item twice because first time it came broken . But second time also was the same result . You may like it if the set comes in one piece .
 I thought I would take chance and buy the martini set , well when I opened the box , the plastic tray was cracked and all scratched up . One of the martini glasses had a chip on the rim . I sent it back . I had hoped it would make it to me in one piece but unfortunately not . Do not buy this , you will not be impressed .
 Only one of the four bowls got delivered to me and by the time I got online to complain , this item was no longer in stock and it was more trouble to return it than to settle for 1/4 of the product I paid full price for ... Such a shame too , as i do so love that one bowl !
 The thing is plastic . Very expensive for plastic . I would NOT have gotten it if I had known it was n't ceramic . I needed a flat round ceramic `` platter '' .
 These strips did not work at all for us . We followed the instructions included by cleaning the tub with alcohol and then drying completely before applying the strips . Strips were applied and then the tub was not used for about 15 hours . Two days later two strips were 3/4 of the way detached from the tub which actually created more of a slipping hazard as the whole strip slid with your foot . Four days later 4 strips floated to the top of the bath water while my toddlers took their bath . 1 week later 3 strips ARE still attached . I have contacted 3M and they are having me send the strips back to them -LRB- and refunding my money -RRB- so they can test them for quality control . These strips are considered for ` light duty ' but they did say that my tub which is used for 2 showers a day and one bath every other day does fall into the ` light duty ' category . We are hoping to find another solutions which will work for us . I 'm looking for more of a heavy duty or commercial grade strips since these did not work for me .
 They peeled off within a week . I cleaned the tub ; wiped it down with alcohol and even put a heater in it for a couple hours to warm up the surface . I did everything I could to insure they would adhere well , but to no avail .
 I just received this 5 minutes ago.I went right away to get my husbands screwdriver . I screwed one screw into our wood armoire and was working on the second when the tip of the screw just fell off - and taking the old screw out of my armoire was very difficult . I did n't want to ruin my wood armoire , or ruin e hole for the next screw that I went to get -LRB- one of our own -RRB- . Ca n't they at least put decent screws in with this ???!! I 've never had a screw break like that on me -LRB- I 'm not a big person , so there was n't a lot of weight behind my effort -RRB- .
 Lighter weight than I expected , and the lids are n't `` precision fit '' as the packaging states . The handles are a bit loose . They 've been okay for the soups , stews , eggs and sauteed veggies I 've made . An okay product if you ca n't afford the good enamelware .
 If I could give this product a 0 I would have . Upon poring hot water into the instant pasta cooker , it cracked in several places spilling boiling hot water onto my hands . The cooker was not damaged or cracked in any way before the hot water went in . All I can say is be warned and careful using this product .
 I am surprised I am not hearing more comments about this product in regards to the cracking . I bought mine a while back and used it about 5 times and loved it . Then I started noticing a couple of cracks in the plastic so I put it away . Then one day I wanted to make a small amount of pasta so I dug it out . I poured the boiling water in over the pasta and in a few seconds it started cracking more and leaking - I put the thermal thing on it and carefully set it in the sink in case it broke completelyThis product is dangerous and soon we will hear of someone suing after getting third degree burns from boiling water after it explodes in someone 's hands . I think maybe this product is so cheap that people just figure oh well and throw it away . Also it is basically only good for a small amount of long pasta - I tried pasta shells in it and they just floated and did n't cook right . It 's good for asparagus too . If you try to cook a large box of long pasta in it it does n't seem to cook right . Aside from all that - the fact that it ca n't handle repeated use with boiling water makes it a poorly tested , unsafe gimmick.Most of the As Seen On TV products that I have tried are garbage anyway . I just do n't buy them anymore .
 I have tried this item a few times and learned : The strainer top does not hold tight to the cooker , nor is there anything in the design of the cooker part to permit the strainer top to attach to it . This means that when you tip the cooker over to pour out the water , the top falls off ! Danger of scalding and steam burns!It worked adequately for rice vermicelli , which one would normally just soak in boiling water anyway . When I tried it with penne , the pasta pieces on the bottom of the container did n't even get wet from the hot water , never mind cooked ! I still had to remove the pasta at the end of the so-called cooking time , and transfer it to a pot of boiling water in order to get it cooked!This so-called pasta cooker is a waste of time . Not a waste of money if you want to have a plastic vase for long-stemmed flowers ... that 's what you can safely use it for !
 While i love this painting , the print that I received had a terrible coloration . It is faded and the deep blue of the waves does not stand out at all . It is cheap though ...
 Purchased this set of sheets on April 16 , 2011 , only two months ago . The fitted sheet have started piling , which indicates not a good quality set of sheets . The only thing that I loved about these sheets is the fitted sheet and how it hugs the mattress . For the price of these sheets the quality is just not there . The sheets that these replace were 5 years old and just started ripping , two months is unacceptable.Sincerely , Jody M Becnel
 I bought the full set in navy from Penney 's . The so-called oversize flat sheet is actually only 1 '' larger in length and width than a standard full flat sheet , and after washing as per the instructions -LRB- warm water , low temp dry -RRB- , it shrank 5 '' in length and 4 '' in width , making it smaller than other full flat sheets I 've tried recently . Our mattresses -LRB- Sealy Aniston -RRB- are about 9 '' thick -- several inches thinner than many of today 's mattresses . In order to have enough material to tuck in -- say six or eight inches -- the sheet needs to be AT LEAST 84 '' wide AFTER washing . The flat sheet is now less than 78 '' and can not be tucked in at all . If these sheets were available individually , I could buy a queen flat sheet , but it 's sets only.Furthermore , the seam on one of the pillowcases is curved -LRB- off by about 2 '' from straight across -RRB- , and the fitted sheet , which I have to assume shrank the same as the flat sheet , is so tight the seam between the elastic panels and the sheet fabric curves significantly toward the center of the bed no matter how hard I tug at it.So this good concept -- elastic panels and oversized flat sheets -- fails in its execution . Yet another Chinese-made product that does n't live up to expectations . You want good sheets ? Look for something made in Italy or Portugal , but be prepared to spend $ $ $ .
 First of all I must agree that these are the best fitting sheets you may ever find in your life . BUT , unless you love sleeping on the beach with nothing between you and clumpy , gritty sand , do n't buy them . After several washings the fabric is truly so rough that it hurts . There is a fatal flaw - the fabric - and the manufacturer must change it if it wants repeat customers . Summary
 I bought these sheets because Consumer Reports rated them very highly . I have only had them for about 2 months and they have gone through about 4 washings . The thread count is suppose to be 330 , but you would n't know it with the way it `` pills '' . I have had 200 thread count sheets that did n't pill . If possible , I will be returning these .
 This product arrived labelled `` 55 % wool '' not the 70 % advertised . I pointed this out to the vendor 's service rep who said they had no control over how Amazon advertised their products . Not a bad blanket for the money , but not what I was expecting .
 It looks fine , but ... When I saw the composition , I could n't believe it.I received 55 % wool & 45 % synthetic , instead 70 % wool.Maybe wrong shipment ???
 These blankets are not &#34; gray &#34; . They are a multi colored mish mash of wool fibers . Probably useful as an emergencty blanket but not an attractive looking item .
 I would barely call this `` woven '' wool cloth . It is almost like they just took wool and pressed it together to hold temporarily.They constantly give off fibers . Use these and every week every corner of your bedroom will be full of `` dust bunnies '' made of bundles of fibers from this blanket that just come off.And overall , if compared to any type of blanket that you would normally get for home use -LRB- even a cheap one from Walmart or Target -RRB- this is junk . It is rough , cut ugly , ugly looking , cheap looking blanket that I would only consider giving to homeless people -LRB- except considering that it is $ 26 and you could do much better for that price -RRB- . I know that this is not a home product , but a military surplus product . But that does n't change the garbage quality of it . It is almost like a piece of artificial foam . I can rip it with my bare hands with very little effort.Definitely do n't even consider this if you got dust allergies .
 I have bought many things off of Amazon 's site and this is the first product review I have written . I bought three of these for my kids -LRB- 9,7 and 5 -RRB- so they could do their homework in bed . The entire unit was flimsy from the get go . The board is so thin that it risks cutting you . The bean bag detachable bottom is thin and not comfortable . Most of all , the light did n't work on one of them -LRB- right out of the box -RRB- , sometimes works on the second and stopped working on the third already . The connection for the light is so poorly constructed , it looks like a 2nd grader 's science project . The `` neck '' of the light is so cheaply made , you ca n't position it . It is just a piece of plastic that bends towards the user due to the weight of the light bulb at the top . The pencil case is cheap and already broke on my daughter 's board -LRB- when she tried to open it -RRB- . I would have returned it , but the instructions are clear that all the original packaging is needed , etc. and I had already disposed of it . I ca n't get my money back , but hopefully the reader of this can choose a different product .
 I wanted a surface large enough to grade papers with a grading key beside them , or to use my laptop with some notes beside it . Most lapboards are too small . This one seemed just the right size , and a good discount from a similar product offered by a high-end book-related furnishings supplier -LRB- Levenger -RRB- . But it 's GARBAGE.The surface is so thin that I expect it to break at any moment , and the edges are practically * sharp * - not something you 'd want in your lap . The corner straps which are supposed to hold in paper are so shoddily placed , and the elastic is so stretched , that they couldnt hold anything still . The `` pencil holder '' is a joke - too small and flimsy to take seriously.The light is broken in three ways
 This lap desk is a joke . As the other reviews indicate , it is very flimsy . The pads are not comfortable . We simply threw the lamp away . We tried to return the desk , but were given a full credit for the cost and told to keep the desk , so you might say in the end we paid what it was worth .
 The quality was less than I expected . The pillow on the back does not keep the lap desk secure and the pen/pencil holder set into the top right side gets in the way when writing . I saw a better one at Linens n ' Things for $ 9.99 . I did receive it right away and was happy with the delivery time .
 I do n't mind paying extra money for something that 's worth it . This lap desk was a disappointment . However , I 've tried to use it anyway.The pencil box that 's built in is a joke . You can fit about 2 pencils in it . Forget trying to fit thicker pens in there because the door wo n't close.After about 1 month of use the bean bag padding underneath the desk split open so I have all these tiny white balls falling out which are impossible to vacuum ALL of them up . They 're everywhere . In my bed . All over the carpet . I even saw one on my dog 's lip the other day ... just when I thought I finally go them all up.When shopping for an item like this , you may want to go to an actual store and get it so you know what you 're buying and can determine the durability . Also , NEVER get one of these desks with the `` bean bag '' substance in them because if it ever rips open , you 'll have these white balls in your life forever .
 I purchased a Multiclad Pro Stainless Steel 7 piece cookware set -LRB- MCP-7 -RRB- . I recently attempted to use them for the first time -LRB- after 30 day return for Amazon -RRB- and just rinsed them out with hot water and Palmolive dish soap . When I went to use one of the pans I noticed this oily residue on not only the pan I was going to use , but all of the pans . When I attempted to clean it again with soap and water and then just hot water and papertowels it only smeared some of the oily/greasy residue . I assumed this was left over from the manufactoring or was a defective product . I contacted Cuisinart and they informed me that i had a choice of 3 cleaning products that I could additionally purchase to determine if this was the problem or if I wanted to pay to send it in I could get it evaluated . I asked if they could send me a sample of the cleaner so I could assess if that was the problem , but they informed me they do not do that . When I requested that they send me a prepaid label to return the pans for assessment they informed me they do not do that for cookware and that their warranty was limited . I imagine the warranty covers that the pans should actually be able to be used , but apparently I have to invest even more money to determine if the pans are not defective . I feel as if Cuisinart should provide their customers with FUNCTIONING products that do not require additional purchases of cleaning products because they failed to properly clean them before selling them . This is pooor customer service and poor product control . I will never purchase Cuisinart Cookware again .
 Although I am sure that Cuisinart has a good product , I ordered the HENKEL set of cookware . It was a gift and , when the Cuisinart cookware arrived , I did not go to the effort of returning the item . When I first realized the problem , I wrongly assumed that Cuisinart owned HENKEL . Recommendation - be very careful , if you are ordering HENKEL cookware through AMAZON .
 Buyer Beware!The ad states there are six magnets included to adhere to metal surfaces but Tovolo is only putting in 4 magnets these days -LRB- cost cutting measure to be sure -RRB- . You can clearly see where the other two magnets should be , but instead there 's just a plastic filler . Unfortunately 4 magnets are not strong enough . You will be returning it because it wo n't stay put when opening bottles.Btw , previous posters must have had the 6 magnet version . I sure wish Tovolo had n't messed up an otherwise great product . What a bummer !
 I have the red color of this Splash bottle opener , but decided to buy the green one to match a new kitchen . The green one is quite inferior to the red opener . The red Splash contains a strong magnet under each `` petal '' and does n't move on from a metal surface to which it becomes magnetized . However , the green opener only has magnets on every other `` petal '' and does n't hold nearly as strong to the fridge . I do n't know which was the other colors were made , but I ended up sending the green one back as it would pop up from the fridge when opening a bottle .
 Soft , great color , easy wash . However , the top edge is sewn asa fold over edge and sewn irregular . Does not lay flat or straight . Has quite a big of stretch to it as though it has lycra . Fine for a kids room but not for a formal or guest room .
 Top sheet had 2 SMALL holes in the fabric . One pillowcase came open at the seam and I had to repair it . This is very common with this stretchy fabric and is no big deal to me considering how delicate jersey knit can be . Even with these minor defects I would buy again . Price ca n't be beat !
 The first time I put these on the bed , I noticed tiny holes in the bottom sheet . And on a deep , king-size mattress the sheets barely fit . They are nice to sleep on and were so cheap that I plan to use them until they completely fall apart .
 The color is great and so is the feel . I love jersey knit . I have a pillow-top matress and the fit was pretty snug right off . I wish I would have returned them right away , because I knew that once I washed them they would shrink . I did tumble dry on low , but they shrunk considerably , and even with stretching they are just too small for my mattress . These are not meant for a pillow-top . So I gave them away to someone who has a full and they fit perfectly .
 I got these sheets in eggplant color . The color is like what 's on the screen , and I was happy with both that and the softness . However , within one week of use , a number of little holes have appeared on one end of the sheets and all over , I can see that fuzzy nubby look beginning that appears far later on quality material , including other jersey . It 's like a Swiss cheese look and does n't bode well for the future durability of these sheets.I 'm surprised because none of the other reviews indicate such a problem . So maybe it 's just mine . But if I were to do it again , I 'd go for some sheets at Target or Ross with a slightly higher thread count and close to the same price .
 While I loved the look and feel of these sheets when they arrived , they did n't last . After only a single washing , they developed small holes and a moderate amount of pilling.While these sheets may seem like a bargain , realize that they 'll only last a few washings .
 I was really happy to find jersey knit sheets at Amazon and could n't wait to receive them as my old set had worn out . Finding them at an incredible price , I ordered two sets ! However , the quality of these jersey sheets were not the excellent quality I had bought several years ago at a wholesale warehouse . We are using them on our queen size bed , and love the feel of the soft jersey , but they do not retain their shape after you toss and turn on them a few times . I do n't know how they will respond after they are washed again , but I do miss the heavier knit of my old worn out sheets .
 I bought this sheet set because it looked like a great deal . It was n't . The sheets are very comfortable , but they developed several small holes after just one washing . The material is so thin that it barely keeps together . In order to maximize my investment , I 'll sleep on them until they wear out completely , then I 'll buy some that are not as cheap .
 I was impressed with how quickly this product came . The sheets are a little thicker than what I expected and the cotton is not quite as soft . They are decent for the price but definitely not sheets you can use in the summer .
 Product color did not match color represented on display . I ordered the Sage Green sheets and received more of a Pea-Green color . Item was returned .
 I received this picture today and am disappointed . The colors are nice and they match my decor , which is why I ordered it . BUT ... there is this HUGE white border around the picture that really cheapens it . Just on the side border it is over 3 and 3/4 inches of white on each side ! Very tacky . It still looks fairly nice and I do n't mine displaying it but the distributor is very misleading in their advertisement by not showing that dime store border . I will not buy from them again.Oops ... they also failed to include the wire and screws as part of the hanging kit . Sad , sad.Also , after 3 days , they failed to notify me when to expect to the picture and I had to write them to find out what was going on -LRB- and , yes , I like that song ! -RRB- . Turns out they had mailed the item 2 days after they received the order , which is pretty good . But , they need to get their act together and advise the customer on what is going on with the order.In essence , a disappointing venture but at least I have a tacky , semi-attractive painting .
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 The sign looks like the picture except it is very thin metal and smaller than you would imagine . I 'd say at a local store $ 5.00 or so . This is my second attempt to give my opinion . I do n't know if Amazon dumped my first one .
 you have to assemble it yourself , and when you do you will realize how cheaply this is made . the wood seems to be basic particleboard . it came with blemishes in the finish , it also came without the pre installed casters it was supposed to come with , and the casters it did come with fall out every time you move .
 I am usually adept at putting things together but this chair was challenging since many of the holes for screws did n't align properly and it was impossible to put together properly . Furthermore , there were no directions concerning the wheels/casters at the bottom . I thought perhaps it was self explanatory but when trying to put them in , they did n't seem to latch in and everytime one sits in the chair it practically collapses because of a loose caster . Spend the extra money and get the same one that is likely higher quality at pottery barn ... and comes assembled !
 I 've been sold on Doughmakers products for years . I own a whole collection of their bakeware , and I 've been more than happy with all the items . The last bakeware I had to replace was my muffin pans . I make double batches of cookies and cupcakes , so I ordered two of these . They 're beautiful . Solid aluminum , guaranteed not to rust . HOWEVER ... upon using them for the first time , both pans were dented as I tried to close the oven door , and the door did not close . They do not fit lengthwise in a standard sized large oven ! If you bake double batches , you can not place these side by side . If you only bake one batch at a time , they 're fine . If you make 24 , just buy ONE pan and be prepared to spend twice the time in the kitchen making a second batch . I 'm more than shocked that Doughmaker 's designed something with such a glaring flaw . Very disappointed !
 I bought this for a weekend away with friends and was very disappointed with the function of this beautiful product . First , it is dangerous . I found that the front loop touched the plastic knob on my cooktop and melted it a bit . I had to keep reminding myself that the knob on top was burning hot . It is natural to want to grab the handle or the top while making a panini . DO N'T DO IT . I let the pan heat on medium for ten minutes and the sandwiches were beautiful on the bottom but only lightly browned on top so that I had to flip them . Needless to say , some of the interior parts of the layered sandwich fell out onto the grill and stuck like mad-very difficult to clean later . The final toasted panini still had to go into the microwave for a few seconds to melt the thinly sliced gruyere cheese so that I could serve it to my waiting friends . This was a stressful lunch as I had to go through this process three times to make sandwiches for six . I would prefer a press which does both sides of the sandwich at the same time . I thought this would and it did n't .
 I 've posted this review on several differently colored panini presses ... though mine is red . I 'm THAT passionate about the low quality of this product . It angers me every time I see it in my closet -LRB- wo n't fit in my cabinets -RRB- . This press :1 . -RRB- Does n't heat both sides equally2 . -RRB- Adheres to bread and fish like white on rice ... even with oil/butter/nonstick spray3 . -RRB- has a cool colored finish that will chip and look hideous in no time.Seriously , take my word , this is an utter disaster of a product . Either reevaluate whether you need a press , or try another line . If I could turn back time , I 'd try Lodge -LRB- and they have new colors now to -RRB- , All Clad , or one of the cheaper cheap pans . This is about the quality of one of those ones priced at $ 30 or $ 40 . If you 're going to lay out $ 90 , go the extra mile and buy something made with quality in mind such as Le Creuset or All Clad or Lodge !
 Pan cracked on third use at medium to low heat , Chef Mario makes a lot of money selling a useless product which he has to know about , thank you Chef con Mario .
 Every single one of these ties has snapped . Perhaps I am using them too much , but I did n't see a disclaimer saying that they were only for light use . I will just use fabric wrapped hair ties from now on . Frustrating !
 I 'm new to using frost and icing tools . So , I bough these ties thinking I might need them . No . They are difficult to use . Just learn to get the hang of working with the bag . These are really not needed .
 This is overpriced ! Any given elastic band/ties would do the job just fine and would cost 1/10 of the price of these .
 I found these very hard to work with while installed on the bag . They are made of elastic rubber , so they will stick to your plastic piping bag . So when I tried to move the tie down , it was almost impossible . I have decided that a few hearty twists of the bag works just as well and is a lot less frustrating .
 Wilton instructor showed me how to affix bag tie . I 'm not sure it really helped , and the BEST advice I can give to anyone who decorates cakes with shortening based icing is to make `` cartridges '' of icing wrapped in plastic wrap which are inserted into the decorating bag . See Wilton discussion boards . BEST HINT EVER thought I doubt Wilton likes it , as it would put a crimp in sales of decorator bags .
 This product failed the second time I tried using it The on-off swtich broke.Panasonic MC-3920 Canister with 5-Stage Filtration , Aqua BlueThe nearest service center for Panasonic is 20 miles away . Hardly worth my time and mileage to get it repaired plus the surly repairman said I have to have a reciept which I ca n't locate .
 The long tube that 's supposed to nest into the longer bits of the tube or the attachments does not fit well enough . During ten minutes of vacuuming , I probably have to pick up falling pieces about three or four times . The two attachments -LRB- a brush and angled-looking thing -RRB- also fall off -LRB- as does the head of the vacuum -RRB- and do not fit easily back into their holding place in the canister . The canister does n't roll so much as gets dragged behind you since it constantly flips onto its side . The vacuum also takes up a surprising amount of storage space since the tube loops out from the body . In addition , the vacuum is difficult to get in and out of storage because the tube merely rests in place so it gets easily knocked over . There is also no good way to carry the vacuum when not in use . I really really really hate this vacuum .
 Nice vacuum . Easy light but poor quality . The on/off switch broke after 6 months . Also cord is too short.Closest repair center is at > 20 miles . Not worth the effort for a $ 60 vacuum . Doubting whether to buy the same one again of a more expensive Miele .
 I really wanted to like this vacuum cleaner . I own two uprights , but they 're both kind of clunky for vacuuming bare floors or doing a quick pick-up or dusting . At first glance this product seemed perfect -- lightweight ; reasonable suction -LRB- I assumed -RRB- ; the usual Panasonic reliability -LRB- also assumed -RRB- ; and , for those of us who relate in that way to inanimate objects , it was kind of cute.What a disappointment . The one positive -LRB- other than cuteness -RRB- is that it did a good job on bare floor . However , the relatively short power cord made vacuuming a large room less convenient than it should have been . The unit also had an annoying habit of rearing up on its wheels when pulled with anything more than a gentle tug . The supplied dust brush , with its narrow air intake , allowed for very little suction and therefore was virtually useless . -LRB- A standard size dust brush does n't fit on the wand . -RRB- The unit also generated an obnoxious , burning-type smell , which is what finally pushed me into returning it . Amazon , as usual , was good about that .
 Sure , I recieved the right poster . However when it came not only was the packaging TERRIBLE but it was bent everywhere and even torn in some places . That is $ 7 I will never get back . Thoroughly disappointed with this product and recommend to anyone reading this to not use this poster carrier or maybe even not to purchase posters from amazon . EXTREMELY disappointed .
 I ordered this poster before Christmas.I received a different poster than what I ordered a week after Christmas.When I contacted Adam Hersch I was told the poster was no longer available.After I left a negative comment on Amazon about this company they started contacting me to see what they could do to resolve the issue.They ended up offering me two other posters of my choice and asked me to remove my comments.I should have waited because I have not seen the other posters and get the run around when I contact them.Poor service.Will NEVER use them again.They are advertising this poster new but told me they could not get it .
 I ordered this product on two separate occasions and both times it was received defective . The 8 Inch x 3 Inch product was not perfectly round . On a good note ... Smaller Fat Daddio rings like the 8 Inch x 2 Inch were received in perfect condition .
 When I received this product , it arrived warped and useless . I re-ordered it , and it again arrived warped and useless . My only suggestion to those who would like this product is to order it with a number of other cake rings . Maybe if they come together , they will protect themselves .
 When I got this ring , the first thing I noticed right away was that it was not round . It had a flattened side and it was unusable . It also had some minor scratches .
 Not worth the money do yourself a favor and spend a little bit more on a better built cabinet . It was difficult to put together and broke the first time it was opened , it 's just very flimsy and poorly made . I would not recommend buying this shoe storage cabinet to anyone . Stay Away !!
 After placing the order and receiving the package , I received the wrong products . I was told this product was out of stock when I called Amazon . They sent me two of the 1-Tea light holders instead . To be honest , I think they were accidently put the 1-Tea light holders in the box , but they would n't admit that . It did n't SAY they were out of stock online . Someone just was n't paying attention to what they were packing . But WHY would you send a different size of the production in its place IF the one you ordered is out of stock ?! Does n't make any sense to me ... They just would n't admit to it . However , I got a refund for the products .
 I ordered these with the concept that they were the sturdy , enameled Wilton cutters I love to use . They are colored aluminum and easily bendable . Arrowed heart shape is not exact -LRB- no point to arrow -RRB- , so any decoration is topical , not exact . These are okay for beginners but not for bakers who do more professional decorating . Disappointed .
 This is by far the worst PRODUCT I have ever purchased . I hate this coffee maker . I paid $ 79 for this item and I want to smash it with a hammer . I 'm not a violent person but when coffee floods your counter you want to crush it . The only way to safely make a pot of coffee is to place it in the sink for fear of flooding . Even with the lid perfectly clean and on properly , it leaks coffee between the carafe and the lid.To boot , pouring water into the reservoir is a chore & no matter how careful you are , you will have coffee on the counter . Like another reviewer the clock does not keep time . You need to reset it on a regular basis.For the first 30 days or so I actually liked the thing but as you can tell my opinion has definitely changed . Good luck to you if you buy this product .
 Right from the start I have had problems with this coffee marker.The timer/clock loses about 5 minutes a day so I 'm always resetting the time to the correct time so that the automatic start feature will work.The lid on the thermos leaks during brewing . Which means coffee spills everywhere including on the maker which also shuts the coffee marker off . So I end up with coffee everywhere and have to wait hours before I can even think of using the marker again.I have owned the coffee maker for less than 30 days and I think I will be looking for a replacement tomorrow .
 Absolutely love the design , am heartsick that my first unit and the replacement BOTH quit working after about 3-4 weeks ... . local service NOT existent ... . Amazon replacement policy super ... . but basic design problem , methinks ... . water flows all over occasionally and pc board stops working when wet with coffee ... . just wish unit would work , and ; or service center would be avail ... . unit probably should be recalled ... Ron Romanski
 No stars is what this should be . Where do I start ??? The machine brews the coffee everywhere but into the caraffe . You will have coffee grinds and water all over your counter if you do n't position the caraffe in the exact spot it needs to be -LRB- so forget setting the timer for the a.m. or you will be needing your mop -RRB- . The so called thermal caraffe is junk . Plan on a refill 15 minutes after your first cup ? You 'll have to nuke it as the thermal caraffe does not keep coffee warm at all . You know those little holes that the coffee pours into during brewing ... I think it lets the heat out as well . This is the WORST coffee machine I have ever owned and it is the most expensive one I have ever owned . I 'm going back to the nine ninety nine specials . At least they work .
 The clock lost time from the minute I plugged it in . It progressively lost minutes everyday . When it was 30 minutes slow I sent it back and received a new one that also lost time immediately after being plugged in . I waited a week and it was now 45 minutes slow.Contacted DeLonghi directly and they offered to send me the same model but a different serial number . That one also lost time.Contacted DeLonghi again , they then replaced the unit with a different model DC55TCB . this one the water does not drip through the grinds . They are now sending us a new basket to hopefully solve the problem . Well , we received the new basket unit and the water with coffee still does not drip through . Contacted DeLonghi and was asked to cut the cord and send it in and they would sent another replacement unit in 3 to 6 weeks . This will be our 5th unit . We aksed for a refund but were told they can not do that !!!!!! Meanwhile we have purchased a unit through Gevalia and will keep getting replacements til they get it right !!!!!! This will be our 5th . Received a new unit on 1/4/07 and yet again the water failed to drip through the filter , contacted DeLonghi was told we were n't positionung the carafe correctly ???? I am not a Harvard graduate however I do kn ow how to place a carafe into the unit . They said they will send out yet another basket unit . We received the basket and still the same problem . I finally contacted Amazon and pled my case to them , so much for dealing with the manufacturer directly . They authorized a return even though this unit is a replacement for the original defective one . I know who reads this must be tired by now and has given up , as have I.
 This brand was my 2nd Delonghi thermal carafe model in 2 months , after the first one broke after 5 weeks . This one worked wonderfully for about 4 weeks until one morning . I came in and found coffee all over the counter . I thought I had not aligned the pot properly or something . After another week of dealing with this , the electrical system shorted out due to all the coffee spills . This coffee maker made the best coffee and the carafe kept it hot all day . I do n't know what happened and we could n't get it resolved . We purchased a Cuisinart with a 3 yr warranty -LRB- not the one that grinds coffee -RRB- and has worked great for 6 weeks .
 Clock started losing time the first day . Great tasting coffee . No problem with the carafe . Unit stopped working all together after about 10 days . Returned it to DeLonghi & they promptly sent me another . Clock started losing time the first day . Great tasting coffee . No problem with the carafe . Unit stopped working all together after about 10 days . This could get real old ...
 I bought this coffeemaker as replacement for my Starbucks model that I accidentaly damaged . Unit stop working after a month . Quality and taste of coffee could not compare with my Starbucks machine which unfortunately is discontinued -LRB- I am not sure who built coffe maker for them , now they sell Kitchen Aid and Delonghi -RRB- I took my coffeemaker to local authorized repair shop . They told me that this is nonrepairable model and that I will receive replacement in 4 weeks , I even had to pay $ 12.50 for shipping . Its been more than 8 weeks , deLonghi customer service will not deal with customer and repair shop told me they are out of stock and there is nothing thay can do about it . Most of electronics stores have 30 days return/exchange policy and if your unit fail within this period , return it and buy something else . I did not do my homework since I did not consider coffemaker purchase to be major one but after reading horrible reviews about this product I would like to warn future customer of making same mistake .
 My husband bought this for me 8/2007 . Love the look - all stainless steel . Hate the machine ! This coffee maker leaks everywhere . The coffee overflows from the hole and does n't go in the pot . Also , the seal on the pot does not seal between the lid and pot , so coffee bubbles from there as well . Very poor design . I 've set the timer and had to mop my entire kitchen floor and clean my counter tops , cabinet faces , and even inside my cabinets b/c the coffee overflowed and I did n't know until it was too late . Also , if you 're lucky enough to get coffee in the pot , do n't try to pour it into a cup unless you 're over the sink b/c it leaks from the seal between the pot and the top and pours poorly . This is by far the most expensive coffee pot I 've ever owned and I 'm going to try to return it to Amazon or DeLonghi and break out my old Mr. Coffee ulgy , but no mess coffee maker !
 When I look at some of the positive reviews of this product , I wonder what these people were comparing these towels against . Martex makes a VERY large cross-section of towels found in most all stores under a multitude of brand names . This particular line seems to be a low-end one and one that uses Supima cotton fibers that are not as fine as good Egyptian cotton ones . The cotton loops on this towel are small , not nearly as fine as good Egyptian cotton and the towel itself does n't have a good heft/fluffiness to it -LRB- seems thin and for lack of a better word , `` Wal-Marty '' . If you want a great quality product for the same price , search for the `` Famous Maker Washcloth 2-Pack '' made by GRAND PATRICIAN , right here on Amazon . I ordered both brands at the same time and the difference between the two is like night and day . Make sure that the Grand Patrician ones mention `` 100 % Egyptian fine extra-long staple cotton '' in the description . That is your assurance that you are getting the finer line product , not yet another low-end line product such as this Martex Altier . This is important since the actual brand/contents of the `` Famous Maker '' towel products can change with time . Also , the list price on the Grand Patrician is noted as being lower than that for this Martex product but do n't let that fool you . I still gave the Martex 2-stars since it is not a bad value in and by itself . But it is an atrocious choice if you also have the option of the Egyptian cotton Grand Patrician ones from Amazon at the same price .
 These have to be seconds . Soon as I opened the packages . . I ordered 10 packages with 2 each inside I noticed frayed edges ... a immediate ut oh to me . The seams are n't sewn smoothly all the way around there are strings hanging.Looked closer and the tags on them were n't in uniform spots . For the price I thought I would give them a shot so I washed them as advised by the manufactor before using . They came out of the washer and dryer as in different colors . A bad dye lot I guess . These washclothes ARE soft so thats why I gave them one star , however , they are badly sewn and I expected much more from Martex quality than this . Buyer beware .
 The washcloths are `` ok '' but I was really expecting athicker more absorbent washcloth that holds a lot ofsoap while in the shower . Good for the money I guess .
 The towels are as soft as advertised , but that 's it . The towels are much smaller than advertised . I ordered grey , but received tan . I ca n't use them with my grey bathroom !
 We purchased one of these because it was pretty , and had some neat features . What we did n't realize was that pretty does n't make good coffee . Within a few short months , the timer and automatic start went out -- shortly after , the fancy swing arm broke , too . We mailed it back and waited for a new one . Sure enough , the timer on the new one pooped out after just a few weeks , and a year later the arm broke * again * . Emails to the company -LRB- nice ones !! -RRB- were not returned . When we finally got in touch with them we were told that although this is a common problem , since it had been over one year we were out of luck . This product simply costs too much to dispose of after a year , especally as our $ 20 , 7 year old Mr. Coffee still works better than the DeLonghi . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy it .
 Horrible ... coffee does n't taste that great ... especially for the price ... mine broke after 2 months ... the lid of the carafe just snapped off ... so the coffee wo n't drip into the pot
 Not impressed with this blanket . It is soft , not tough or lumpy at all but is very light and carries little weight . Not much inside it at all as far as stuffing . That 's not so bad , though.The fabric is the big problem . It is silky in the way a sleeping bag is , not like a smooth cotton-based fabric . The blank is very loud in motion with friction and has a rough synthetic texture.Other than that , the `` clover '' color I ordered is not the very light green as shown on Amazon , but a darker pea soup green . `` Puke green '' , perhaps . I sent mine back within minutes of taking it out of the plastic bag.Might be a soft-enough servicable throw , but not for the price I paid . I would n't pay more than $ 10 for this .
 Howdy , I bought these towels last week during the Friday Sale , understanding that I would be getting 6 separates for 8 bucks . I was not expecting high quality , and totally got what I paid for . Out of the packaging the towels had strings which were already running ; the hems were not complete and separating from the towel itself . I then washed them , I understand that towels will pill ... but please ! Pill city ! I have fuzzies in my hair that I am fishing out.If they last a year , it will be worth the 8 bucks , then they may make excellent rags . Just do n't use them on your car ! Unless you like the fuzzy look .
 I purchased 2 sets of the blue jacquard towels , the color seemed to be true to the picture on website , but the quality is very poor . Very thin and cheap looking towels . I would not order these towels again .
 Very thin towels I would not recommend unless for camping pool etc. . .
 I purshased this towel set for Yoga exercise , because 6-pieces and very cheap price . However as the price said , the quality of towel was terrible . They have shrunk in the wash at once and cotton lint came out much . It 's cheap , but I do n't think it 's worth to buy .
 These towels are horrible . They almost seem as if they are irregular towels . One towel did not match the seams of the others , one was unraveled , they leave lint everywhere and they do not absorb water very well . I will not buy more of these .
 I was not thrilled with the advertising on this one that claimed it was a luxury towel set with a $ 49.95 value . The set came in a plastic bag and the quality of the towels were very low average . I was not impressed and wish I had not bought so many .
 When these towels arrived they had a strange unpleasant oily smell to them . I put them into the washing machine and they practically fell apart . I had to scrape pieces of the towels from the machine tub . It was packed with heavy sticky lint and I am just lucky that my machine survived the ride . I use them now to dry the dogs . They were cheap so I guess you get what you pay for ! I do not recommend these towels as they are a total waste of money .
 They are some of the worst towels I have ever purchased . They are not very absorbant . They wash horribly . I 'll never purchase another set again . Amazon should be giving them away !!!
 Not very good quality . Kind of scratchy . Staring falling apart after first wash !
 It 's not very soft ... but got a great deal so I 'm keeping it ... sorry this is not much of a review ... I ca n't rave about it . . but at the same time I do n't hate it . The frech blue color is very pretty ... but the quality of the towels are that great for me to love !
 First , I threw away the bath towels , and thought I could use the hand towels and wash cloths . Next , I threw away the hand towels . The wash cloths went next . It was money thrown away .
 I bought this candy thermometer because I was interested in getting into candy making . In particular , I wanted to give tempering chocolate a try and thought that with such high ratings , this would be perfect for doing it right.I was very disappointed to find that the temperature gauge on this candy thermometer does n't go low enough for tempering chocolate . This does n't make a lot of sense to me , since chocolate seems like a pretty common candy thing to do , but the temperature gauge only goes down to 100 degrees , while tempering chocolate requires measuring down to ~ 84 degrees.While I 'm not going to throw it away -LRB- it 's still fine for deep frying -RRB- , I 'm going to need to find something else for doing chocolate .
 I just started using this Deep Fry Thermometer and I 'm very unhappy with it . The way it is designed with the metal prong on the side of it does not stay stable on the pot . It 's very flemzy . It keeps falling off the side of the pot and plus the temperature drops when you start cooking . It is not a stable thermometer , and you can get burn when this thermometer drops off the pot . Plus the temperature gauge is not stable when cooking at a high temperature of 350 degrees . The temperature starts dropping when you start cooking in the pot . I turn up the heat and the thermometer continues to drop . I would not recommend this product the way it is designed to anyone . To me it 's a safety issue . I 'm looking for a more steady deep fry thermometer that will fit firmly onto the pot . When I was using this thermometer I tried to make it secure onto my pot , but it fell off my pot 3 times , and I almost burn myself when it fell . For this price it should be working better than this .
 I bought two of these , but was disappointed in their design from the beginning . First problem , all the shelves are the same depth of 8 inches , so none of the regular toddler size board books are even visible when you put the books in the shelves . I would have assumed they would have made the top shelf with 8 '' depth , the middle shelf with 6 '' depth , and the bottom with the 4 '' depth , so could display a variety of books , but no , all the same . Next problem , is that the only books that look right in this display have to be at least 12 '' -14 '' tall , but then the books tend to start leaning out at a funny angle toward you at the top . Besides , most toddlers prefer the 5 '' x 8 '' size toddler board books so their hands can manage them . We ended up buying CD storage boxes to hold most of our toddler board books instead.We got this toddler bookcase with the natural canvas , but this red canvas one I would be very afraid would very likely stain books . Avoid this item and go with the commercial grade Jonti-craft single sided display -LRB- or double if you have large space -RRB- with the masonite dividers . We borrowed 2 of the Jonti-craft ones from a preschool teacher friend , and our kids are happy to be able to again find and see their books that have been lost in this canvas book hider . I 'm giving these canvas bookcases away and sticking with the better Jonti-craft shelves for my toddler and preschooler .
 We tried everything to get rid of the plastic taste . We ran through plain water , coffee , baking soda , vinegar . All told , we ran through at least 40 cups . It still tastes like plastic -- I 'm thinking plastic infused water is not good for us also . My husband is taking it back to Costco this morning
 I got this as a mother 's day gift because my old Mr. Coffee was leaking . The Keurig makes me want to scream . For the last week I have followed the directions to the word and it wo n't work . It takes a minimum 4 tries to get a cup of coffee . I 'm not really happy with the coffee either , there is a strong plastic taste to the drink . I thought that would go away after awhile . The other drawback is I ca n't find the K cups at any of the grocery stores , Sears carries them - yuck or mail order . I 'm putting it back in the box and getting a regular coffee pot . Sorry fam I know you thought it was cool .
 I am a passionate , honest , sincere and diligent consumer and maven . I do my due diligence when making my purchases and buy the best keeping in mind the product as well as how the manufacturer stands behind their products . PLEASE do NOT purchase this product based on NUMEROUS product reviews INCLUDING mine . I experienced what so many others did thinking that there were always a few bad machines but as a whole the unit B-70 was probably wonderful . The machine works great for a few months , THEN that is when you the consumer begin the awful experience of `` trouble shooting '' from their website , You Tube , etc. . When you open the box , the statement from the manufacturer should be THE sign to return the unit immediately ! It tells you to KEEP the box and shipping material should you have to return AND do not return to place of purchase but contact Keurig direct . I did this . Then when I finally had enough of `` trouble shooting '' I was told I could get the most recent model for $ 80.00 more OR take it back to where I purchased it . I am a realist and do not expect perfection ; however , I do expect a product to work without problems for at least a year with no problems , not 3 months . The customer service reps are good but their hands are tied . The corporate office is responsible for POOR options available to offer their customers . DO NOT BUY the potentially great product for your own sanity and pocket book . Shame on you Keurig corporate !
 Please be careful before choosing this product . We have had two since December 2009 both of which have failed . The first one we purchased failed after several months but within the one year warranty period . It was replaced free of charge . The replacement has now failed and is basically dead and unsafe . Before spending a lot of money of these brewers be aware that you should expect to replace it annually . The quality is very poor .
 I do n't have one of these contraptions , but , some of my friends do . The fresh brewed coffee tastes like it was made with a combination of ground and instant coffee . Since , the machines and the coffee packs are not mine and the single serving packs cost $ 1 for each cup of coffee , I have not opened a new one up to verify.They 're great , if you have money to blow and need something else to impress your friends and neighbors . As for great coffee ... I say brew your own with a Melita style coffee maker and premium coffee .
 I received this machine for my birthday on november 12 . Today is december 6 and I just returned it to the store and got a new one . After about a week and a half it stopped making full cups of coffee . I thought it was just a fluke until it started sounding like an airplane was taking off on my kitchen counter . After reading all the negative things about keurig in general I am very happy this was a gift and I did not shell out 150 on a coffee maker that craps out in 2 weeks .
 The Special Edition model is NOT recommended!I recently purchased the Special Edition model as a replacement to my single serve Tassimo . I changed because my favorite Starbucks single serve coffee changed from the Tassimo to the Keurig . Well , after about 2-weeks of using the Keurig , I have found that the Special Edition Keurig is poorly designed . The water container is a joke , even with the larger 60 oz container . It is so oddly shaped that it is difficult to remove and impossible to replace on the unit without spilling some of the water.In addition , it seems like every cup of coffee tastes about the same . This was not the case with my old Tassimo . I have tried a few brands provided in the assortment pack and like the Starbucks coffees . However , all the Starbucks coffees taste the same and even different brand coffees all taste about the same.Very , very disappointed !
 We bought this machine and enjoyed it for about two years , then it died . We called Keurig and were told THEY DO NOT REPAIR THEIR PRODUCTS . Instead , THEY OFFER TOKEN DISCOUNTS ON REPLACMENT MACHINES THEY WANT YOU TO BUY ! There is no pride in the durability , servicability , or longevity of this product . Shame on Keurig management for a corporate philosophy of `` SORRY , WE DO N'T PROVIDE SERVICE . BUY ANOTHER ONE ! `` The notion of throwaway products like this that end up in landfills in a world that is struggling to go green is mind-boggling . CORPORATE IRRESPONSIBILITY AND SHORTSIGHTEDNESS .
 I purchased my Keurig -LRB- which , initially , I loved -RRB- roughly 3 years ago . It had stoped working -LRB- sensor broke -RRB- abruptly one day after owning it only almost 3 years . I talked to 3 other friends who owned a Keurig and purchased theirs at around the same time and they had the SAME EXACT ISSUE within the same time frame.Keurig 's remedy was to give another machine at a discounted price since it was past the warranty period . I am sorry but a total of 4 people having the same exact problem within the same period of time means that they clearly have an issue and are well aware of the issue with their product . I will say , when it worked , anyone who had a cup of coffee , loved it ! However , unless you plan on wanting to replace every 2-3 years , I would look at another brand .
 I have had the B50 , B60 , and B70 . Every brewer has not lasted over a year before some malfunction has occured with the unit . . so thats now $ 600.00 in 3 years ... I could have had a good coffee maker by now . . Instead all their coffee makers have the same internal parts which are proven not to be a well built product . They have finally partnered with another company Breville , but I am finished buying trash .
 I had an issue with my B50 , and Keurig was absolutely great about resolving my problem -LRB- thank you Kathy in customer service -RRB- !! I didnt realize that my water is very hard and combined with my low use of the machine it naturally caused build up on the sensor . This wouldnt have happened if filtered water was used or the hard tap water didnt sit in the container for several days at a time building up mineral deposits which was my fault for doing , not a product issue . But Keurig -LRB- Kathy -RRB- was really super about taking care of this for me . I 've had a great experience with Keurig and the B50 product , and will say their customer service is fantastic .
 through work I acquired one of these machines but , the faulty part had already been sent back and replaced for the clients with a new machine . So , I tried to send the machine back for service or to purchase the faulty part.I am shocked !!! ... they wo n't let me purchase the part needed ... they wo n't take the machine back ... and when I asked if I should take the machine -LRB- which by the way is in perfect condition less the one piece missing -RRB- to the land fill ... she said yes . I am appalled that they want nothing to do with the machine b/c they already fulfilled there obligation with the customer who purchased it . I told her the reason I wanted to fix it was from an environmental standpoint ... and she said there was nothing the company could do ... the machine was useless to them now.It 's not so much the terrible customer service issue as it is the environmental impact . What kind of company allows for such a large carbon footprint?I will make another call to the company and maybe talk to somebody who wants to help . Or maybe I will find out that Keurig could care less about our planet .
 If you like good quality kitchen tools and appliances , avoid this one . -LRB- Good quality includes Kitchenaid mixers , Champion juicers and other appliances meant to last . -RRB- This item is one of those computer controlled plastic with metallic coating , lots of moving parts and no way is going to hold up sort of gadgets . It is loud , is recommended to be kept plugged in -LRB- I guess keeping the water hot -RRB- , and worst of all does not make more than mediocre coffee.The coffee -LRB- we tried several pods -RRB- is almost without aroma . If you 're reading this while drinking some coffee , try holding your nostrils closed while drinking and see what you think of the taste.If you are a coffee on the weekends only person , this wo n't work for you because you have to keep it plugged in and the water in it will be days old with no way that I could see of purging the water that is in the machine.There 's an easy solution to the occasional coffee drinker who wants very good coffee
 I have a Keurig B100 at home and absolutely love it . Decided to buy one for second home and went with the B50 ... ended up returning it because it was very loud and vibrated the counter when it fills the reservoir for the cup of coffee.I purchased the B100 instead . Excellent coffee maker !
 I was excited to try this device . We were given it as a gift . I love a strong , smoky , deeply flavorful , natural cup of coffee in the morning . One that will hold up to the half and half , and one that 's not ruined with synthetic flavors . My cup is a full 12 oz , but that 's about it for the day.We have been using a french press and grind our our beans.I am quite disappointed in the final product with the coffee . Ease of use , to me , just ends up tasting like old fashioned weak vending machine coffee.What surprises me most , is that I guess I am the only one who has come to this conclusion .
 Bought the Keurig B50 thinking that it would be the last coffee maker that we would need . Boy was I wrong ! While the concept of a fresh cup of coffee every time sounded good , the way it worked left a lot to be desired . If you are a real coffee drinker & want your coffee in a hurry & need it to be at least a good mug size portion , this machine is NOT for you . You only have two choices for brewing , a small cup or large cup button to push . The small size is way to small of a portion & the large size only fills half of a mug size cup . So , the dilema is that you have to brew two portions in order to get a mug sized portion to drink . When one is in a hurry in the morning this is not a good thing to have to deal with and takes too much time plus negates the fact of saving on coffee grinds.The other problem was that the LCD display is not lighted so if you have this machine placed in a low light area you can forget about reading the display . Finally , you ca n't use your own coffee grinds to make coffee but have to use their portioned plastic K-cups . Although I understand that they are coming out with a special K-cup that will let you use any coffee grinds that you want.Overall the concept is good but in reality did n't work well for us . To be fair I should note that this machine seemed to be a well made unit quality wise .
 KEURIG 'S BAD POINTS : - Takes up a lot of counter-top-VERY noisy - almost par with an air compressor-Small amounts of coffee
 I purchased the B60 model . I enjoyed the convenience and the flavor . It lasted less than a year . I was not able to solve the problem so that investment was wasted . I looked online in an attempt to remedy the situation and found many others with the same problem . Some had been able to resolve but none of the suggested solutions worked for mr , not even the one proposed by the guy who slaps his around . Reliability of this product deserves less than zero . $ 100 . For a few months of coffee is a rip off .
 I have had my Keurig B60 since last Christmas , 7 mo. now , and it is giving me trouble . Needs to be descaled often . For the price , it was not worth it . Guess I should have read reviews before buying it .
 I got a Kurig coffee maker for Christmas . I was really excited . A few weeks later I found it often did n't work . The set up is not complicated yet I would tell it to brew and nothing would happen . I had to tell it to brew seven times this morning before it finally brewed my cup of coffee and overflowed the cup . If you have time to stand over it for an hour to make sure it works properly , feel free to get one . Otherwise , I plan to try the compitition . Additionally the coffee is expensive to buy .
 I just purchased a KEURIG B77 one cup coffee maker simply because I like the idea of making coffee a cup at a time instead of having a pot -LRB- constantly heated - eventually burned -RRB- or a caraffe of tempid coffee that gets thrown out . Specifically I liked the option of a `` use your own coffee '' device which would -LRB- should -RRB- reduce the cost of using the system . Set up was easy and the system automatically heated its water and was ready to `` Brew '' when my feet hit the cold kitchen floor this morning - however , the coffee was weak and definately not to my taste . I opened the little filter canister -LRB- called the `` My K-Cup '' -RRB- and discovered that over 50 % of the coffee was dry and had simply been `` by-passed '' by the hot water , it seemed to have `` floated '' to the top of the `` My K-Cup '' and would now be thrown away - no wonder the coffee was weak and watered down . I re-read the instructions for the use of the `` My K-Cup '' and thought that I may have simply overfilled the device so I reloaded the filter with half my original amount of coffee and `` Brewed '' again - I watched the stream of coffee which started out dark and quickly turned nearly colorless - again the filter was filled with `` by-passed '' coffee - I would speculate that the same thing is happening inside the `` Pods '' which cost as much as $ .75 each . While the system quickly heats water and brews quickly it appears that as much as 50 % of your coffee is being wasted . I 'm headed to the KEURIG web site for advice , but it looks like the device will be going back to the store - my old Cuisinart - Automatic Grind & Brew Thermal is still on the counter and while it makes more than I really need at one time , the coffee is robust , tasty and it does n't waste my freshly ground coffee by simply pushing it out of the way .
 Take a careful look , after the foaming dispear , a small piece of white plastic in your coffee every time you make a cup , I used it for 6 months right now , I am worry abount cancer now , I alway alway ptck this plastic out before I drink my coffee . good machine though except for this problem , I think Keurig need to fix it , otherwise somebody will sue them for $ .
 This overpriced machine made the worst cup of coffee I have ever tasted ... and the variety is limited . For less money there are other machines that offer alot more .
 We had this machine at work and made maybe 6 cups a day on a busy day . Within a month the machine broke - Keurig did replace it right away but then the second broke as well -LRB- a co worker bought one for his home and had the same problem !! -RRB- . they gave us an upgrade on the model and this one is still going . The Coffee was good but the tea was not . Most importantly people is IT IS WASTEFUL . WITH LITTLE PLASTIC CUPS FILLING UP THE GARBAGE , AND IN OUR CASE TWO MACHINES IN THE DUMP . COME ON PEOPLE LETS HAVE SOME CONSCIOUS COMSUMERISM AND SLOW DOWN . What ever happened to putting the coffee in a paper filter and pouring hot water over it and letting the fragrance wrap around you . If you are that busy and needy for coffee instantly maybe you should be looking at the job ads or self help books and not over priced hunks of wasteful plastic for greedy americans !
 I am on at least my fourth Keurig machine over the years ! When it 's new , it 's great - there 's no doubt about it . The cups of coffee are great and the availability of choices is wonderful . But the machines DO NOT last . They begin to get finicky after 6-8 months even with cleaning and de-scaling . In each machine I 've reached a point where the machine does n't make full cups of coffee and you are required to shut the machine off several times to get it working right again . It will go through this phase for a few days to a week and then disappear . You figured `` phew '' everything 's back to normal . The thing will work for awhile and then it will happen again ! Customer service simply does n't do anything for you when the warranties have expired . The problem
 Sure the machine is nice but it does n't last over a year even if you take care of it . I had it 10 months and they would do nothing for me . It quite working and because it was manufactured 1.5 years previous there was nothing to be done . They do n't account for the time that it sat on a shelf in the store . The product is low quality . Nice but low quality be prepared to buy multiple once you are addicted !!!
 After having the Keurig for one year the plastic lip inside where the coffee pod sits completely broke in several different pieces and landed in my coffee cup . Three friends of mine had the same thing happen after having the Keurig for a short time . It seems the heat from the Keurig eventually weakens this piece and makes it brittle enough to break apart .
 I 've own the single cup maker for over 6 months now and officially regret buying it.When I first got it , I raved how it was worth every penny , love the convienence and I stored up a lot of K Cups.My first disapointment was that you really ca n't use the K cups more than once . The second cup is just tinted water no matter how I try to adjust the cup . I do n't know who thought this could really be done.The amount of water it puts out is very inconsistent . I always push for the largest cup and sometimes it only fills a quarter of the amount . I thought this could be because I did n't use it for a couple days and a pre-measured amount got evaporated , but it still does this , even with everyday use . Of course , when it only fills half the amount , it still does n't utilize the K Cup and I just wasted another 50 cents.Nowadays I just use it for hot water and I 've gone back to using tea bags and buying my morning coffee . It 's still nice to have hot water quickly , but it 's pretty bulky on my conter to just be used as a teapot .
 Let me explain my title . I love the coffee , the convenience and the speed of the Keurig system . I have owned four Keurigs in the past six years and had all four eventually fail . Keurig customer service have always been outstanding as they bent backwards to try to fix the probs and even extended the warrantee time and replaced two units for free . They do n't seem to be able to make the brewers reliable and they have a problem with the brewers being too noisy.Keurig warrantee is one year.Now for the GOOD news.Cuisinart has just come out with a ` Keurig brewing ' coffee maker.The Model SS-700 does everything the Keurig brewers do , but it does it absolutely silently , I love that ! It has a TWO YEAR warrantee , I love that ! It has a giant water reservoir and I love that too ! It comes with a ` rinse ' function and a ` water only ' function , and you got ta love that improvement ! I have only owned it for a few weeks and so far it is absolutely perfect . I am betting that Cuisinart with its impeccable record and giving a two year warrantee will be the way to go .
 The Keurig machines work well . I am accustomed to a double espresso of very good coffee . Tried several different k pods . Suspect they are putting a lot of robusta coffee in the pods . The coffee has a poor taste and it causes jangly nervies.It is a neat and handy system.Putting mine in storage when my Nespresso machine gets here.If you are picky about your coffee , advise looking elsewhere .
 I wo n't dwell on the excellent reviews written before me . In a nutshell this machine -LRB- out of the box -RRB- is a convenient way to quickly make a single -LRB- watery -RRB- cup of coffee.Unfortunately , it will last you about 9-12 months before dying . The longevity of the machine and its components is suspect . Even when using reverse osmosis / de-ionized water , my machine started to malfunction at about 9 months . First , it would not work when set for a medium cup of coffee - but would work fine when set for small or large . Then , it stopped working altogether unless turned on and off several times first - and then it would sometimes overfill a cup so that it spilled over . Clearly something was very wrong.The only customer support you get from the web site is to descale your machine by running vinegar through it . Ran vinegar through mine several times and it had no impact . $ 140 is a lot of money to spend for something with such a short life . Keurig wither needs to change the engineering of their product , or allow user access to the internal parts to be able to clean/change components that wear down or break with use.My mom is still using her same `` instant '' coffee maker from 30 years ago . I wonder how many landfills are going to be filled with Keurig machines before they start working on improving their quality ?
 The Keurig is easy to use but the coffee is watery . I even have the little plastic filter attachment so you can brew your own coffee . I stuff that with 21/2 tbls . of coffee , set the machine to medium setting and it still turns out light . If you like watery coffee , which I imagine some do , then this is a great machine . If you like robust coffee then this is not the machine for you . I received this as a gift and returned it after one week of weak brews . I 've had my neighbors test it too and they all agreed , that while it is sleek and easy to use , the coffee it brews is below par . If you think about it ... taste is the most important thing right?I think the problem with the Keurig is it shoots hot water throught the coffee packets so quickly that it does n't have time to extract all the flavor from the grounds.I even put this machine to the test . I brewed 1 -LRB- 8 oz . -RRB- cup of coffee using the Keurig and 1 -LRB- 8 oz . -RRB- cup using my generic Mr. Coffee machine.I used 2 tbls . of ground -LRB- Melba Coffee -RRB- in each.I used clear glass mugs so I could visually examine the difference.Results : Time ------ Kuerig took 40 seconds to brew from the time I hit the on button.Mr . Coffee 3 mins from start to finish.Strentgh ------ Kuerig was watery , light in color.Mr . Coffee looked much darker in color.I had to add 5 oz of clear water to the Mr. Coffee mug to make the two the exact color.Think about that . The Keurig makes coffee 50 % more watery than my $ 35Mr . Coffee.My car does n't run well when there is extra water in its gasoline and I do n't run well with extra water in my coffee.Do a taste test before you plop down $ 130 . Oh well , back to my Mr. Coffee . Sure it takes quadruple the time but at least I enjoy the taste . Sometimes you ca n't rush things.J.A.Yardley
 I bought this item last month for my wife and myself because we both enjoy a good cup of coffee in the morning . The problem is that we both like a mug of coffee about 12 ounces to start off the morning . The Keurig makes tiny cups of coffee that do not satisfy our morning coffee desires . Also , the coffee comes out to about 40 cents for a tiny junior sized cup of coffee.I admit that the coffee tastes good but the portion size is way too small . If you choose to use the larger portion option the coffee comes out tasting watered down -LRB- because it is -RRB- . I decided to go back to my old Cuisinart grind and brew coffee maker and bought some gourmet whole coffeee beans , grinded them up and brewed 6 cups worth of coffee that fills our 2 coffee mugs . It tastes great and is much less expensive to use then the Kuerig coffee maker . The only down side is that I have to clean about 6 parts after every batch of coffee -LRB- a major reason I purchsed the Keurig machine -RRB- . In summary , for me the machine does not make sense , the portions are too small and too expensive . However , if you like only small wimpy sized coffee an do not mind paying a premium for the coffee pods this machine may work for you .
 Keurig B50 Gourmet Single-Cup Brewing SystemCan I give it NO STARS ? I just received this yesterday , purchasing it after much research , and was looking forward to fabulous coffee . I made 4 different cups from the samples provided . I used bottled spring water . All 4 were terrible , they tasted like vending machine coffee . I 'm hoping that the samples were stale , since everyone seems to love this machine . Needless to say , I returned it .
 Received the B44 as a gift . Has only two settings for cup size
 Quickly note that the `` large '' cup is 7 oz . While a more flavorful cup is 4 oz . Now look at how much coffee you normally drink . While I enjoyed the variety , the solution to getting a decent sized and decent tasting mug of coffee in the morning was to run one coffee pod on the large setting and one on the small . Great idea , poor execution .
 I bought a Senseo a year ago and subsequently purchased four more as gifts . Then I saw the Keurig B50 and read about it on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I had to have a Keurig and pestered my wife so she got one.Unfortunately she did ... Here are the positives of the Keurig :1 -RRB- The water resevoir is 48 oz , which is much larger than the Senseo .2 -RRB- It is quiet ; much quieter than the Senseo since it keeps the water hot all the time .3 -RRB- It makes very good tea -LRB- K-Cups are available -RRB- .4 -RRB- You can fit any size cup under the Keurig , but not the Senseo . Of course , it does n't really matter , since the Keurig only makes good coffee on the 4 oz setting.Here are the negatives :1 -RRB- As with the Senseo , you can make 2 different size cups . The Senseo makes 4 oz and 8 oz cups , for which you use either one or two pods . Pods cost around $ .28 / pod for store bought or $ .40 for pods from places like www.coolbeans.com , which produces an 8 oz cup . The Senseo produces very strong coffee when used this way -LRB- 1 pod for 4 oz . -RRB- . The Keurig also has 2 cup sizes , but uses one K-Cup in each case , so you either have a nice , robust 5.25 oz cup or a weak 7.25 oz cup . I just bought a box of 18 K-Cups at Linens and Things -LRB- same price at Amazon.com -RRB- for $ 10 , or $ .556 / K-Cup . This translates into $ .106 / oz for good coffee or $ .077 / oz for weak coffee . So , the cost of a good cup of Senseo is from $ .05 / oz to $ .07 / oz . The cost of a good cup of Keurig coffee is $ .106.2 -RRB- The Senseo produces a layer of crema on top , which is very nice . This occures because the Senseo uses more pressure to produce the coffee .3 -RRB- Limited Selection of K-Cups . There are fewer choices of K-Cups than for Senseo . Pretty much limited to Green Mtn , Diedrich , Gloria Jeans , or Timothy 's . Senseo brand coffee is awfully good -LRB- all arabica beans -RRB- and other sources like Baronet , cool pods , java podz and AE are very good .4 -RRB- Price . The Keurig is $ 150 , the Senseo is $ 65 . Keurig supposedly has a sub - $ 100 model coming out in the fall , but if the coffee is n't good , who cares.So , my recommendation is that if you like weak coffee the Keurig can be a fine selection , but I believe most folks will be better off with the Senseo . I wish it were n't so , since the Keurig is so cool looking . Other options to consider are the new Krupps Home Cafe $ 120 -RRB- or the Bunn My Cafe -LRB- $ 199 -RRB- .
 That is right second machine stopped working . This time only after two weeks ! Sure we like the convenience but we are totally frustrated that it has stopped working . Same thing happened to both machines ... stopped pumping water into the coffee and started pumping into the reservoir . UGH we are frustrated ! At the price of the machine and the price of the coffee we will not be trying again .
 Ok , first let me say that this machine does indeed make a good cup of coffee . It also has all the benefits of quick easy coffee with no clean up . But you 've all ready read that on the 10,000 other positive reviews and I wo n't disagree with them . Except for one thing ... The longevity of this machine -LRB- B50 -RRB- absolutely sucks !!! I had my first one for about 10 months before it crapped out . I used it every day -LRB- once a day -RRB- and descaled it regularly using the prescribed method on Keurig 's website . When I called and complained they were true professionals and sent me another one , but the second one lasted almost the exact same amount of time the first one did . If descaling is such an issue then they should allow easier access to the interior components in order to clean it out.I have since found out that this is a common problem with the B50 . I will more than likely upgrade to the B70 because I still do n't think there is a better single cup brewing system out there -LRB- yet -RRB- . I would have given a higher star rating but I wanted to be sure that this review got read . My true rating would probably be around a 4 star .
 1 . Keep your receipt .2 . Call the company with your serial number and verify that it is a recent machine .3 . Buy from Costco or another company with a friendly return policy.In August of 2008 , I bought a Keurig coffeemaker for my husband 's birthday . I bought it from Linen 's and Things which is now out of business in my area . In a few months , I had problems with `` short cupping '' and called the Keurig help line . They wanted the serial number , and they sounded doubtful about how recently I had purchased it because they have n't made that model for some time . But they walked me through the cleaning of orifices process . And we were back in business.A couple months later when it had problems , I was told to run vinegar through the machine and descale it . When I called today . a couple of weeks after `` descaling '' , I was told , after a very suspicious reference to how short a time we have had the machine , that it needed to be `` descaled '' several more times . Instead , I 'm throwing it out and heading to Costco for a dependable coffee maker .
 I had some trouble with the shelves . . the blades that come out the sides really marked up my walls and they even fell several times . . they would be much better if they were sturdier . . they really ca n't hold much . . the idea of them is great I just wish they worked better .
 I purchased this based on the good reviews I read from others . I like a nice strong cup of coffee , but after drinking this I am now aware that there is a whole other level to `` strong coffee '' ! I know this may not sound too pleasant , but the only way I can describe the flavor is that it taste like the bottom of an ashtray . No , I 've never tasted an ashtray ! But if one could imagine what an ashtray taste like , it would be this coffee . I know all those who gave this rave reviews probably want to shoot me , but I think it is only fair that anyone contemplating this magic extra bold coffee , needs to be prepared for possible disappointment . Since we had a whole box to use up , we tried making it several ways - larger cup size , to help weaken it , flavors , extra cream & sugar ... no matter what we did , we could not get that bitter flavor off our tongues ! : -LRB-
 This one does not work well . I thought that it would just allow more pulp into the juice , but it actually somehow causes the juicer to extract less juice and produce very wet pulp that will need to be manually pressed to extract juice .
 That 's what my mother said , and she does n't even like strong coffee ! We got her a Keurig machine for Christmas , and so far have had fun trying the various K-Cups . Mom is leaning towards Wake-Up Call as an everyday coffee , and my wife and I -LRB- who drink Jeremiah 's Pick Fogbuster or Longbottom Black Gold as our morning cup -RRB- think that 's good , too . So , to keep this short , Nantucket Blend does n't taste bad , it just does n't have much flavor . If you like your coffee very mild/weak , you might love it . If you like stronger , bolder , darker blends , forget about it .
 I would n't consider myself a coffee connoisseur , but I do know what I like and this is not it . I found this coffee weak and watery . I ran it in the smallest cup size that my machine makes and it was still weak.I will admit that the flavor was n't bad , but there just was n't enough of it . It tasted like I got a half packed cup . This was one that came as a sample with my Keurig system . I normally prefer French Roast , Sumatran Reserve , Dark Magic - you know something with a kick . But even the Breakfast Blend that I purchased had more flavor . Suffice to say this should be very low on your list if you want something that has a reasonable volume of flavor .
 I received this as a gift . After reviewing our Amazon account , we realized the painting advertised is not the same painting -LRB- poster -RRB- we received . Just take a look at the painting with the title , and then look down to the ` Frequently bought together ... This item : ' -- NOT the same painting . This is definitely a ` bait and switch ' as both paintings are titled the same , but what you receive is poorer quality in color and detail . Learned our lesson on this one !
 This is a prime example of misleading advertising . The poster pictured with the caption is not the one that you will receive if you should choose to buy it . A complete rip-off from an apparently dishonest dealer .
 I 'm a strong coffee drinker and thought to myself that a French Roast is a bold coffee . Well , I did n't find this to be very `` bold '' so I ca n't rate it well according to my taste for coffee.If you like strong coffee like we do - consider these :1 . Timothy 's Midnight Magic -- > BY FAR my favorite ! 2 . Green Mountain Dark Magic3 . Emeril 's Extra BoldThat being said , some people do n't like the strong taste of coffee so take my advice only if you are a strong coffee drinker .
 We love Hazlenut coffee , so we figured that the Gloria Jean version would be great . Boy , were we wrong ... . This was the weakest coffee -LRB- really slightly tinted brown water -RRB- that we have ever tried . After the first K-cup , we tried , the coffee was so weak , I thought that I had done something wrong . And the coffee tasted like hot water . So I made a second cup and watched the coffee as it came out of the Keurig . The last half of the brew was just clear water ... . Terrible.So I grabbed a Green Mountain K-Cup and shook it . I could hear the coffee moving around inside and felt the weight compared the Gloria Jean . No comparison , The Gloria Jean was as light as a feather.We packed up the rest of the box and sent it back . I do n't know what to make of this . Maybe we got a bad batch .
 This rack worked ok but just really added more clutter to the counter . For the same amount of money I bought 2 large reusable baggies from 3LBDC in cute hand-dyed material , -LRB- regular organic cotton-no plastic liners -RRB- and just throw them in the washer and dryer . They work great , a more sustainable solution to plastic baggies and they have reduced my plastic use .
 How do you expect to get to someone 's liking if you do not even know how to spell their name , it is COLOMBIAN , not columbian -LRB- unless it is from Columbia , NY -RRB- :-RRB- ...
 This is not a review of the quality of the product . The quality is very good . It just that polished chrome rod is more like polished nickel , too yellow , even though the bollard anchors are true polished chrome . So they do not match ! I would not buy this item again nor recommend it .
 This fan does move a lot of air , but it 's quite loud even at its lowest setting . I could see it 's use in a more industrial type setting , but as far as a household fan it 's too loud for me . I 'm looking for a different unit to replace this one .
 This Honeywell product is excellent . It works quietly and easily circulates air while providing the desired breeze.I believe the unit will outlive its generous warranty , and would not hesitate to purchase another one if and when it should wear out .
 Do n't always believe what you see advertised on Amazon . Amazon shipped me the smaller version of the fan it advertised but still charged me the same higher price for the large fan it should have sent . I sent the small fan back to Amazon and ordered what I should have received from Kaz.com . The product is great , Amazon 's service was n't .
 My 15 year old 4 speed oscillating fan stopped oscillating , so I decided to get a replacement . Wonder why they call it a `` Turbo High Performance Fan '' ? Ever stood next to a turbo jet on take-off ? Well , you get the idea . Even on its lowest setting it is louder than my old fan on its highest setting . On low , I had to blast up the TV volume . I am not returning this item only because it is throwing good money after bad -- the cost of returning it . I will use it as a spare , load the old 12 gauge and wait for the neighbors to come breaking down the door .
 This item is described as `` whisper quiet . '' Maybe compared to the roar of a lion . Or a window unit air conditioner . Not quiet for a small fan and certainly not `` whisper quiet . ''
 When this fan was marked down in price -LRB- way down -RRB- , I thought I would be able to put up with a fan that was a little loud . Boy , was I wrong - this fan is so loud that I 've never used it off the low setting . Even on low , I have to blast the TV to hear it over the fan . Yes , it 's powerful and gives a good breeze - but if you have to be in the same room , I would plan on wearing ear plugs ...
 Thought I was getting a large and a small fan , since that is what was pictured . Only a large fan was sent . Fan was very , very loud , as other reviewers have said . I was hoping for the smaller fan , one of which I own , which was quiet .
 For the PRICE ! Needless to say that I was much disappointed about the product when I realized that the scrapper is nothing more than an embedded simple razor blade in a plastic handle . I wish manufacture of these stove would tell you that you can use one to scrape burn remaining on glass top . The pad is useless , much smaller than it looks on the packaging at amazon while a regular non-scratch scrub sponge less than $ 1 would suffice .
 I really enjoyed the fan when it worked . But it died within 2 years of owning it and there is no way to repair it . I am sick of buying things that are built to break . I doubt I 'll buy a Honeywell product again .
 Poster is quite pixelated and the colors are much more dull than on the real piece itself , it does not do justice to this beautiful work of art . Having seen the original many times at it 's home at the Prado museum in Madrid , I am very dissapointed with this poor reproduction . This is one of the most fantastic paintings , if not the most , by Bosche and I highly recommend searching elsewhere for a quality reproduction - even if you have to shell out some extra money it 's worth it since this is a famously intricate painting where detail matters immensely .
 I bought this print as a placeholder for when I 'd have the funds for a larger , higher-quality print . The colors are dull , sure , but it 's expected for such a low price.I was very surprised to see that the piece itself is cropped in a significant way . There are actually scenes missing . This print was $ 1.39 when I bought it , so I ca n't complain too much , but it 's certainly not worth the price they 're asking for now . Whether you 're looking for something framed or something cheap , do yourself a favor and make sure you 're ordering the complete piece .
 I was very disappointed in this coffee from Van Houtte . It was weak , when it claimed to be bold . I had to add instant coffee to render it drinkable .
 I thought that I 'd love this when I originally saw this in the store , so I asked for one for my birthday . When I finally removed the tags and stuck my hand into it , it felt wrong . When I went to grab my first cookie sheets from the oven , the sheet almost slipped out of my hand . I then re-adjusted , and ended up destroying a cookie.The biggest problem I have with this is that the spacing is fine for the 4 fingers in the hand , but the thumb has nothing but problems . I would much prefer if one size was sized for the 4 fingers , and the other for a single thumb . Otherwise , it is extremely difficult to visualize where the pressure you apply actually goes.My girlfriend picked up on a similar issue in the fact that the thumb side needs to be shorter than the finger side . When I tried again , I noticed that was also a major part of the problem.Even after trying this grabber quite a bit , I find it extremely cumbersome to use .
 Like the other reviewers , I just could n't find a way to use this `` grabber '' that did n't cause problems that do n't happen with other silicone grabbers . I thought Kitchen Aid would have a better product but they do n't . Do n't assume as I did that all Kitchen Aid products are quality . It is hard to use !
 I was looking for an alternative to using dirty nasty potholders , and this looked so clean and easy . But as has been noted before , the 4 finger part is ok , but I have small hands and even with just the small gripper , I can barely hang on to a cookie sheet without my hand coming out of the gripper , the thumb part needs to be made lots smaller . I still think the idea is a good one , I like clean simple items , but I hav n't seemed to master hanging on with one hand . Using two , one for each hand at the same time , would probably work lots better .
 I could certainly go on for more than 20 words about how much I hated this coffee . Fortunately I did n't pay for it because it came with my machine as a sampler . Yuck ! It does n't taste like good coffee and it does n't taste like French Vanilla . Point blank I could n't even finish the cup and had to pour it down the drain . The aftertaste is even worse . I do n't understand how anyone could give this a positive review but I guess it 's all a matter of individual preference .
 I love vanilla flavored coffee , it 's just simple and delicious . I was really excited to try this one , I thought it was going to be my favorite . But it has zero vanilla flavor ! I ca n't even taste a hint of vanilla ! It just tastes like weak coffee . I was really disappointed . If someone could recommend a better vanilla coffee I would appreciate it !
 I do love my Keurig coffee machine , and have sampled a wide variety of coffee flavors they offer . This one is NOT one of my favorites . It 's acidic , and that overpowers the vanilla and coffee flavors . You can do much better . The two best I 've tried so far are Green Mountain Wild Mountain Blueberry and Gloria Jean 's Mudslide -LRB- chocolatey -RRB- . If vanilla is your favorite flavor , I would try the Green Mountain or Gloria Jean version , or one of the others .
 I love French vanilla coffee and was looking forward to this . It turned out to be a huge disappointment because all I could taste was the milk I put in the coffee.When you read reviews of the Keurig coffee makers , people recommend using bolder , darker roasts . The Van Houtte French Vanilla is a light roast so I obviously knew it was n't going to be strong . But to be devoid of any flavor is not acceptable . When I made the coffee this morning , I even paused the Keurig during the brew cycle to wet the grounds better in order to produce a more flavorful cup . I also used the 8 oz setting rather than the 10 oz setting on my machine . None of this had any effect . The coffee pouring into my cup was a nice , rich color but there was no coffee or vanilla aroma emanating from it.In this case , I honestly do n't understand the positive reviews on this product . I actually like light roasts but this is the first time I 've had one that left me wondering where the coffee and the vanilla flavor was .
 Lurid ... weak , chemical tasting all describes this K-Cup . French Vanilla is not the best flavor but Van Houttes makes it seem like the worst . If you like weak , chem-tasting coffee then you will love this !
 Not as impressed with brand of coffee . It was very weak with the flavor . I would recommend the Green Mountain French Vanilla .
 I received two of these in a sampler package I had ordered through Keurig.com I made one cup , added my Coffeemate and Splenda ... and ... EWW ! It was so bad I poured the rest down the sink and threw away the other K-Cup . I will not be ordering this variety EVER .
 I bought these k-cups at the store to try out in my Keurig single cup coffee maker , they are horrible . Absolutely no french vanilla taste at all , it 's not just a weak taste , there is NO TASTE ! And to make sure it was n't just my taste buds , I made several more cups -LRB- using 1 k-cup per mug of coffee of course -RRB- for family members to see if they could guess what flavor it was , none of them knew and when I told them it was french vanilla , they were of course surprised since you ca n't taste anything at all.I will never buy Van Houtte again , what a waste of money .
 I was so excited when I received my new chairs . The were easy to put together and look beautiful . The durability of the chairs is questionable . You can not put much weight on the backs of the chairs while sitting . Both of my chairs broke . It is almost like the pegs used in the assembly are cheap . They actually break into a dusty mess . Which is kind of ironic , because the tag said that they are `` fine furniture '' . If I knew that the chairs were so cheap , I would have not purchased them .
 I ordered this back in June and as of November 13th I still have n't received it .
 It was great for awhile !!! Too bad I can not find the leak . Now what do I do?Wasted $ 100 ! I put it on top of my old mattress , so why the leak ? Just spent athousand on a new mattress set . Shoulda just got a latex topper for under $ 200 . Oh well.Jan
 We purchased this product on 10/27/09 . In less than a month , it already began leaking . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this piece for my husband for Christmas and it did not come with the authentic certification , as it states . Also , it clearly shows it was made in China on the bottom of the piece , which was really disappointing and cheapened the gift . The hawk is cool looking , but only purchase this if you want something that was made in mass production .
 We used this several times over the course of four weeks - and then I noticed that the inside had rusted !! We always wash it right away and let it air dry - which I do n't think is expecting too much - but apparently we should have been patting it down !? I 've never had a cheese grated rust on me before , so this was a big disappointment . Buying a new one right now - total waste of money .
 Bought this grater as a gift for my daughter and was alarmed when it arrived . The rubber handle and nonskid gasket on the bottom had a very heavy petroleum/moth ball -LRB- naphthalene -RRB- like odor , which persisted despite several washings and airing in the sun . As a matter of fact , it stunk up the entire dishwasher when first washed , and the odor in the dishwasher remained for several days . The size is also huge - much bigger than expected , and therefore not easy to store . I would have returned it had we not washed it , but instead had to toss it into the trash . The odor must certainly be toxic .
 Had to return the item right away due to unbearable rubbery smell and very bulky/too big frame . The smell , perhaps , might wash off with a few washes , but it was such a turn off to start with - i did n't even want to try ...
 Avoid at all costs . What I thought looked like a good product in the picture , has completely disappointed me . The rubber handle and rubber sleeve on the bottom are made of some nasty rubber material that literally stinks and does not stop stinking . I 've had rubber mallets made of the same rubber and the smell never , ever goes away . Bad product .
 We love the idea of this table but found several main problems :1 -RRB- Cheaply made -- the legs on aon put his foot through the hole in one of the benches while standing on it , which is very dangerous and if my husband had n't been there to catch him , he would have fallen over with his foot still stuck in the bench3 -RRB- Stains easily -- even crayon marks do n't wipe off easily from the surface of this table and marker stains are permanentAll in all , not happy with this product particularly for the price
 The ironing board came in a cardboard envelope and was damaged in shipping . Amazon did reimburse me for re-boxing fees when I returned the product because I destroyed the box in unpacking the ironing board . Aside from the minor shipping damage , the folded locking mechanism would not engage -LRB- and this part was not damaged -RRB- . By design , these ironing boards do n't allow draping the shirt over the end that holds the iron , and I see this as a limitation , since the iron rest ca n't be removed .
 I ordered this lamp ... I guess the seller didnt have it because he sent me a lighting system that I need to install into a wall . Not cool ... will be contacting amazon
 I am a light sleeper with neck problems and really like Pacific Coast 's AllerRest all-down pillows . When I called the company for pillow information , a customer service rep told me one price but when I went to order online the website listed a higher price . I sent customer service two emails asking for clarification . No response . I called twice but only got their voice mail . I saw later on that other customers also complained about the companies poor customer service . So BEWARE !
 So hard to find this size , I am sorry I bought this one , scratchy . Also pills after a while . I 've tossed it .
 Having some very old cedar closets , I had hoped that a good sanding and this product would rejuvenate the wood . The sanding did help the appearance of the wood . The oil did nothing for the fragrance . The oil does not smell anything like fresh cedar planks . Fortunately , the smell does dissipate quickly . Those hoping that this oil will produce an authentic cedar wood smell may be advised to look elsewhere .
 This radio did not cost much , and did not provide very good service . The tuner was poor , it always drifted off station . The reception was weak as well .
 I bought this radio because my last one that I bought in 6 dollars from walmart was broken from its antena and now it could play channels but there was static most of the time . I was too excited about new radio . I got my radio yesterday and it was biggest disapointment for me . This radio had more static than the broken one I had . none of SW cannel is working they are there just for show . None of these channels is clear enough that you can understand something . I will suggest either get some radio that can only work with AM/FM but have clear sound or spend more money and get something that works
 Well it had to happen eventually . Someone would put together some pieces from the current-generation dirt-cheap bin of radio components , slap a digital frequency counter on it , and presto , a world band radio with digital display for twelve bucks . Enter the JX-M14 . And it 's an idea whose time has come - needle-and-dial tuning might have been cool in the early 20th century , but in the early 21st , with hundreds of broadcasts spread over a dozen different bands , it just does n't fly . Ask anyone who 's tried to find a specific shortwave frequency on an dial-tuned radio , it 's frustrating . This is the crux of the little JWin ; you can sit down with a list of shortwave programming , tune to a frequency , and -LRB- conditions permitting -RRB- there it is.Granted , it 's still a twelve dollar radio . Using the whip antenna alone produces the same results as any other inexpensive radio you 've ever used . But here 's a little secret unique to the JX-M14 - it handles a LARGE antenna with ease . Hooking up a rooftop mounted antenna by means of a loose wire connected to the antenna 's coaxial cable , I could listen to Vatican Radio and Voice of Iran way out here in SoCal . Very impressive.The unit has it 's foibles . It always selects the FM band by default when turned on , so if you plan on using it as a travel alarm clock , you 'd better like FM . And you might be a little late - the clock is usually a few minutes slow by battery changing time . The small speaker can be remarkably loud when turned up , but it reproduces the fingernails-on-chalkboard high-pitched whistles and whines from distant stations and interference more notably than any other portable radio I 've owned . The small inset tuning wheel is unusually stiff , enough so that comfortable long-term listening is pretty much out of the question.But the big sore spot against it , the one that , for me , sent it from the five-star blessing to the two-star curse , is that after several months of average everyday use , the band selector switch has become worn and loose . Apparently how well the tuner holds a frequency is determined by the switch position , so that once it becomes eroded , the result is bizarre random drifting and very vague spot-on tuning . Enough so that tuning is impossible and the radio is unuseable.So here 's two stars for the features and the idea of a very inexpensive world band radio with a digital readout . An idea JWin -LRB- or someone else -RRB- can do better the second time around .
 RADIO HAS GOOD SOUND HOWEVER THE ON/OFF SLIDE SWITCH DOES NOT OPERATE SO IN ORDER TO TURN THE RADIO ON AND OFF YOU MUST REMOVE THE BATTERIES . THIS IS VERY TROBLESOME AND NOT VERY GOOD . POOR DESIGN THE SWITCH SHOULD HAVE BEEN A MORE DURABLE TYPE OF SWITCH .
 This is not 2-Inch Drapery Ring . The actual outer diameter is 1.8 '' , while the actual inner diameter is 1.4 '' .
 When did 2 inch become 13/4 ? Inside measurement was only 11/2 inch and out only 13/4 . Now I 'm left with these drapery rings that are too small to even operate correctly on a 1 inch rod . It would cost too much in shipping to return . Umbra should state exact measurements on the package and advertising . I was VERY disappointed , to say the least .
 After reading reveiws , I ordered queen size for my full size bed it fit , the design is very pretty , and good quality . For the price was very happy and it matched very well . I am giving it a 4 becuase of having to get a bigger size.I dont beleive it is hand made , mostly machine stiching
 I have had a Krups Moka Brew Coffee Maker for over 1 Year . Every time I ran out of filters , I became annoyed because the filters were `` Not Available '' and severely overpriced . So I tried a couple of alternatives . You can purchase Chemex Filters -- From which you can cut 9 Moka Brew Size Filters from each 12x12 ' Chemex filter . That means that for the price of a single box of 100 Chemex filters -LRB- cost approx $ 10 -RRB- , you can create 900 Moka Brew filters -LRB- cost approx $ 54 -RRB- . Alternatively , you can purchase a package of 5 Yama Cloth Filters -LRB- cost approx $ 6 -RRB- - which fit the moka brew perfectly . Each Yama cloth filter is reusable and will last approximately three months . Therefore a single package of 5 Yama Filters will last you for 15 months !!! Moreover , the taste of Moka Brewed Coffee with the Yama filters is substantially superior to the overpriced and constantly unavailable Krups Moka Brew Paper Filters.All in all , the Krups Moka Brew filters , are almost never available from any source - and when they are they are way overpriced . For me , the Chemex or Yama Filter alternatives are a MUCH better choice .
 The instructions for this product were fairly clear and the product easy to assemble . That takes care of the two stars.My ironing board is a Polder IB-4815-570 Quicksilver Ironing Board . I figured - Polder ironing board , Polder ironing board mount - sugar pops and candy cane right ? Wrong.The board is too heavy for the the mount . Note that this is not a `` heavy '' board . It is not the super lightweight boards that college students use , but it is very far from a top-of-the-line ironing board.As soon as I hung the board on the mount , the arms of the mount immediately splayed , the entire apparatus bowed out from the door and the thingy that keeps the two arms together threatened to slip out and cause all and sundry to fall crashing to the floor.After twisting and turning for a few minutes hoping that it was the way it was hung over the door , my sister and I gave up . My ironing board is now standing in the corner behind a door . The mount I hung over the bathroom door - I use it for my towels.So be warned
 I purchased this Ironing Board Hanger cause I have a ` Y ' shaped board like the one in the picture . When you hand the board on it , the hanger twists a little thus not hanging flat against the closet door . Also , the whole contraption hangs too high up so the door wo n't even close when the actual iron is on it .
 I bought a Polder ironing board from Amazon and figured the Polder holder should work . Wrong . The arms are too flimsy and they twist under load . The ironing board then falls out .
 This product was simply garbage and that is where it ended up just minutes after attempting to hang the ironing board on it ... in the garbage !
 I just purchased this product and when I tried to place my 4 leg iron on it it slipped right through . I have a fairly standard board from macy 's so I dont think it was because of that . It was very flimsy to begin with anyway . The pieces fit together loosely and it had dirt on it when i took it out of the plastic wrapper which should have been the first clue . If you have anything other than a T bar iron board this product is not for you
 This product is no good for V shaped ironing board legs . When you move the door it 's hanging from the board falls down . Material is also very flimsy .
 The application I was looking for to - hang my iron up - this holder did not work for me . I was unable to put the iron upright and when I put it flat the water would all come out - not good . So , I chose another model .
 The picture shows an ironing board with significantly longer feet than ours has . The holder was too loose/wide to hold our board up .
 We do not have a heavy ironing board , but apparently it is too heavy for this . I 've tried to hang the ironing board inside the closet and the apparatus keeps the door from completely closing . When we hang it outside the door , same frustrating situation . I have a cat that loves to sleep inside the closet and she leaves her beautiful white hair over every shoe and piece of clothing in the closet . So I now have one useless metal contraption hanging over my door and an abundance of cat hair in the closet . I definitely do not suggest you buy this over-the-door ironing board hanger unless you have an extremely light ironing board -LRB- maybe a mini board will work ? -RRB- and no cat/dog in the house . There has got to be a better designed product to help store the board .
 I 've had my Keurig for about two years . It broke and I 've tried everything . Scale has built up in the pump and now they are recommending you use filtered water . How about having a filter built in like a brita ? No amount of descaling using vinegar has been able to get my Keurig working consistently . This product is designed so that there is no way to open it up to clean out scale that has built up inside of the machine . And of course , Keurig can do nothing but offer me the same model at a discount . I think for a $ 100 + coffee pot , it should work longer than two years . -LRB- I do not leave my machine on when I am not using it and make two cups a day at most . So I 'd consider it lightly used . -RRB-
 I received the Keurig B70 model as a Christmas present upon request . I was very happy and excited to use this brewer and k-cups , and it worked fine for approx . 8 months . I followed the cleaning and de-scaling instructions , but it would intermittently have trouble brewing . It would work after re-booting , but progressively got worse . The coffee maker lasted for a year and a half , and at that point it completely quit . De-scaling did n't work , and it seemed that the system sounded like it was trying to brew a cup , but the water would never come out . The support line was extremely unhelpful . All they recommended was cleaning the system , and unclogging the tips . After telling them I did this twice in one week with no help , all they could offer me was a $ 70 discount towards a new Keurig coffee maker since it was past the one year warranty . Spending $ 150 on a coffee maker that lasts a year and a half is ridiculous ! Why would I buy another one ?
 It was so great to be able to have fresh cups of coffee instead of stale . Kcups worked great and love the variety . BUT after less than 6 months , it started pouring out only HALF of the coffee it was supposed to . I researched online and found MANY OTHER complaints about the same problem . Most said you can just turn the maker upside down and ` spank ' it a few times to get it working again . I tried that and it did help for about 3 days . I had just previously cleaned out the maker using their instructions , and also made sure drip area was not plugged . Now all I get -LRB- after 3 times the time it took to previously make full cup -RRB- is half cup of coffee . What is especially interesting is this seems worse whenever I use Newman 's Extra Bold kcups , so I 'm wondering if perhaps the k-cups could contribute to the problem.Whatever the reason , I now either have to buy a new Keurig -LRB- and plan on buying new one every six months -RRB- - or go back to instant coffee . What a shame !
 Do n't waste your money - mine broke after a year and a half and when I called they told me the best they could do is give me deal on buying a new one for 80 dollars !! What - no thanks - we just spent $ 189 on one a year and a half ago ! Find another system - I am very disappointed ! Oh and I have known 6 other people who have had to return theirs within the first two years . So , I would wait to give this a review until you have had it about two years - I am guessing yours will break too - or do n't register it so they do n't know when you bought it - you will be out a lot of money !
 Do n't buy to expensive , first one only lasted about 13 months . Because we had a lot of K-cups bought another it lasted 2 weeks took it back to Kohl 's department store and they replaced it . The new one was not even used because the water tank did ` not fit properly -LRB- the plastic hook would not hold the tank in place -RRB- returned it for another an hopefully it will last longer than the others . We only make no more than 3 cups a day .
 I purchased two of these
 This is my 2nd coffee maker from Keurig and they both came down with the same problem after about a year . They just stop working . I 've de-scaled it on a regular basis and even went so far as to only use filtered water on the 2nd machine . Do n't get me wrong I love the coffee , but to only last about a year and to fork out over $ 100 each time is just not cost effective for me ... I 've owned a Cuisinart drip coffee maker over 5 yrs and paid around $ 100 and it still works great ... My suggestion is to make sure you register it and keep your factory warranty information because I 'm 90 % sure you will be asking for a replacement before the warranty runs out ...
 Mine has worked perfectly as far as brewing , no priming errors etc. . Over the last couple of months it 's been having power issues though . It will randomly shut off , the menu wo n't work etc. . I called Keurig and they say nothing can be done and offered to sell me a new one discounted for 79.99 . I 'm conflicted since I love it so much -LRB- I 'm the only person in my family that drinks coffee -RRB- and use just the hot water feature often to make tea . Thinking of trying the new Bunn but it does not have a reservoir or an off button . I just hate to give repeat business to Keurig for these makers that do n't last very long for how expensive they are . My brewer is about 20 months old .
 I had high hopes for the top-end Keurig machine . Lots of size options , control of water temperature , ability to make iced drinks . So I bought it . Immediately found out that most of the K-cups I tried had a slightly burnt flavor -- and I tried lots of types , Green Mountain , Caribou , Coffee People , Timothy 's . Found out that the Green Mountain Kenya AA did not taste burnt , so I might suggest sticking with that -- if your machine should happen to keep working.Within about six months , mine decided to have spasms of not brewing -- boiling , spitting -- but nothing coming out of the spout . Read a few other posts -- people suggested removing the water reservoir , that this breaks a vacuum . Did that . Sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n't . Tried the old give it a tap where the pump seems to be located . Worked sometimes , not others . Today , total death . So I paid almost 200 bucks for something that works some of the time for 18 months . Ugh . Stay away .
 I have had 4 faulty Keurig brewers ! They have each said `` prime '' on the screen and Keurig has replaced each one and acknowledged there is a problem . They are sending me my 5th brewer which is an upgrade that I argued for because the other 4 have been so bad . They claim the problem is fixed but you could have fooled me as I 'm on my 5th brewer in 8 months ! I love how the machine operates and the coffee is really good , I just wish they would fix the flaw . On the upside , the customer services people are very friendly ! So , purchase at your own risk , if it works , you will love it !
 It is the best coffee maker I 've ever owned . The trouble is it does not last very long . The first one I bought stopped working in about 20 months . Since I really loved the way it worked while it did , I bought another one . This one stopped working after 14 months . -LRB- The warranty is for 12 months . -RRB- I may go and buy another one but I 'll buy an extended warranty at the same time .
 some times it works fine some times it wont take water into the system to make coffe have to shake it a little then it will take the water in
 after receiving a keurig as a gift i was so excited . the coffee was good and the operation was simple . i then purchased 4 as gifts and 3 others purchased it after seeing it at my house . this appliance has a life span of about 6 mos to 18 months . you can descale all you want the appliance dies after that time . not one is still working after 18 months . i am waiting for a call back from keurig for 5 days now , still no result . if i had checked with consumers before i bought them i would have seen the low rating . i think that almost $ 200 . for such a short life span is much too much money and the service is terrible .
 Purchased a B-70 to replace a defective older model . -LRB- Keurig sold me the replacement at a very slight discount -RRB- . The B-70 worked for 2 years , began stopping after expelling about 1 ounce of water . Only way to proceed was to unplug unit , plug it back in , turn unit on , press the brew button causing another 1 ounce to dispense , then repeat entire process . Tried clearing out both needles , but did n't help . Had regularly descaled previously , but could n't further descale because unit would only dispense about 1 ounce . Only had used filtered water in machine . Called Keurig customer service . Rep , without any justification , accused me of not properly taking care of machine . Offered new machine at very slight discount -LRB- same price as sold at Costco -RRB- . I refused offer . Told rep of my dissatisfaction with machine that retailed for $ 170 lasting 2 years . She could care less . Rep asked what I thought Keurig should do . Told her that Keurig should either replace machine or sell new machine to me at reasonable discount . Keurig customer service rep actually laughed at me . Folks , this machine makes decent coffee and is extremely convenient . However , the B70 will invariably at some point break your heart . I 'd look at something else unless you do n't mind aggravation down the road . Do n't just listen to me ; do a Google search on the net to read about the truly unbelievable level of problems experienced by purchasers of this machine .
 Like most of those who have posted , I bought this model about six months ago . True , it makes a GREAT cup of coffee but clearly there is a problem with these things lasting more than six months . We use -LRB- d -RRB- this coffeemaker on average three times in the morning . That 's it.My problem is the pump quit working . I have not yet contacted Keurig but I wonder whether the GREAT coffee is worth the hassle if these things need to be replaced every six months ... ?
 I thought this was the best thing since sliced bread ... until the brew size stopped working , I am on my second machine and the same thing is happening after only a few months with the replacement and now the temp . is not very hot . Great idea but they need to work out the problems !
 I had to return this product , because it did not work . It cost me $ 23.19 in return shipping with UPS , which the seller did not cover . I will not buy from this seller again .
 We bought this maker as an upgrade . We have 2 of the smaller older models both in our offices . This one looks great , makes a wider variety of sizes , makes a hot fast cup , and is VERY quiet . The big problem we encountered was it required a full day of decanting -LRB- running vinegar through the machine instead of water -RRB- to get the flavor cleaned up . The initial 15 cups tasted so much like PLASTIC we had to dump them ! So after a series of decanting and then running only water for about 10 containers full , it is now making a tasty cup of regular coffee . Of course , this may not be the coffee maker for people who love the last cup from a pot that 's been brewing all day .
 We purchased this machine in early February 2011 and have tried a Design of Experiments on the various settings and coffee types to get a decent cup of coffee . I have concluded that this machine is incapable of making a decent cup of coffee . It is consistent though . The output from the device is a cup of hot , coffee-flavored water with tones of fresh plastic . I will be going back to my press pot , which offers more options for brewing coffee . Luckily for me , Amazon Prime has a great return policy . Thank you , Amazon , for that . 5 stars for Amazon and 1 star for this product.If you enjoy your coffee on the lighter side , then this machine will probably be okay . But , go with one of the lower priced models . The larger volume settings produce a worthless cup of coffee , so you will most likely never use it . We even purchased the reusable filter and I could not get a good result for the 2 highest volume settings . Maybe our machine is defective , but I have decided that there is nothing wrong with the press pot after trying one of these .
 Keurig B70 failed within 30 days . A total engineering and quality failure . Wo n't pump water to fill a cup and the LCD display started to fritz out . Save your time and get a plain drip maker . Keurig quality has gone totally south and they are n't interested in taking care of their customer . We will never buy another Keurig product ever !!!
 It is out of warranty so Keurig -LRB- Green Mountain Coffee Roasters -RRB- is replacing this for $ 80.00 ; however , I must return the K-Cup holder and MY expense to prove that I am not fraudulent !
 We bought ourselves a Keurig for Christmas . Although it makes weak coffee , we have enjoyed it -LRB- this whole week -RRB- . But we 're returning it ... why ? It KEEPS WATER IN IT ALWAYS . We are only weekend or company over coffee drinkers . So we find it very unpalatable to always be drinking coffee after water has sat in it for a week or more . Yes , they tell you how to `` purge '' it . But that involves adding more water so the water flows through , it still keeps water inside . THERE IS NO WAY TO EMPTY THE WATER . It wo n't even show you the menu until you have it loaded with water . Not a good idea for weekend drinkers . Now I 'm looking for a pod brewer that actually empties .
 I wish there was a no star rating . This coffee maker is nothing more than expensive plastic garbage . It lasted just long enough for the warranty to expire . `` Probably the pump gave out , we can offer you a sizable discount on a new one '' You ca n't you repair the pump and the sizable discount is about 20 % . Big deal , why would I throw good money after bad . Save yourself lots of money , do n't buy this coffee maker .
 In this review of the Platinum B70 , I am not trying to make fun of people who like weak coffee . My mother likes weak coffee , and so do most of her friends . If you like weak coffee , this unit might be for you . If not , read further to see why this unit is NOT for you.Yes it looks like a BREWING MONSTER , but its not . The regular K-cups make weakly brewed `` camp coffee '' or after-mass old-lady coffee . Even the Extra Bold K-cups do NOT produce strong coffee . Yes , they 're strongly flavored -LRB- Toffee , Vanilla , ect . . -RRB- . Yes , they 're extra burnt tasting -LRB- the roasting process taken too far -RRB- . Yes , they 're extra bitter tasting -LRB- Old coffee , burnt beans and chemically processed beans -RRB- , but they are not even close to pleasingly strong tasting coffee or espresso -LRB- an approiate volumne of mild , medium , or boldly roasted fresh grounds in the K-cups and adaquiate hot water for coffee or adaquiate steam for espresso to extract the flavor from the grounds , both of which depend on the right tempature -RRB- . It was exciting to get the B70 ; because , preivously , I had used one of Keurig 's actual Espresso Machines . Wow , the Espresso Machine I used made awesome , strong tasting espresso and pleasent coffee that was not bitter at all . Sorry , I do not remember the unit 's number . It also produced a Caffine induced JOLT when desired.However , the first use of the Keurig B70 Platinum , was truely perplexing . It seemed to make the weak tasting coffee that the old ladys at my mom 's church like , and even this was a little on the bitter side for my taste . I took out all of the sample k-cups from a sample pack I picked up and began to brew them to find the one that I would like . After the first few , I realized that I was aiming too high . I needed to find one that would be acceptable . In all honesty , I could not.Many had a decent , weak flavor in the onset , but a bitter aftertaste soon followed . More importantly , many gave me the heartburn that chemically processed beans often produce . I was about to take the B70 back , but first I wanted to make sure that this machine was not defective.I called Keurig to inquire about the B70 . They asked me if I had used their , `` brew your own '' Filter kit . I had not . The explained that it was essentually a filter the size of a K-cup that is placed in a grey plastic canster like the black one in the machine that you put the K-cup into . They said that this kit would allows people to use their favorite coffee beans and fill the filter cup to the volume necessary to brew the strength they desired.Wow , the Filter kit sounded great in theory , but later in practice , there were a few problems . First , I like Espresso , so I really need stronger steam-extraction , not hot water brewing . Second , when I tried this method , it took a lot of coffee grounds to make the right flavor , which will get expensive compared to other machines made to make true espresso and strong coffee.Thirdly , the filter kit is plastic and plastic takes on the flavor of oils . So after several brews , the oils from the grounds made the filter smell like mildewy coffee . This inturn made my coffee taste like mildewey coffee , like you get when you go to a bad espresso joint that does not clean their espresso machine often enough -LRB- yes I cleaned it after every use and even brewed vinegar with the filters in the machine -RRB- . Finally , filling the grounds to the top of the filter creates to much pressure . The pressure involved hurt the b70 machine , so it began to fail . I have a friend who owns one of the other b60 or b40 machines and they had the same problem -LRB- wish I had talked with them first -RRB- . Anyways , I sent it back in time to get a refund and now I am looking for a better machine.If you like weaker coffee -LRB- again , not trying to make fun of people who do -RRB- and you like consistancy , this unit is for you . I only gave it a 1 star cause it provides K-cups labeled as `` Espresso '' and this machine does not make espresso . Espresso is made from steam , not hot water . Further , it does not even brew strong coffee that is not bitter unless you use the filter kit that is a seperate purchase and even this option eventually fails to make coffee that is not bitter due to the filter being made of plastic . Furthermore , using the filter kit and filling it all the way caused the machine to break prematurely .
 I was really excited to get this machine , hearing lots of good reviews about it and exploring the over 200 fabulous -LRB- sounding -RRB- flavors that are offered . However , when i got the machine , there was only one taste i could find
 I purchased this coffee maker from Amazon . I have had it about 2 weeks and it brewed coffee excellent . There were no leaks or any problems . This morning I put a cup in and turned it to brew and nothing happened . It tried to pump and then shut off . I fooled around with it for about 1/2 hour , but finally declared that it had died . I really liked it and will order another as soon as I get a refund on this one . I hope I can give it a better review than I did this one .
 I have owned mine for 2 years , Loved the coffee , and consistency of the brew , However had to replace after 5 months , and now again after 2 years . For a $ 200 coffee maker I expect more . I a Thermos brewer that is 15 years old and does just as good a job and is more copacetic when entertaining . The Keurig is too slow and requires too much time and attention to brew 8 cups of coffee for company after a meal.There are better brewers for the money . Again a Coffee maker that brews into a thermos will give you fresh tasting coffee . If you are thinking the variety of coffee would be nice , you are looking at a ton of money to purchase and being tied down to mail order for your coffee supply . Customer service is on East Coast time M-F 8:30 to 5:00 pm , if that works for you great , I am on the West Coast and I have my own employment so walking me through processes to fix my machine would require me taking time off work . Yea , I do n't think so.It is not a very good use of my $ $ and time , I can say after using it for 2 years . Keep it simple and buy a less expensive single cup brewer , if that is what you want , one that you can buy the pods for at the grocery store .
 During the past few months I have been stopping frequently at my local coffee shop for various different coffee drinks ; not necessarily a fancy drink , just a good cup of coffee . My fourteen year old daughter had lately developed a taste for coffee , also , so I decided that the good old Cuisinart coffee maker was n't good enough ! I initially thought I would like a cappuccino/espresso maker , but after reading the reviews of the Keurig , I decided that it was the one . I purchased the B-70 because it was the top of the line and probably was the best bet . I also purchased the K-filter so I could use my favorite Tim Horton 's ground coffee . It looked very cool , but every cup of coffee we made , with the k cups , with the filter , flavored or none , had this awful , metal after taste . I had read several reviews that said it tasted like brown water , however , the dark roast coffees were plenty strong enough , just that everything ended up tasting like metal . My son said that we should give it a few days , perhaps it was just because it was new . So , we did give it a few days , and it still tasted like metal ! So , I packed it up and returned it and am back to using my Cuisinart coffee maker ! The Keurig is a great concept and it worked great-the coffee was made in a minute and was piping hot , just not great tasting . It 's not loud at all ; I do n't know what some of the reviewers are talking about with that ! It looks very nice , but handsome is as handsome does and my family and I just were not pleased with the after taste . I think now I will look for a cappuccino/espresso maker !
 Well you 're in luck.If it was n't for so many other commonplace consumer blunders , I would be shocked that these Keurig units have become a mainstay in coffee drinking culture . The fundamental problems as I see it with all these singe serve models are :1 . You pay more for coffee .2 . The coffee is generally poor quality to start , but the brewing process ensures a bad cup of coffee .3 . There are now millions of non-recyclable little plastic cups headed for the landfill.Want a good single cup of coffee , get a quick boiler and a french press , or a single drip cup for over your mug.Virtually any other method of producing a single cup of coffee -LRB- while taking perhaps 30 sec . more time -RRB- will give you a better cup at a cheaper price .
 My machine died after 1yr and 10 mo. . ThAt is why they only give one yr warranty . Also it clogs up frequently . I do n't recommend the keurig
 We had this thing for slightly over a year and it quit working . After two nights in the garage I finally managed to get the thing apart and found out a water solenoid was bad . Guess what , you ca n't buy parts according to Keurig . How green is that . I do n't mind spending alot for a nice machine like the Keurig but for gods sake it should be fixable . Next time it 's a cheap Mr Coffee so I can chuck it . Sad world !
 ... then you will need to buy another one . On my third sold from various sources . They all died like clockwork at around 13-15 months .
 I have owned this coffee maker for 3 years . I am pretty picky about my coffee makers so it gets decalcified often . At first it seemed like a great idea . 1 cup , no more wasted coffee , or cold nasty coffee sitting on the burner for a long time . Shortly after my parents and sister bought one . Theirs started acting up at about 1 year into using it . They would only brew partial cups , and finally gave out and keurig replaced them . After talking to a couple other owners they had the same problem and keurig replaced them . Just for the record , these machine are made super cheap , and keurig does n't make their money on these , they make it on the coffee cups . As long as you are still buying their cups they are making tons of money on an extremely small amount of coffee . Coffee that was ground many months before and no longer tastes fresh . I would not be buying another one due to waste their cups produce , and the added expense of `` single serve `` After going back to a french press I remembered what fresh real coffee tastes like
 How frustrating ! I used it without problem for the entire 10 months . Then all of a sudden this morning , I brew one cup of coffee and it was apparently its last . It 's just dead . No error message , no weird noises . Just a dead , blank screen . I had such high hopes mine would be the exception . But no . I hesitate to get another one , but it 's just so darn convenient . If anyone has tried the Tassimo as a replacement to the Keurig -- is it any better ?
 I have bought one of these 2 + years ago and this is my 3rd one . Mine has failed repeatedly search Keurig Problem and look at how often the solenoid valve fails , the pump wo n't pump , the lines plug , etc. - people using compressed air to blow out the lines , pinching off the recycle line to the tank , using only distilled water , etc - I have done all of that and here is the easiest route if you choose the path of this coffee maker . I bought mine where there is a no questions asked return policy , first failure to pump and the machine is boxed up and exchanged for a new one . Hopefully this method will put enough failed units on the manufacturers doorstep for them to build a better machine . If you buy one , get extended warranty as you can see from searches most people are past a year of ownership.I like the tea from these machines . I use a tassimo for coffee as it makes a better and stronger cup .
 I was amazed when I first received this coffee maker as a gift . The idea of brewing single cups of fresh coffee was very appealing to me . As much as I like the idea of it -LRB- and appreciate the thought of those who gave it to me -RRB- , I have not been satisfied for the following reasons :1 . It does not make very strong coffee , and there is no way to change this .2 . K cups are expensive compared to brewing entire pots from fresh ground coffee , and I send a lot of these plastic cups to the landfill .3 . Within 8 months it began exhibiting the widely-publicized and discussed `` short cup '' problem , for which no real solution seems to exist . The result is that when brewing a cup , half of the water intended for your serving of coffee is instead redirected into the reservoir , leaving you with just a half cup of coffee.Even though this is an expensive coffee system and Keurig clearly knows about the `` short cup '' problem -LRB- as their own customer service reps refer to it -RRB- , they do not seem interested in correcting the defect -LRB- even though they are pretty good about sending you a new unit , which also develops the problem after a number of months -RRB- . I will not be replacing this with another Keurig.UPDATE -LRB- 18-Jan-2012 -RRB-
 We have had 3 of the Keurig platinum coffee makers over the past 4 years . Despite using distilled water for almost every single cup we made , the coffee maker still got scaled up . we have cleaned ours numerous times with vinegar and we have been dissappointed with the results . We love the k-cups and the variety of coffee we can use but we will be trying a different k-cup machine besides the keurig next time : - -LRB-
 I purchased the higher-end Keurig a year ago and loved it . It kept me happy until it began to clog . I would place the coffee pod into the machine , and water would not process through the pod . It would overflow the pod and make a mess . I rinsed it with clean water and still , it would clog . Nothing worked ! It was junk . A few co-workers were talking about coffee makers and one person asked how I like my Keurig . I told the co-worker that it broke long ago and went into the trash . The co-worker told me that the same thing happened to their Keurig and to another co-worker 's Keurig.My recommendation
 I 've owned this unit for about 8 months and have had all the exact same issues with my brewer that you 'll see on all the 1-2 star reviews . When it works , it 's a fantastic little coffee maker , but absolutely infuriating when it wo n't draw water . Tells me to descale when I 've already run gallons of vinegar through it , etc. . I 'm seriously considering not purchasing another one even with the all the convenience these offer .
 I purchased this from Amazon on December 11 , 2009 . Initially the unit worked well and was wonderful . I use the water filters , I 've tried several brands of the coffee , teas and chocolate milk.I followed the cleaning instructions -LRB- fill the water tank with vinegar , run a few cups to make sure vinegar is coming out of the water spout and let it set for 4 hours -RRB- , replaced the filters on schedule , and I kept the k-cup holder clean as well -LRB- both a paperclip and vinegar -RRB- .2 months in , my unit started to fail . It would appear to draw water but it did not . It happend to correlate with a particular brand of k-cup , so my wife and I tried sticking to other brands . It seemed to be a bit hit and miss over the next few months . Now , 6 months later , it 's mostly miss . I 'd say a full cup of water comes out -LRB- with no k-cup installed , or with one installed -RRB- 1 out of 7-10 tries . Most of the time nothing comes out , sometimes there 's a trickle , sometimes the equivalent of several cups of water comes out.I called customer support and got what I though was excellent customer service . I was told there was a production problem but that the problem could not be correlated with a particular range of unit numbers -LRB- that 's a big red flag from a manufacturing process standpoint -RRB- . I was also told there was a significant redesign to fix a problem with the production of the unit -LRB- also a big red flag -RRB- . It was easy to get a replacement unit and all I was required to do was mail in the k-cup holder -LRB- convenient , yes , but related to a large numer of failed units ? Maybe -RRB- . I was told to expect a new unit in approximately a week -LRB- maybe a bit longer due to processing time -RRB- . They also offerend to send me some free k-cups for my inconvenience . So my first customer service experience was great . The rep was friendly and professional.I decided to check up on the status of my support call a few days later . I could not find my order so I called customer service , whereupon I was informed that there was a 2-week back order . Given I had not had a working unit for about 1.5 weeks -LRB- I travel heavily and my wife does not like to call customer service -RRB- , plus a 2-week back order and delivery after that , I figured it would be another 3 weeks from when I called customer service a second time , or a month without a working brewer . This assumes they really know for sure . Given that I got a total of 3 different estimates , I 'll keep my expectations low so I wo n't be further disappointed.I asked if I could pay for an upgraded model . I found out that there was no such option . That was pretty much the end of that second customer service experience . The customer service rep was again nice , but nice did not get me a working brewer anytime soon . So while nice , is well , nice , it in no way helped with a resolution.I checked to see if I could return the unit to Amazon , but after 1 month -LRB- maybe more like 6 weeks -RRB- , I would be charged a restocking fee of at least 50 % -LRB- yes , at least , or that 's how I read the service agreement -RRB- . So returning it to Amazon is not an option . I then called customer support again and asked about returning it to them directly . Not an option.I filed a complaint with the BBB . I wish I would have checked sooner because they have the lowest grade with the BBB , an F , as of Tuesday June 8th , 2010 . I filed an electronic complaint with keurig and also gave them a copy of the BBB filing.I currently have no resolution . I 'll probably end up waiting 3 weeks for a new unit and maybe it will work . So that will be a month without a brewer . Now you can fault me for not calling sooner , I just got back from 6 weeks of travel , so it was a low burning fuse . However , I had no complaint until I checked to see the status of my exchange only to find out that it was at least twice a long as original estimated . Then finding no alternative resolutions added to my frustration.If you get a working model , they are great . I liked the features of this model , it 's ease of use , the look , etc. . I can recommend donut shop coffee.The initial customer service experience -LRB- and even the follow on ones -RRB- were seemingly nice , but nice is one thing , not having a working brewer for weeks is an entirely different matter.Giving this an actual rating is hard . On the one hand , when the unit works , it is great . The reliability is terrible . Reading the reviews of several models , I picked this model because it appeared to have a better reliability rating . Apparently not so much . The customer service is friendly and really quite good , if you can get a working unit . Other other hand , they are back-ordered , have a streamlined return process -LRB- meaning they 've probably had to deal with a lot of returns -RRB- and have reliability issues across their product line.Maybe I would not be so frustrated if I did n't like the working unit so much . Maybe I 'd be more understanding if they 'd considered taking my Amazon-bought unit.I will be getting a replacement unit -LRB- ca n't get my $ $ back -RRB- . I hope it is reliable , but at this point I have no reason to believe it will be so.Good luck with yours . In the first few weeks hammer it , but I do n't think the problems will happen right away . So you might consider buying it locally or from keurig so you have a longer time-frame to return the unit .
 I received the Keurig B70 for Christmas . I loved it for a few weeks . Then all the problems arose . I called customer service and had to hold for over an hour . They gave me the run around at first but then offered to ship me a completly new machine . I thought that would be the end of it , however , THE REPLACEMENT MACHINE IS BROKEN NOW TOO ! Listed are the problems both machines had : * Both turn off right after brewing a cup , no matter how the settings are . * Both Eventually turn off right after they are turned on . * Second Machine -LRB- 1 week old -RRB- leaves grinds in the cup and brews partial cups . The waterpump is not drawing water . * Now the second machine will not even brew.Have tried everything the manual says-Nothing is working!Now I am stuck with two broken -LRB- expensive -RRB- machines that WILL NOT WORK ! I am on hold now with Keurig for the 9th time holding over 40 minutes now.DO Not Buy Until they fix the TERRIBLE glitches in this machine !
 UPDATE 07/25/10 - The Keurig died after only a couple of months , however I rarely used it so it was like a few day 's normal use . I got a replacement . It broke after a couple of weeks . I got a different brand -LRB- Cuisinart -RRB- and that one broke . I 'm now on my fourth Keurig style brewer and this one seems to work well . The problem I encountered was that the amount of water dispensed would vary wildly . I 'd have it set to make a 12oz cup and only 4oz would come out . Then it would stop working altogether . Maybe I 'm the only person who has had this much trouble , but I 'm not terribly impressed . It 's been the SAME problem with ALL of them . Very sad . The Cuisinart I have now works great and I 'm just as happy now as I was when I wrote the review below.The Keurig B70 `` Platinum '' is the best coffee maker I 've ever tried , and I 've tried em all ! I am a single guy who basically stopped drinking coffee because you ca n't make less than 4 cups using a standard drip coffee maker and the `` single serving '' makers were disappointing . I recently tried the Senseo coffee pod system and it was n't any good . I needed to use two pods to get the coffee strong enough and then I had to wash the pod holder . With the B70 , you pop in a K Cup , hit brew and in a few seconds you 've got a piping hot , perfectly brewed cup of coffee.It 's so good that I 'd like to see someone do a blind taste test comparing K Cup coffee to the $ 4.00 a cup places . My money would be on the K Cups.I was surprised at how good the tea tastes ! Tea is supposed to require a couple of minutes of steeping to properly release the flavors . Once again , in just a few seconds you are drinking piping hot , perfectly brewed tea . I only got one of the K Cup Hot Cocoa and it was very good . I 'd like to play with the amount of water that gets added , but it was very good.Finally , I chose this Keurig machine because it has an Iced Coffee setting . This only puts 4oz of water through the machine resulting in a concentrated but small cup of hot beverage . The smaller amount of hot liquid gets diluted to the perfect strength when you add it to ice . I have n't tried making iced tea using this method , but I 'm sure it would work beautifully.I read more than 150 reviews before buying this machine . If I did n't drink coffee , I still would have bought one of these . Never have I seen a product get such rave reviews . After using the machine for a couple of days , I totally agree . This is an amazing coffee maker.MYTH BUSTED - It 's LOUD ! I have gone through YouTube and watched videos of other Keurig machines and they do sound like their compressors make a loud buzzing sound for a few seconds . My machine is almost whisper quiet . I can hear the compressor come on when I push the `` Brew '' button , but it 's very , very quiet . Maybe if the machine is defective it might make more noise , but mine would n't wake up someone sleeping in the same room.Buy this coffee maker . You will end up buying them for everyone you know .
 I 'm on my third brewer in under 2 years . It took 4-6 months before the troubles start *** -LRB- half brewed cups , lcd not lighting , water not heating up , hanging during a brew cycle , Ready light not appearing to let me brew a cup -RRB- *** and they were on their last leg by month 9 . Not to mention over time , they get louder and louder , and brew less and less each cup . Do we not care that we 're brewing 80 cent coffee on a machine that cost 2-5 times a normal brewer only to have them die in under a year ? I thought it was just me , but by reading other reviews I see people have the same problems . I would like to see the owners that write 5 star reviews wait 6 months AND THEN update their review.The kicker is that you still need a regular coffee brewer ! Having a party for 8 or more people ? Have fun being a barista for 10 + straight minutes at a cost of like $ 8 + A Bunn can brew a 10oz . pot in under 3 minutes.Don ' t worry folks , Keurig has fixed all , their new Vue brewer is Way more expensive than a B70 and the Vue cups cost more !
 First of all , I LOVE the K-cup convenience and idea . If there was any way to more screw it up than the Keurig Coffeemakers , I do n't know what it could be.I 've had 4 of these Keurig coffeemakers . I purchased the first one and fell in love . For 4 months . The Keurig coffeemaker decided it did n't want to play anymore . I contacted Keurig -LRB- it was still under warranty , right ?? -RRB- . Keurig made me jump through some little hoops that took 3 days -LRB- descale , clean , descale again - try it again , etc -RRB- and they apologized and sent me a new one . Terrific ! Thank you !! I was again in love . For about 3 months , this time . Same problem . Keurig again had me go through the steps to descale . I informed them that I had wised up , and was using ONLY filtered water AND the Keurig water filter in the reservoir . They apologized and sent me a new coffeemaker . This one did n't even last 3 months . But at least it was a DIFFERENT problem this time - it did n't work , but it was a NEW breakdown . Keurig sent me a new pot -LRB- again ! -RRB- . While waiting for Keurig 's new pot to arrive , I went out and purchased a Cuisinart K-cup Coffeemaker , which is still working just grand . I use triple filtered water , and the pot works terrific . The new pot Keurig sent me ?? I sold it . I did n't feel like fighting it anymore ! Do n't waste your money on the Keurig coffeemaker - go buy the Cuisinart one instead . More features , and thus far -LRB- 6 months and counting -RRB- NO BREAKDOWNS!Whichever coffeemaker you choose , make SURE to only use distilled or filtered water -LRB- NO tap or well water ! -RRB- and ALSO use the internal filter . Save you lots of aggravation!One more thing - the Cuisinart coffeemaker is made UNDER LICENSE from Keurig . So why is their machine so much more reliable and durable ??????
 This is the biggest piece of expensive junk I have ever seen . I got one for Christmas in 2009 and had to have it replaced 4 times . All four of them after anywhere from a few weeks to straight out of the box would fail to pump more water from the tank in order to make coffee . I would have to take the tank off and on , unplug it , etc. . Sometimes it would work again , sometimes not . Now number five , which has worked for about six months , is short cupping . Water runs out the bypass while brewing and makes about half a cup , so I have to run it multiple times . I 'm done with them , going back to a regular drip maker . I do n't need to start my day with all this aggravation .
 We bought this based on Keurig reputation . It quit working within two weeks after only a few uses . It quit puncturing the seal on the single-use cups so the water poured around the cup instead of into it . We returned it to the store and received a refund . The clerk said he had worked in Returns Dept. for five years and they were seeing more returns on this product than any other he had experienced ; they were averaging three returns per week in that store alone -LRB- chain has over 500 stores -RRB- . He then pointed to their returns basket where another sat stating it had been returned only minutes before we returned ours . Let the buyer beware .
 Buyer beware ! Received 25 Dec 09 , and it stopped working properly 15 Jan 10 . Right in line with many other negative Keurig reviews . The water stopped filling the heating reservoir . We had to unplug/plug back in , and pull out/replace the water tank each time we brewed a cup of coffee . We are n't heavy coffee drinkers , and would estimate we brew 2 cups a day . Our local Bed Bath & Beyond was great and let us exchange for another , with the option to bring back for refund if we have any further issues . Would n't have bothered with a second unit , but love the convenience and quality of the coffee . Crossing fingers , and will update if the other Keurig goes the way of the dodo .
 I see it 's all been said in other reviews . My story is the same.Bought this model in October 2009 . Malfunctioned a couple of weeks ago -LRB- stuck on `` not ready '' -RRB- so called Keurig and they sent a replacement AFTER having me clean out all the holes in the cup assembly with a PAPER CLIP . It was obviously a malfunction in the electronics but they had me do all of this useless troubleshooting anyway.The replacement they sent malfunctioned after two days . This time shutting off before brewing . Called customer service and they told me they would call me back . Called back next day after not hearing from them and they said it would be `` up to 48 hours '' before I would receive a call back.This is disgusting . I see another reviewer noted that Amazon would not continue selling this useless junk.Update
 I had high hopes for this brewing system . While I was not expecting the quality of espresso I was hoping for much better than this delivers . I would rate it a below average drip machine taste . A much cheaper mocha pot produces a way better cup . The k-cups are very weak tasting . I use the smallest setting just to get a strong enough cup - this produces about 4oz . For a full cup you would need 3 K-cups . Out of all the K-cups produced there are only 2 decent ones - Donut Shop and Dark Magic -LRB- even though Donut shop is too weak for me it is smooth -RRB- . Unfortunately these 2 can not compare to even an average coffee prepared by a mocha pot . Do n't bother wasting your time using the My K-cup accesory ... it just does not work satisfactorily . The one plus this system has going for it is convenience . Flip a switch and 2 mins later you are ready to brew . It takes about 10 secs to brew the smallest cup . Very quick and very easy . In my opinion the K-cups are way overpriced ... at 1/3 of their current price they would be an ok value . For now my unit is going back to Costco . A $ 20 mocha pot , cheap grinder , and Stumptown Hairbender whole bean produces a much better cup and costs 1/10 the price .
 Stops working then the company will not help , I have tried . They will not repair so do not buy . This product make great coffee for a short time until it breaks .
 This is an expensive machine and the coffee was not hot enough when you added milk . In addition , my travel mug was too large for this machine and would need two of the K-cups to make a stong enough mug of coffee . Also , the used K-cups are not recyclable and at $ 20 + for a pound of coffee it is too costly for the sake of convenience . I brought it back to where I got it after three days .
 These coffee brewers are marvelous . The concept of being able to brew a cup or cups of coffee in less than a minute from a machine that is always on and ready is beautiful for coffee drinkers , tea drinkers , and hot chocolate drinkers . However , these neat machines with modern styling are prone to early failures . The nature of the failures are based on the design , not the quality of the parts , not the assembly , and not the users . Just fundamental problems with handling water and air . The two are n't mixed but air is used to move water . Air pumps do n't like water , water pumps do n't like air . These machines can seem broken when the problem is often air locks or blockages.The tank filter is dirty , the tank screen is dirty , the cup puncture parts are dirty are some of these issues . Sometimes , if the machine functions long enough there are scaling problems from calcium deposits on the metal parts , usually the heating unit . Most coffee parts need cleaning with vinegar , routinely . Dirt or minerals in the water clogging filter screens , pumps , heaters are expected , but usually , for most of us , those problems are apparent in the second or third year of use.As a potential buyer you rely on reviews , like mine , to advise you on practical problems with things you buy . Take a minute and go to YouTube and search on Keurig repair , notice the number of videos presented on fixing your coffee pot . Notice that repairs are often needed within the first twelve months -LRB- 12 months -RRB- . Do you expect to have problems with a coffee maker in the first year ? Probably not.Call Keurig when you have a problem and those wonderful people will send you a new one , many time even if your machine is out of warranty . They ask for the serial number and the date you purchased . They may ask you to send a small part back to them . Days later you have a brand new machine . Who could ask for better service than that , you ask . Answer , no one could ask for better service . In my opinion the service is the only thing propping up Keurig . They will replace the machine , free , and quickly . They will help you troubleshoot . They are nice people doing a good job.Never the less , the machine had design problems . Small pumps get wet because of the lack of check valves , small parts get clogged with dirty water . Air blocks occur easily when filling the machine or adding water . Carbon filters become clogged . The machine is not designed for servicing . You can take one apart and many owners do . They make repairs to their machine because they love the way it works , when it works . Look at the videos on YouTube , read the Google results for a Keurig repair search , talk to your friends about their experience . Do all of that before you buy.Now , listen to me carefully . I have owned five of these machines . I bought the first one as a dare . I could n't find the coffee cups in stores when I bought - I had to go online to buy them . I love the damn thing and I love the things it makes for me , soup , hot chocolate , tea , instant oatmeal , and coffee . It looks good , it makes little motor sounds and waterfall noise while it works . It is like a small robot friend that makes me happy all day with wonderful service . And so you can understand that when it does n't work , for whatever reason , I get into a foul mood and think evil thoughts about the product design team . I want them to come to my house and visit with me while I smack their knuckles with a ruler . I want to take them out to my garden shed where , above the yard chemicals , the yard tools , on their own dedicated shelf I have lined up four models of Keurig and one other brand . I had hope the other brand would be better , no so much.Please fix these minor problems and produce the perfect coffee maker , I know you can do it !
 Long story short , it is a bad idea if your buying these for an office space . They are not meant to handle the usage . Pumps and other problems arise quickly . We have about 5 bad at our office .
 WOE BE UNTO YOU WHO CLICK ` ADD TO CART ' or ` PURCHASE WITH ONE-CLICK ' -- THERE IS ONLY PAIN AND AGONY HERE ... I would say that this item is a total waste of money , but that really fails to capture the magnitude of the hatred I have for this device . We bought one of these after having a cup of coffee at our car dealer while waiting for service , and much to my surprise , we had found the coffee tasted pretty good . So with an eye toward more convenience , less prep time in the morning , and less clean-up over all , we bought one of these `` things '' through Amazon -- note that I refuse to call it a `` coffee maker '' since - despite the tags on this review - it is CERTAINLY not THAT.For starters , the K-Cups are great , in terms of ease of use , but every cup of coffee our machine ever made from them tasted just like plastic . After several weeks of trying many different varieties and brands , we gave up , and bought the wire mesh K-cup filter and went back to grinding our own coffee by hand . -LRB- To add insult to injury , by the way , our old coffee maker , which made GREAT coffee , had had the grinder built in , so I had to go out and spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- MORE bucks on a coffee grinder to go with this thing ! -RRB- What they do n't tell you , however , is that if you go that route , and sooner or later you will unless you like drinking molten plastic , then this thing is MORE TROUBLE and MORE MESS that the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Mr. Coffee that 's probably sitting on your counter right now.So making our own `` K-Cups '' fixed the problem , right ? Hardly ! After months of fiddling with the thing , trying different coffees , different grind settings , washing it out with vinegar per the mfr instructions many , many times , and doing everything else we could think of , we gave up . The `` clincher '' was when the flow dropped off and we could n't get it to come back even though we cleaned it several times . You had to run the unit TWICE to get ONE cup of coffee . We had had enough . Finally my wife said , `` throw that thing away ! `` Oh , how I had been waiting for those words ... . Sentence pronounced , justice came swiftly for the K-Monster . I was the Executioner . What I did to that machine that morning can not be spoken of , as I suspect it is probably illegal in several states . Suffice it to say that one of the happier moments of 2010 thus far was when I dumped what remained of the Keurig thing into the Herbie Curbie and walked away.Ultimately , after many many MONTHS of owning the K-Monster , and investing HOURS in cleaning , adjusting and tweaking it , I never ever got ONE SINGLE CUP OF COFFEE out of the thing that I thought was worth drinking or that I would have been proud to serve to a guest in my home . I can only laugh when I see people write that this thing brews an `` excellent '' cup of coffee.Save yourself a lot of time , a lot of trouble , -LRB- not to mention $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks or so after you buy a box of K-Cups -RRB- , plus , and most importantly , a lot of grumpy mornings because - trust me - you 'll be walking out of the house with a mug full of lukewarm coffee-tinged liquid that looks like pond water and which purports to pass itself of as as an `` excellent cup of coffee '' , and you will be angry -- very angry ! -- until you can swing through a Starbucks or Dunkin drive-thru to get a decent cup of real coffee ... There are many coffee makers out there for one-half , a third , a quarter the price of this thing , or even $ -LSB- ... -RSB- or less , that actually make real coffee -- and far superior to what you will get from the K-Monster thing . Save yourselves the agony . Run the other way !
 10-31-2011 I was given the Platinum Keurig coffeemaker for Xmas last year , and it is ready to go in the trash can now . I called Keurig complaining about `` short cups of coffee '' two weeks ago . They walked me through this elaborate `` do-it-yourself '' fix , that did NOT fix the problem . The problem is that all I get is about a half a cup of coffee everytime I use the machine ... It will NOT fill up a coffee cup ... and so it costs me about $ 1 . for a cup of coffee -LRB- two Keurig cups , at about 50cents per cup of coffee Also when I do finish the coffee it has this `` weak as dishwater taste . '' Not the robust taste that I love in coffee . PLEASE Google `` Keurig Coffeemaker Problems '' before buying ... and you will not buy !!!!! This is a gimmicky , gadgety , Xmas-y gift that does n't last the year . I am on Amazon now shopping for a good coffee maker . This Keurig cost near $ 200 last Xmas , and their advice to me was to get out an old paper-clip and dig around in the machine ... That did n't fix my problem , but maybe my complaint on Google will cost them more than they cost me , by not replacing the maker which should have been under warranty .
 this coffee maker sucks . we washed it several times , coffee still had a bad after taste . changed the coffee type that came with the maker and still tasted bad .
 Our second B70 model has failed . First one from 2009 lasted 10 months ; stopped brewing much at all , even though we followed cleaning instructions regularly . Replacement from Keurig lasted 13 months . Now selecting brew results in little or no action
 Well our 4th platinum keurig bit the dust today . The past three have been covered under the 1 year warranty . This one is a month and a half past warranty ... I imagine we 're stuck . Will call them later to see . We brew two cups of coffee every morning and sporadically will heat water for hot choc . or tea . We do keep it on so the nice blue light stays lit ... maybe that is whats killing the motor . We also use a reverse osmosis system to fill it so I do n't believe build up is happening . Sad , because I love the coffee and idea but product definitely has a flaw .
 I am on my third brewer now , waiting for a part that I know will not work and then I will be on my forth ... and final . They are junk . Does n't pump water through the k-cup and they are sending me a plastic insert that punches the holes in the k-cup . The one I have now punches the holes but no coffee gets pumped through . < My first brewer was a notorious `` short-cupper '' . They sent me another . Same thing . This one does n't even give a short cup . Nothing . Like another reviewer , I have used all kinds of water . I have had this one for a little over a month and they want me tp descale it . Been going through allot of vinegar !! Customer service is good for the most part although you may get a nasty rep who wants to fight with you like you are making it up . I wish they would allow me to send back the entire unit so they could see for themselves . As soon as I get rid of all the pods I have , the brewer is going . I 'll buy a $ 20 Mr. Coffee unit . And yes , Kuerig only puts glowing reviews on their website , so don ; ' t bother reading them .
 We absolutely loved the Keurig for 21/2 months , then it just started acting up . One never knew when they would get a cup of coffee . Idea is wonderful ; the engineering needs to go back to the drawing board . I am sorry I did not pay attention to the poor reviews . : -LRB-
 Most of the five-star reviews on here appear to be from people who 've owned their Keurig for a week or two . Yes , mine worked great back then . After about 9 months , averaging less than one cup per day -LRB- clearly not over-use -RRB- mine started `` short-cupping '' . I have experienced the same poor results as others utilizing the telephonic customer service suggestions . My unit does fine when I run straight water through it , but it does n't have the oomph to force water through the K-cups , and the backflow dribbles the water back into the reservoir . Clearly this is a pump problem , not a plugged line . Mine has passed the warranty period now , so I am simply going to resurrect my Hamilton Beach Brew Station which still works well after many more cups than the Keurig ever did . The Keurig cost three times as much but did n't last a year . No , there will not be a 2nd Keurig in my home , let alone a 3rd or 4th ! Buy one if you dare , but do n't expect it to last beyond a year .
 Although this brewer is convenient and makes great coffee , I ca n't recommend it . I bought a new model and it quit working in less than two weeks . The display would read `` not ready '' and then the machine would turn itself off . I searched the internet to see if other people had this problem and learned it is a major problem . I 'm mostly disappointed with the Keurig customer service . I called them on a Sunday . You speak to a representative who takes your information . Then , a specialist has to return your call within 24-48 hours . They returned my call 3 days later and outside of the times I said I was available . Unfortunately , my husband checked the voice mail and found it unintelligible and deleted it . I called Keurig back later that day and could n't speak to a specialist again , and have to wait the 24-48 hours again for a return call . I feel ripped off after spending that amount of money on a defective coffee maker .
 Do n't get me wrong , this was a great machine for the first 2 months . I love the idea behind this machine . I only wish that Keurig had spent a little more time and money making sure it was going to work well for several years.I 'm on my second machine . The first one , after 2 months , would sometimes brew a cup and sometimes just make noise . I cleaned it out with paperclip like it said to -LRB- although I think that if you make a machine that is going to need a tool to clean it then you should include the tool with the machine and not just say use a paperclip -RRB- After about 4 months of calling the help line and being talked through the same cleaning , unplugging and restarting routine 4 or 5 times Keurig decided to replace my brewing system . I assumed I had a lemon and that my new machine would work like a charm . NOT SO!My new B70 Platinum Single-Cup B Home Brewing System arrived in July 2010 and started having the same problems in October 2010 . As of December 2010 , it will only brew on the small cup size and only if I unplug it after each use.In my opinion , Keurig needs to take this product off the market , work out the bugs and include a cleaning tool before selling them again . If you pay $ 150 for a device it should work great for longer than 2 months .
 Final Update-I 'm done . I have received 4 brewers now and this last one is now starting to act up . I would avoid this particular brewer . Something has recently happened that has drastically affected this brewer . Ignore all of the old 5 star reviews and only concentrate on the most recent and you will see what I mean.We are going to try and return it again but we hope to get the lower end Mini or Elite . I have friends that have these and got them about the same time and they have yet had a problem . DO NOT BUY THIS USED FROM ANY OF THE OTHER SELLERS . They most likely have the same bum brewers and you will be stuck.update 4-14-2010I went through 3 brewers that all had issues with the pump . I have changed my review back to 4 stars because Keurig is a top notch company . To their credit they replaced my brewer 3 times without cost to me and gave me some free coffee for the trouble . They identified a problem with this platinum brewer 's pump and stopped sale of the brewer until the issue was resolved . I have been using my new brewer without problem for 4 weeks now and I 'm even using tap water . The other brewers had issues after 2 weeks or less so I think I have a winner . I know that this brewer has been redesigned because it performs differently now . I have noticed that when this new brewer pumps it starts the pumping with a burst which is noticeable by the sounds that each brewer made . It starts out strong for a second or two then slows down to a regular pumping . The old brewer would lazily pump at the same rate then stall and shut itself off . I think this new turbo pump has fixed this issue.I wish all companies stood behind their products like keurig has . As you can see from the reviews this brewer had a bad 6-9 months . I believe the issue has been resolved with the new pump and I would highly recommend this product to anyone . FYI-if you are considering the brevell stainless unit you should know that the only difference between that brewer and the platinum is the stainless steel case . So unless you need stainless steel to match your kitchen you should get this platinum brewer instead and save some cash.Original review 2-18-2010 4 starsOK this is what happened . After about 2 weeks and 4 gallons of bottled water , the unit was starting to have trouble pumping water into the heater . FYI-It pumps twice during a brew . It pulls half of what it will use on the fist pumping then after the brew it will pump again . Ours got to the point where we would brew a cup then it would shut itself off during the second pumping . We would turn it back on . Brew another cup and it would shut itself down again . We noticed it was not pumping the same amount of water when it was new . So , something was blocking the flow . We are supposed to get a indicator when the unit needs descaling . That never showed up . So I did it any way . I actually had to do it twice to get it working again . Ever since descaling the unit it has worked flawlessly for the last 2 months and we have gone through about a dozen gallons of water . We are quite happy with the brewer now and I am surprising myself by giving it a positive review after the first month . What I discovered is that the unit was shutting itself down because it knew something was wrong . The built it safety devices would not pump the water if it did not detect enough flow during the pumping.So if your unit is doing the same thing do n't freak out-descale it . preferably sooner than later . It is very simple and does wonders . We do ours every 2-3 months regardless if it needs it or not . We keep the unit on overnight and let the white vinegar sit in the unit . Just so you have a reference point We typically make 3-4 cups a day . If you make more than this you will need to descale more often.We absolutely love this unit and ca n't see going back to the mr coffee anytime soon . Some people have mentioned a noise problem . I find that hard to understand . Our Mr coffee gurgling and dripping is 10 times louder than the kuerig.Our fav flavors so far are Timothy 's German Chocolate cake , Green mountain 's breakfast blend coffee and Newman 's own extra bold.Update
 Keuring 's Platinum Brewing System is the worst single-cup brewing system . This faulty model offers discerning coffee drinkers the frustration of restarting the brewing process multiple times for ` maybe ' a single cup.I do n't normally write reviews . The frustration with this year old device is maddening enough for me to alert the public that this product is n't worth the time or money.After about 9 months it would fill up and heat the water and not brew -LRB- i.e not suck up the hot water to drain through a needle that pours over the ground coffee in the k-cup -RRB- . We cleaned it by following the instructions , using vinegar , and rerunning , etc. . All these mechanics are internal to the unit . No access to anything to ` really ' clean . The second use after cleaning it would not brew again . We called Keurig and they basically said the water has minerals that potentially clog the piping and draining system . Keurig recommended unplugging the device and to use a pin or bent paper clip to poke through the tiny 3 openings that are part of the draining needle.The process
 I had two units overall and both died due to a water pump problem . The first died within 4 months of ownership so with the warranty they sent me a new one for free . This second died just right outside my warranty window . The only thing they would do is offer me a replacement for a `` discount '' which was still expensive . From reading around it seems that this is a common failure mode of this machine , with the water pump failing or pumping slowly . I tried to argue this but the customer service rep did n't care telling me that it 's still a `` good deal '' . This company needs to own up to its design flaws of this product . This is criminal and can not believe they get away with this . I will never buy a Keurig machine again .
 Started out nicely , but on the 26th day of ownership the B70 developed this problem : After brewing a K-Cup , the unit does not suck in water and after it times out , the blue ` low water level ' light flashes , even though the reservoir is nearly full . This can be cleared only by unplugging the B70 so that it reboots , but that wipes out all programming . This has to be done after each cup.We returned it for a refund and went back to our 3-year old Keurig .
 I loved the machine itself but after approx one week it started to brew a 4 oz cup of copy using the 7.25 cup size . In addition , every other cup was luke warm at best . If it worked as it was intended I would recommend it highly but instead I am extremely dissappointed at the poor quality of the product . .
 These are very temperamental machines . Depending on you luck or water quality , they will only work for a short time . I 've had two in about a year and they stopped brewing after about 6 months . They seem to clog up inside and only make a partial cup . Kuerig tells you to clear out the piercer with a paper clip , but that may or may not put you back in business . They claim it is a hard water problem and that you need to descale it , or use bottled water . We have soft water and 6 months use , making 1 cup per day , 5days a week ... I had a Mr. Coffee for years and never had a problem . There is a serious design flaw with these machines . They are expensive and you will have a huge investment in k-kups right when the thing goes on the blink . Better not to get started . Wish I had known ... I 've got about 200 k-kups and no machine to brew them with ...
 My Keurig Platinum worked perfectly for one blissful week . Then the machine began to turn off after finishing the brewing cycle . It 's necessary to pick up the water tank and drop it back into place several times until the water begins to draw down . Once you can get it to brew , the coffee is excellent , however it 's a big annoyance to have to finagle the tank after nearly every cup . Keurig should ' t continue to sell this product when they know that it has this flaw , and I will not be purchasing any other products from this company .
 I 've owned two Keurigs in 3 years . Both died . The first one died within the one year warranty , so that was good . The second one died after two years so that was bad and Keuring would n't do anything . For the price of these coffee makers , they should have a longer warranty . I have many friends who have had similar problems with their machines malfunctioning in short periods of time . I 'm done with Keurig . The machine makes a great cup of coffee , it 's just poorly made . I 'll go back to my old $ 30 coffee maker that 's been going strong for over 20 years now at work .
 I loved our B70 model till it broke down . The water was pumping to the back but not releasing from there . We did all trouble shooting recommended by Kuerig customer service . At the end , her reslove was to offer me a new one at a discounted price of $ 119 . We bought it for $ 150 . Now that im left with a bunch of kcups , I have to get another k-cup coffee maker priced minimally at $ 100 . Definitely not getting a Kuerig .
 I loved it for the 16 months it worked . One day it tured itself off and nothing . It died . No water pumping , no lights nothing . I called K . After two weeks we were able to talk . They did offer me the same one for 139 . I believe . I said no thanks , I was replacing it with a B&D that brews into a travel mug for 20.00 . This maker was used by only me in my shop . I made one-three cups a day M-F . It was set to auto shut off at 4pm and turn on again at 7am . A very expensive paperweight .
 I bought a Keurig B70 in October 2009 and absolutely loved it until it died this month -LRB- January 2011 -RRB- . The machine is great , I love being able to buy different flavors and coffee/tea/cider / hot chocolate k-cups to brew in an instant with no mess . However , for $ 175 , I would have hoped it would have lasted more than 14 months . Like other customer reviews , the problem with the machine is that it would say it was brewing , but nothing happened . I tried everything to get it to work -LRB- descaling , clearing needle head , etc -RRB- , but nothing worked . It 's pretty disappointing ... I figure it cost me $ 12.50 per month while the machine worked , and I am okay with that cost in return for the convenience of brewing a single cup at a time . I 'm going to buy a second machine , but if it also stops functioning within a year or so , I will not return to Keurig as a future customer . Let 's cross our fingers and hope for the best . Coffee sustains me .
 Purchased the B70 as a christmas gift for my daughter who will soon be leaving the nest . We did not make it through even one box of the K-cups before having problems . It would brew about a teaspoon of coffee and quit . I had a friend over when I tried to make him a cup . He said there were tons of these returned to Costco because of problems . Back it goes . Many thanks to Amazon for having a great return policy .
 We bought this machine Feb 2010 & now it 's dead 15 months later . First it started short-cupping and then it more or less quit brewing altogether . It would dump the hot water back into the reservoir . It 's been cleaned many times & de-scaled often . I usually used the carbon water filter and it was n't abused or mistreated . It was just expected to work ! It 's a great coffee maker while it works BUT ... when you factor in the cost of replacing the coffee maker annually/semi-annually & the cost of the K-cups , one might as well go to Starbucks/DD everyday . Or go back to a drip coffee maker -LRB- my old drip machine is still going strong after 8 + years -RRB- . The reliability of this coffee maker is extremely short for the money .
 It worked fine for a couple of months , then quit pumping water . Keurig customer support recommended cleaning out with vinegar - but we have been using distilled water . After 4 months , the 10oz setting out puts out half the amount of water . Called Keurig several times and get the same advice - clean it out . Cleaning it out no longer works . The pump now runs several minutes just to fill up and sounds like its dying . We 're going back to a 20 year old Black and Decker `` Cup-at-Time '' coffee maker.UPDATE 5 Aug 2011 - Keurig kept insisting we clean out the brewer with vinegar again -LRB- and again ... -RRB- and to use paperclips to clean out stuck grinds -LRB- never have been any -RRB- . Today , the pump wo n't even intake water and just has a low hum , and then the brewer turns off after about 5 minutes . We called and now have to wait 12-48 hours to talk to a technical specialist about what to do next . They know that have a major problem with this model , and appear to be using every delay tactic in the book until our 1 year warrenty expires .
 Bought this product for our office . Worked well for 13 months then stopped working . After having googled this and read many reviews I have realized that this product is very poorly designed . Our coffee maker started by short cupping . Then I attempted to descale it by pouring literally gallons of vinegar through it per the descale instructions . This did nothing to remedy the problem . In fact the computer started to malfunction and pour all of the vinegar/water out without heating it . Descaling did not work . Finally after weeks of trying to fix it I have given up . Of course it is one month past the warranty so I have no recourse . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Numerous other consumers have had the same problem . If you see a good review it is usually not related to reliability/durability . It usually starts with ... `` I 've had this product for 2 days and it works great '' Fair warning .
 My original glowing review
 I am on my 3rd B-70 in less than 2 years . The 3rd one lasted 3 weeks . Same problem as everyone else is having . I love the coffee it makes , but I 'm tired of trading machines . There is something in the design of the B-70 that is n't right , as witness to the number of 1 star ratings this particular machine has gotten .
 I dont like to give polarized reviews but could not resist after the crappy machine gave up for the 3rd time . More accurately
 My husband bought this for me two months ago . After the first month , it stopped drawing water . I called the keurig customer service number , and after being on hold for a long time , they told me how to unfold a paperclip and poke it into all these holes to unclog the maker . It now draws water , but after every cup brewed , you have to remove the water container and reseat it . It is ONLY 2 months old !!!!! Do n't buy one !!! I wish I could get a refund , but I am sure I am stuck with this lemon product .
 Google the phrase `` Keurig Wo n't Brew '' . I 've personally known several people who all owned this model of Keurig -- myself included -- and I 've never known anyone who had theirs last any longer than a year . Maybe Keurig replaced it , maybe they did n't , the point is that no matter how great these things are or how good the coffee is , they simply are n't made to last . And considering the $ $ $ investment you 're going to put into one of these things , that 's totally unacceptable . - The initial purchase is , of course , $ 100 + - You want coffe with that ? A 24 pack of KCups is going to run you about $ 20 per . -LRB- Think about that . 24 cups of coffee is not a lot -RRB- . - Want a filter for the tank so you do n't have to use bottled water ? Get ready to shell out another $ 15 . - A six month supply of replacement filters ? $ 25 . - Maybe you 'd like the My K Cup attachment , since not every coffee is available in KCups ? $ 15 . - Want any drawers , towers , or carousels to hold all these KCups you have to buy ? $ $ $ $ $ As a consumer , it 's insulting . You start down this road that 's paved with dollar bills , and you 're being lured in with the promise of good , fast coffee . Only after you 're halfway down the road do you realize HOW MUCH MONEY this is all going to cost you . And then you do n't make it too much farther before the Keurig unit just blows up altogether . Since they 've established that you 're a money-spending fool at this point , then surely you 'll have no trouble with just buying a replacement , right ? RIGHT ? After all , you 've already spent a ton of money on all the coffee and accessories.Take some advice from me and do n't even get started . Save yourself a long-term headache , and save your wallet , but just making coffee the old fashioned way . It may not be trendy , but it works , the accessories are all universal , and you wo n't bankrupt yourself .
 I 'm glad that other companies are now making machines that accept K-Cups , because I will never buy another Keurig brewer again . I had this unit for only a little over a year when it suddenly just stopped brewing . I tried cleaning and de-scaling multiple times , with no luck . It 's now in my trash.If you want a coffee maker that will last for a year or so , then I suppose you 're OK getting this . If you want one that 's worth what you pay for it , stay away .
 Works great a first . Then wo n't brew a full cup -- maybe a couple of tablespoons then just dribbles . We are on our 3rd replacement machine and the same problem over and over again . With I checked the internet before I bought.It keeps asking to be de-scaled . Go through the process , then after a couple of cups , needs to be descaled again . I spend more on white vinegar than I do on coffee these days . Have tried all the solutions on the internet and nothing keeps it working more that a few months.Now , most of the time , just make coffee in a single serve coffee press . The keurig is now a very expensive paper weight on our kitchen counter .
 We bought one last year at Christmastime in 2009 , the unit stopped working November . Love the concept so we purchased a replacement unit . We are on the third unit purchased at Costco and ready to return it . It will not consistently work properly . Suggest that they stop making this unit until the engineering problems are solved .
 I bought 3 KeurigsKeurig B70 Platinum Brewing SystemB70 Platinum for the offices - All 3 of them failed within 15 months - I used gallons of white vinegar to clean them up - I wasted hours trying to reset them - They would work for other 2 months ... then back to needle and vinegar ... - The last one felled to rage taking over - It did n't like being smashed to pieces ... I would definitively recommend this product if you need to estimate the ultimate limit of your patience - Trust me you will find out !
 Ladies and Gentlemen , I can say this with complete confidence
 RECEIVED THE KEURIG -- WAS NOT PACKAGED VERY WELL . . NO MANUAL -- OR BOOKLET . . AND DID NOT MAKE COFFEE -- SAID IT WAS BREWING -- BUT NO WATER CAME OUT -- TRIED EVERYTHING TO NO AVAIL ... SENT IT BACK ...
 I 'm only rating this one star because I ca n't rate it a ZERO.Do some research people , search for things like `` Keurig Problems '' or `` Keurig Wo n't Brew '' , `` Keurig Repair '' . It will open your eyes.My Keurig was purchased in December as a Christmas gift . February 3rd , the thing quit pumping water . Called Keurig . Return it , we 'll send a new one . Fine . Next one quits a little over a month later . Two since December ? Do I want to bother with a 3rd ? Nope , take the money and run.Meanwhile , these things are piling up in a landfill somewhere near Keurig 's U.S. office -LRB- they 're made in China , no surprise there right ? -RRB- . Save yourself tons of time , effort , aggravation and cash -LRB- the K-cups are pricey -RRB- . Find something else .
 This Platinum B70 coffee maker was working just fine for the last 2 months I have used it . Today , I came home , and it keeps saying `` NOT READY '' , but I have enough water in the reservoir , and it is primed , and I have switched several k-cups in with no obstructions . I wish the machine would tell me specifically why it is not ready ; I have absolutely no idea why it stopped working . Very frustrating when you pay $ 200 for a coffee maker , and it goes out in the first couple of months of using it . Now I have a cheap plastic P.O.S. , and I am not very happy about it .
 We received a Keurig B70 coffee maker as a Christmas gift , and were so disappointed with it that we got rid of it after three weeks . All we could get was luke warm coffee ... and the best Keurig Customer Service could suggest was to use styrofoam cups to hold the heat in better . Do yourself a favor and skip this product .
 IM very happy have never tastes a better coffee no waste and does not even take a minute to brew
 I sooo wanted this machine ! It is very beautiful-those blue led lights are a great touch - and the machine seems to be well made . As far as convenience , it rocks ... no fuss , no muss , pop in a k-cup & in less than a minute you 've got a cup of coffee . Tha bad news is the coffee itself is weak , watery and tasteless . I only recently at age 40 , became a coffee drinker , what with a Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts on practically every corner . I was never able to make good coffee at home , thus I figured this machine was idiot-proof enough for me . But this coffee just is Baaaa-ad . I tried nearly all the samples , and I could barely differentiate between them . I think the cups can and should hold more coffee -LRB- They felt pretty skimpy to me -RRB- but still I got the feeling I was drinking instant coffee , although I 've never actually had instant coffee before . The final nail in the coffin was that the coffee did n't get or stay very hot for long ... I take cream in my coffee and this stuff just ca n't hold up to it . Amazon took it back easily and credited my account promptly , for which I am most appreciative .
 I bought the platinum B70 and it immediately stopped working correctly . The thing repeatedly turned off for no reason whatsoever and if I had the patience to wait for it to work and the machine decided to randomly cooperate it would probably take 15 minutes to make a single cup of coffee . I would start it , it would make some noise like it was working and then shut off . Restart it ... shut off . Restart it ... shut off . Unplug it and start over and sometimes it would work . So I sent it back for an exchange and the new one I received did the same thing so I sent it back again but this time I asked for a refund . It turns out you get only an 80 % refund even though it is faulty and does n't work right and even though I sent it within 30 days . So I am out $ 31.00 . Then I bought a standard model at Costco . It shuts off by itself too . So I 'm 0 for 3 and I 'm very surprised this has n't happened to a lot more people . I doubt if 0 for 3 is just bad luck ! Do n't buy it !
 It does n't matter which model Keurig you 're looking at . It does n't matter if it is sold as a Keurig or a Couisinart . If it is a single cup coffee maker that uses K-Cups , you will find 2/3 's of the reviews are 5 stars and 1/3 are 1 star . The difference is the amount of time the reviewer has owned the coffee maker . The chinese made pump will fail - some immediately , some will last several months.I asked myself how so many people could love this product and so many could hate it . After I received one for Christmas , the answer was obvious . I love it . I use it to make coffee and hot water for tea . It is so handy and so fast . However , like everyone else , it started failing very quickly . First , the Extra Bold coffees would only make one cup and then the pump would run without making coffee . After a while , regular coffee would fail . Then , after a couple of weeks , all the lights would start flashing and the unit would have to be unplugged for about 15 minutes . Just one thing after another.Yes , I 've used the paper clip to unstop the needle - however I could always see through it . It was never really stopped up . Yes , I 've de-scaled it . Yes , I 've tried filtered water . It makes no difference . The pump is no good.I can still usully make hot water . So , I still have something . But I am lucky to sqeaze out one cup of coffee . Then I have to turn it off for 15 minutes to let the pump cool down or reset - I do n't know which.So , I suggest you do n't even get started with a K-Cup coffee maker . Just boycot them until they have a ` No Chinese Content ' label . Maybe Keurig can find someone who can make it right!Consumers deserve a product that works .
 It made coffee for about 6 weeks , then it would flash PRIME on the screen.Called 800 # , she said to unplug it & wait , maybe clean it , told her shesounded like the cable co.Now to get it to work I have to unplug it and wait 10 mins.Going to try the 800 # again.Called 800 # , they 're sending me a NEW MACHINE
 We have owned for home use now 3 Keurig Platinum coffee makers . Everyone has failed . I have never owned a less reliable consumer product . In fact , I can not think of another product that we have owned that we had to return for product failure in well over 20 years . In short , we take care of our stuff and follow the directions . After about 9 months , the first Keurig stopped up and would not brew any more than a few drops . I called Keurig , they sent me a new one and told me to throw out the old one . After about 7 months , the second one did not pump water out of the resevoir . I called Keurig , they replaced it , sending a new one and asking me to send back the K-cup holder and throw out the rest -- not enviornmentally conscientious . Now , after about 3 months , everytime we brew a cup , the lights flash as though it is out of water . I am now about to call them again . They will probably send me a new one and ask me to throw out the old one again.We use filtered water and have descaled the machine even though we do not have hard water.This is crazy . It is convenient when it works , but it is expensive to use -LRB- $ 0.40 or more per cup -RRB- and totally unreliable based on my experience .
 New Keurig B70 B77 with Free 60 My K CUP Coffee MakerWe are now searching for our third Keurig home brewer after experiencing the same issue with both of our brewers . First , let me tell you , if these issues were worked out , we would never ever switch as the coffee is the freshest , most delicious blends I nave ever tasted , and I am extremely tough as a critic on my coffee favoring the more full bodied and stronger blends . The issues we continued to have with both machines occur after a few months of use using about 2x per day -RRB- when all of a sudden the machine will sputter and spit and a teaspoon or so of coffee will dribble out . We are quite used to descaling the machine regularly with the white vinegar and maintain it according to directions to the letter . Water will flow perfectly , but when the k cup is inserted just a teaspoon or so will dribble out and that 's it . Upon calling the company , I was told the top rubber section where the coffee flows from may be clogged , and to gently stick a paperclip in there to '' unclog '' it . This worked for a few brews and it became clogged again . When we purchased our new machine , we weird told by customer service this problem was corrected and we purchased the machine which was a bit more expensive because we stupidly trusted them . A few months -LRB- maybe 4-5 -RRB- into the new machine and my husband is running to Starbucks at 6:00 am to get our morning coffee as once again we are dissapointed with this machine which we were told was corrected of the problem we previously had with coffee flow . As I said , all directions were followed by the book to care properly for the machine as were customer service instructions . My husbands office has the larger corporate pot and has had no issues with that machine . I hope this helps anyone considering to buy any of the smaller Keurig home brewers which seem to have the same problem . Best of luck fellow coffee lovers !
 I too am on my second B70 platinum in less than a year !! My latest , which I bought at a different retailer , worked for less than 2 months . There seem to be two problems with these machines from the above reviews ; turning itself off and not drawing enough water from the reservoir . I have the latter problem . Again , this unit is less than two months old and I always use prefiltered water , so it 's not lime scale . Also , everytime I make something that has potential to block the nozzle -LRB- hot chocolate , as I understand it , can do this -RRB- I run a cup of hot water through with no kcup just to make sure everything is cleared out -- so it ca n't be that . Finally , I am a ` light user ' too , a couple of cups in the morning , the occasional cup in the evening . All in all I doubt I 've been able to make even 100 cups of anything in the time I 've owned it . The prior machine had the same problem but lasted a little longer . Thank God I have a coffee press !! Old school works everytime.I do n't know what to do now , kcups are expensive particularly so if you ca n't actually use them . At this point I 'm gun shy .
 My husband and I purchased the Keurig B70 from QVC as a Christmas gift to ourselves . The second day we used it it clogged up and per instructions we used a paperclip to unplug the hole on the filter , however , this still did n't work so I soaked the filter holder in hot water for about 30 minutes and after some coffee grounds were dislodged , it worked again . Over the course of a month , we had to use that paperclip more times than I can remember . Sometimes I did n't have time to mess with it and would pull out my old $ 10 coffee maker out so I could get on with my day . The final straw came when I spent over an hour trying to figure out where the clog was , the paperclip was not dislodging anything yet the water simply was not running through the lines . I boxed it up and sent it back before my return time had expired . I felt that spending $ 170 + on a coffee maker was a big splurge and it was ridiculous that you had to keep paperclips on hand to ensure a cup of coffee . It was really a disappointment . On a final note , for the first time I left a review on QVC regarding the Keurig pretty much saying exactly what I said here . They sent me an e-mail that they would not post the review because my review `` did not meet their standards '' . I thought consumers should be aware that these things might be an issue so I am posting my review with Amazon .
 Let me say that I really liked this appliance . I used it ALOT . 4-7 times a day I think . BUT , my first was purchased in November 2006 . By New Year 's day , it no longer heated water . Contacted MFG and was n't very impressed although they offered to replace . Amazon replaced OVERNIGHT ! Loved the replacement . In March 2007 , the replacement no longer heated . Contacted MFG . and was suggested `` using the appliance on a circuit/outlet with ANY other appliance was not recommended '' she further offered that my electrical system might be substandard and the toaster I use twice a year was likely frying my Keurig . Called Amazon . They gladly processed my second B70 for return . My Cusinart Grind & Brew has been plugged into the same outlet for 5 years before the Keurig sent it to the basement . It still works great . Not sure why each of my 2 Keurig B70 's died twice . Apparently , I 'm not good at feeding and watering but , I did love it . That blue LED light made my houseguests seem like mosquitos at a lightbulb . I have a ton of K-cups in my cabinet . Maybe I 'll try a smaller model .
 I must admit that I am VERY disappointed . I LOVE the concept of this machine , but apparently Keurig is plagued with consistent problems with this machine and others . I have had my B70 for less than a month and it 's already defective . It started shutting itself off even before it would attempt to start to brew . At first I dismissed it to user error but during this last week , it 's been shutting itself off in the middle of a brew cycle - the display goes to `` not ready '' and then it just completely powers off ! I double checked the settings and the auto off is disabled so it 's not user error . I have used bottled water from day one , so Keurig is not going to get away with telling me that I need to descale the thing . I 'm also disappointed with their customer service - like other reviewers , I too am getting the run around . I called Customer Service on Thursday and after spending several minutes giving my name , address , phone number , email address , purchase date and serial number -LRB- by the way , I had already registered my unit online so I found myself wondering why I was having to provide all of this information again on the phone -RRB- I was told `` gee , we sold thousands of them on QVC so our call volumes are very high right now . '' So , after providing all of the information to Customer Service and describing the problem I was then told that I must speak to a `` technician '' for further assistance . After waiting on hold for several minutes I was informed that there was n't a technician available and assured that someone would call me back within 48 hours . As you may suspect , it 's been 24 hours and not a single attempt from a technician to contact me has been made -LRB- I have caller ID so I know that no attempt to contact me has been made -RRB- . I attempted to call Keurig again Friday afternoon to see if perhaps one of these so called `` busy technicians '' was available , but I was finally told that they all went home for the day . As you may have seen with other reviewers , their technicians work Monday to Friday until 5 or 5:30 pm ET . I also attempted to call the third party vendor that I ended up inadvertently ordering this unit from through Amazon -LRB- Chef 's Corner Store -RRB- . I called them at 2pm Pacific on Friday and they did n't answer their phone . Their voice mail indicated that if I was calling during business hours -LRB- of course , their business hours were n't provided in the message -RRB- I 'd receive a call back , However , no attempt was ever made to return my call.Because I do love this machine , I find myself continuing to give Keurig a chance , although I 'm fairly confident that a replacement machine probably wo n't last very long either . From what I 've read , most folks ca n't seem to get one to last more than about 11/2 years . As with other reviewers , this is very disappointing considering the cost of this machine - it 's almost $ 200 . You 'd expect better quality and much better customer service for that price . And if you look at other negative reviews , you 'll see that this problem has gone on for years.My minor disappointment with this machine is the lack of mug warmer . I have my B70 set for the maximum temp which is 192 degrees . It 's hot when it first brews , but with no mug warmer -LRB- the machine simply has a little drip tray plate -RRB- the coffee cools off quickly . To get around this problem , I purchased a mug warmer and simply replaced the drip tray with the mug warmer - that way I can brew a cup of coffee but do n't feel like I have to rush back in to the kitchen to get to it before it starts cooling off . I 'm quite surprised , actually , that Keurig has n't designed a built in mug warmer . I think it would be an ingenious idea!I finally received a call from one of the `` busy technicians '' today . This gal could not wait to get me off the phone . She did n't even ask me to descale the thing telling me that she agreed that it 's been too soon to have to need to descale it . I found it fascinating that she mentioned the descaling first - this seems to be a canned response from Keurig and their answer to all of their problems -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . She did ask if I 'd used the special filter that allows consumers the option of using their own coffee instead of one of the prepackaged K-Cups - implying that this is the cause of a machine that has decided to shut itself off all the time.I received my new replacement B70 unit on Thur 1/14/2010 and installed it on Friday . Low and behold , yesterday I had powered it on to make a cup a coffee and returned about 10 mins . later to find that the machine was powered off . I thought for sure this was simply user error . Unfortuantely , I turned it on again today , and after making a low hum for about two minutes , it did n't even draw water in to the back of the unit , it just powered off all by itself . I turned it back on , it did it again . I turned it back on a third time and then it finally pumped the water and brewed the coffee . I SIMPLY CAN NOT BELIEVE THIS - this is my second , replacement machine , shipped to me directly from Keurig , and it 's not even a week old and the darn thing is doing exactly what the first one was doing . So I 'm on the phone with customer service again , this time they could n't find me in their system because the technician who sent me the replacement machine put my middle name on the replacement order , and put my middle name first . So after spending far too long with this customer service rep -LRB- I had to spell out gmail.com -RRB- , she tried to get me to a technician - and of course , their technicians were all busy . So once again , I 'm waiting for 24-48 hours for a technician to call me back so that they can tell me that yes , by all means , this machine is defective too , and gosh , we 'll get you another one out right away.Well , as expected , I 'm now on my third Platinum B70 and it too only lasted days . Same problem as the first two . The only good thing is that after all of my complaining , someone at Keurig finally cared and reached out to me , first by email , then by phone . Apparently Josh O'Leary really exists ! The disappointing thing is that he 'll lie to your face and tell you that they 've really only had a small number of machines with problems even though there are countless complaints on Amazon and on Keurig 's own website when you look at the feedback for all of the models combined - it 's simply a global issue for them . And now mysteriously , the Platimum B70 is out of stock at Keurig until April . I 'd like to think that they 're pulling them in an attempt to actually fix the problem before reintroducing the B70 's back to the market.UPDATE 6/28/2011
 As so many other people have found our Platinum $ 150.00 brewer does exactly the same thing , it shuts itself off for no reason . This is our second brewer the first one was sent back as it was defective also . This time I can not get ahold of customer service and they take at least a week to answer any emails . I SUBMITTED A REVIEW ON THEIR SITE AND THEY DID N'T POST IT . It seems they only post reviews of 4 stars or better . Keurig is horrible do not buy their produts .
 Please folks , do n't waste your money . If you want a trendy cup of Joe , take $ 170 in singles and use it to make a fire to boil the water . Results will be the same . I 've had two of these Platinum Home Brewers - still not happy . The first one -LRB- a Christmas gift -RRB- worked for about a month before it stopped pulling water from the tank and then shutting off . After weeks of `` telephone diagnostics '' with Keurig Customer Service ... which is only available from 9-5 by the way , so you have to take off work and be at the coffee machine ... we grew angry enough and cussed so much that they mailed us a replacement / exchanged the brewer . Guess what , this new one is exhibiting the same behavior now . Brewing only one cup of coffee must be a feature I did n't see in the fine print . I give up . What a waste of money on my part . Looking at this shiny blue and silver ornament on my countertop makes me angry every time I look at it.One might infer that it 's user error , but we 've tried tap water , filtered water , bottled water ... water water . I have also done everything the customer service department recommended . Frustrating as Hell trying to get a simple cup of coffee before you go to work in the morning and watching the stupid thing shut off right in front of you.We 've reverted back to a simple , Mr. Coffee machine . Old school , but it works just fine.I could n't be more dissatisfied with this product . Before you buy , check out Keurig 's website ... look for the `` customer service '' or `` feedback '' section to try and reach them electronically . Guess what - it does n't exist . Coincidence ? Only way to get in contact with them is by braving the 1-800 phone tree ... Good luck with that . Have 3-fingers of something soothing before you dial in ...
 after having gone thru 4 of the Keurig Platinum editions in under 15 months , I officially DO NOT RECOMMEND this product . Machine # 1 seemed to suffer from bi-polar disorder and would randomly not be in the mood to brew coffee ... so it would n't . Then , it stopped brewing all together ... could n't get it to brew no matter how many times I restarted it or how perfectly I cleaned it ... so , on to Keurig # 2 . Within a few weeks Keurig # 2 began acting up in the same manner . After reading several blogs regarding Keurig care , I decided that the best plan would be to weekly remove every removable part there was and scrub the crap out of it . Although cleaning on a weekly basis , Keurigs # 2 and # 3 each quit on me . I contacted Keurig who told me that I needed to clean the machine better ... what the ? On to Keurig # 4 - which decided on the SECOND CUP that it was n't going to brew anymore . Clearly , this is NOT an issue of maintaining the machine . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 I purchased a B70 in October to replace my B60 which was starting to fail after a year or two of solid use . I was only able to use the new brewer for 11/2 weeks before it malfunctioned . I turned it on one morning and after it heated up it started brewing even though I did n't press any brew buttons . After it pushed out a coffee cup full of water it continued to push out hot steam and did n't stop until I unplugged it . After this the machine seemed to be stuck on trying to heat the water and never became `` ready to brew '' . Customer service told me that it was probably my well water that caused the problem even though I was using the same water in the B60 the whole time I had it . Luckily they said they would replace it for me THIS time but not to use my well water . A second unit arrived shortly after and I filled the reservoir with bottled water this time . But when I turned it on and tried to prime the brewer the pump made lots of noise but did n't take up any water . Customer service told me how to access the unit 's computer program to try and reset it but the same thing happened . The pump still would not take up water . The representative told me they would need to send a replacement . At this point I was done with the B70 and decided to have a B60 sent instead which I am completely satisfied with .
 My husband purchased this machine as a holiday gift . It completely stopped working after 7 days . When we called Keurig warranty , they told us this machine had previously been returned as defective . We purchased through an amazon partner , `` Bargain Buddy '' and thought we were buying a new machine . It is one thing to knowingly buy a used model , but this practice seems deceptive . If this issue is successfully -LRB- and quickly -RRB- resolved , I will post an update . In the meantime , I 'd urge caution in purchasing from this vendor .
 This machine is horrendous . Mine worked less than 1 year . Woke up one morning last week and the display was blank and it wo n't turn on at all . It 's now a boat anchor . And before that it would often brew a half cup or even worse , push the button and nothing would come out . Did some searching online and found out this is a very common issue and to correct it you do n't clean it , you turn it upside down and bang on it . Well , I tried to clean it anyway and still did n't work right . Banged on the bottom and worked . Should n't have to do that . It 's just a bad machine and I would n't suggest it at all . I will buy another K-cup machine but it wo n't come from Keurig .
 I received my Keurig B-70 as a Christmas present in December 2010 and was initially in love with it , but it quit working last month -LRB- July -RRB- . I descaled every several months like they suggested -LRB- using their expensive stuff -RRB- and took good care of my machine , but it started `` acting up '' in early July and then totally would not brew . I have tried everything , but ca n't get it to work . Now , I have looked carefully at the reviews in Amazon , and see that literally HUNDREDS of people have had this problem , with many sending their machines back -LRB- after only a few weeks working -RRB- 4 or 5 times , and yet continued to have this or similar problems . You would think that , for several hundred dollars , you could get a machine to last for a while , but that does not appear to be the case . Other models of Keurig , and other `` pod '' or `` K-cup '' coffee maker manufacturers -LRB- like Breville -RRB- also have dismal reliability . If you do n't believe me , click on the one-star reviews , and look at the many , many pages of frustration and anger.This is a sad development for me ... like many others , I was in love with the ease of use , the styling , and the wonderful variety of delicious coffees . So much for dreams ! Having read of the frustration of people who returned their unit for a replacement , only to have that one also fail after a few weeks or months , I do n't intend to put myself through that . I have reconciled to my loss and have gone back to using my french press coffee maker . I add coffee , hot water from my wonderfully reliable Zojirushi hot pot -LRB- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED -RRB- , let it steep and then press and pour . No pumps or computers to go wrong ... works reliably EVERY TIME ! Cheaper also!Don ' t put yourself through the agony that others have ... get something reliable ... french press or otherwise . Run away from these expensive computerized albatrosses ! They wo n't work for long !
 This machine is really convenient , and makes nice coffee . The problem is that they are COMPLETELY unreliable and will stop working properly within short order . This unit worked fine for several months and then started shutting off every time after one cycle . I thought it was a cleaning/maintence issue and maybe I needed to do something to clean it out . Turns out , if you google the problem , there 's thousands of discussion posts by users with similar problems . Many of them are on the 3rd and 4th replacements . The company is apparently good about honoring replacements , warranties and all , but who wants to spend this kind of chedda and go through the hassle of sending for a replacement twice a year !
 I 've gone thru two Keurig Machines both of them broke , Also have friends who have notthing but problems with theirs.I recently bought the Tassimo T65 after using it at my work and friends house I absolutley love it!Yes Keurig wins with their big selection in coffees but honestly I would have my two favorites that I would always buy and that was it , If you want good quality coffee get the Tassimo Hands down ! definitley has the tastiest coffee
 This product makes a really fine cup of coffee in no time flat . However , my 4th brewer just failed after two years of total ownership . While Keurig has consistently provided great customer service and replaced the failed brewer each time , this time I am going to give up and move on to another brand . Perhaps a Cuisinart will last more than a few months .
 I am on my 4th Kuerig in 2 years . I LOVE the coffee when it brews , but it is obvious that these machines have a design flaw . For the price of these coffee machines I would expect them to have a much longer life . I am done . My parents and sister have all had the same problems . Theirs all lasted just over a year and out of warranty ... Still too short of a lifespan for a $ 150 coffee brewing system.I will not buy another.Keurig B60 Special Edition Brewing System
 My in-laws got me this machine as a new house warming gift . I was so excited !! Then it only worked for 3 days . They took it back to costco and ordered me another one -LRB- same maching -RRB- here on Amazon . Got the Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System on Friday , and today is Sunday and it will not brew a cup . It is like the water is not getting pushed threw to the ` down spout ' . Same problem as the last machine that only lasted 3 days as well . I totally thought i had to be a fluke ! But i will not be getting the same machine for a 3rd time . Sad , without coffee !!!
 I bought the Keurig B70 Platinum system about 6 weeks ago . Right out of the box , I had problems with the machine refilling after brewing . The `` Prime '' light would go on and then the `` Add Water '' light . At first , it would happen about every 5 brews and now it 's every time I brew . I have to constantly remove the reservoir and put it back on 2 or three times before it will pull water to refill . Now what bugs me most is that it pulls water DURING the brew cycle every time , just not afterwards.I have contacted Kuerig and I have to say their customer service is outstanding . After a few troubleshooting tries -LRB- and failures -RRB- , they immediately sent out another brewer . All I have to do is send back the K-cup holder , which is a small plastic piece that pops right out -LRB- just push from the bottom -RRB- , to show the brewer is no longer in service . I have not received the new brewer yet as I just ordered it 2 days ago but after reading the reviews here , I 'm not expecting any better results . We will see ... On the plus side , it brews really delicious coffee -LRB- when it works -RRB- and is very easy to keep clean .
 These machines are prone to not pumping water and `` short-cupping '' -LRB- delivering too little water into the cup . Keurig likes to tell people they need to descale because that means its a user problem and not a design problem . But using distilled water wo n't prevent the problem . If it did , a lot of us would be happier -- not thrilled but happier . You need to read thru all the comments to understand the prob . Keurig has changed the pumps in their design at last 3 times in the last two years but the problem is n't the pumps ; it 's the valves.The most reliable way to unstick the valves is to remove the water tank , unplug the device , hold it upside down over the sink and give it a goo whack on the bottom . Really this works . If you think that 's an ok way to operate a device that costs this much , then this machine is for.More recently we 've heard that Keurig support is telling folks that they can not get a refund or replacement under warranty anymore because too many machines have been returned . Not honoring warranty ? I do n't see how that 's legal . I can believe they are overwhelmed with returns , but that 's the cost of business when you sell a bad design , keep selling it , keep insisting it 's just scale build-up , keep refusing to continue selling the product . They should have had full recall or refund for its customers .
 My wife and i received the top of the line B70 Keurig as a Christmas present . For the first 8 months or so , it was a quick , convenient , great tasting way to make coffee in the morning . I did all the recommended maintenance including de-scaling and clearing the various holes and pins with a paperclip . -LRB- yes , with a paperclip as recommended -RRB- After the first de-scaling , my machine would n't brew . I descaled it again , poked the various holes again and got it working ... for a few weeks . It was downhill from there . Every few weeks , sometimes days , I basically had to trick the thing into working by unplugging it , waiting 30 seconds or so -LRB- like you would rebooting a computer -RRB- , poking the holes , pins etc. with a paperclip and trying again . Sometimes it worked for a few weeks in a row , sometimes it did n't . It eventually stopped working , conveniently for Keurig , after the warrantee was over.Their tech support got it working one more time after multiple de-scalings , pokings , -LRB- I think you get the idea by now -RRB- until ... it finally died!Keurig offered me a brand new one for $ 119.00 ! Really ? $ 119.00 ? ... . for what ? Another expensive boat anchor?Keep in mind before you buy , that the K-cups at Costco run about $ 36.00 - $ 38.00 for 80 k-cups . My wife and I used 2 per day and when we had company , more than that . You do the math and decide if it 's worth it for you.I 'm sure Keurig makes money on the k-cups and for how expensive these things are , they should have GIVEN me another one just so they could keep getting the $ 450.00 + per year we were spending on k-cups . I still have my old Cuisinart ... , 7 years old and running strong !
 Got this for Christmas from my DH and sent it back the next day . It is convenient because you can make one cup of coffee at a time and it is very quiet . So for these reasons I was really excited to get this brewer . BUT the coffee is extremely watered down.I normally make coffee from a Cuisinart drip coffee maker and use a Cusinart burr grinder that measures the coffee grounds for me . I make the number of cups of coffee the grinder measures . I prefer medium and light coffees and find bold coffees have an undisireable after taste . So I am not a person who likes strong coffee . I used more than 10 different K-cups and tried every size of cup the machine offered . Even the smallest cup of coffee was watery . I then tried the reusable coffee filter that I also got for Christmas and even filling it to the top with two scoops of my usual brew was still not as good as my drip-brewed coffee and , sadly , again watery.I decided I prefer the coffee from my drip brewer and my DH is returning the Keurig . I suspect the issue is that the coffee does not get hot enough . Even though the machine claims to brew at 192 degrees it only measured on my -LRB- very reliable -RRB- food thermomether consistently in the low 170s . I even measured the temp without any coffee . I decided not to waste my time on an exchange if this is how a $ 190 machine comes out of the box . Very dissapointed !
 I bought this maker online cyber Monday . Got it a little over two weeks ago . Woke up yesterday morning and it was dead ... the clock was still showing time on the digital display but the rest was dead . I unpluged it and pluged it back in , then everything was dead including the clock . The package date on the box said 2/2011 . Keurig has known about problems with the design of this model for years as evidenced by numerous complaints . No excuse for continuing to put a clearly defective product on the shelf at such a hefty price . I opted to not call Keurig and ask them to send me another . I returned it to the retailer and bought the Cuisinart instead .
 Oy vey - this thing makes a good cup of coffee when it works ! I 've had it for less than a year and it is now starting to act very strange . Makes all the noise like it is brewing states it is brewing then nothing comes out . States ready to brew but does n't -LRB- nor make brewing noises -RRB- when pressing the button . Starts to brew just fine but only give 1/4 of a cup even though the largest cup size is chosen . It is crazy that it is not just one thing . My sister is on her THIRD one of these for similar issues -LRB- should have spoken to her first -RRB- . She states that every time she calls the customer service they send her a brand new unit but fail to correct the issue - the policy is that you ship part of the brewing arm -LRB- or something -RRB- back to them and they ship you a new unit . This way you ca n't use the old unit but the part you ship back is not or can not be used to fix the issue . She stated she would pay to ship the `` whole '' unit back if someone would just look at it and figure out the issue . No go . i would not buy this unit until there is a fix . Between 2 people , there have been 3 failed units - not a good track record !
 We have had our Keurig less than a year . It gets used approx 5-7 times a day ... depending on the day and suddenly it just stopped working . It sounds like the motor may have burned out . We do n't hear anything . We 've tried turning it off & turning it back on again ... nothing . We had a Flavia machine that worked just fine but everyone was raving about the Keurig so we replaced our perfectly functioning Flavia machine that we had for over 3 years , for the Keurig which did n't even last one year . Disappointed .
 I had one of the lower-end models for quite a while , and loved it . I decided to get this fancier machine and donate the older one to a friend.I am so disappointed in this machine . From day 1 it has leaked water all over the counter every time you use it . And the vibration as it is pulling in water to make a cup of coffee is so violent , that the coffee cup actually will `` walk '' off the machine unless I hold it in place.A search on Google for `` keurig leaking '' shows that this is a common problem . I 'm going to contact Keurig directly as they are apparently quite good about replacing the machine -LRB- although given how common the problem seems to be , I 'm not sure that 's going to end up being the solution -RRB- . In the end you just want a cup of coffee . So I 'd recommend sticking with one of the simpler models that are tried-and-true .
 My wife purchased the B60 model for our home in December of ' 09 . After 2 months of use it stopped working as it was designed - pump failure . I returned it and decided to upgrade to the B70 model . After only three days of use the B70 began having the same issues as the B60 , the pump would run for about 2 minutes and the unit would shutoff.Again , I returned the brewer and replaced it with another B70 unit . For roughly two weeks our third brewer worked flawlessly . Now , we 're returning it for a fourth . Same issue ... pump runs for a couple of minutes and then shuts off.I rated the B70 with 2 stars . If the end product , the coffee , was n't such high quality I would have rated the B70 a 1 star . If you 're in the market for a Keurig brewer I would wait until they redesign the pump before making your purchase . Too much money to buy K-cups and never get to use them and enjoy a nice cup of Joe.Footnote
 I have now purchased 4 of these machines , and can say the Coffee from them is delicious ... Every Cup is great and all the flavors are wonderful ... The Bad thing is all of the Keurig B70 's I have purchase have the exact same problem after just a few uses ... I would not recommend this manufacturer ... They all stop pumping the water and need to be turned on and off several times to work each time a cup is made ... You can on occasion get a couple cups before the pump stops and needs to be recycled . I have replaced one unit and the replacement does the same thing ... I only use filtered bottled water in them so it is NOT due to using tap water as the manufacturer wants to blame ... In Short , I love the k-cup coffee , but the quality of the machine itself is poor and not dependable .
 I bought the Keurig Single Cup Platinum Coffee Maker after drinking delicious coffee made with it at the hair salon . After it arrived , I used it about a month and it stopped working . I drink coffee on an average of 3 times a week so over use was n't the issue . The problem was the power on the coffee maker would n't stay on . I tried a variety of things listed in the instruction book includingKeurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup Home Brewing Systemsetting the timer and that did n't work . I turned the timer off thinking it was faulty and that did n't make a difference . I finally called the customer service number listed in the manual and they are replacing the unit . While I am hoping that the new coffee maker will work fine , I 'm not very optimistic . I read the reviews before purchasing it and there were those people who had problems but there were also people who loved it . I decided to take a chance . For me , it was not a good decision . I would never buy it again nor would I recommend it to friends .
 DO NOT BUY THIS B70 !!!! Unless you want to buy a new one every 2 weeks like we have done ! We are now about to take it back for the 3rd time ! At first we thought maybe it was our electricity in our newly constructed house and a problem with our breakers ... however upon googleling this issue , I can easily see it happens all the time ! It will work fine for about a week , then just start shorting out when it tries to pull water from the reservoir ! So annoying ! You have to stand there and turn it back on over and over again to try and get one damn cup out of it ... and it wo n't even fill the cup up to the selected size ! It 's been filling up 4 oz when I choose the largest mug size ! This one is going back too . Not sure what we will get in it 's place . I am a little sick of buying these expensive landfilling plastic cups ! And I miss my D&D coffee !
 I got a B70 for Xmas and it kept shutting off on its own , so I returned it for another B70 . It had the same problem . Then I found all the reviews that said the B70 was defective , so I tried the B60 . Same problem again , it wo n't brew unless I take out the water reservoir and put it back in . Repeat process for each cup you want to brew . The auto turn on feature does n't work because of this , so do n't expect a hassle free cup of coffee in the morning . Definitely not worth it .
 I purchased my first Keurig B70 Brewing System at Costco around January 1st of 2010 . Initially , I loved the machine . The coffee was good , it is very convenient and I love the selection of K-Cups that are available . One month later , the unit started acting up . I would make one cup , and then the Keurig would try to pump water from the reservoir and then fail . This caused the machine to shut off . Restarting the machine typically works and would allow me to brew another cup , but this was obviously unacceptable . I then returned the Keurig B70 to Costco and got another one of the same model . Now approximately one month later the new machine is doing the same thing
 My experience with Keurig is going to draw to a close soon.This is my story . I had a B70 -LRB- a gift -RRB- and around X-mas it started brewing half-cups . Desperate for coffee I rushed to Kohl 's and bought a Platinum . It was so quiet . So nice . Worked great for 4 months . Then it started brewing half cups . I called Keurig -- they talked me through many ministrations and sure enough it worked for about 5 days and then failed again . I called again and Keurig sent me a new one and all I had to do was send the K-cup holder back to them.I then used the new machine and -LRB- the usefulness of `` cut and paste '' -RRB- ... it worked great for 4 months . Then it started brewing half cups and water came out the return . I called Keurig -- they talked me through many ministrations and sure enough it worked for about 5 days and then failed again . I called Keurig again and Keurig is sending me a new one and all I have to do is send the K-cup holder back to them.So customer service is terrific . The device , if you use it more than once in a while , iffy at best.So my plan is to use up the rest of the K-cups and then retire the device -- or maybe I 'll sell the K-cups and the new device on e-bay . In any case , I am done with Keurig .
 Hi!I have used Philips Senseo coffee maker for over 5 years and never have to worry about green algae.Guess what with this unit , I thought I just need to add water like my old Philips Senseo . I was wrong.It leaves water mark inside water container and guess what , it even had green algae like my gold fish tank.I use this machine regulary and I guess the water tank never gets hot like Philips and with clear plastic container with sunlight , it had a good chance to grow green algae . BTW , I use filtered water for this coffee maker.I think Keurig need to do something about the clear color water container because this is big container and should n't be clear color in the first place.If I need to constantly remove water and clean the water container , then they should n't make this unit.or they should make the water container gets hot like Philips Senseo or have some sun light block.You probably need to check you water container on the bottom to see if you have any green algae . It was not easy to notice that we had green algae.My unit is only two months old and I should n't have this problem .
 It 's hard for me to give the Keurig a negative review , I have enjoyed it enough to buy a second one after my first one died -LRB- I 'm lucky , mine lasted 2 years -RRB- . Many other reviewers have talked about the short life span of these brewers , so I wo n't repeat what others have all ready said . My current one sounds like it 's going to die soon -LRB- only got 11/2 years out of this one -RRB- and I 'm not going to buy another one - here 's why : What I 'd like you to consider before purchasing this `` brewing system '' is just how much the coffee is going to cost you : Box of 16 K-cups -LRB- $ tarbucks -RRB- = $ 12.98 -LRB- here @ amazon -RRB- Price per K-cup = $ 0.81 Pound -LRB- 16 oz -RRB- of Starbucks coffee = $ 11.99 -LRB- grocery store , $ tarbucks store -RRB- 2 TBSP coffee = 14g -LRB- recommended for 6 oz cup o ' joe -RRB- 28g = 1oz16oz * 28g/oz = 448g in 16oz coffee448g divided by 14g -LRB- one cup -RRB- = 32 cups can be made from one pound $ 11.99 / 32 = $ 0.38 per cup -LRB- vs. $ 0.81 per K-cup -RRB- In other words , THE K-CUPS COST TWICE AS MUCH FOR THE EXACT SAME COFFEE !! That 's $ 23.98 a pound , if you were wondering . `` But I got one of those reusable filters for it , '' you reply . `` So now I 'm buying the regular coffee instead and saving money . '' Well , that 's what I decided to do , too . Except now I 'm basically making coffee exactly the same way I would with a regular drip coffee maker . Let 's face it , the K-Cups are pretty much the whole point of this thing . If you 're not going to use the K-Cups , there really is n't much of an advantage over a regular coffee pot . Yes , it brews coffee in 30 seconds or so , but it does n't take THAT much longer make a small , 4-cup pot of coffee -LRB- with a $ 20 - $ 30 coffee maker -RRB- . Or 4 minutes for a French Press.Don ' t get me wrong , I really love kitchen gadgets . And I really love coffee . But this time it was n't a good combination . What I decided to do was go back to using my French Press , but I now have two
 My Keuring brewing system died prematurely , as so many other reviewers have experienced . In my case , it made noise like it was pumping water , but little or nothing was dispensed . I used filtered water , de-scaled the machine per Keurig 's instructions , and overall treated my machine very well . After some broad online searching , I very much agree with other critical reviewers
 Costco has the same machine for $ 145 with 60 k-cups ... Just rediculous . . Starting to sigh on amazon ... . Prices this season have been jacked sky high ...
 Junk . Do n't buy . It worked fine for a few weeks -LRB- just long enough for me to invest in a large order of K-cups -RRB- , and then just stopped working . Sometimes it works , but at least 50 % of the time it fails to work . Resetting it , cleaning it , descaling it , turning it off and on have no effect . So , I walk away and then a couple of days try it again and it works . Maddening.Looks like I 'm not the first one to have this problem . It 's clearly a design/manufacturing issue - why wo n't Keurig cop to the flaw and refund us our money ? Meanwhile Costco keeps selling these .
 coffee grains get clogged in the water lines and I have to unclog daily ... I am on my second machine in a month . Love the idea of the machine but just does n't work well in reality ...
 I really wanted to love this . After trying a variety pack of coffee k-cups , today I have decided to return it to Costco whence it came.My biggest problem was that I was not enjoying my morning cup of coffee . Sadly , I do not know if it is me , or the coffee after reading so many great reviews.The coffee tastes flat and has a bit of an aftertaste . There was also no complexity to the flavor . I find the flavor is similar to trying to use the french press to make 1 cup versus the 4 cups it can hold . For some reason when using the french press I need to make the entire 4 cups to get the best flavor . I also bring my water to a boil and then let it sit for 20 seconds or so before adding it to the coffee grounds . I was looking forward to simplicity without the waste here.Tomorrow I will go back to using my french press.I give this product 2 stars for concept , and it looks great on my counter .
 the idea is great , the product itself is absolute junk . there 's a reason they just send you a new brewer , no questions asked , when yours breaks . I did everything I was suppose to do and these things just keep breaking . I went on vacation for ten days -LRB- and I emptied and unplugged my brewer -RRB- and when I got home , a pump had gone out -LRB- very easy to hear -RRB- yet it just says `` de-scale '' . The k-cups are great , but go with a Cuisinart or other brand besides Keurig -LRB- which is sad bc it 's their product ! -RRB- I would NEVER reccommend a Keurig to my friends . I have talked to many fellow Keurig owners who are on their 3rd or 4th machines as well .
 I bought a B-70 for my home . We enjoyed it for about six months , and then it died -- refused to put any water out . I called Keurig , and they blamed it on me , saying I did n't rinse it often enough or thoroughly enough . But they replaced it . The new one lasted a couple of months and died the same death.I 'm back to a Bodum . It always works .
 -LRB- Update 2-20-2012 -RRB- I threw out another Keurig Platinum yesterday due to pump failure . Seems like this craftsmanship is just not consistent . Bought a Bodum double walled French Press and fresh roasted coffee from a roast master I know and am very happy to be back to basics . If I were to buy a coffee maker again it would be the MoccaMaster Carafe coffee maker . Go check that out . You 'll be much happier . The greatest sense of satisfaction of ownership with the Keurig was listening to it travel down the trash chute and into the trash bin . Serenity now ! Cheers . -LRB- update 11-2011 -RRB- Keurig basically sucks . Do n't read too far into that . When you first buy it of course it rocks . Then when it dies on you it wont rock , it will suck . Then when you call support and they walk you through calibration , it will rock again . Then when it permanently dies less than 1 year into ownership . It WILL SUCK , Then when you call customer service again and they replace it for free , it will most definitely rock . But finally when the new unit breaks down faster than your first unit did and you cant get a replacement , you will be where I am at . I hate this machine . This machine has ruined my coffee experience . Not only will I never use one again , I ask myself why I even stopped french pressing my coffee in the first place . The k-kups all suck , they are old coffee , the taste is sour when they get cold and I wasted like $ 700 after working out the cost of my sorry persistent butt thinking I could eventually make something good come out of it all other than just coming here and ranting about how this machine sucks . So ... remember ... Keurig ... sucks . Save your money , trust me . Lastly , when you get your friends to buy these and they break in exactly the same way ... do n't complain because this review is warning you . Good for 6-12 months of use . -- -LRB- Original Review from March 2011 -RRB- Worked excellently for 6 months then stopped brewing correct sizes and would take 10 mins to start working . I went through the whole `` Use Vinegar for 5 hours '' solution and blew through 4 gallons of vinegar over 5 different decalcification attempts ... it was n't that . It was the pump . I use 4x filtered water and the unit I use is kept very clean . -LRB- I have since edited down to a two star -RRB- The third star is only because the customer service replaced the exact model after my second call to tell them that it stopped working again . The first call to them was so they could tell me to shove a safety pin into all the holes and to free up any junk . The only junk coming out of that pin hole now is ... well ... nothing is coming out so 3 stars ! $ 179 plus $ 70 every month for coffee = $ 420 + $ 179 = $ 599 divided back by the 6 months of ownership = $ 100 per month for ownership of this device . Add the technical price of the replacement at the 6 month mark and its $ 130 per month just to have it sit on your counter.Buy a French Press and use your favorite coffee and you can potentially save $ 80/Month . That 's $ 960 per year in your pocket savings .
 If you 're one of those who likes to be able to see through your coffee to the bottom of the cup , this thing 's for you ! While there may be a wide variety of flavors I have yet to find one that can match brewed or traditional drip coffee for full , rich taste and aroma . Even when set to the smallest size and using the `` boldest '' varieties this one disappoints . It 's not that my unit is malfunctioning as I 've had coffee from other Keurig units at relatives and friends houses . It just makes really weak coffee.Not just weak , but oddly flavored . Compared to conventional coffee this has an odd chemical taste . Some have said `` plasticky '' , but I 'd say it has more of a talcum powder tinge.Despite the claims of other reviewers the cups themselves are n't very friendly to the environment either . They ca n't be recycled without a lot of effort , only get used once , and require quite a bit of energy to manufacture compared to bulk ground coffee.I have continued to use this since purchase because I did n't want to throw away the initial expense . I almost feel ashamed for buying and using this over the last year because of the waste .
 Our 2nd Keurig Platinum in 3 years is now doing it 's ` end of life ' tricks . Descaling light comes on immediately after descaling . We use filtered water and descaled this one ahead of the regularly scheduled process . Spent too much time on the phone with a technician to learn the fine art of unclogging the sharp piece that pierces the cup . That trick lasts for one maybe two cups of coffee , then descaling flashes again . Shortly after that , we start getting ` short ' cups ... the pump is not pulling in the appropriate amount for the size chosen . Over $ 300 wasted with Keurig . You 've lost another customer , and have warned friends who saw this in our home and were considering making a purchase to stay away from this model and proceed with caution with other models .
 Some background
 While I love the ease and variety this machine offers ... the quality is horrid . I have gone through two machines already and I am going to try a different model in hopes I can get one that will work . I love it when it works ... which is for about 3-4 months then it stops drawing water and brewing a full size cup .
 WHEN it works , coffee is great . The problem is after brewing one cup the machine shuts off during reheat . Since we received this B70 my wife and I can not have coffee together ! I am now on my 2nd machine with the same problem . Keurig takes 4-5 days to call back .
 First of all , make sure you get the Platinum PLUS machine . It does n't cost much more , and it has a rinse button . This ad seems to be for the plain Platinum machine but I do n't see Plus on Amazon anywhere so something is weird.The coffee that comes out of this machine tastes really good , but I hate the machine itself . It is so SLOW . I 'd rather just drive to Dunkin Donuts . The water trickles out in a slow drip , which causes maximal splash-back all over the machine . Even when I just want hot water it droooools out so slow . And the controls are hard to remember , I 'm always press press pressing to try to get the right size cup of water . I wish I got a different model , maybe not the Keurig brand , but still using the K-Cups .
 Our initial experience with the Keurig Platinum brewer was very positive . We loved all the K cup choices and the ability to make individual cups of coffee within minutes . However , our first brewer broke within two years . Keurig sent us a replacement brewer , but we had to pay almost full price because the one-year warranty had expired . The replacement brewer only worked for three months before it stopped brewing . After several calls to Keurig , they are sending us a third one . I would not bother to get another one if it were n't free . I am skeptical that the new one will work any longer than the first two . Also , the technician I spoke with today said that we should be descaling our brewer every two months -LRB- the manual says every 3-6 months -RRB- and cleaning the needles every two weeks -LRB- the manual makes no recommendation as to frequency -RRB- . My sister and a friend have also had problems with their Keurigs . I am giving it two stars because it is marvelous when it works . But for the price , I expect better quality and reliability .
 After visiting a relative , I bought a Kuerig Platinum coffee maker and persuaded my mom and aunt to do the same . Now about a year later , all three of the coffee makers no longer work . We have tried everything in the manual to correct the problem without success . The water flow out of the coffee maker is so slow that you can not even make a full cup of coffee and descaling does not help . I might be able to justify one of our coffee makers having a problem , but all three ? When purchasing a coffee maker for $ 160.00 , I certainly expect it to last longer than a year . Stay away from the Kuerig coffee maker or you 'll be buying another one in a short amount of time . Very disappointed in the quality of this product and its longevity !
 It was only AFTER our new B70 Keurig crapped out after working flawlessly for 10 days , that I googled `` keurig does n't draw water '' and lo and behold found the hundreds of discussions and complaints about this machine . Do n't be fooled by the 4 stars shown on Amazon . The thing is deeply flawed and unreliable . Read the 1-star reviews for the real story . Too bad , because when it worked , it was GREAT . It 's hard to beat a great cup of coffee in 10 seconds . But it DOES N'T WORK for an awful lot of people , including me , and from the volume of problems out there , it 's a poor design and not worth the huge amount of money . Do n't waste your money on this item until they have made major reliability improvements .
 I love the idea of the Keurig brewer . My husband and I drink different coffees so this is a geat appliance for us . However , I have been through 2 of the B70 brewers . I always take care to descale and properly care for it , but it is the most fickle machine ever . Customer service is always helpful , and they can usually get it working again . . but , who has time to spend 30 minutes on the phone with customer service once per month ?!
 This product just shows how lazy people have become and just haw ignorant and uncaring people are of the environment . It really is sad . Every serving of poor coffee/hot chocolate/etc required you to throw away a small plastic cup that can not be recycled and will never break down . That is millions of these lille waste bombs a day !! If you can live with yourself for that , you obviously do not care about the planet or anyone living on it .
 In a world where we have floating islands of plastic . How does this type of product even get patented , let alone sold and popular ? Each cup of coffee , tea , hot chocolate , has a plastic cup that , you guessed it , gets sent to the land fill.I have seen these becoming more popular , instead of doing away with such a trash producer , like I would love to believe this world is moving towards.There must be a better greener way to make coffee ! Please do n't buy this!I ca n't give it a star , I wish there were negative stars . -LRB- I guess I have to give it one , because it wo n't let me post without -RRB-
 For three months I loved this machine now I beat it with my can opener . It wo n't brew when it says it ready . Now I am searching for a better model or brand . Any ideas ?
 We have the B77 . Did everything we could think of to ensure a good tasting cup of coffee . Flushed the system , used bottled water , different brews from different suppliers . Could not , no matter what we tried , get a cup of coffee that was not bitter or sour . It 's going back .
 Update Feb 17 , 2010The machine has stopped working and is not reliable . Calls to Keurig support are returned in 24 hours . They no longer have a direct customer support number . The machine has been descaled 3 times and is unreliable . We have to buy a new machine . Keurig offered us a discount because it is out of warranty . I am going o pony up the mony because it is a great cup of Joe and I need my coffee.I purchased the B70 two months ago and I am really disappointed with it . It is VERY LOUD and I MEAN VERY LOUD . I have had the basic model B40 -LRB- see my review under all my reviews -RRB- for over 2 years and it works great . Why did I get a B70 ? because the B70 make a cup of coffee that is larger than the B40 using the same K-CUP . It also holds more water 64oz -LRB- B$ -RRB- - 48oz -RRB- which is true but it stops brewing when it gets low on water . The problem is there is still 14oz of water in the reservoir . It will not even let me brew a smaller cup of coffee when it is flashing . It also has an annoying BRIGHT BLINKING BLUE LIGHT . ANNOYING.Pluses - Larger Cup brew size.Negatives - LOUD LOUD LOUD , leaves too much water in reservoir and needs frequent refills , annoying blue light , and LOUD LOUD LOUDsuggested improvements - ability to hook up to dedicated water supply for consumer model , option of turning off annoying blinking blue light . Make it quiet as the B40.Consider the B40 model . It really does make a great cup of coffee .
 This coffeemaker looks great and works well ... everything is great except one thing . . it does not make a good cup of coffee.The coffee is weak ... it does n't matter about the four brew sizes , they all make watered down coffee ... it is more like flavored water ... I tried different types of coffeee , I bought two of the containers where you can brew your own ... it all comes out weak ... I really wanted to like this coffeemaker . First , I have lots of other coffeemakers , but liked the idea of fast perfect coffee in the morning with no clean-up ... 30 seconds after waking up , a fresh brewed coffee , plus this is the most expensive coffee maker I have purchased ... so I wanted to love it ... now I do n't know what to do with it ... its fast and easy ... but the coffee is weak ... tried green mountain , timothys , others ... i tried to convince myself that the coffee was good , but finally have to admit that it is weak coffee flavored water , If you do n't like this review , then I suggest you spend your $ 200 plus $ 20 per 2 boxes of k-cups . After a week , you 'll wish you had listened.Update 12/23/2006 ... the coffee is okay at the smallest cup size .
 I had an older Keurig machine which was bigger but great . I purchased this Model which looks more like something out of sharper Image . the water container has an internal blue LED light that illuminates the water a Star Trek like blue and will flash when the water gets low . So if you like a nice big cup of Joe or tea you 'll need to fill it often . Now that said , about the noise factor - this thing sucks in water and growls very loudly , like a coffee grinder . If you are filling a big mug of coffee , you will need to fill your cup twice which means the machine will have to suck water in 4 TIMES which lasts about 6 or 7 seconds . It rattles anything on the kitchen counter from the vibration frequency . Sounds great does n't it ...
 After having 5 of these machines in the last 2 years I can say without question that Keurig does not make a quality product in the B70 , B60 , B40 . Keurig 's customer service did replace two of the brewers free of charge , but every time they fail in the same manner , the pump stops drawing in water and therefore does n't make a cup of coffee.Please vote with your dollars and purchase another version of the single cup machine . I also have an old -LRB- + 3 years -RRB- keurig desktop brewers in which you have to fill the stainless reservoir before each cup and it works great to this day .
 Had this for about 10 months when it started acting quirky . Was going to submit it as a warranty issue when it fixed itself . Of course after the warranty expired , it got quirky again .1 - It backflushes the water back in to the tank . Ok , I do n't really care about that as long as it brews fine . But once this starts be careful about filling to the top or else like me you 'll be mopping up the mess on your counter .2 - Brews a random amount of coffee . Fortunately , it is always less than the setting indicates and not more . I generally use Summatra Bold and go for a travel mug size . I 'd guess it is now brewing between 3 and 5 ounces . So then I go for either the 10 or 8 ounce size . If I need a third attempt , I usually choose the iced tea setting . So far I have managed to get close to the desired amount in 2 or 3 attempts without overflowing .3 - The brewing time has also gone wacky . After it has brewed a couple ounces as above , it sits there with the word ` brewing ' on the screen but doing nothing . So far it has been safe to take my cup if it is the third brew . But it has meant that my original brew time of a minute or so has become 7 - 10 minutes per cup.Now you might think this was just my lemon machine . But I know exactly three people with the same model . My daughter 's did similar things but also had the shut off problem that other reviewers have complained about . Finally hers died altogether -LRB- I think that one lasted about 11/2 years -RRB- and she seems happy with her Cuisinart replacement . The other person is her husband 's sister who has had similar problems although I do n't know the details of that failure . They have now replaced their B70 with a different Keurig model.So of the three samples I am personally aware of , all three have failed in less than two years . I am the only one left and I have decided to look for that Cuisinart on sale . I can wait as it simply means I have to brew several times .
 For the first six months I absolutely loved this machine . The ease of making a single cup of coffee throughout the day made it vastly superior to making a whole pot that lost flavor as time went on . However , after about six months the machine started making 4 ounce cups rather than 8 ounce cups . I have used only filtered water since day one and had descaled the machine as well to prevent any mineral buildup . After numerous calls to Keurig and researching the issue on the web I could not change the short cupping problem . It seemed as though the water pump was just giving out . At about 8 months the machine finally stopped working altogether . Have seen reviews of the Keurig OfficePro line that are positive and have decided to give that one a try . While supposedly containing a noisier water pump the machine does not seem to stop working suddenly . Will update this review after using the Keurig OfficePro .
 When it works , it is a good unit . It is very expensive per cup . The parent company owns most of the many brands available for the machine so you get many choices of mostly very average at best coffee . The many choices let you think you 'll eventually get a great coffee , but ** sigh ** you wont find the best beans in the greenmountain or keurig parent owned coffees . The coffee you will get will however make lots of money for keurig . Having said that , it is really fast for a fresh cup of coffee , and works good at making quick tea . You can use the large size setting on the b-70 to make a quick pot of your favorite tea , and that can be gourmet tea if you want which is nice . I have had two units . Both broke after about 11 months to a year . So do n't expect them to last for a long time . Still I will probably buy a third . Im a 5-7 cup a day person and sometimes you need a quick fresh cup of average coffee .
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday in July 2010 . We loved that he could make a single cup of coffee to take with him to work and then when I got up later I would have the ability to have fresh coffee instead of the burnt leftovers in our old coffee maker . Our friends and relatives that came to visit would marvel at what great coffee this made . It was the perfect cup of coffee every time . The only downsides were that the coffee was significantly more expensive -LRB- $ 0.45 to $ 0.75 per cup -RRB- than a standard coffee maker -LRB- $ 0.04 to $ 0.08 per cup -RRB- , and the K cups are not biodegradable . Well , within 2 months of purchase the pump between the heating chamber and the coffee grounds began to falter . This was not something that happened often and we could usually get it to work again by unplugging it and then trying again a couple minutes later . We use only filtered water and I run vinegar through it every 2 months . I eventually brought it to our local Keurig service center , but the problem could not be replicated at the shop and I was sent back home , defective coffee maker in hand . In this entire time , I have never had a single error message . Well , it has been 1 year and 1 month to the day , and it 's done . The lifespan of this is not what I would expect for something that I paid so much money for . I will be sticking with our standard carafe style pot from now on . The coffee is cheaper , you can make a lot at once , it uses biodegradable supplies , and when it dies after 4 or 5 years , it will only cost about $ 40 to $ 60 replace.Pros : - great coffee-looks nice-can choose different cup sizesCons : - expensive coffee refills-lasts just long enough to be out of warranty period-K cups are not biodegradable
 I 've been using my B70 brewer for about 1.5 years and have n't had any problems until recently . A few weeks ago , my brewer started brewing parital cups , then a couple days ago I got the descale message . While I was descaling , the brewer started putting out less and less water until nothing came out at all , even though the machine would still say brewing.I had no idea so many other people had the same problem until I tried to look up troubleshooting tips . I tried several suggestions - unclogging the needles -LRB- both -RRB- , and cleaning the filter and nothing worked . Finally I called customer service to see if they could do anything to help . Well my disappointment with Keurig 's customer service was almost as great as my disappointment with the coffee maker . The only trouble shooting the representative offered was for me to unclog the needles , which I 'd already done , and that was it ! No offer for replacement parts , other tips to try , nothing . Well he did offer to sell me another Keurig at at steep discount of $ 117 which I promptly declined.If I 'm going to spend $ 100 + on a coffee maker , I expect it to be a quality one and last more than 1.5 years -LRB- though that seems to be longer than a lot of other people based on reviews -RRB- . I think this time around I 'm going to try a different coffee maker . Maybe then I 'll at least get a longer warranty on the machine.If you 're looking for a nice coffee maker that will last please do n't purchase this Keurig . You might be happy momentarily but it wo n't last .
 After a year of use , this thing is wack ... Does n't make a full cup of coffee and I have spent around 15 hours screwing around with this thing to no avail . I am going back to my Walmart 25 dollar Mr Coffee tomorrow morning and I definitely will not look back or miss this overpriced piece of garbage !!!! I would n't waste your money on this unless you like a 180 dollar paperweight . I had my old coffee maker for 8 years and it only cost 30 bucks ... Wish i would 've kept it instead of giving it away ... Then I could have just punted this POS Keurig out the door !!!
 I was dumb enough to buy 2 of these coffee makers both lasted about 6 months to a year . I will buy something else next time .
 I purchased this appliance a little over a year ago and when I woke up this morning to make a cup of coffee , I found it inoperable . It turns on , sounds as if it 's about to brew a cup and then just freezes . I called customer service and after walking me through the trouble shooting process which included cleaning out the 3 spouts with a paper clip , the agent told me the machine is dead . He then told me my warranty was expired but then offered me the identical coffee maker for $ 79.99 . Great deal ? I think not after only a little more than a year of operation . Let me add that I am single and live alone so the coffee maker does not get heavy use and at an original cost of $ 179.00 , I found this to be unacceptable . To be honest , I never loved the flavor of any of the k-cups I 've tried anyhow , but used it more out of convenience . I wo n't be purchasing another Keurig but instead , looking at the single brewers that use the Senseo pods or similar . Not only are they much more inexpensive , but they 're rated higher for taste , and they leave less of an eco footprint since there is no plastic but simply just a fibrous filter type pod . Keurig and K-cups have lost me as a customer .
 The Keurig was great while it lasted , but after about a year , my unit started to present all of the symptoms expressed in previous reviews . Troubleshooting alleviated most of the problems for a while , but then they progresively got worse until two weeks ago , when the unit totally failed . The unit will not power on at all.I researched the K-cup units for the past two weeks and they all get terrible reviews -LRB- Keurig , Cuisinart , Hamilton Beach , and Mr Coffee -RRB- . The units all have various problems , including but not limited to failures , weak coffee , and temperature issues.I debated for some time about purchasing another K-cup unit and decided that they are not worth it -LRB- too much maintenance and expense -LRB- cost of unit , k-cups , and impact to the enviroment -RRB- , so I purchased a drip coffee maker instead -LRB- Zojirushi Fresh Brew 10-Cup Thermal Coffee Maker -RRB- , which got rave reviews.Now , what to do with my current K-cup inventory ...
 I ordered this from QVC about two years ago and it worked fantastically well and I fell in love with it . For about three months . it started to say ` brewing ' but would n't brew anything . I called customer service and , rather than offer any fixes , they just told me to throw it out and sent a new one . The new one did the same thing occasionally but unplugging it and plugging it back in seemed to do the trick . Last week it started not brewing again , would n't even take in water to brew with . I tried EVERYTHING I found to fix it but nothing worked so I called again . I told customer service I had done everything to fix it but they ignored me and directed me to troubleshooting videos on their site , saying they were sure cleaning the needles -LRB- which I 'd already done twice -RRB- would fix the problem . I called back and , of course , it 's now out of warranty so all they did was offer to sell me one for $ 80 . Which I 'm sure they 'd also be happy to do AGAIN in a year when that one went out.I loved the machine while it worked but I should get more than a year and change out of a coffee maker that cost almost $ 200 . I assumed the first brewer was just defective and trusted the second one would last . But after a few searches and reading reviews on the Keurig website , it seems as if this is a known issue and a lot of people get less than three years out of their machines . What Keurig apparently counts on is that you 'll be just out of warranty by the time it fails , so they do n't have to send you a replacement . I 'll probably be looking into getting something non-Keurig branded now . Stay away unless you can afford to replace this every year or so .
 When it works , it brews well . My first one lasted just over a year . One morning when I put in a K-cup , it drew in the water , heated it , and then just stopped , with `` BREWING '' on the display . Powered it on and off multiple times , and called Keurig Service . It was stuck in Brewing mode but did nothing at all . Keurig could not give me an answer , and never called me back when they said the would . Very disappointed in the service.I took a chance and bought a second -LRB- same model , the Platinum -RRB- one . Not even six months into it , we descaled per the instructions . The machine now has trouble brewing the first cup each morning . Again it draws the water in , heats it fine , but never brews the cup . Sometimes powering it off and on , then brewing again will work , however it draws a little more water in and brews a larger cup than specified.After three days in a row of this , I called Keurig Service once again . They were a little more helpful this time , but basically were not listening to my symptoms , just simply reading off a card as to steps to take . They also sent me 2 boxces of K-cups free , useful if the machine can actually brew them!So far we are limping along , still having the problem of it not pushing out the heated water , and it 's getting worse . I am very disappointed in the quality of these machines for the price .
 After only 43 days , this machine stopped working . It would not pull water through , therefore it would not brew , it would n't clean ... it just quit . Customer Service was awful ... almost non-existent . We returned the Keurig , and replaced it with the Cuisinart that brews K-Cups . It cost more , but it has worked beautifully and is virtually the same machine . It feels more solid , also.I can not tell anyone that the Keurig is worth the money . As one reviewer said , take out the pump to make it a bit lighter when you toss it in the trash !
 We bought the B70 after doing quite a bit of research and for the first 60 days we were very happy with our purchase . After that , things went downhill quickly and we 've since had three different B70 brewers at our house , including the brand new one that does n't work that is sitting on our kitchen floor waiting for FedEx to pick it up and return it . Keurig suggested that unless I use bottled water -LRB- we actually fill our brewer with filtered water -RRB- I 'm going to keep having the same problem because my water is too soft . Never mind that I descaled and cleaned all of them once a month for the past two years just to keep them in semi-working order.Don ' t waste your money or time here . Buy a simple to use glass handled Chemex instead . They are glass , come in all different sizes and they do n't have any mechanical parts or pumps that will break . As a bonus , the coffee is far superior.The horrible thing that Keurig does is instructs its customers to throw away their broken brewers . No recycling of parts , no refurbishing , just toss them in the trash . How un-environmental is that ? Along with the daily use of K-cups -LRB- we had a reusable K-cup -RRB- that are filling our trash bins from people who are too lazy and do n't care about the planet ! Avoid Keurig .
 When the Keurig machine functions properly , it 's a great machine . I own three of them , but I 'm replacing them with the Breville unit . The problem is that the Keurig machines constantly , and I mean constantly , go out of prime . That means you 'll put in your k-cup , press the button and ... it sits there . Nothing happens . Or you 'll select a cup size and a fraction of that amount will dispense . Workarounds include turning the machine on and off , lifting the handle up and back down , lifting off the water reservoir and putting it back on . As I said , I own three of the machines and all of them manifest the same problem . The workarounds usually eventually work , but at this price one would expect a more stable functioning machine . I have had no such problems with the Breville , not once .
 I really liked this product . I have a well and have to use softened water . I did not want to buy water just to use this product . I went through 2 units before I gave up . My money was promptly refunded . The company techs said it has something to do with the sodium ions introduced by the salt in my water softener . Although the company recommended using bottled water in their advertisements , they did not mention anything about a water softener . Had they mentioned the water softener , I would not have bought the product .
 I received the B70 as a Christmas gift and was thrilled . It took a while to find a coffee strong enough for my taste , but once I tasted Emeril 's Big Easy Bold , I was hooked . Unfortunately , within one month my machine malfunctioned like so many others . It would make a loud noise like it was trying to work and then shut off . I called customer service and they sent a new machine . It worked for less than a week ! I called again and they sent a second replacement . I was told that the problem had been resolved and I should have no more problems . Unfortunately , though , I have had this third brewer for just over a week and it is already shutting down automatically . I am so disappointed . I like it enough that I do n't want to give up on it ... but , really , enough is enough .
 Got it as a gift for the wife . Started out great . We actually cleaned it as to what it showed in the manual from the beginning . But , as time went on we started having issues with it not pouring strongly or shutting off by itself . I did research and tried other tricks people have figured out but ended up calling customer service after it completely stopped working . That is when it got pretty annoying . The person I spoke to had me do some tests which reafirmed my suspicions that it was clogged/screwed up , but then they started asking me about how I have been using it or cleaning it . I basically read them back what the manual states since I actually had been doing that yet the other person on the phone began saying that we were doing everything wrong from the beginning . Odd , I thought since that is what is in the product manual . So , after 10 minutes of the customer service rep telling me how it 's basically my fault , they ended up agreeing to send me a whole unit under warranty , I just had to send them the original k-cup funnel . Got the new unit and got rid of it right away . Will never buy these ` type ' of coffee pots anymore and have convinced several others to skip it . Save yourself headache and troubles and just get a regular drip pot , a french press or something that people have been using for a lot time .
 great brewer when it works . Mine lasted approx . 90 days before `` issues '' . de scale constantly , but it works when it wants to . either it just wo n't push any water , or the de scale warning comes up . . would advise against . . make sure to read reviews from people who have had one of them for a while . initially they are great . .
 So I tried to return this item because it is obviously defective . It leaks and it turns off for no apparent reason . The problem is that I ca n't mail the thing back because it still has water in it . When I package it up in the box and then take it to the post office , by the time I get there the box is wet from the unit leaking . And since there is absolutely no way to empty this thing all the way I am stuck with it . Great.Edit *** I called amazon and after a couple calls and emails back and forth , they may be helping me out . Not sure yet .
 Had the unit now for about 11 months . It has stopped working . I descaled the unit twice and nothing happen . I am in the middle now of working with Keurig customer support . I will report back my results.After hitting the brew button , the pump starts but no water is dispensed . You have to repeat the process until water comes out , then its either too little or too much water .
 We love coffee ... particularly Kona Coffee , which we buy from Hawaii regularly . While in DC , I stayed at a place that had this machine . For a week straight I had the best cup of Green Mountain coffee every morning . I loved the time savings of not having to grind your own beans , and it looks really cool ! So I logged online and bought it the next day , along with the carosel and every coffee , hot chocolate , and tea product you could imagine . The Tea is pretty good , but we have n't had a good cup of coffee yet ! Coffee is weak on largest cup and too strong on lower cup size . Type of coffee does n't seem to make any difference ... they all taste terrible . Even tried our own coffee with the special attachment . No good . My husband wants our old $ 60 coffee maker back !
 I 've just returned my third one of these . There wo n't be a fourth . The fact that I went through three of them in less than 2.5 months speaks either to their production problems or my own stupidity , and probably some of both , but I 'm going to blame their production issues -- I just want to use up the K-cups I bought.If you toddle over to Keurig 's site , you 'll see that I 'm not alone as this unit is regularly lambasted by people with the same problem as me . I can only imagine how they got so many 5-star reviews here , speculating that money changed hands somehow , but maybe I 'm just being cynical . It 's certainly possible that Keurig shipped decent units to Amazon and the rest of us got the garbage.In short , it stops working . Either it wo n't get new water from the resevoir after a brew cycle or it wo n't get any water from the resevoir at all . At this time it 'll either just shut itself off or sit there pretending to be a coffee maker when it 's really just a large paperweight . Yesterday , got up , put my cup in , pressed the brew button , and got about 2 tablespoons of sludge . This after many days of the shutting itself off problem . Sometimes , when I noticed it not getting new water after a brew , if I picked up and re-seated the resevoir it 'd suddenly work . Not any more.So I got to have instant coffee yesterday and smart people around the house stayed the hell out of my way . And I 'm going to send my remaining K-cups to a friend who evidently got the 1 % of units that actually work . I 'll go back to grinding coffee and brewing it the traditional way.For what it 's worth , when it does work , the coffee is mediocre . Newman 's Special Blend and Tully 's French Roast were the best . Green Mountain 's Nantucket Blend is akin to drinking dishwater mixed with bad instant coffee -- and no , `` bad instant coffee '' is n't redundant as I 've had some instant coffee that was better that the Nantucket Blend . I think the people of Nantucket ought to sue over using their name on such swill .
 You have to wait for your coffee to cool down for 20 minutes every time you use this machine because the coffee will come out as EXTREMELY hot . Also , the machine breaks too frequently , requiring maintenance way too often .
 This coffee pot stopped working with a minimum of use . We had only had it a few months , but were gone for over a month of that time and it was getting no use at all . Plus , my husband is the only drinker of coffee , so it was barely broken in . Of course it stopped working a week after it was possible to make a return . Disgusting waste of money ! Do not buy !!
 When I first received the B70 model , I was pleased and purchased a wide variety of flavors . I showed it off to my friends and we had wonderful `` coffee klatches '' over the 4 years that this brewer worked . But then the problems started . Just take a look at the videos and you will see what can go wrong . Once the problems start , they escalate and you start wasting k-cups , doing a variety of cleaning tasks in order to produce a cup and over time , the one-cup feature loses any value because you simply can not produce a cup of coffee . The only solution is to buy a new brewer ... well the performance of the old brewer certainly discouraged me from buying a new one , even at discount !
 I had my original Keurig B-40 for years , not a single problem . Although it eventually quit , I felt I got more than my moneys worth out of it.Decided that since we like the coffee we would go with Keurig again but `` upgrade '' to a more expensive model . I am now on my third `` upgrade '' model B-70 . Each and every one brews for a couple weeks then starts randomly throwing the PRIME message after a single cup.I do n't care what Keurig says or anyone else , there is no other solution than to unplug the pot and let it cool down for 5 or 10 minutes , then plug it back in.So , I give up with upgrading , I am going to give Keurig one more shot by downgrading to the original model I had . After that , I 'm headed to Senseo or something.Buy the way , I had a Tassimo at the office for YEARS and it worked flawlessly also .
 I 've tried many of the different coffee blends available for the Keurig . It certainly is convenient , however nothing that comes out of it can hold a candle to even the cheapest of drip machines . Granted , I know a lot of people out there are n't huge coffee connoisseurs so if all you need in the morning is something to supply your daily caffeine dose , then the Keurig is great for you.For me however , it 's just not worth it . If you 're a true coffee lover like me , then set aside 5 extra minutes in the morning and get a single serve french press and electric kettle . Hell you can even heat the water in the microwave if you do n't want the kettle.Even if this thing made good coffee , it 's still not worth it to me . For one , when all is said and done , you wind up paying a hell of a lot more per pound of coffee when you buy K-Cups than you do buying whole beans or preground . And good lord , the trash it generates ; of course you could alleviate this by getting a reusable refillable k-cup , but then whats the point of even having the machine then if you 're gon na fill your own k-cups ? You may as well just get a single serve french press.So in conclusion , if you can deal with the downsides , drink coffee only for the caffeine and not the flavor , then go for it if you need the convenience . Otherwise , stay far away from this thing . It 's an expensive device that produces expensive mediocre coffee .
 I was so frustrated because I could n't get help for my brewer . After talking to the customer service person today I was able to get it working .
 It 's time for people to report the Keurig smell problem to the Consumer Product Safety Commision -LRB- cpsc.gov -RRB- so they will take action and check it out . 1-800-638-2772 8:00 to 5:30 EST. . I tried rinsing , vinegar and it still stinks . This ca n't be safe to drink . When I called they said no one has reported a problem . Considering the number of complaints online it 's time to report the problem . I will be returning mine and getting a stainless steel percolator from L.L. Bean but I worry about pregnant mothers and every one else . Do your part and call now or they wo n't look into it !
 i bought this for my wife for Christmas 2010 and it only worked for a couple weeks , Keurig replaced it and that one held out for almost a year , but for that kind of money i was really hoping it would last 5 or 10 ...
 I have had my Keurig less then 2 years when the electronics went on it . I called Keurig and was told I had not descaled the machine often enough -LRB- I descaled when the machine indicated it was required -RRB- some how my lack of diligant descaling , every six months , caused the totaly seperate electronic read out to fail . Keurig ofered me a replacement peice of junk for 69 dollars , wow what a bargin , I paid over 150 dollars for the first one and it lasted all of 18 months . Thanks but no thanks , the coffee was over priced and not that good .
 UPDATE 08/28/11
 I ve had two of these machines and I think they suck , but now that I see that so many others have the same recurrent issues , I know now that they really suck.I have filtered water and religiously cleaned my first one and within two or so months it started acting up . I cleaned it regularly and did all it said . I called their ` customer service ' ... an oxymoron for this company , and went through nearly an hour of them trying to tell me how to stick this paperclip up into the machine to clean it out ! The girl was rather snotty too , which makes me believe they have heard from tons of people w / same complaints.After asking to talk to someone who knew what they were talking about , I was told that theyw ere going to send me another unit , but if I wanted their ` better and newer ' unit , I would have to wait a couple months or longer , and so did I want another B70 , which by the way DID n'T have all the options of the one I had originally ... I took it as I had about 40 dollars worth of K-Kups still and needed to use them!Well , its a few months later now ... and its leaking water all over the place out of the resovoir . This darn machine is NOT well made and if I could give it negative stars I would ... I am going to look at a Breville instead now.I recall reading several posts months ago about the same problems from all over the place w / the Keurig , so I know its not an isolated incident . Like one reviewer said
 This is a great product if you can afford to replace it at least every year . We only have one coffee drinker in the house and she babies this device . It only gets filtered water , gets cleaned and descaled on a regular basis , and turned off when not in use . Despite all this , all three devices -LRB- this exact model -RRB- have failed within 12 months of purchase to the point of being completely inoperable .
 Purchased initial unit in February of 2011 - it stopped working about 8 months later . Keurig did replace it , but what a hassle to actually get through to them and then wait and wait on the new machine . The new machine died after 10 months , I 'm not going through trying to get it replaced again , just a waste of time and money .
 We purchased this unit a little over a year ago and , as Murphy 's Law goes , the unit went on the brink shortly after our one-year warranty period . The machine does funny things now with the water intake . Sometimes we find it pumping water back into the reservoir instead of into our coffee cup ! We rarely get a proper sized cup of coffee out of the thing , regardless of the size we select . Quick research on the internet revealed a common problem with these machines and a repair procedure . I 'll have to read it in a little more detail to see if I want to mess with this or move on to a better machine . If you 're thinking of purchasing this machine , check out this repair posting first
 Officially done with these machines . Despite descaling as recommended , I 've had 3 machines fail in the last two years . I love the coffee , but Im over it !
 We love the convenience of the K-Cups that Keurig introduced . Problem is ; our 3rd B 70 Platinum unit over a 24 month period broke down today . This unit suffered a less common problem with the display going dark , and the unit no longer being able to power on . The first 2 units suffered from the more common water pump problem - -LRB- yes we descaled every 3 months for unit 2 and 3 as they lasted for almost a year , the 1st did n't make it 3 weeks -RRB- . Keurig came up with a great idea , and found people will pay a pemium for their morning coffee because of the convenience they offered . Sure the 1st 2 units were replaced under warranty - no questions asked by the big box retailer , but who wants to deal with that ? I did n't even bother today ; bought a traditional coffee maker today for $ 65 , an the $ 139 Keurig is in the trash . Unfortunately I know of only one person who has enjoyed their machine for 3 years with no issues ; the remainder of friends and family bailed on Keurig well before we did . It pains ne to say goodbye , but you should n't have to replace your $ 139 coffe maker every year when you only make 2 -3 cups per day with it . Look at all the other similar reviews fron long time users , rather than the reviews of folks who have their 1st Keurig machine for a month . Goodbye Keurig .
 September 2011 Update
 I have no issues with the quality of the coffee . It 's the reliability of the machine that 's the issue . Everything worked fine for the first six months or so and then we started having trouble with the machine not brewing . We would have to unplug the machine , plug it back in -LRB- sometimes more than once -RRB- and then it would finally work . The other day it finally just stopped working . I will say that even though it was 9:00 pm on a Thursday night , my wife was still able to call and get someone in technical support . He was easily understood -LRB- if you get my drift -RRB- and talked us through how to fix the immediate problem . It took a special tool -LRB- a paper clip -RRB- used to unclog various orifices . After this procedure -LRB- and descaling with vinegar -RRB- the machine worked great again ... for about two uses . Now we 're back to where we started . I tried once again to unclog the machine but there may be blockages beyond the extent of a bent paperclip . There was a thread on one forum which suggested to turn the machine upside down and give it a couple of good whacks . I 'm guessing this probably dislodges and eliminates those clogs which the paperclip does n't remedy . Anyhow , given the choice , I would not buy this machine again .
 I purchased my first B70 at Kohl 's on mega sale on 2/1/10 . Three days later in stopped working . It just kept turning itself off . Called Keurig customer service and they sent out a new unit to me . Now the second one is acting up . It turns itself off automatically . After 3 to 4 tries , it will stay on . It does n't always brew the right size cup of coffee that we programmed the unit to give us . I just called Keurig customer service again yesterday and explained the problem . I even asked rep if there is a manufacturer 's defect in this unit and she told me no . She said she would send out another one to me -LRB- third one -RRB- plus Email me a discount coupon to purchase more K-cups since we had waisted so many of them trying to get the unit to brew a larger size cup of coffee.Today I went online to Amazon to see if anyone else had reported having similar problems and guess what -- others have had the same problems as we have . On the one hand , I am pleased the Keurig is willing to replace the unit an no charge , but am disappointed that they are not truthful about this model having problems . After reading many of these reviews , I have discovered that it is a sporadic problem . Bottom line is we will try out the third B70 when it arrives and see what happens . Keurig does not require the consumer to return the defective unit to them and I am running out of storage space with my collection of their coffee makers.We too like the convenience of this coffee maker and would hate to go back to using my 10 cup coffee maker , but will if I ca n't get this new B70 to work right . In the meantime , I have quite a selection of K-cups and would like very much to be able to use them and enjoy a good cup of coffee.I have a friend who has the Special Edition Keurig and swares by it . My friend even let me use his to try it out because he has two of them and not because one was defective , but received a second one as a gift . If this third B70 does n't work right then I might try getting the Special Edition unit to see if it works any better and consistently like my friend 's unit does . He is very satisfied with his.Overall the concept is great and I think if the B70 unit works it will be a great machine , but not sure that I would recommend this unit to anyone .
 Received one of these as a gift a few years ago when my brother saw we had two drip makers at the coffee station in our kitchen . I like it REALLY strong ; she likes it normal . He had the machine and loved it . It was a great solution but I found no K cup strong enough so I got the ` My K Cup ' accessory . Those were initially made with an inferior plastic that disintegrated in a few months . Keurig changed to a different plastic and it is lasting -LRB- I went through four of the old kind -RRB- . Which gives me hope that they will address the other problems with this machine.My original machine died at the beginning of this year . 3 years seems a short life span for a $ 200 machine , but we used it a lot . The heated water started spitting back into the reservoir tank and not through to the cup . Went out and bought a new one . Worked well for a week and then the problems started ... shuts off all the time , heating reservoir wo n't fill . A basic pain in the bum.I have found on the internet that there is a design flaw with the seating of the reservoir tank that causes the water not to pump and the machine to shut itself off when this failure occurs . You can work around this by removing and replacing the tank when you detect it is not pumping.I have not tried to contact the company as it will only tick me off to be given a similar line of crap from them as I see so many here have already gotten . There is no point in getting a replacement machine that has the same problem . I hope they fix it and let the world know before they go down as a bad idea . It is not a bad machine ; simply flawed .
 Her sister has one and she asked Santa for one . Santa obliged , and she loves it . It is set to come on automatically at 0600 , which it does . Originally we had it programmed to shut off at 0730 , but the one hour auto shutoff did n't like that . It is now programmed to shut off at 0700 . No big deal . Only issue is that she likes two cups of coffee in the morning and it frequently shuts down after the first cup . I have yet to use it as I am a tea totaller , and still boil my water in a kettle . The kids like making hot chocolate . We rarely use K-cups , opting instead to use the reusable filters . Hopefully it will last as long as the under-cabinet Mr. Coffee brewer that she used for about ten years , and still uses when we have guests.UPDATE 12/2012So , after almost three years of sometimes infuriating use , the unit no longer works . After several calls to tech support they offered us a new one for the discounted price of $ 117.00 . I have instead opted for a Mr. Coffee device that has a 4 cup reservoir -LRB- $ 79.00 at Wal-Mart -RRB- . Our daughter has a similar unit -LRB- Mr. Coffee -RRB- and it has never missed a beat . The Keurig started giving problems after the warranty expired . Hardly what we expected from a `` Platinum '' model . From notifying that it needed to be descaled at shorter and shorter intervals to overflowing cups , lukewarm coffee and finally just not brewing even half a cup , we have become very disappointed in the brand . We have spoken to others with similar stories , so it is not unique to us .
 It was a christmas present , makes good coffee . This week stopped working . All the lights light up , the ready to brew appears , I push the button , nothings happens . I have advised customer service at Keurig and will report what happens .
 Problems right out of the box -- same issues everyone else has . Someone must have stuffed the review box because all of the reviews I saw were bad . We are returning it . Next time I will check reviews BEFORE we buy . -LRB- I ca n't believe we did n't do that -RRB-
 ... because I love my Keurig . It 's a fantastic idea , and when it works it works extremely well.When it works.I am on my third replacement machine from Keurig -LRB- that 's four machines -RRB- . They work well for a while , six months to a year . Then they stop . Press the button and the machine gurgles and dribbles.We 've done everything that Keurtg recommended . De-scaled the machine regularly . Cleaned those annoyingly placed water channels . Stood on our heads and chanted mystical words while the coffee was brewing . They help . But eventually , the machine stops working.This morning it stopped again . Nothing but gurgle and dribble . There is some bad engineering in that system somewhere . I do n't know how Keurig stays in business with the number of machines they have to replaee.You know the old saying
 My husband I loved this machine when we first got it . We purchased all types of tea , coffee , iced tea , and hot cocoa to use , and were so pleased at the enormous amount of selection in k-cups . Our previous one-cup brewer had such a limited variety of coffee and tea , so the variety of items offered in k-cups is fantastic.If you 've read the other one star reviews , you already know what I 'm going to tell you . After about a month of use , the machine no longer works . It gets ready to brew and then turns off . Same problem as everyone else . My husband has called customer service twice . This morning he told the customer service rep he would hold until a Technician is available since no on called him back after his first call . Yes , they truly tell you they will call you back . I have never encountered this type of ` service ' from a customer service group . I understand having business hours , or having long wait times so the offer of a return call if you prefer not to wait ; but a return call as a standard course of action ? Really why bother , just call yourself the ` Report your machine not working hotline . ` What bothers me the most is that it appears this problem has been one that has existed for a while , yet Keurig has done nothing about it . Certainly points to the fact that they must be making all of their money on the k-cups , not the units themselves.So my husband is off to Costco to return the machine and get a new one . After reading all these reviews -LRB- which I wish I had read BEFORE buying the machine -RRB- my only hope is that the unit will last until we 've used up all the k-cups we have.Save yourself a lot of trouble , do not buy the B70 or B77 model . If Keurig makes a new machine without the inherent problem in these models , I will definitely be on board to give it another try . Until then , I can not give this machine more than 1 star .
 I am now on my 2nd B70 at home and I have a 3rd at my office . For those who have posted that the coffee tastes watery and bland your unit is defective . The 1st one I brought home made watery coffee that tasted like bad airline coffee . We called Keurig and they said return it for an exchange . I did and the new one one made -LRB- notice past tense -RRB- great coffee and now after a month it is making watery coffee . Why I do n't know seems like a pretty basic operation . The one at my office works fine.Obviously there is a defect that causes the unit to make watery coffee . So if your unit is n't making delicious coffee and tea the unit is bad . Does n't say much for the build quality on this model .
 In June 2009 I got this platinum brewer an a present at my Bridal Shower ! We were so excited !! Between my husband and I we usually drink about 4 cups of coffee a day ... and we are the only people in our household so we really do n't over use it.In any case , by February -LRB- 8 months later -RRB- it stopped working correctly . The machine would suck in water , heat it up , and then never push the water out through the grinds to make the coffee ! We had descaled it twice so we know it wasnt that and we cleaned it with the paperclip trick but there was nothing doing . Called Keurig , they sent us a replacement.Our second machine lasted until November -LRB- 9 mos this time -RRB- . Keurig again offered to send us a knew one since we had also taken good care of the second machine . This time the customer service agent asked if we used hot cocoa or iced tea kcups and said they could clog the machine . We had n't but made note never to in the future either.While fussing around with the machine my husband realized that if you blow into the little nozzle in the water reservoir that the extra water is meant to come out of and hold your finger over the whole at the bottom of the reservoir you can force the coffee through the machine and into your cup . This seems like a big indicator that there is some kind of faulty mechanical piece in the machine ... in all 3 machines we have had sinces they 've all died the same way.Our third Platinum brewer is now dead -- another 8 months later . We have opted NOT to call Keurig and get our platinum replaced . We decided that since we have not paid for any of these three brewers as the original was a gift it would be better for us to just pay out of pocket try a different model and let that be the end of it . If the Special Edition brewer dies within a year we are going to write Keurig off completely but for now we are hoping that it is just a mechanical issue in the Platinum.Why else would Keurig be so quick to send out replacements ???
 Here 's the good news . The coffee is good and Keurig has great customer service . I know the customer service is good because my third one is on it 's way from Keurig.The bad news was included in the good news . The pump went out on my first one after about 3 months . The second one would randomly decide to shut off -LRB- sometimes just a couple minutes after I turned it on -RRB- but I decided to keep it because it was just a minor annoyance . Now after about 10 months , it will periodically make a cold cup of coffee and the frequency is increasing . I only make one cup per day on weekdays and two a day on weekends , so high use is n't the issue.Conclusion - you can keep getting new ones as long as the old ones break within the warranty period . You get a new one year warranty with each machine they send you . If it does n't break until month 13 however , you just spent a lot of money for a very short lived machine . I 've got my fingers crossed that the next one either breaks within a year or it 's one of the rare ones that will actually last a couple of years ! Keurig must be doing something right though because their stock -LRB- Green Mountain Coffee -RRB- keeps going up !
 This is my second Keurig , with the first being a the single serve model . Based on my positive experience with the single serve model , I decided to buy the high-end B-70 . My Keurig B-70 only worked for three months before it would either not brew , or overflow . I had performed the maintenance ahead of schedule to prevent future problems , but that did n't help.It took a few calls to customer service to convince them that the unit was bad , but once they believed me , they replaced it quickly . The new one -LRB- less than two months old -RRB- has worked well , and I did notice a few changes between the old unit and the new unit . I 'm hoping those changes fixed the problems.Funny thing is that there were no return instructions for the old unit . Seems like they do n't want the defective one back.I 'm disappointed that the high priced version did n't last , and I 'm also glad that I kept my single serve model that has worked for years .
 For the first 6 weeks , great coffee . Then came day 43 . The machine failed . We usually have from 2-4 cups of coffee between the two of us per day . Do that math . Not that many cups brewed before failure , and now we have an elaborate paper weight . We 're just beyond the amazon return limit . We 'll probably eat the 20 % return penalty plus shipping , rather than hassle w/manufacturer . Bottom line - great concept , terrible machine .
 I 'm on my 4th Keurig brewer . All of them stopped working within 6-12 months of purchase . In all cases you hit the button and it does n't brew . Tried all the tricks on the Internet to get it to work . Bought and used descaler like they say to do with the maker , but all to no avail.The good thing is that when it works , this brewer makes great coffee . I like the concept of it and they have lots of different coffees to choose from that fit it.The other thing that we 've had success with is the replacement policy . Although we did n't ask Keurig for a replacement on the first one we had -LRB- we wanted a bigger model anyway -RRB- , they have given us two replacements on the second one we bought . On this second unit we had it about 9 months before it stopped brewing . They shipped us a new one and that one lasted 6 months . They just shipped us another -LRB- now outside the 1 yr timeframe of the original one we bought -RRB- . So , they seem to stand behind the product , but I wish they would just make one that would last . It is quite an expensive gadget to be breaking down this much.Maybe I have no idea what goes into one of these things but I ca n't imagine that it is very complicated . I mean , you heat the water and squirt it through a little tub of coffee . Seems like this should be perfected by now .
 I love my Keurig -LRB- s -RRB- . B70 platinum ... BUT ... I 've had 3 in the last year . They just do n't hold up ! Take a look at the following link before you spend hard earned money ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I finally replaced this model ... Not quite two years old . I bought the B145 OfficePRO which broke in 3 weeks . If the replacement breaks , I 'll move to another brand.After a good 6 months the coffee maker now frequently does n't brew on the first try . Sometimes I need to reset it up to 5 times before i can get a cup out . I 've tried cleaning it as specified countless times , and that works for about a day or so . Talking to owners of other models , they have not reported the same issue.While I love the convenience and the quality of the coffee , I can no longer recommend this model .
 I love the Keurig , but I need a coffee maker that will last a little longer than 6 months.I woke up this morning unable to make a cup of coffee , thanks Keurig . I wish I had n't given my old coffee maker away .
 This is my 4th Keurig B70 . Sounds as though I love them . Wrong . 3 stopped working within the warranty period and they were replaced by Keurig . No. 4 died this morning . It is out of warranty . The same thing happened to our daughter and son-in-law . They have had one replaced and the second one died 11/2 mos . after warranty . Keurig offered them a new brewer at 50 % off retail . They opted to go with another brand . I am going back to a regular brewer . Good Bye Keurig . It is great while it works . Just hold your breath .
 I had mine for 18 months and it stopped brewing coffee . I used only bottled water and it stop putting out water . It stated to descale which I performed twice . Descaling did not fix it.Keurig said it was not repairable and they offered me a discount to buy another one . They want me to spend $ 80 on another coffeee pot that may not last . I felt pretty insulted by there lack of customer concern .
 I am a passionate , honest , sincere and diligent consumer and maven . I do my due diligence when making my purchases and buy the best keeping in mind the product as well as how the manufacturer stands behind their products . PLEASE do NOT purchase this product based on NUMEROUS product reviews INCLUDING mine . I experienced what so many others did thinking that there were always a few bad machines but as a whole the unit was probably wonderful . The machine works great for a few months , THEN that is when you the consumer begin the awful experience of `` trouble shooting '' from their website , You Tube , etc. . When you open the box , the statement from the manufacturer should be THE sign to return the unit immediately ! It tells you to KEEP the box and shipping material should you have to return AND do not return to place of purchase but contact Keurig direct . I did this . Then when I finally had enough of `` trouble shooting '' I was told I could get the most recent model for $ 80.00 more OR take it back to where I purchased it . I am a realist and do not expect perfection ; however , I do expect a product to work without problems for at least a year with no problems , not 3 months . The customer service reps are good but their hands are tied . The corporate office is responsible for POOR options available to offer their customers . DO NOT BUY the potentially great product for your own sanity and pocket book . Shame on you Keurig corporate !
 I bought the keurig about 2 years ago and without fail the company has had to send me a new one every 6 months . The brewer works great for about 1 to 2 months and then goes down hill from there . Read all the reviews , look at the time frame the people have owned them ! The good reviews are from the people who have owned them for 2 months or less ! They have sent me 4 ... thats right 4 !!!! replacement brewers and all do the same thing ! Customer service has to go through the same process every time , I think I know them by name now . They defend this piece of junk and the bad ratings by saying they sell so many of them that they have to expect some problems ... really ... YOU ARE CHARGING $ 160 BUCKS !!!!! This brewer is a piece of crap ... look at the Hamilton Beach instead ... SignedKeurig Sucks !
 This is a great machine - but only when it 's working properly . I 've had to return two units to the store I bought them from -LRB- luckily they -LRB- starts with `` C '' and ends with `` ostco '' -RRB- have a GREAT return policy -RRB- . The two units eventually stopped working right and could n't pump out the water or the right amount of water ... and yes , I did try descaling them . The last one that I just returned today was descaled TWICE to try to get it back into working order , and each time I went much further than the descaling instructions called for ... not only that , I always used filtered water to begin with.Even the new one I replaced it with seems like it is not working perfectly as it still seems to struggle to get the water out or get the right amount of water out . We 'll see ... I 'll give it 6-9 months of life before I probably have to return it too.So I only feel comfortable giving this unit 2 stars because of the reliability problems I 've had with them.It 's interesting to note too , that although it 's the same model -LRB- `` B70 '' -RRB- , they 've made some `` improvements '' in the versions I 've had ... like supporting an additional cup size -LRB- added when I returned my 1st unit -RRB- and now a bigger water reservoir but they still call it the `` B70 '' . I 'm not sure if I like the bigger reservoir as it seems a bit large , taking up more space , but I do like its new lid design where the front of the lid flips open so you can easily add water and then flip it back closed . Now if only they could improve the reliability .
 I had my Tassimo for about 4 years - never once had a problem . In fact I still have it ... thank god because this is the third time IN ONE YEAR that I have had to pull it out to replace my keurig . this thing is ridulous - I do n't use it any more than I did my Tassimo . If Tassimo just added more options my Keurig would be in the garbage !
 The product worked well for the first 6 months . Then the pump started to act up and either not start pumping to enter the brewing process or just shut the machine down . I purchased this from a third party and not thruough Amazon , which was a big mistake . They said that they -LRB- E & B Electronics -RRB- have a 30-day warranty and thats it . I called Kuerig and they basically told me it was the water I was using . The only water that this machine has seen is RO water . Is there any better , not in a standard residential kitchen . At a price point of 200 bucks you would think someone would back their product up . DO NOT PURCHASE A KUERIG SINGLE CUP BREWING SYSTEM WHATEVER MODEL . Great idea but cheap design and parts cause it to be the worst coffee maker I have ever owned .
 My first B70 lasted 3 months and stopped pumping water . Keurig replacedd it with a new unit . That one lasted about a month and started shutting off in the middle of brewing . After 90 minutes with customer service and getting the third degree , keurig said we 'll send you a new one , but if we do n't receive the K-cup holder from that unit by mail within thirty days you will be charged for the repacement unit . A few days later I received a email saying they were out of inventory and it would take 2 weeks to arrive . The third unit finally arrived and guess what , after 2 days and 4 cups of coffee the pump stopped working . After reading all the bad reviews on amazon it appears Keurig has not attempted to fix the problem and just keeps sending out defective units and hoping for the best . I 'll be calling today to try and get my money back .
 This B70 ` Platinum ' brewer was a wedding gift - - - excuse me , the FIRST one of these we got was a wedding gift . I am now on my 4th B70 , and the new replacement -LRB- having arrived two weeks ago -RRB- is now not working properly . Do n't get me wrong , I think this is an ingenious idea , and when it works is absolutely fabulous . I love the different K-cups that are available , and have purchased many different blends . Problem is , these things break down so quickly that there is no way I could ever recommend purchasing one . I am so frustrated with this thing that I am seriously considering not even calling Keurig to get myself a 5th one because I feel already that it will break down in a short amount of time as well.I will say that their customer service department is VERY good . Either that or they are so used to fielding so many trouble calls that they are old hand at it ! No matter what the reasoning behind their professionalism , they are very good and put the customer as priority one . On my first breakdown they asked me to package it up and send it back with a label that they paid for . My 2nd and third brewer they said to just hold onto them for parts . Well , since I am no ` Mr. Fix It ' that was n't going to be the case , but it was nice that they let me hold onto it and not go through the hassle of re-packaging and sending it back . So , now they sit in my basement.I guess I will call to get a new one since they are so accommodating , but I just wish the thing would stay working . I just do n't get how so many of these can be defective . Oh , and by the way , each problem has been different and the Keurig customer service people have acknowledged that they knew of each separate problem occurring with the machines . Maybe the more expensive models are better , I do n't know . I would suggest that if you really want to try one of these , go to your local warehouse club -LRB- BJ 's , Costco , Sam 's -RRB- and get the cheap one that is offered under $ 100 so you can at least save a buck or two should your machine become the same trouble my ones have become . Under no circumstances do I suggest the Tassimo as a solution . My Sister has one and has had just as many problems , with less flavor selection , noisier machine -LRB- when working -RRB- and not very sturdy construction .
 I received my first B70 as a Christmas gift in 2008 . I loved it until October , 2009 when it just stopped working . I was told by customer service that I had n't descaled it properly . As it was still under warranty they sent me a replacement . It took about 10 days to get it in November . In December , the replacement suddenly became extremely loud . Once again they replaced it . By the end of December it started to turn off at will eventhough it was n't programmed that way or when it does work it only brews a couple of ounces of coffee . They are sending me another replacement -LRB- this will be my fourth brewer -RRB- and asking that I return the complete unit to them this time so that Engineering can determine what the cause is . In the past they only wanted the k-cup holder returned.One issue that bothers me is that I liked this machine so much I recommended it to others , including two of my daughters . One daughter has had the cheaper model since early December and hers is fine . The other daughter has the B70 since Christmas and she told me yesterday that she is having the same problem with it turning off and not making a full cup of coffee . I 'm not sure just yet where I will go from here if I have any more concerns but I will just refer to that old adage of Buyer Beware . Perhaps it 's time to band together and let Keuring know this is not acceptable.Update
 Like others on this site , I bought a Keurig B40 over two years ago . It only had one 7oz button choice . That Keurig is still working great and makes a great cup of coffee/tea . We bought the Keurig Elite last year , and we really do n't like it . The coffee taste is just `` off '' , and it often spurts and sputters , works slowly and then makes an insipid cup of coffee that is the wrong size . After buying 3 of them , throwing out one and returning the other 2 , I think this 2nd B40 model has problems . Apparently the company is not making just the simple Keurig B40 with one 7 oz coffee button , so now we are going to try a mini in hopes that the simpler machine will perform like our first one . Good luck everyone . When you get one that works , you will love it .
 I have had a second Keurig Brewing system fail in two years.The product does not last using it everyday and both times the system failed on a holiday weekend.I would not recommend a Keurig system.We liked the idea and received our first one for Mother 's Day two years ago . Now we are on our second system and it just failed.We ` descaled the system ' but all it does is make noise , spit some water out not a complete cup and then continues to make noise .
 I first bought the machine in 2009 . After 3 weeks it made only 2 oz cups no matter the setting . Replacement did the same thing after 3 months . The 3rd machine kept turning itself off mid brew after about 6 months . 4th machine will not suck any water after 14 months . It just says brewing ... brewing ... brewing . The one positive is they keep sending me replacement machines with little argument . Just PLEASE improve the manufacturing !
 I had this brewer for the past year and a half . I 've had mixed results with it over that time . A few times brewing resulted in less than full cups . This seems to be an issue with these brewers . This would be corrected by turning the machine up side down over the sink and smacking the bottom a few times . If you brew and the overflow spout at the top of the tank spews water , this usually corrects the issue . Lately , over the past week , I have found a puddle of water under the machine after brewing . It 's not the tank leaking , and it is coming out of the bottom rear of the machine . I opened the bottom , there has clearly been a leak in this machine for a while , just not enough to run out of the bottom until recently . The water seems to come from the pressurized pump area . Like everyone else here , I called Keurig CS about it . They were very nice , and took down all of my information . Then said that they could not repair the brewer , and that they were willing to give me a $ 100 credit toward another B70 . While I can appreciate that they offered me some credit toward a replacement machine , when mine was out of warranty , I am not satisfied with that resolution . Judging from all of the other long term usage of this and the other similar made brewers , there is a serious issue with longevity of these brewers and design . I told the CS rep thanks for the offer , but no thanks . I 'm going to try a different brewer manufacturer . It 's nice of them to offer something , but to spend $ 180 on a brewer that did n't last is just not something that I want to continue investing in .
 I think we can all agree there 's nothing more frustrating than waking up to fix a cup of coffee and finding your coffee maker is n't functioning . Well , be prepared for many mornings like that if you own a Keurig brewer.My wife and I have owned two B70s and , as of today , will have thrown two of them away after less than two years of use each . This last one we experienced 22 months of use before throwing in the towel.On this second unit , we have followed the many troubleshooting steps -LRB- descaling , powering on and off , etc. -RRB- and they buy you a little bit of time . But in the end , this coffee maker has a 1-2 year lifespan . We looked at the Cuisinart brand that also brews K cups and it seems to have the same issues of clogging up , not powering on , etc. . Keurig offers very little assistance through email or phone and after multiple calls to troubleshoot , the `` discount '' they finally offer you on a new brewer is actually a higher price than you 'd pay at Amazon or Costco.We purchased a CBTL single cup brewer today and while the capsule selection is n't there yet , I 'd rather give my money to anyone but Keurig . Hopefully it will prove to be more reliable .
 I bought this machine and used it for 18 months . Despite regular cleaning and descaling , the machine is broken and completely non-usable at this point . It wo n't brew anymore and keep asking to be descale even after multiple times of descale as recommended by the manufacturer . I will not recommend anyone to buy this machine . Keurig needs to work on this system a lot more to make it worth buying .
 I 've had mine since 12-2010 . It quit last week after a process of about a month of gradually cutting back on what it would brew and then just dumping the water back into the resevoir instead of through the K-cup . Very disapointed . I used it 3-4 times a week and that much use in a year should n't cause it to quit working . I 've contacted the company but not sure they will do anything about it . I wo n't buy another until the reviews do n't show this high rate of failure .
 What a piece of junk ! We have one of these at the office . In the past year , we 've replaced it twice and have just gotten our third . Each one was covered under warranty , so we 're only paid for one , but the failure rate is ridiculous .
 My wife has been wanting one of these for a while now so we purchased one for Christmas . We had the impression coffee from the Keurig would be similar to coffee you can get at Einstein Bros or Panera.We are returning our Keurig B70 because depending on the size of the cup the coffee is either too strong or too weak for our tastes . Even using the My K-Cup and filling it to the top with our own coffee still resulted in weak coffee . We drink from mugs and were using the larger size cup size settings . We tried using a smaller size setting and ran two cycles per cup . We had some sampler K Cups of different varieties and could n't get the right strength . We used a smaller size cup then sometimes it was too strong . We tried two K Cups per mug and it was better but we figured it would get too expensive for daily use.It seemed too much hassle to get a good cup of coffee from this $ 180 coffee machine . We get better results from our current 2 -4 cup coffee maker we purchased at a fraction of the cost of the Keurig . After reading some of the reviews I 'm not confident this system will last even a year before something in it fails.After using some of the supplied K Cup samplers we do n't like the K-Cups plastic construction and the type of plastic ca n't be recycled . Too bad they ca n't make them biodegradable for the people who like this coffee system .
 This brewer is total junk , and the manufacturer does not care . This machine is less than 2 weeks old and has quit working . Only draws water when it feels like it . -LRB- not very often -RRB- Constantly shuts itself off , and when it feels like brewing a cup it takes 10 minutes . I called customer service , and they jerked me around for several calls . They are finally sending out a replacement unit , but it has been over a week and still no unit . -LRB- they were much quicker to take my $ 170 when I bought it -RRB- To be honest , i really do n't want the replacement.i think the product and the company are worthless . Do your research and see how many people are having the same problems .
 My wife and I used to be crazy about this machine . We got my parents one for Christmas . The convenience is great , the coffee is great -LRB- especially if you get the reusable filters to cut down the cost of individual pods -RRB- ... We loved it until our realtor could n't meet us one morning ... Apparently her Keurig was on as she was doing morning chores . Turns out the thing exploded and literally burned her entire home to the ground -LRB- because it was in a park area with no hydrants -RRB- . The fire department told her `` you have a solid case against the manufacturer '' . This was enough for us to stop using ours . Granted , millions of people own them with no problems , but it hit a little to close to home.Here 's a link to a news story about it
 Keurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup Home Brewing Systemis just a disappointment . It has some nice features but it just does n't make a strong enough cup of coffee if you choose to make the largest cup . It makes a decent tiny cup.Using the same size K cup to make a small to xlarge cup just does n't work . The brewing time is the same , so if it drips more water through the same amount of grounds , how can you get the same strength for the large cup of coffee ? I bought the Senseo Supreme and it 's great . You can insert 2 pods to make the large cup .
 Simply wanted to let you know the TASSIMO TAS65 blows the Keurig machines away ! Do n't believe me , go to the Amazon Tassimo Tas 65 machine reviews . I own one and it is the best , plus it can do what the Keurig ca n't . Coffee , Tea , Lattee , Expresso , hot chocolate and more !!
 I bought a B70 , after it was recommended to me by friends . My husband also has a similar one at work -LRB- the commercial B100 ? -RRB- . I read the reviews and thought I would give it a try . I was very disappointed in the coffee . It tasted very weak , even on its smallest brew size . Only the `` extra bold '' varieties were acceptable . The hot cocoa was a joke ! The water does not have enough time with the beans to extract good coffee flavor . I feel that it is not worth trying every K cup out there to brew 6 oz of OK coffee . Cuz its really all about the coffee . If you do n't love it , you 'll be back to buying it at your favorite coffee place . Yes , perhaps I had a dud . But my gut is telling me that I will feel the same way if I got another unit . I really wanted to LOVE it . It makes a lot of sense for our family . I wish that it would have worked . I feel it 's too much money for what it actually delivers .
 just got my Keurig premium -LRB- 9/27/08 -RRB- and looked forward to firt cup - set up as per instruction -- > did not prime , but after a while went into `` not ready '' blinking message - wo n't reset , wont power off , no buttons responding , tried manually by unplugging and replugging multiple times to no avail . the web site with no advise , very disappointed !
 Had the B70 for 2/12 years . Come to think about it , the coffee it made was ok ... not great . Always used water from the refrigerator which is filtered . It now says `` Not Ready '' and wo n't brew another cup.I called Keurig and described the problem . The gentleman told me that the unit was out of warranty , but that they would be happy to replace it with a new one . Of course , I was asked to pay for it . After reading the reviews and problems online , I 'm not going to but another one of these units . I hope more people realize the poor quality of these units and avoid buying one .
 First one I got quit working in 4 weeks . Returned it to Target and started over . 2nd unit quit working after 2-3 years . Personally I am tired of high price processing for coffee . Graduated to pour over coffee system -- really inexpensive and better brewing.HIC Porcelain No. 4 Coffee Filter ConeAs for the individual tea preparations -- changing from a tea bag to a plastic cup and charging how much more ? Marketing genius . Or should we just let the maker pour out hot water and put the tea bag in .
 We were very pleased with the B-70 for about l1/2 years . But now it is failing . We did all the suggested fixes but it is still giving us problems . Called Keurig and they said we will sell you another one for $ 117.00 . Do n't know if I want to buy another one if it is going to go bad like the last one .
 ... so I am doing relatively well . Oh , this is my 2nd Keurig too . First one died after about a year too . Ca n't say `` you get what you pay for '' because these are not cheap and should work longer than one year IMO . When I came home today , it was OFF and no way can I get it to turn back on again . I have been having some problems with small amounts of coffee brewing so I knew the end was near . Why ca n't someone make a single = serve coffee pot that lasts like those old Mr. Coffee pots used to last .
 I love this coffee maker and I love how it works . Making one cup at a time is perfect for me . I think overall the unit is good from a design stand point with a few minor gripes :1 - Power switch should be on side or somewhere more accessible .2 - Reservoir could be easier to remove - seems like I should n't need to tilt or should be easier to grab when removing and replacingHOWEVER , and this is a big one , it just does n't seem like these things work for long . I 've had two units and both have had issues pumping water . I 'll need to get another.With that said , their service seems decent on the phone . They have long hours and are convenient to reach . Plus , they shipped a unit to me without having to ship old one back.We 'll have to see how the third unit I get works and if it lasts .
 We have two identical Keurig Platinum B70 brewers , one is about two years old and the other one is one year old . Both of them have been problematic from the beginning . We have always used filtered water for brewing , yet the descale indicator shows all the time . I have descaled every 2-3 months with full-strength white vinegar but the descale indicator persists . At least once a week the brewers either deliver a smaller cup of coffee than you want , or it pumps the water and nothing comes out into your cup.The older model became completely clogged , would not deliver any water at all , although it did seem to be pumping water which all dripped back into the water chamber from the little white tube at the top . I let straight white vinegar sit in it for four days -LRB- had to manually cover the little white tube to force the vinegar into the interior water tubes -RRB- and now water will come out into the coffee mug , but the volume of water is less than the variable cup size indicator I chose before brewing.These Keurig brewers are so seductive ! What coffee addict does n't wake up jonesing for the first life-giving cup ?? And Keurig makes it so easy ! Not to mention the riduculous amount of money you shell out over time for the brewer and the K-cups ! But I 'm learning to control myself and just wait patiently for my old fashioned metal percolator to do it 's magic . The perked coffee is much more consistent and delicious anyway . Hey ! I even got it from Amazon ! Try it out if you can take the suspense of waiting for that first cup . Farberware 50124 Classic Yosemite Stainless Steel PercolatorSo ... I 'd love to ditch these Keurig brewers but I wo n't burden my local landfill . I guess I 'll leave that to the next generation to deal with ... ??? In the meantime , into storage they go !!!
 My beautiful B70 has been slowly dying for the last few weeks and the assistance I have received from Keurig.com gives me the impression that they have gotten a BIG head and truly believe that we customers need them more than they need us !! I feel for the Green Mountain Coffee company since their entire business is K-cups and people are getting fed up with the poor quality of the Keurig brewers -LRB- check out Keurig.com and you wo n't believe all of the angry , unsatisfied customers !! -RRB- . After all of the troubleshooting exercises my family has gone through with our B70 , we finally have had enough and took it to the dump and saluted it as we tossed it into the trash compactor ... it sure was great while it lasted ... but after 4 brewers totally hundreds of hard-earned dollars , we are done.We went to Sam 's and purchased the new Cuisinart brewer that works with K-cups ... I will let you know how that works out . If it 's a dud then I guess we 'll get the Bunn out of the basement and go back to regular coffee ... what a shame as the concept of brewing fresh coffee by the cup was simply awesome and will be sorely missed by this family .
 We saw our `` first '' Keurig Platinum machine at a Christmas party a few years ago and it seemed so neat and cool ! Well we `` had to have one '' and ordered our very own the next day . When it arrives it seems like a solid and wonderful machine and for $ 170.00 ish , It really should be . Popped that very first K cup in there , brewed away and , `` Hmmmm , there must be a learning curve to this '' was my first thought . Ok , so that cup was really weak . I spent weeks adjusting my cup size to making every attempt to get the cup of coffee I truly wanted and expected . Finally we purchased the reusable little gray filters that you can put your own ground coffee into . This was another two week learning curve . I still had n't gotten a decent cup of coffee . I looked online to see what others were doing to get a decently strong cup of coffee and learned that I had to cut the perimeter of a regular cup and stuff it inside the reusable filter body and FINALLY now I was getting a `` tolerable '' cup of coffee . THen it occurred to me that all this trouble to buy my own beans , grind them up , stuff the reusable filter and then finally get a decent cup of coffee , defeated the entire purpose of the product . I like the way it looked , lean and stylish sitting over on the counter , no clunky pot with coffee residue that seems to never wash away , lining the 8 cups water level of a traditional machine . The polished chrome , gleaming in the morning sun and me , deep inside resenting that I had ever actually paid $ 170 for a machine that was so intent on never allowing me a decent cup of strong enough coffee . See , with K-cups , you are stuck with a premeasured amount of coffee and you are either going to run a small , medium or large amount of water through that little cup . That means you 're going to get a weak , weaker or totally weak cup of coffee . They do n't put a lot of coffee into those little buggers ! By now , 6 months later , I have resorted to brewing two K cups on the smallest cup setting , into a decently large coffee cup and I 'm presently content with this effort . Keep in mind , these little K-cups are FRIGGING EXPENSIVE ! $ ! $ Cha-Ching . THEN , it starts giving us fits . It does n't say to clean it on the screen the way it says in the instructions but I make the assumption that it probably needs cleaning . I read the instructions , use the vinegar to dissolve the calcium and other goodies deposited inside the inner plumbings and wa-la , it seems to be working better ... . We 're good for about another month and then the `` fits '' start up again . . I clean it all out again , this time even following the written instruction , word for word even though I determine my initial efforts far exceeded the manufacturers recommendations . Now it stops working all together ! It will pull water int the heating chamber , biol it adn then it spits it back into the tank , no coffee to be had . . :-LRB- I am an engineer , I own my own product development business and had designed and built machinery for over 30 years . There is nothing I have ever seen around the house that I ca n't ever take apart , fix and put back together ! NOT A KEURIG ! If yo use the philosophy that Kerrig subcontracts the manufacturing to some no name company in China with uneducated people sitting on an assembly line , hooking up hoses and snapping plastic parts together all day , then how hard can it be for me to do . I actually took this to work and challenged fellow engineers to figure out how to get it apart ! Finally we just tore it apart because by now I 'm a year and a half into this nightmare-never a cup I loved - machine from hell . I finally came to the conclusion that there is probably a stuck check valve somewhere inside the machine that was a .05 cent made in China part that doomed my tenure with the Keurig Platinum coffee brewer and that I also bet that Keurig is well aware , based on the number of machines I have read about on the internet that ALSO do not work , of this issue and that they can not and will not stand behind their Chinese built , over priced , under performing piece of machinery . So , yesterday I bought a beautiful new traditional Cuisinart coffee brewer -LRB- unfortunately also China made , `` GRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! '' -RRB- and as I write this I 'm am relishing in the beauty and wonder of the first real , decent tasting , easily made to my desired taste , cup of coffee in a year and a half . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Oh , and what to do wit the 100 + K cups I have left over . DO I hear offers from the highest bidder . I 'll take calls or letters from engineers at Keurig who I am sure read these reviews , any time . bzh3m0@yahoo.com write me up and we can discuss the quality of your brewer , oops , I mean the lack there of . Ciao , I 'm off to sip my first cup of perfect coffee in since I ca n't remember when .
 The B-70 appears to have a design defect on the LCD screen - it refers to modes that do not exist , such as `` Brewing . '' They should release an updated model with an LCD screen that more accurately describes the three modes it is capable of
 When it works these are good , the options for cup size and using a travel mug are very nice . BUT , the design/quality is very bad . Mine lasted about a year and a half working with only minor flaws -LRB- mostly the `` brain '' would lock , but it would be cleared by turning off , unplugging , plug back in , and turn on . But it was constantly saying it needed to be de-scaled -- it did n't , cleaning multiple times still would n't clear that error message . After about a year and a half , it now dispenses a random amount of coffee -- anywhere between one and six ounces -- no matter what size cup it is set on . For this price and for what it is doing it should last far lnoger . And my parents ' are now on their third one this year -- fortunately CostCo keeps replacing them . It is simply a design flaw , going to try another design as soon as I get around to buying one -- perhaps one less automated . As for the Kuerig coffee , its great . Love that part , especially since Green Mountain will deliver right to your door on a monthly basis . But someone needs to design an acceptable brewer !
 I 've had the machine just under 90 days . About once a week , it fails to brew and there 's nothing you can do about it except unplug it and try again - and that often takes several tries and 20 minutes - and you 'll need to reset the clock each time.Sometimes the device pumps water back into the reservoir . Sometimes it pumps water all over the counter . Since I 've missed Amazon 's window to return the damn thing , I 'll keep using it until it completely fails , but then it 's back to Melitta cone drip coffee for me.At $ 150 for the machine and .80 a cup for just OK coffee , this machine is n't worth the expense OR the trouble . Do you have 20 minutes to spare in the morning trying to get some piece of junk to spit out a cup of joe before giving up and swinging by Starbucks instead ? Me , either .
 Over the past 11 years I have made purchases through Amazon.com and this is my first review . I want to clarify this is not a negative review against Amazon.com but rather a `` VERY NEGATIVE '' review of Keurig , Inc. . We bought our Keurig Platinum B70 several years ago through Amazon.com and this week it stopped working . Over the time of ownership our Keurig was well maintained , the needles -LRB- Top & Bottom -RRB- were kept clean and de-scaling was performed to eliminate calcium/mineral blockages . I have called Keurig , Inc. twice and each time the customer service representative will only entertain a $ 62 discount towards a new Keurig leaving me to pay $ 117.95 plus 5 % sales tax . On my second call I requested an explanation of why some people got better discounts toward their replacement Keurig such as a replacement cost of only $ 79.99 ... I was told it was based on the serial number . I then asked if there was a known manufacture defect and there was a `` LONG '' pause before the customer service representative said no . I will never buy another Keurig Product and will ensure to tell my family , friends , and co-workers that Keurig products are not made to last and think twice before making a purchase from this company . Its really to bad because this ultimately hurts the companies who manufacture the k-cups . I just finished canceling our seven k-cup quarterly subscriptions with Amazon.com , it was nice while it lasted ! : -LRB-
 I 've had this machine for 10 months . It only worked for 2 weeks . It just sits there making noise while brewing and nothing comes out .
 Mine quite pumping water after 8 cups . I should have known better since my oldest son had sent his back 3 times before getting one that worked . Now his is once again screwing up . I thought that for the amount of time this model had been on the market , it would have been fixed . I have an older B40 we have been using for a long time , but it is screwing up now . That 's why I ordered this one . The B60 wo n't fit under our cabinets or I would have tried it . No more Keurig 's for me . I will try another brand now .
 The pump died in my B70 a little over a year into operation . As with other reviewers I discovered that this seems to be a trend with this manufacturer . Beyond that I often found the coffee weak in flavor and would end up using extra bold cups to match the regular flavor one might find in regular coffee at a coffee shop . The reviews on this coffee maker say it all , while there is a large amount of five star reviews there is a considerable amount of unhappy customers . Based on reviews as of today over 26 % of people who bought this machine gave it a one or two star review .
 I have used the B70 for about 11 months and its now as useful as a rock . It turns on but will not dispense or suck up the water properly . Any machine that fails in 11 months is completely useless in my book . Especially a coffee machine that is sold for $ 160 . Hopefully its not a hassle to get a replacement . I 'm lucky it failed under warranty .
 My second brewer is not working -LRB- the first was replaced very efficiently under warranty by keurig when it did the same thing after a few months -RRB- . This one has lasted long enough to be out of warranty . The brewer short cups and then shuts down - the same problems others are describing here . I decided to check reviews before deciding on another brewer and am actually relieved I am not the only one having this problem but I love the variety of k cups available and will have a hard time turning away from this product . I will not buy another one tho and will wait to see if the company comes out with a reliable machine.Back to a regular coffee maker for the time being .
 Bought this machine , makes a great cup of coffee until the pump goes out . It was replaced under warranty . 6 months later another dead machine . no more warranty . This is a high tech peace of crap . The coffee is n't cheap but seems like a bargain until you factor in replacing the machine one a year .
 I should have read the negative reviews before purchasing . After 1 year I have the dreaded `` Not Ready '' indication that 1/3 of all other reviewers seem to have . The pump will not draw water from the reservoir , then turns off by itself . It is not operator error , just terrible reliability . I used the coffee maker once a day with filtered water only to prevent scale . I guess I 'm lucky to get a whole year out of it , unlike most of the other unfortunate who only got a few months . What a waste of money .
 I am so upset about my coffee maker . I received it for a gift in 12/09 and for the last six months , it has randomly shut off , made inconsistent sized cups of coffee , and required me to become very creative with how I get my morning cup of coffee . I have descaled , I use bottled water and I have cleared the pin on so many occasions - I feel like a Keurig repair man . Nothing is worse than having to scream for your coffee in the wee hours of the morning . I had high hopes and the quality is sub-par for such an expensive coffee maker . The web is filled with discussion boards of the same complains and it is my understanding that Keurig is `` surprised '' with every phone call to their customer service . Wish I could recommend the machine -LRB- as I did to many people when I first got it -RRB- but it is NOT a good purchase . Lasts about six months on average from what I read on the web .
 I have waited 2 weeks before reviewing this and so far the machine has performed flawlessly . I leave it on all day , switching it off only at bedtime.Anyone who has read the reviews knows that k-cups in general make a fairly weak cup of coffee but there are a few varieties which will brew a decent cup , even at the large 7 oz . size , or set it to smallest size for that god-shot ! So far I highly recommend the following , if you adore strong coffee : TIP for those new to k-cups -LRB- as I am -RRB-
 Bought a platinum series brewer . Wish I had never done so . Have to keep constantly unplugging and restarting to get it to work correctly . Piece of junk
 This machine is a nice gadget that makes pretty good coffee , albeit somewhat expensive . However , if you decide to purchase one of these machines , be aware you may only get about a year of good performance before trouble sets in . I bought 2 of these machines , almost a year apart . The first one I used myself , usually brewing only a cup per day . Even though I followed all the maintenance recommendations , and even used the charcoal filter , the machine started acting up about a month after the one year warranty ran out . It started giving only partial cups some of the time . Descaling and cleaning the needles helped for a short time before the machine reverted to short cups . As the next few months wore on , we got used to having to lift the handle and re-brew the same K-cup to get a full cup of coffee . With a little more time , the machine started refusing to work at all . We 'd turn it off and on , try descaling again , and cleaning the needles , but the problems just got worse . Now it refuses to brew at all . It just sits there and makes strange noises , but gives no coffee.Unfortunately , before my problems started I bought another of these machines for my daughter . Hers seemed to work okay , except for the occasional short cup , until it was 11 months old . At that point it broke down completely , spewing water all over her counter . Since she had one more month to go on the warranty , she was able to get a replacement . Hopefully this one will last longer.In my opinion , you 're rolling the dice on just how long one of these machines will last . Just remember that it can be an expensive gamble.UPDATE ***** A lady named Angela posted a comment to my review and said I should have called Keurig about my problems . I did , in fact , call them prior to posting this review , and should have mentioned that . I 've copied and pasted my answer to Angela here : Angela , thanks for your reply . I should have noted that I did indeed call Keurig to try and resolve this problem . Almost 2 weeks ago I emailed them and detailed everything that went on with my brewer . I received an email back from Amanda in customer service advising me to call a number she gave me . I spoke with a man in Customer service . After listening to my tale of woe , he took my name and promised to have tech support call me . Shortly thereafter a man named Rick called and we went through all the steps he could think of to get the brewer working . Nothing worked . In fact , the brewer had reached the point where it would literally only give a cup of fluid once every 20 or 30 tries . Once we did everything tech support advised , it absolutely refused to work at all any more . So , as bad as the situation was , it was now worse . Rick put me on hold . When he came back on he said I was too many months past the warranty expiration and they would n't give me a new brewer . They would only offer me a discount on a new brewer . I told him that with the problems people all over the web were having with their machines , not to mention my own , I would not buy another Keurig even at a discounted price . I bought my brewer later than you , and registered it it January 2009 . Apparently , besides building a lesser quality machine , Keurig also does n't treat customers equally . I find this very disturbing to say the least , and one more reason why people should stay away from Keurig . Good luck with the machine they 're sending you . I have a feeling you 'll need it.Another update : After seeing how Angela got a replacement brewer with a machine older than mine , and the prodding from family members , I decided to call Keurig customer service and complain one last time about the apparently unequal replacement policy . This time they decided as a ` one time courtesy ' to send me a replacement brewer after all . The lesson to be learned here is to be persistent if you feel you 've been treated unfairly.I thought about increasing the one star rating , but decided against it since so many people are having trouble with this particular model . If you decide to buy a Keurig , I 'd buy something different than the Platinum B70 . And make sure to call customer service the first moment anything goes wrong . You want to be on record in case a replacement is needed .
 Same issues as so many others . I have descaled , I filter my softened water twice , and have done everything that the company has recommended to rectify my brewers issues . After contacting the organization last time I came away very upset at the customer service I received and how rude my `` specialist '' was . The first individual that I spoke with was polite and helpful and let me know that my machine should not be shutting completely down and I would receive a call back . The call back was disastrous . I did n't get the call back when I was told that I would and then when I did , the woman was very rude and condescending . During this entire process I felt as if the blame of the products defects were being placed on me and NOBODY ever addressed the fact that the machine obviously has electrical issues because it shuts completely down as if it has been unplugged and blows my electrical socket 's circuit . With that being said , the fact of the matter is I purchased the Keurig brewer because of it 's perceived convenience and I ended up paying $ 189 for a product that is higher maintenance than a Hollywood diva .
 As others have reported , Keurig has a severe problem with reliability on the B70 machines . We are on our third one in less than a year . They work fine for a while and then they cease to completely fill the cups . Note that this is actually our fourth one since Christmas 2009 as our original , since discontinued Costco-only model B76 also developed the same problems . We 've returned each one for a new one to Costco , who have told us that they have had a ridiculous number of returns -LRB- on the previous one the woman told me it was the third one she 'd taken back that day ! -RRB- . Wonderful machine when it works , but this is ridiculous . If this one dies also , we 'll try and get through our remaining K-cups and then give up on Keurig.UPDATE
 Bought three B70s within the family.Pro . When they were working all machines gave good cups of coffee.Con . One machine died just inside the warranty period , display failed , no control over unit . Replaced by Keurig after some delay.The other two died within 14 months . One had a display problem , could not change cup size . The other had a pump problem , giving intermittent cup quantity . As these two machines were just outside the warranty they had to be junked.Will not buy again and would not recommend .
 I was given a single cup Keurig for Christmas as a gift . I got it because my niece had one and absolutely LOVED the coffee it made . I tried the samples that came with the pot but none of them impressed me . I love Tim Horton 's coffee and bought the extra filter to use the TH coffee grounds . Still not impressed . My Mr. Coffee has given me a better cup than the Keurig . I tried a coffee press this morning and even that is better than the Keurig . I 'm returning the Keurig . Disappointed . I was hoping for a better cup of coffee . I have one cup a day and that cup needs to be as good as it can be .
 I had this product for less than 2 years and it just stopped working . I performed all the needed maintenance on it -LRB- descaling , cleaning and so on -RRB- But now the water will not longer push through . The size selection is stuck on the largest setting and no matter what I do , it will not change.I like the easy of this product , but for the price , I need a product that will last longer .
 I am on my 3rd machine in less than 3 years . The first one bought in Nov 2009 lasted me until March 2010 and then would only brew about half the cup of coffee then quit . Keurig replaced that machine free in April 2010 and it lasted until February of 2011 when it began to do the same thing even after cleaning , descaling and attempting to power off and on . I got another replacement machine in Feb 2011 which lasted until November 2011 -LRB- now -RRB- . This time the machine would not brew even though the water resevoir was full and appeared to be pulling water into the machine . It would say brewing but no cofee would come out . I am very disappointed in these machines as they do n't even last a full year . I am a daily coffee drinker of 4 to 5 cups a day and really like the single cup brewer and variety of choices of k-cups , but it is very disappointing for the machine to stop working so quickly especially for the expensive price tag associated with it and the cost of the pods . I have gone back to the old fashion Mr. Coffee 12 cup coffee maker .
 My wife and I love coffee ! We also love the convenience and the quality of coffee this machine brews ... when it works . I am extremely careful with all of my equipment . I descale the machine every 2 months and we only use filtered water . After just over 1 year , the machine will not brew consistently . It takes me over 20 minutes of poking and prodding the machine to get a half of a cup some mornings . I have contacted Keurig numerous times about the issue . They will not replace the $ 200 machine because it is out of the 1 year warranty . For a $ 200 appliance , it should last over 1.5 years ! My 10 year old American made Bunn still works and has NEVER had an issue . Needeless to say , Keurig took $ 100 off the price for a total of $ 88 out of pocket for a new machine . -LRB- This is still not acceptable -RRB- Due to the convenience , my wife and I will give this machine 1 more shot . -LRB- Now , we are only using Distilled water *** ANOTHER ADDED Cost -RRB- Pretty soon , we should just go to Dunkin Donuts or Starbucks as this machine is quite expenseve at around $ .50 per cup , plus the cost of the machine and water . OR , Back to the quality BUNN O MATIC ... so what if it takes 2-3 minutes to set up and brew .
 I am a little disappointed with the customer service with Keurig . While great for a quick cup of joe , I 've not had great luck with customer service . I 'm not complaining about their lack of phone etiquette or customer handling skills , I 'm a little perplexed at the available tools they are given to assist customers.I 've had my B70 for just under 2 years , at the time I go it , I loved it and while not a significant monetary investment , its not like I bought a 25 $ throw away coffee maker.Recently I 've had issues with the de-scaling feature . I 've cleaned it regularly with vinegar per the de-scaling instructions every month to two months . At no time in the past two years have I even seen the de-scaling message on the display . A few weeks ago , the machine did not fill the cup fully and on the next cup overflowed that cup.I then ran the de-scaling procedure several times , going through two 128ox jugs of vinegar in the process . I finally got the machine to not need the de-scaling procedure done . Now , however , turning on the machine causes the brewer to fully empty the reservoir until the `` add water '' message appears . Calling Keurig was no fix at all . After fully explaining myself and the procedures , the gentleman on the service line informed me that it was out of warranty and unfixable . -LRB- I 'm not sure if he meant to infer the two were related , but they were joined in the same sentence -RRB- After informing me of this , he did offer to sell me the same brewer for the one time low price of 79.99 . After calculating the original cost of the brewer and the 80 $ every two years -LRB- pending same issues and offers by support -RRB- I neglected to accept the offer . I 'll stick with the 25 $ throw away coffee maker I 've had for over ten years .
 This is the absolute WORST coffee pot I have ever purchased ! After only a couple days , it stopped brewing ! I went online and found out ths probem was very common , and they have a technique called `` burping '' it , which became a very routine thing , and sometimes burping oes n't work , and I 'll go up to a week with it out of comission . It needs to constantly be descaled , absolute garbage of an overpriced product .
 This product works well at first , but is still a bad decision.Quality of customer service at Keurig is so bad that I have to think the idea is to make sure that you never call again . They are rude , patronizing , demanding of all your personal information -LRB- name , address , phone , email -RRB- before they will even accept your call , and then totally unhelpful afterward . Our Keurig is now in the trash and we have a $ 20 coffeemaker from Sears.Expect your machine to work 12-24 months and then fail , the `` helpful tips '' on their website to be nothing more than a way of stopping you from calling , and their disgusting phone manners when you do call to be their way of telling you just how unwelcome your call is , and how uninterested they are in doing anything AT ALL but getting you to go away.When I hear American industry whining about how tough times are and how consumers wo n't deal with locally-based companies and people are being laid off and wah wah wah poor us - okay , but from now on I 'll think about companies like Keurig , based in Reading , MA .
 Each time I descaled -LRB- cleaned -RRB- the brewer by running vinegar through it as directed by the manual , my keurig started to have problems . As this happened within the first year , Keurig sent me a new one without any explanation as to why or what caused it leading me to believe it was a faulty machine . However , the second brewer did this as well . Unfortunately , my 1 year warrantee has expired and now Keurig is unwilling to replace or repair my Keurig which ceased to function after I descaled it . Though it had problems after the first and second times I descaled it , it did not completely break until the 3rd time I descaled it . I now know that the descaling process clogged it and there is no way to repair it . 1 . WHY did n't they inform me of this danger ?! My friend whos had one for longer than I , and has never descaled it , has never had a problem . 2 . Keurig NOW suggests you use distilled water . However , I only learned this on accident . WHY was I not informed ?! Therefore , since I followed the manual it 's now broken and I 'm out $ 200 !? Sounds like they designed this problem to happen to me!Google
 These come in many many different models and colors so you have to look around a bit for good reviews.We had one and I wanted to hold off for a little while to write the review , we have had one for over a year.This is a very trendy device and people seem to really like them in there kitchens they do also look pretty cool , but , , , , , The coffee that comes out is just not that good , it tastes about like coffee from a machine at a bowling alley . Not kidding , I dont know how people can ignore this . There is also the big thrill of beeing able to shop for about a hundred different ` crappy ' flavors.The final straw is that they are cheaply made -LRB- like most everything these days -RRB- in China and expect it to last about a year or so . If you are going to spend the money definelty get the extended warranty.Hope this helps save some people some money .
 I 've been drinking coffee for over 30 years , and understand the importance of investing in a good quality coffeemaker , something I have no quorums with . I heard and read good and bad reviews about the Keurig coffeemakers . The reviews were so mixed I decided to try one for myself . I ordered Keurig 's B70 on December 28 , 2012 . I made my first cup of coffee on January 8 , 2013 . It is quick , convenient , and looks great ! Not what 's most important though ... Water temperature is one integral part in a great cup of coffee . The water temperature has never hot enough . I keep it on the highest setting of 192 but immediately after brewing a cup of coffee , I can stick my finger in the cup . I 've run the `` Rinse '' cycle , turned the machine off , unplugged it for a while , emptied and refilled the water reservoir , and started it back up . Still ... my coffee is lukewarm at best . I 've resorted to microwaving my coffee immediately after brewing it . I hate microwaving coffee ! The construction of the product is also a bit flimsy.I 've sampled three or four of the K-Cups provided with the brewer , used the rinse feature , and also thoroughly cleaned the maker before using my preferred coffee of choice . Both the taste of the samples provided with the B70 , and my coffee of choice tastes weak and mediocre . I 've adjusted the cup size but the flavor is still the same.Taste and quality are far more important to me than convenience . My coffeehouse of choice has always used Bunn coffeemakers and told me they were best for making coffee . I 've done my homework and the positive reviews far outweigh the negative . I ordered the Bunn MCU . It comes standard with four drawers for K-Cups , ground coffee , pods and water . It features pulse brew to extend water contact time , and allows users to choose drinking between 4 to 14 ounces -LRB- 4 to 12 on B70 -RRB- . It offers a 2-year warranty versus a 1-year warranty with Keurig . It can also be used to grind up to 20 grams ground coffee -LRB- 10 grams on B70 -RRB- to get high quality results . The speed of both units is less than a minute.As with many things in life , there are some give and takes - features I wish it had such as the water reservoir ; however , the upside to that is that it has a stainless tank versus plastic -LRB- B70 -RRB- , which keeps the water hotter . They both could stand to improve their designs to allow for a bit larger cups -LRB- i.e. travel mug size -RRB- . I must say , with a price tag of $ 189.99 , I am terribly disappointed . I will be boxing the unit up and returning it to Keurig for a refund .
 Over the past 2 years my family -LRB- includes units given to daughters at college -RRB- has gone through three B70 models , 2 B60 models plus the gift to a family friend of a B60 model last year that only lasted 8 months . The units are great when they work . They all fail anywhere from 3-to-8 months of use . The pattern for failure was nearly the identical for all 6 units -- the metering of watering as it brews the coffee starts to become erratic , then brewing itself becomes intermittent -LRB- working sometimes and at other times not at all -RRB- , followed by total failure of the unit . Each time I called Keurig Tech support , they are very courteous , and then walk you through identical troubleshooting steps which are
 I bought this machine in December of 2009 . 13 months TO THE DAY it died . Water wo n't pump out of the resevoir into the machine and the digital display looks like something from another planet , no discernable words or letters or numbers . I called Keurig who told me that my warranty was only for 12 months so I was pretty much out of luck . My husband , who is very handy , took the machine apart to see what was wrong with it and he found faulty celluloids and rust on the inside of the machine . I called Keurig back and they said that while they understood my issue with their $ 170 coffee maker , even if I had n't been out of warranty , taking it apart was a warranty breaker . Huh ? I will NEVER buy anything from this company again and am now buying the Cuisinart . It might not be a stylish , but at least they stand by their products .
 This product is great when it works . We just recieved our 3rd replacement and were able to make only 3cups before it stopped working . Hope they get this problem fixed .
 We bought this machine in December and it worked great until this week . I read the website and it lead me to believe the needle was clogged . After descaling it , the machine now only produces half a cup . Read all the online reviews . The water pump seems to have issues . I am frustrated because we have become addicted to great coffee !
 First of all I want to say I read every single review I could find online before I purchased this B70 model . I went against my better judgement knowing the problems that could arise . I wanted it really bad because of the good reviews and hoping the problems others experienced would n't happen to me . I have had it for 2 months and LOVE the convenience ! I have spent a lot of time and money finding our favorite flavor cups . Amazon has the best price on Kcups so we got Autoship on our favorites . Our brewer has always left a few grinds in th e cup and we considered it a minor inconvenience . BUT yesterday it started DUMPING the entire kcup of grinds into the cup at the end of the brewing cycle . I tried different cups just to make sure it was n't a faulty cup . Then it started not brewing a full cup . Similiar problems I had read in other reviews . I thought to myself OH NO NOT MY KEURIG ! I followed all troubleshooting instructions in the manual and today I finally called them and customer service kept me on the phone about 45 minutes doing all the same things I had already tried and MORE . They think it could be a faulty Kcup holder but we got it working again and she said to call back it the problem comes back . CAN YOU SAY HASSLE ! Even though I loved it when it worked properly and am so regretting this purchase because I do n't have time for the hassle ... the exact reason one would purchase a system like this . Customer service is nics and attentive but who wants to have to be calling them about such an expensive purchase . I know this review is long but since I read every single review it is only fair that I also share my experience . Keurigs are way to expensive to have this problem . Think of all those who are n't writing reviews . I 'm stuck with it and if I have problems they may help me but its NOT WORTH the hassle . I will update if anything different happens .
 After years of using other pod coffee systems with no problems , I decided to get one of the Keurig models . I had seen some in stores and shops , set up for the customers and enjoyed using them . But instead of purchasing one of those models I had to have the latest best with more cup size options , the B70 . Well it worked great for about a week or so . Then after making the coffee , it would shut off . After working with it over a few days I see that it would not refill the water heater and then shut-down . You have to unplug it , remove the water tank , put the water tank back in and power back up between each cup . I contacted Amazon and wam-bam , they had it replaced in a few days . Took the first one and put it in the box of the replacement . Shipped it back . Well after about 10 days . The same thing has started happening again . I use filtered water and I am the only one who drinks coffee in the house , so it is not being over used . It appears to be a defective computer chip or other electronic component that causes this problem . I 've never heard of this from any one I know who has a Keurig , but then they do n't have the B70 model . This one may end up in the trash and I will be back to my old pod systems or an older Keurig that does n't need to think to much .
 We could not have been happier in the first two weeks of owning this unit - it 's fast , easy to use , and makes a pretty decent cup of coffee . During that time , I decided to donate my other brew coffee machine to the Salvation Army since I just knew I would n't need it . In fact , I was so happy , I bought my parents one as a Christmas present too.Whoops.By New Year 's Day , the machine started exhibiting faults , where it refused to draw water from the water tank and shut itself off . With no signs of an airlock or blockage , it had all the hallmarks of a software problem with the unit . I searched online and the forums had many disgruntled users with the same problem and no solution other than a replacement.Next , my parents ' unit blew up with a similar problem . Their machine seemed to take up to five minutes to heat up a cup of water , even though it was fine originally -LRB- normally takes about 45-60 seconds -RRB- . They called Keurig and have received a replacement unit.By the time I called Keurig , their tech department is so overloaded with calls that they 're now quoting a two business day response time , after being kept on hold for some period . I 'm still waiting for that call back , but I suspect this machine may be finding its way back to the returns department at Costco.Overall , I wish Keurig would fix the clear quality problems they 're having and - failing that - fix the technical service . Leaving customers without coffee , especially those who discarded their old machines , just makes them kind of difficult and touchy , especially before noon .
 Purchased this Keurig brewer in May 11 and for the first 17 months was great , no problems at all , would have rated it 4/5 stars but now in the last week it has completely stopped working.The descale message showed up for the first time and I followed through the instructions but it seems like the entire system is blocked up as no water/vinegar is even making its way through to allow it to be cleaned ... So thats the end of the coffee maker.I think it is close to being a great coffee maker but there are some serious flaws like this that frustrate you and mean the price you pay for it is n't really worth it ...
 For years , I 've considered buying this machine , but the thought of polluting the earth with those endless K-cups for one cup of coffee turned me off . So , when I saw that the company had included a `` add your own coffee filter '' to the machine , I thought this would be the answer for me . So , I purchased the B70 platinum , tried a couple of cups with the K-cups , which were included , and it made an adequate cup of coffee . I like my coffee strong , so I had to limit the amount of water used , by the way , so that there is less water in proportion to the cup . So , in essence , to get one good sized cup of strong coffee , I would need to brew two times -LRB- using two K-cups -RRB- . Anyway , back to the rest of the story . I then tried brewing my own grind . I must have tried five different coffees , 10 different levels of grind , and each cup turned out terrible . I perused several reviews on this site , and sure enough , there were lots of complaints about this . Since this was the only reason I bought this machine , it is going back.In sum , if you like strong coffee or wanted to use your own coffee to avoid using all those plastic disposable cups , I would not recommend this machine .
 This is my third Keurig and I 've always been a big fan . But there seems to be a problem with these new ones . The water that comes through this machine smells and tastes like burnt plastic , therefore the coffee is AWFUL and undrinkable.Search the web and you 'll see all of the discussions on how to get rid of the plastic taste . But in the end , why should I have to de-scale a new the machine , and where is the smell/taste coming from ? My other concern is that even if I run enough water through this thing to get rid of the taste , will there be residual plastic coming through in every cup , and is this healthy?I think this thing is going back .
 Have had mine for 11/2 years , 2-3 cups per week . Stopped brewing . I only used filtered water . Now , Keurig will give me a discount on a new one . What a rip off !!
 When I first bought this platinum Keurig , I was very happy with it . For about 13 months it made a fast cup of delicious coffee . During the middle of the 13th month , it began to get erratic in dispensing the right amount of coffee . By the end of the 13th month it got more erratic until it stopped dispensing coffee at all . I followed all of the cleaning instructions , I used distilled water for making the coffee , and only used keurig cups in the machine . I expected more from a coffee maker that cost as much as this .
 So , I spent $ 170 on a fancy Keurig coffee machine and started spending about $ 7 a week on K-Cups . I loved the ease and convenience and the fact that I did n't have to measure out coffee grounds every morning and then wash a coffee pot and filter assembly . It was really easy and effortless to drink a cup of coffee every morning before work . Yes , Keurig 's are expensive , yes K-Cups are expensive no matter where you buy them but let me repeat - I LOVED THIS MACHINE and never regretted the money I spent . So , imagine my shock and dismay when I came into my kitchen at 5 am on a Monday morning to find my Keurig is no longer brewing . The lights are on and nobody is home . I cleaned everything out , turned it off , unplugged it ... nada . Now yes , I have used this machine , on average , 5 days a week for 14 months . That 's alot of use but I also paid ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTY DOLLARS for the machine , I filled it only with bottled spring water and I do n't want to know how much I have spent on K Cups . It 's dead ... it 's not working and I 'm disappointed beyond belief . I 've had Mr. Coffee machines that lasted for 15 years and still worked when I replaced them , just because it was time or there was new technology . All I can say is , think before you buy . You will love it , provided you accept that you are paying for the ease and convenience . You will be upset if it simply stops working a year after you bought it and sadly , that seems to be rather common . I have to seriously consider going back to a $ 20 Mr. Coffee and just dealing with spending 3-4 minutes every day washing out the pot and filter . I do n't know if I can shell out the money again to buy one knowing that I run the risk of it dying on me a year or even two or three years later .
 The product lasted a little over one year before it stopped dispensing water . I typically use it for one cup of coffee a day at most . Customer service is worthless and has you clean needles and descaling over and over again to make you think you are accomplishing something . This thing is just a glorified water kettle . For the money buy some other product .
 I have used a Keurig at work for years and had few problems . I bought the B70 Platinum in January 2011 , hoping to save time every day getting my morning cup for the train . But after only 6 months of light use , I started getting the same problem now being reported by other users - the pump would make noise but would n't push -LRB- enough -RRB- water through the K-cup . At first this happened only occasionally , usually on the first cup of the day , and could be fixed by unplugging and restarting the machine . I figured it had something to do with air in the line.But it got worse . After reading the manual , I tried descaling - even though I never got a descale warning . That seemed to make it worse . Now the machine has completely died , after only 9 months of use . And FINALLY the descale warning has come on ! But it ca n't descale , it does n't work , period . I will be contacting Keurig customer service , will see what they say.Some of the reviewers have reported the same problem even though they have soft water , so I do n't whether or not this relates to calcium buildup . But if this machine is so sensitive to calcium buildup that it can be destroyed after 6-9 months of use , they should put a warning in huge red letters . Or better yet , not market a product until they make it reliable .
 There is a probblem with this model brewer . After a short amount of time the selonid leaks onto the air pump and transformer . This will shorten the life of this machine . You know it 's going when it can only deliver 4oz or no coffe at all!The other problem is it must remain upright or water leaks back into selonoid and clogs it from opening . . thus no coffee.AVOID THIS MODEL !!
 I ordered this product from BigKitchen on the 9th , and i recieved an email today telling me that they had a `` data integrity issue '' and were unable to give me the item at the price i agreed to pay for it . With is total bull ! Nothing against the product , just trying to let people know to stay away from BigKitchen
 BigKitchen sold me this product and before they could fulfill their order they decided that I had n't paid enough for it . They are blaiming a ` data integrity issue ' for the price I purched this item and have offered me a coupon for 10 % that expires in 5 days . Wow , thanks for that token . BigKitchen should honor the price they sold me this item . Watch out for the bait & switch that BigKitchen is doing to me !!! I 'm sure if I paid a price higher than I could find elsewhere , they would n't give me the difference and would say , ` this is the price we both agreed to ' . I say the same for BigKitchen . Honor the price you sold me the item for and fulfill this order .
 This product broke down after one month of regular use . This is not what I would have expected from a `` premium '' product . The manufacturing quality of this product is clearly far below where it should be .
 All the features and convenience of this brewer are great , except for the fact that it does n't dispense a hot cup of coffee . I purchased 2 of them at the same time , one for my office and one for the kitchen . It 's marketed to brew up to 192 degrees , the reason I upgraded from the mini brewer . After speaking with customer service I was told that 192 is the brewing temp -LRB- inside the tank -RRB- but it dispenses at around 170 ... into a ceramic mug and add a little milk or cream and you have a luke warm cup of coffee that has to be nuked for 40 seconds . I 'm out $ 300 . Do n't want you to be .
 First received the Keurig platinum B70 in January of 2010 . I am now on my 4th replacement . These pots are junk . The first 2 after a short time you could hear water running but would not pump so they kept shutting off . The third one started short cupping after having it a short period of time so they ran me through all that cleaning bit , descaling and running three cups water through it and it continued to do the same . Called them back and got a different person and they had me do the same stuff again . Finally they sent me a fourth one and now it take 3-5 minutes of listening to a quiet motor running and it will say brewing before anything happens . A great big expensive piece of junk . Do not buy . You are guaranteed to be sorry . Spend you money on a different brand . Would be a great pot if they kept working . I am tempted to send it back in pieces to keurig I am so frustrated with this . The longest one worked good for me for about 3 months .
 I bought one of these B70 machines about two years ago . I followed all the instructions and cleaned it on a weekly basis . It developed a problem . It would not pull water from the water container and therefore would not make a cup of coffee . After extensive on line research , I discovered that this is a regular occurence with the machine . Now , get this , you ca n't get parts to fix this thing and it is sealed so that taking it apart without damage is near impossible . To add insult to injury , I belong to the Kuerig coffee club and I get points every time I buy coffee from Kuerig . I have accrued many points in the last few years , and when I went to turn them in for a new coffee maker , I found that none of their coffee makers were able to be ordered in the points catalog . Just junk accesories that they had for sale . When I originally started purchasing the pods that go into this machine for brewing , they were fairly priced . Now they have gone up to the point that they cost .50 to .75 cents per cup . Do n't get hooked into the Kuerig scheme , it is n't worth it ! Just say NO to this rip off company and it 's over priced coffee and machines !
 From the reviews i 've read i was lucky with just over 12 months of so so use . Save your receipts is all i have to say other than i hope you like speaking to tech support if you buy this ... To follow up ; customer service is very good , if Keurig sends out replacements like they did for me , then if there is a problem , it is just a mild inconvenience , not an expense . I thank them for their support .
 This product is unrellibale and unpredictable . Multiple problems ; makes a full cup intermittently . You never know when you get a full cup or a half cup . It also deposits coffee rinds in the cup of coffee , intermittently . Lastly after using this product for about 10 days , it stopped working . The word Prime displayed on the screen , and followed manufacturer 's recommended guidelines to correct , which it did for about 3 cups and then stopped working . The only thing that works ; it makes noise like a constant motor running and would not shut off , nor does it make coffee . Do n't buy this piece of junk .
 I 've had the same experience as other purchasers of the Keurig B70 brewer . It worked great when I first got it , and it worked for about a year . One day it just stopped working . I opened it up to see if I could fix it , but I do n't have the time or patience it takes to dismantle the thing in order to repair it.I have since bought a Keurig OfficePro B145 , and I intend to descale it every couple of months whether or not the light comes on . We 'll see ...
 I recently experienced one of these appliances at my office where I was really impressed . Although we had to purchase our own K-Cups they ended up being relatively inexpensive -LRB- $ .44 / Kup -RRB- for the price of convenience . And so , I decided to purchase one for home . Then the problem started ... K-cup prices skyrocketed ... DOUBLING on Amazon to about $ .90 / Kup . I 'm a sucker . I really wish I would have returned it . But I am far beyond the Amazon 30-day return policy . And so , the Keurig has been tossed into the garage sale pile.However , our Keurig has proved to be invaluable when anyone in the house is sick with the flu . Chicken broth , tea , and even Theraflu is effortless . If you have a home where this scenario is common , this appliance is perfect . But , the cost of the Kups are way to high for this to be any value .
 I wish I could give this product 5 stars ... I 'm packing up the third one and getting ready to return it . Each one I 've tried to use for several months , not so successful . I absolutely love the coffee maker when it works . . I only use of for making my own ground coffee and does a great job . That is when it works . . I 'm not thinking I 'm over using it . Between my Wife and me we probably make 3 to 5 cups in the morning . Then turn it off . And only use Osmosis filtered waterThe first one had issue of losing the settings and would lockup often . This is a trait in the others but not as often . And I do not have electrical issues in the house , nor live in an area of power outages.Second one stopped heating the water after a monthNumber 3 regularly has issues of not pumping the water from the reservoir after making a cup ... It stops and displays not ready . And the pump has been steadily been getting nosier.Not sure if I will try a number four ... . I might replace it with Breville . They say they 're the same , but I have several friends gone though the same experience and have ended up with the higher price Breville but it works .
 I used the product about a dozen times , and then it would not work anymore . After contacting customer service , they stated it is because the water was sitting in the reservoir , and the unit was not descaled . I find this difficult to believe since it was used only a dozen times . In addition , our office had a Keurig unit for over 5 years , was used by 15 people every day , the unit was never descaled , and functioned just fine . The office is now on a second unit , has been in use for over a year by over 15 people , has never been descaled , and continues to brew just fine . I think they sold a defective unit , and were more interested in selling a new unit than fixing my personal unit .
 I just tossed in the garbage my less than 2 year old Keurig Brewer . This is the second one I owned and the second one that did n't last for more than two years . I should have heeded the negitive reviews I read on Amazon . The good reviews are from people who have n't had one for a longer period of time . I agree the brewer makes it very convienent to make coffee but they are not reliable over the long run . The brewer should last much longer than the ones I owned considering the cost of these brewers . Customer service offered a discount on another brewer but they could n't come close to the price Kohls Department Store offers If less that two years of service is acceptable to you then go ahead and buy one .
 I gave this coffee maker 1 star to grab your attention regarding a manufacturing defect in the water pump in previous models , it has reportedly been corrected in more recently manufactured models . I bought my B-70 platinum Keurig in November 2010 at Costco . A few weeks ago -LSB- mid January 2011 -RSB- , it started gurgling and was n't filling the heating reservoir properly . I contacted Keurig but aside from `` do n't reply '' automated emails , I did n't hear from anyone so today returned it to Costco because they accept all their products back without question , it was easier than dealing with Keurig . I was initially very disappointed because I love this coffee maker and used it all the time , love the variety of K cups and it 's fun for guests , being able to custom pick their drink of choice . It made great roadies in the morning -LSB- 1 hour commute -RSB- and I could change it up instead of drinking the same coffee every day , and there was no waste . When I got to Costco , they said that many had been returned and that there was a motor pump manufacturing problem , Keurig reportedly stopped production and fixed the problem and manufacturing resumed . Costco said they had the new models and said 99 % of customers replaced their coffee makers with the same Keurig model after hearing the problem had been identified and resolved . So I came home with another B-70 , I 'm drinking my first cup of delicious coffee and it works flawlessly , like the other one did until it failed . The nice benefit about Costco
 I 've had high hopes for this machine with all the positive reviews and the fact that my wife 's brother has had this same model for 2 years now , but for us It 's been such a pain . The biggest problem is the machine will just not turn on !! Click the on switch and no work . After about an hour of clicking and fidgeting , we finally got the coffee maker to turn on . So now I have two options , leave the machine on ALL the time or face the same hassle . Well I do n't have to choose since the machine wo n't turn off now , great . After doing a massive search online about this problem , it would seem I 'm not the only one . Apparently Keurig machine 's have a horrible track record and only work 50 % or less of the time.My second complaint is the digital clock on the machine . When I was able to turn it , I 've set the clock and auto turn on/off time to avoid the hassle of the above mentioned . But the problem is that over time when you check the clock , the time is completely different . The time on the machine seems to trail off randomly > : - -LRB- When it works , its awsome . We got this machine as a wedding present with a lot of k-cups . We 're going to try and use what k-cups we have before they expire before trashing this coffee maker.Please do a search on the faults of Keurig to decide for yourself the reliability of their machines . Hopefully your will get a ` good ' one if you decide to get one . Good luck !
 I purchase the Platinum B70 for my wife as an Anniversary gift . The coffee maker made it just over a year before we started getting the , `` Not ready '' that I have recently found out about . Not only do we get the not ready but the machine will turn on by its self and start spitting water out now . The only option for this machine now is the trash . It was great while it lasted . Guess we got one of the better built ones as it made it a year before crapping out.Update - 1 Feb 11 - we attempted to contact Keurig customer service to find out if the machine could be fixed . After waiting a month for someone from Keurig to contact me , the machine stopped working all together and is now in the garbage . I have since bought my wife a Bosch Tassimo and she very pleased so far .
 I used this coffee maker almost every day until it stopped working . It says it 's brewing but nothing comes out or it brews a very small cup . I am out of the warranty period and I have not been able to receive any help from Keurig 's customer service in how to repair the unit . I am very reluctant to buy a new one now that I have found that this is a big problem with the B70 and B60 units and Keurig is doing nothing to remedy the situation . For $ 200 it should last longer or at the very least be repairable through Keurig .
 Keurig has a real problem ! I liken their brewers to eight track tape players , sometimes it works but most of the time it does n't . It constantly turns its self off . The top needle becomes dull and rips the foil causing grounds to back up into the system . The needle also gets clogged a lot . Please spend your money on a really good traditional coffee make that is reliable .
 Count me as one frustrated Keurig B70 user . Bought mine at Costco about three months ago . Only use it to make one or two cups per day with highly filtered water from a Kinetico system . Two weeks ago I had the problem where the machine just hummed and no water or coffee came out . Called customer service -LRB- you have to call on off hours to get in reasonably quickly -RRB- . They told me to do the de-clog and vinegar rinse thing.Did that , then a week later , I have the same problem with no water for tea or coffee coming through on the brew cycle . Called back , I 'm told I 'm getting a replacement . Hope it has more longevity than three months ! When it works , it 's great but so disappointing when you start trusting it every day for your morning coffee and you ca n't have any ! Thank goodness I kept my little $ 20 Cuisinart 4 cupper . It takes forever but still makes a good cup of coffee in a pinch .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- These brewers only seem to last for maybe a year or so ... I 've gone through four of them and now the fourth one is having problems . I will NOT buy another one.Shame on me for giving Green Mountain -LRB- yes they are the ones behind Keurig -RRB- my money.I bought my first one from amazon which was replaced by keurig , when that one failed they would n't replace it but I had 8 boxes of kcups -LRB- at $ 9/box - you do the math -RRB- - i bought another one from another retailer - that failed after 10 months , yes they replaced it and now that one is having problems again ... save your money buy a starbucks gift card or a french press .
 I bought this in May 2009 as a replacement for a B70 which died after 17 months of use . This one just died today . So it lasted for 9 months . I 'm going to buy 1 more and then I 'll switch to something else . I 'm probably an idiot for giving it one more chance .
 Just received this coffee maker and was so excited to try it . Primed it according to instructions then turned it off until morning . In the morning when I tried to make coffee it kept shutting itself off . When I tried to access the menu to see if it was on auto off the menu screen would not come up . After several attempts was able to make 1 partial cup of coffee then machine started to smell `` hot '' and turned itself off again . I am returning it and since I love the idea of how convenient it is to have fresh coffee each time I want a cup I will try it one more time and hope that I have better luck . Right now I give it 2 stars for looks and ease of use.Update , after returning the coffee maker , I ordered another , same model . It lasted almost a year , was covered by warranty and the Keurig co. sent me a new pot immediately . All I had to do was return a small part from the old pot . So far the third oone is working fine . Does make good coffee and I love the convenience . Will I buy another when this one dies off ? Depends on how long this one lasts .
 We loved our Keurig brewer for a few months while it worked . But then the problems started , as everyone else stated on this website . We lasted as long as we could , and thinking we may have gotten a lemon , we bought Keurig Brewer # 2 . More expensive than the first . We figured we 'd go much longer with it than the first one -LRB- which lasted about 2 years off and on -RRB- . We were foolish to think this . The Keurig Platinum lasted us less than a year . I de-scaled it until the cows came home , I gave it the `` love tap '' like many suggested , I even removed the bottom of the unit , blew out the air valve , and sealed her back up . To no avail . I will not be buying Keurig # 3 . Time to move on . It was wonderful and convenient while it lasted . But just too expensive to keep trying to make it work .
 K cups are roughly $ 0.50 . This is the second machine that I have purchased . This one lasted 1 year 20 day . Not very reliable .
 Worked twice and stopped , pressed Brew button and it just sat there . I had to power cycle the power button to maybe get the brew cycle to start . Finally returned it , clerk said they 've had returns on these more than any other brand . Beware !
 This coffeemaker quit working less than 6 month after I recieved it . While they were quick to send a replacement , it also quit working in about 4 months . Stupid me never sent the cupholder back with the first one . How could I possibly get 2 bad units in a year ? My first single cup Keurig worked for a year and a half and still works for my daughter.Live and learn . Back to my dependable Bunn . Coffee is n't as good by far , but it beats no coffee at all .
 Beware ... ALL Keurig and other brand of K-Cup brewers will NOT last long . Bought my first Keurig -LRB- B70 five years ago . Fortunately -LRB- ? -RRB- it failed withing the 1-year warranty period , so , Keurig replaced . Same story on my 2nd one that Keurig sent , so , Keurig sent me a 3rd unit . It failed also , but , last just a few months beyond the 1-year warranty , so , Keurig would not replace it.I had a large inventory of K-cups and we really do like the convenience of Keurig-style brewing , so , I tried a different brand of K-cup brewer , the Cuisinart SS-700 . It has lasted just 9 months . I need to ship the unit back to Cuisinart at MY COST , but , they will replace it.We probably brew a K-cup about 3.5 times a day on average , so , we are n't heavy users . So , by my experience , these K-cup brewers last about one year . I maintain them , descale them , etc. per the instructions.So , with Keurig-style of brewers , it 's like the joke about Jaguar cars
 When this machine works correctly it is by far the simplest way to make coffee . Over the past few years I have seen the cost of K-Cups increase dramatically to the point where about a year and a half ago I quit buying them entirely . Now I use my machine with a solofill and an ekobrew . My wife likes the solofill better so she uses that and I use the ekobrew . With these we can make a single cup of fresh coffee and not have any waste . The only problem is the machine itself has a very short lifespan . My first B70 lasted a little less than a year until I returned it because it would n't put out a cup of coffee in the correct size or it would just refuse to make anything at all . I tried multiple times to descale it and the paperclip clearing trick on the needle to no avail . Now that I am on my replacement unit it has worked for about a year and , again , I am with a machine that will sit there and not put out any water or it will do the dreaded short-cups that you can find everyone complain about online . This machine , now out of warranty , is of no use to me since it can not reliably make coffee anymore . It will soon be heading off to a landfill and I 'll get something else , not by Keurig/Green Mountain Coffee Company , to replace it . The whole single cup brewing idea is fantastic but I have yet to find a brand that makes a brewer that can serve me reliably .
 Great idea ... but frustrating as heck . I use distilled water ONLY . I have cleaned it at least every 4-6 weeks as instructed with the vinegar.I even run a water -LRB- no coffee , no K-cup -RRB- cycle every 5-7 days to try and prevent clogging.The bottom `` funnel '' drain never clogs ; however the TOP puncture device -LRB- that penetrates the top of the K-cup -RRB- is clogs continually.It 's easy to unplug and effective when I do it and only takes a minute or two , but I 'm constantly having to do this for the machine to work.What happens is after pushing the button to brew a cup , nothing happens -LRB- or minimal hot water is released into my cup -RRB- . As instructed by the company I use a paper clip to gently ream the two holes on the puncture device on the top . I push the brew button and it works.Would be great if I did n't have to go through this process every 6 or so cups of coffee.I 'm wondering if my machine is defective or if this is a design problem of the top puncture device and K-cup design -LRB- `` back flow of coffee grounds into the upper portion of the machine -RRB- . Anyway ... great idea , does n't consistently work and takes some effort on a regular basis to maintain it 's function.The people at Keurig are very kind and professional . I 've only insisted their assistance once -LRB- when they instructed me on how to clear the top puncture device -RRB- . I will call them again on Monday during work hours to see if this is a common complaint/defect
 I received my Keurig coffee maker for Christmas . After 6 months ... it quit working . Woke up one morning ready for my coffee and `` Whamoo '' wo n't brew . Press the button and nothing happens . Tried resetting the thing , still wo n't work . I 'm not a happy camper . I hope it 's under warranty . I 'll need to sent it back to Keruig .
 I am writing this review after using the Keurig brewers for the last two years . In my opinion the cons far outweigh the pros . I have gone back to a good old fashioned 12 cup coffee brewer and am more than happy with the choice . I originally bought this keurig brewer two years ago because of the single serve option and the variety of coffee and cold drink 's which could be brewed in this machine . However , Keurig brewers are some of the most unreliable machines around , even with constant regular maintenance . My first brewer quit after six months , which was my fault for not running vinegar through the machine at least every month . Keurig promptly replaced the machine . The second Machine lasted a little over a year , and even with constant cleaning and maintenance , the brewer quit working properly after a little over a year . Keurig , to their credit , replaced the machine once more -LRB- even though the year warranty was over -RRB- . The third machine quit working after over a year , even with constant cleaning and maintenance . Below are a list of Pro 's , Cons and likely problems you will run into with a Keurig brewer.Pros : large variety of K-cups to fit every taste and style.Cool looking machineCons : By its nature , it is only a one cup brewer.Price of the Machine is very high compared to other coffee brewers.Price of K-cups is far more per cup than a traditional 12 cup coffee brewer.Size of the machine -LRB- takes up a lot counter space -RRB- . Cleaning and Maintenance is a pain and occurs far more often than traditional brewers.THESE MACHINES ARE SIMPLY UNRELIABLE and break down/stop working for one reason or another every few months.Problems you will experience with a Keurig Brewer -LRB- and these are not operator error -RRB- : Only brews half a cupwill not brew a cup at alloverflows the cupFlakes of coffee grounds can sometime fall into cupWill not intake water into the system out of the resevoirI 've given Keurig 3 years of trial and will not go back to this brewer , or any other . The cost is far to high for such a brewer for it to break down completely after a year or less . Making coffee is not a difficult process , and all Keurig has done is shrink the process . I just threw my last keurig brewer in the trash and bought a 12 cup coffee brewer for far less money for the machine and for the cost per cup . In my opinion , Keurig is a novelty product and the novelty has passed.I would not recommend this product or any other Keurig product to a friend .
 First one died about three days before the warranty expired so Keurig replaced it -LRB- short cups , descale light came on even when descaled the day before , etc. -RRB- . Second one lasted about six months -- died of the same unnatural causes . I gave up since reviews for other single serve brands were n't much better in terms of reliability , but after a few months of making a full pot of coffee and throwing half away -LRB- and waiting around for it to brew -RRB- , I tried again . This time I got the Office Pro since those reviews indicated it was more reliable . It was -- for just over a year . It began to die about a month ago . Again , short cups and descale light comes on even though it has been descaled using the recommended descale products . I descaled it yesterday for roughly the fourth time in ten days . Second cup I brewed after the descale was short . Four cups of coffee later the descale light is on again . Given how much I spent on these machines and how short the life span is , I figure I could go to Starbucks every day and still save money . For now I 'm using the AeroPress until I figure out if any of the single brew coffeemakers are worth the money .
 Received this for Christmas and the coffee tastes absolutely terrible . Every cup has a plastic aftertaste , does n't matter if it is from a K-cup or if it is my own coffee . I have 1 -RRB- received a new plastic reservoir from Keurig and this did not fix it . 2 -RRB- Ran vinegar through the old and new reservoirs about 10 times , varying strengths each time . I ran the reservoirs through the dishwasher as well . Keurig is sending an entirely new unit , but I do n't think it is going to help because I think the Chinese plastics they are using on this $ 180 brewer are the issue , and they leech the smells/taste into your coffee . My Uncle/Aunt have bought 2 of these and returned both because of the plastic taste . They now use a regular brewer again . My old Keurig B40 is on its last leg , but the coffee tastes INFINITELY better from it , so I am using it while this shining `` Platinum '' edition sits on our counter , looking pretty while churning out s@#4&y; coffee . A lot of people do n't complain about the plastic taste , but I believe that taste buds are different and some people are more sensitive to the plastic taste than others . There is DEFINITELY something wrong with the way Keurig is manufacturing their systems right now , because if you type in `` Keurig plastic '' into Google , you will see thousands of complaints . I guess when my B40 dies I will use my free Gevalia coffeemaker . It is n't as convenient , but at least the coffee tastes good and I wo n't have to worry about developing some disease 10 years from now from drinking plastic-laden coffee every morning.It really is inexcusable that Keurigs should have this problem . Seriously , type in `` Keurig plastic '' and see the litany of complaints about this very issue . The customer service people were quite rude as well , although they have sent a replacement coffeemaker so I guess there 's that . If the replacement fixes the issue I will update this review , but I am not holding my breath at all .
 I am now on my 5th machine replacement B70 . Most of the machines lasted 6-8 months and usually suffered from short cup syndrome . One we had , displayed the prime message , but was fixed with turning it off and on.I finally realized why they are so willing to send you a new machine so easy . Think about all the money , they make off the K cups . Too bad we use the adaptor to use our own coffee . In all my years using this I will never attempt a descale again as it is a waste of energy and vinegar as it has not helped me one bit , but drain my wallet.I kinda wonder how many replacements I will get down the road from now !
 I purchased my Keurig 3 years ago as well as one for friends as a gift . Both machines broke within a month of each other with same problem . I am so incredibly disappointed . I loved this machine ! It is great while it lasts . But beware , it is not built to last long term . Like other reviewers mentioned , Keurig offered to sell me another at $ 79 . My friend I gave it to was much luckier ; they actually replaced hers even though it was out of warranty .
 I received this brewer as a Christmas present last year . Less than a year later it began spewing warm -LRB- not hot -RRB- water and would n't even produce a small cupful of that . I complained and the company quickly agreed to replace it . A few days later , TWO -LRB- not one -RRB- replacement brewers arrived on our doorstep , one of which we sent back but left me wondering how that could have happened.A couple of weeks later the second brewer began screwing up the same way , but finally corrected itself after we wasted a few K-Cups . We are convinced there is a design flaw in this brewer and our plan now , once the K-Cups are gone , is to go back grinding our own coffee and brewing it in the old coffee maker that never failed us . I give the company an A for service and for standing behind their product . I give them an F for their product and think it is simply too sophisticated for its own good.Bottom line , two machines out of two received from the company did not work as advertised . The company offered to replace the second one too , but we said no thanks -- we 're done with Keurig brewers . When they work , they 're wonderful . When they do n't -LRB- which is often -RRB- , they 're dreadful .
 I received this B70 for Christmas last year . It retails at around $ 179.00 . It worked great for the first 8-9 months.Then it suddenly would not produce coffee . The amount of water was about 90 mls . when making coffee.We used filtered water from the refrigerator . Seems you need to purchase a filter that inserts into the water tank.This sells for another $ 15 - $ 20 . I cleaned the pot with white vinegar throughly . It made one cup and then went back to doingThe same of thing of producing 60-90 mls of hot water per brewing . I would set the amount of water desired on the highest amountto the next to the highest . This made no difference as it still did the same amount.Because this was a gift I could do nothing about it . I did noticed that the friends the gift came from had purchase the samemaker . Theirs was doing the same thing after about 8 months . They had trashed theirs and purchased another one!If these makers are supposed to work with a filter for $ 179.00 you would think it would come with the filter.I see their a numerous complaints about this maker .
 I purchased my B70 on September 24 , 2010 and it has been a great machine until today . This morning it has failed . It will not make coffee , the LCD says `` Brewing '' but nothng comes out . The unit comes with a one year warranty , which ended September 24 , 2011 , 17 days ago . There is very little troubleshooting information available in the book that comes with the uit and even less on the Keurig website . When the machine works it makes a great cup of coffee , but for what I paid for it , I would expect it to last more than a year and 17 days . The standard Mr. Coffee pot it replaced was almost five years old and only cost $ 39.00 but it still works perfectly . Think long and hard before purchasing this unit , because sooner or later , it will fail.UPDATE
 First off I will say these were n't purchased from Amazon . I love ordering from Amazon and their customer service . These reviews are strictly for the product itself.I have purchased 2 of these and the first , while cleaned regularly , became so filled with deposits that I did n't want to use it and could n't get it cleaned out . It quit filling the cup with the amount of water set for the brew size and only filled the cup with about 3 or 4 ounces . Finally gave up on it and purchased another model -LRB- better one than the first . It totally stopped working 1 month after the warranty expired , of course ! I also have a co-worker who brought one in to work and it sounds like a jet plane taking off . All 3 are Keurig , different models . I 'm done with Keurig .
 Keurigs-just plain suck ! I am now on my 4th Machine in 18 months . I have had to return three machines back to Costco because they each stopped working after 3-7 months of ownership . I called Keurig after the last one failed and they wanted me to wait 10 days for a new unit ; I told them to stuff it ! After I finish using all the previously purchased pods with my new unit , I am finished with Keurigs . It is not worth the aggravation of my wife waking me up to tell me the machine is not working . I even purchased the filters and descale the machine monthly to no avail . Keurig-you just have a horrible product , period . May your company rest in peace .
 Concept
 Well , now we are a little leery about replacing , but we have invested in about 5 boxes of K-cups -LRB- taking advantage of sales at Kohl 's -RRB- soo . . this is going back to Costco tomorrow . We read the reviews but thought that the newer models had replaced the older ones-guess not . We had been using bottled water entire time so we knew in 2 months it was n't a build up issue . It 's short-cupping and going back .
 I purchased my Keurig Platinum series brewer a little over one year ago . For the first few months , the brewer was working just fine . I cleaned it on a regular basis , the cup size was just right . After about 6 months I started having problems with the brewer . I did get short-cups every day . Following the instructions on the Keurig website to fix short-cups did not help either . A few weeks ago the brewer did not pump water . Sometimes it did pump water after turning the unit on and off a few times , but not enough for a decent size cup of coffee . I called Keurig , the walked me through the same steps I 've already taken , but no improvement to the machine . They did send me two boxes of K-Cups to use with my broken brewer that ca n't make coffee for `` the inconvenience this has caused '' !? Now , another couple of weeks later and one year after my purchase the brewer is not working at all . As soon as I turn on the power button , water keeps running through the machine until the water reservoir is empty . I would not buy another Keurig . In my opinion , the brewer should last a little longer than one year ; I would expect a better quality for a $ 180 coffee brewer .
 I 've had this Keurig now for two weeks . I hate it . This is the way it 's SUPPOSED to work
 First off , the Keurig B70 makes great coffee . And the K cup system is great.However , this B70 sounds and feels like it 's grinding coffee . Every time one brews a cup of coffee , the machine vibrates before and after the cup is filled . If I leave a spoon on the drip plate , it will vibrate off . I 've tried placing the B70 on various vibration absorbing materials , but it does n't help . I 've spoke with Keurig customer service twice , and they tell me this vibration is normal for the B70 . I wish I could have seen it in action prior to purchase .
 I read the poor reviews and ignored them -LRB- my bad ! -RRB- . However , all those reviews about the poor performance of this product were spot on ! You will only own it about a month and it will stop producing a cup of coffee or give you more than one -LRB- make sure you have a pyrex measuring cup on stand by to handle the overflow -RRB- . When you call the company for a solution , they will give you all sorts of information on how you CAN FIX THEIR FAULTY EQUIPMENT !!!!!!!!! . Yes , I descaled my equipment , yes I have used a paper clip to make sure the coffee basket was not clogged , yes , I have turned the machine off and on . LISTEN PEOPLE AT KERURIG
 I love the coffee , although it is weaker than I would like when I brew larger sizes and I wish the coffee was a little hotter . For the larger coffee sizes I use GM 's Dark Magic flavor and this solves the flavor problem . Now to my BIG problem with this machine - it keeps malfunctioning on me . I bought it in December , 2006 and by February 2007 it read `` Not Ready '' on the display panel for no apparent reason and refused to brew . Customer service was great - replaced it within 5 days , but by May , 2007 it happened again . I am now on my 3rd B70 in less than 5 months and I am starting to think there is some defect with this machine . I take care of it , it is plugged into an outlet with no other appliances , we have had no power outtages , yet it keeps breaking down . It gets a good workout - 5-6 cups of coffee or tea a day , but still . A friend of the family had the same issue with his machine and is now on his 2nd B70 . I had a Krups coffee maker for 18 years before I replaced it with the Keurig , so as you can imagine I am quite disappointed that a $ 200 coffee maker keeps breaking down . Call me pessimistic , but I fully expect to have problems a couple months down the line with # 3 . Friends and family have other Keurig models and have not encountered this problem , so if # 3 breaks , I will move on to another model or another brand .
 I received this Keurig for Christmas from a friend who had one and loved it . It quickly became our go-to for coffee , tea , hot chocolate and chai as our traditional brewer sat collecting dust . Bought the folks one for their Anniversary and they were tickled pink . All the siblings learned about it and decided to purchase their own . Unfortunately , all of these have the same problem
 I have had 2 Keurig coffee brewers in the last 2 years . Neither one has made it one year . Considering the investment , I would think Keurig could make a brewer that lasts past the warranty period . Just woke up this morning and my 2nd Keurig quit working without any warning . Keurig replaced the first one for the same reason . When they replaced the first coffee brewer under warranty , we were told that they would not replace this one if we had any problems . I will contact them regardless . By the way , I have followed all of the instructions to de-scale -LRB- even though it was not time to do so and we do n't have hard water -RRB- and have cleaned the water resevoir , etc. . I only use filtered water anyway . Nothing comes out of the dispenser , not even the vinegar for descaling . Of course as luck would have it , I just bought more K-cups for the holidays !
 Got a new B70 because the older model never got the water hot enough . I was told this one would DEFINITELY get hot enough.Set the machine to 191 degrees and not one cup -LRB- of the first three cups brewed -RRB- ever got above 155 -LRB- with three different thermometers -RRB- . So , if you do n't drink your coffee in 7 minutes ... you 're drinking a warm cup.JUNK JUNK JUNK.I hate friggen wasting money.Back it goes tomorrow .
 Second machine is starting to act up like the first . I would like a machine that works for longer than a month .
 My machine was bought last year as a christmas present , over the last month it has been acting up , well yesterday it just stopped pulling water . I followed the web site instructions for a full cleaning , and it still did not pull water . I performed regular descaling about every two to three months and cleaned the needles/screens every few weeks . I 'm an old electronic tech so this morning I pulled out my tools and a multi and discovered the pump was receiving dc voltage but it was not turning when triggered . Anyhow , very disappointing that this thing breaks a year after purchase . I 'm going to look at the cuisineart for my next machine , it has reported less issues with the system .
 Horrible machine . Worked great at first but then starts clogging up and must be cleaned with a paper clip . I recently tasted the Nespresso coffee and it is amazing .
 I am regretting my decision to replace my Tassimo machine with a Keurig . I had my Bosch Tassimo brewer for 3 years before it started experiencing a small problem , but since Keurig had such a larger selection of cups , I decided I would make the switch . After reading all of the reviews , I stupidly thought I could be immune to the problem with these machines , but I was wrong . My brewer 's box said the brewer was manufactured 2 months ago , so it was the latest version and it had a larger capacity water well . I went to start my tenth cup of coffee and the water was no longer being pumped through enough to make a 1/4 cup of coffee or hot water . After following the cleaning instructions , including using a paper clip to clean out the holes in the piercer -LRB- why do n't they just include a cleaning tool ? -RRB- , there was no improvement . I contacted tech support who did n't sound the least bit surprised that this was happening and they are sending me a new unit . I do n't have much hope for this brewer lasting much longer than the warranty period ... and definitely ca n't imagine me using it for 3 years like my Tassimo . If -LRB- err , WHEN -RRB- my next brewer fails , I will have to carefully think about whether to stay with Keurig or not . How could this problem be ignored for so long ?
 I have purchase 3 different Keurig machines over the last 2 years . In every case they fail to stop brewing with-in 1 year of purchase . The descaling procedure works but only lasts for 6-8 brews!I then tried to Cuisinart and returned it after 1st use as the flow was so bad that I could have brewed a pot faster . So I have a lot of K-cups and no good way to brew them!Would really like something that works . If you have n't bought a k-cup machine I WOULD NOT . Its a great idea but so far the quality of their machines is more than terrible .
 Like so many others , my Keurig B70 started malfunctioning after 16 months . It started short-cupping me , so that I 'd have to hit the brew button 3 times to make a cup of coffee . By the way , this started very shortly after one of my regular descaling procedures , so I do n't think scale is the problem with my brewer , although the service people insist that it 's a scale problem . Their thing to get you off the phone seems to be `` You need to descale more often '' and `` You must use bottled water '' . The company does not seem to stand behind their product , and the only thing they can do now is give me $ 30 off a new brewer , $ 130 instead of $ 170 , which I think is laughable . Why would I want to get another brewer that may give up after only 1-2 years ?
 i bought this brewer after reading reviews and watching tv demos on shopping channels . i had been using a french press for several years and a black and decker one cup drip machine at my office for many years . i felt the cost was excessive for both the machine and the cups but i wanted to treat myself and since the press coffee always had sediment in my cup which i didnt like i finally gave in and spent all that money . well im drinking coffee from my old french press as i type this . the big keurig has died . i have done all the maintence and by the way have just bought new filters for 32 dollars a pack and another 60 dollars in k-cups which i cant use unless i open them and dump them out . i ran vinegar through the machine a gallen last night hoping that was the answer . but this morning same thing no response to my programming . the only thing they recommend is send it back for repair . well to ship it and repair would be the cost of a new one so its going in the trash can . i wont give up on the single brew that i enjoy though , i have ordered from amazon a brand new brewer a black and decker cup at a time for a bit over 14.00 and it takes melitta filters another 12 bucks and i can use coffee bought for a fraction of the k-cup prices . best of all the keurig lasted 8 months and every black and decker i ever bought lasted about 2 years . WHAT WAS I THINKING ? i feel cheated and foolish to buy into the hype the coffee is every bit if not better made in the cheaper machine and ill be wiser next time . by the time i get all the coffee out of those k-cups and put in my cannister the new black and decker should be here . i would NEVER recommend this to anyone !!!!!
 Coffee taste is awful . Expensive buying small tubs of coffee when you can only get one cup of coffee . Wish I could get my money back
 Surprise ... Surprise ... Surprise ! My Keurig B70 Plantinum also suddenly stopped working . The water will get hot , but when I push the button to brew it will not pump water out . It does pump water into the boiler but once it 's ready for brewing -- Nothing ! I have done research about how to fix it including hitting the bottom a few times , cleaning the intake under the water container , descaling , using a paper clip to remove possible clogging , using kitchen sink sprayer to force water through the water intake to clear possible clogging , removed the bottom metal plate and removed the plastic pump cover to check for clogging . Nothing has worked so far . Maybe I will eventually figure it out ; Then again , maybe the motor has to be replaced ?! The bottom line is that this problem should n't be happening to so many people . Let 's be honest , this brewer is really nothing but an expensive piece of junk . The pump problems effect other Keurig models as well . Just watch the various Youtube videos of people who are giving tips about fixing and you will notice other models are effected . So I expect Keurig to continue to manufacture the same junk -- at least until enough people simply give it a pass when it comes to buying its products.I know it 's not an easy decision to pass on Keurig because there are very few alternatives , such as Cuisinart 's Single Serve Brewing System , which also apparently has similar pump problems . Even the Mr. Coffee Single-Serve version which uses `` KEURIG TECHNOLOGY '' has many negative reviews . So again , it looks like Keurig strikes again and is now making Mr. Coffee look bad . But at least Mr. Coffee 's version is only $ 79 as opposed to $ 160 or more for Keurig 's B70 Platinum junk . Even the $ 299 Breville BKC700XL Gourmet Single-Serve Coffeemaker with Iced-Beverage Function has many negative reviews . Why ? Because it too uses KEURIG TECHNOLOGY.My advice if you are going to take a chance with Keurig junk is to save the receipt , save the box and be aware that chances are you will have problems with this coffee maker in about a year or less . If you plan on giving a Keurig as a gift , especially to a family member , again , save the receipt and ask the person to save or give you the box and let the person know that if it breaks down to let you know , so you can return it .
 I had purchased this unit for my wife for her birthday awhile back here on Amazon.com . Amazon did a great job shipping the unit safely to my front door in a timely manner . My wife absolutely loved this machine and so did I . We used it every morning for coffee or tea . After a couple months the unit stopped working and just displayed the words Brew temp on the LCD panel . We tired unplugging it and plugging it in again and using different outlets etc. . After about a week we plugged it in again and it started working again ! We were so relieved ! After about another month the unit began to display the Brew Temp message again and has never worked since . Now I have a useless coffee maker that cost over 100 dollars . I 'm back to my 12 dollar coffee maker that I have had since the late 90s . It has never let me down.Overall this is a great unit when it works . After that you are left with an expensive paper weight . Do n't waste your money with these units until Keurig starts getting better in the department of QA !
 I have been a K-Cup user for several years , making three or four cups a day with my Keurig Mini . I bought a B-70 because I liked the idea of a water reservoir . Everything about the machine works great -- it 's sleek , fast , and quiet . Unfortunately , the coffee is terrible . It 's weak and watery , like instant . As anyone who really cares about coffee knows , brewing is not a fast process . The coffee must soak in the water long enough to release the oils and flavor . This machine makes coffee almost instantaneously , which is impressive , but bad . It seems like the K-Cup does n't even slow the water down as it pours out of the machine.Please do n't tell me that I need to switch to a stronger K-Cup . I use the Newman 's Extra Bold , and with my Keurig Mini I get a rich , dark , flavorful cup of coffee . The coffee from the B-70 is n't even close . And please do n't tell me to use two K-Cups or pack the reusable filter cup with my own fresh ground . I do n't want workarounds . I just want the same cup of coffee from the B-70 that I get from my Mini -LRB- which by the way is half the price -RRB- . And that appears to be impossible .
 I had owned a Senseo single cup coffee machine and had read so much about the keurig that I decided to take the plunge and get the top of the line B70 with which you can be the individual filter cup to use your own coffee . Well , I finished up my Senseo pods 2 days ago , and put the machine to sleep momentarily . I opened my Keurig and filter . I have made two cups of coffee with my own Starbucks coffee and both were very weak . I filled the filter cup with Decaf Expresso recommended by the manager at the Starbucks store which is bold , and I like a substantial cup of coffee , so I chose the default mug size and it was watery . Then I tried the next to largest size and it was colored water . I thought the machine had a brewing choice , but obviously not . What a waste of money . I hope Keurig takes it back , as I am going back to my Senseo .
 Love the product , B70 , when it works . Love the choice of coffees and the design . The problem is the unit keeps cutting off for no reason , meaning each time we 'd like coffee , we have to wait for the unit to essentially reboot . Also , the amount of coffee portioned out seems to vary even when using the same setting . Took it back and heard many others are having the same problem with the unit shutting off . Too bad . I 'm going to give the second unit a chance because we like the concept ... but the unit must be reliable . We 'll look for other options if this one also fails . Keurig is missing a grand brand-building opportunity , given they own the market . Quality control seems to be an issue.Keurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup Home Brewing System
 have used the product for two months . . then stopped working . . water in reservoir fails to transfer . . tried all suggested solutions in owners manual . . nothing worked . . so i guess i just junk it . . what a crappy product
 I have owned several of the pod maker style coffeemakers and none can equal this unit . We have using this maker for about a month and it is the best I have ever owned !! The coffee is the same each cup and is fast.Now I want to see how long ths unit lasts ! We use itseveral times a day , every day.Well a year and 3 months later and the machine is having problems . For the price charged and needs to be replaced in less than 2 years ... total waste of money !!! I will not buy this high $ $ $ maker again .
 This coffee maker is great ... when it works . We are on our 3rd -LRB- and final -RRB- machine . Our first lasted not quite a year and a half . The pump went bad . It was past warranty , but Keurig sold us a new one for a discounted price . That one lasted just under a year . Same thing , bad pump . Keurig replaced it at no charge . The trouble we have with our current one is the needle clogging . Several times a week , we have to unclog the needle using a paperclip -LRB- per Keurig 's tech support -RRB- to get a cup of coffee . Descaling helps , but does n't cure the clogging . We shake the cups before brewing and/or run a brew cycle with plain water to rinse any coffee grounds out , but it still clogs . We love the convenience of our Keurig , but for all the trouble we have had with these machines , these coffee makers are definitely not worth the expense . When this one dies , it will not be replaced . Our advice ? Save yourself a headache and buy a grinder/brewer combo instead .
 Great coffee for a year . During the year my Platinum was chugging away both my mother and mother-in-law went through the two other lower model Keurigs . My mom 's kept on dying and my mother in law 's was so loud it would wake her husband up when she ran it . She said she called Keurig and they told it that the makers are loud and if she did n't like it the higher models were quieter.Me , I just got off the phone with keurig . It was about a 40 minute conversation and it was completely un-helpful . Maybe when a tech calls me back within the next 24 to 48 hours I will get some technical support . I 'm frustrated . I have cleaned the needle and we clean our machine so what 's the deal?I would n't recommend a Keurig . Sure , it 's great coffee , but it 's expensive to constantly buy K-cups , the filter works okay , but the coffee is really weak and coffee makers like this have way more breakable parts that trust me ... do break . Get one if you have disposible income and are not easily frustrated by replacing fairly new parts or replacing complete units .
 We bought this as an upgrade since it has more choices for brew size . Like many others , it quit working after a few months . Keurig customer service was no help . We went back to the B60 which has been reliable .
 We have had this coffee maker for just over a year . Worked fine until just over a year . Then it died , does not push water out . Tried email and calling the Keurig support , absolutely worthless . Complete waste of time . For the price of this unit , I expect something that will last longer than the warranty time .
 I absolutely LOVE this coffee maker . It 's quick and easy to make a cup . It looks stylish . Only thing is it broke after a month . The machine automatically shuts itself off now as it 's finishing making a cup . Good news is Keurig is very responsive and they 're sending me a new one . Fingers crossed for better luck this time . Only other complaint would be the coffee does n't get hot enough . Even at the highest temperature , it cools down very quickly so you have to drink up quick . All this said , I 'd still buy it all over again . Great convenience -LRB- when it works -RRB- and good tasting coffee.UPDATE
 This is a difficut review to make . When the unit worked , I really liked the machine . Despite being noisy , I was pleased with the coffee and the convenience of one cup service.Depending on when it stops working -LRB- and it will stop working -RRB- , you may or may not have any recourse with Keurig . My B70 was working perfectly one day and the next day it had the dreaded `` Not Ready '' phrase displayed on the indicator . No warning signs . Just immediate and complete failure of the unit . The Keurig B70 has a defect in the water heating element . Do some Internet searching and you will find many dissatisfied consumers . Keurig seems to handle the warranty claims in a professional manner and on occasion , will extend the warranty to keep the customer happy . You can typically expect them to reconcile a defective unit up to 18 months past the purchase date . The real problem lies outside the 18 month period . They wo n't offer a replacement . They do n't fix the broken unit . They wo n't sell you a replacement heating unit . Their only solution is to have you throw out the old unit and they may give you a discount off a brand new one.Personally , I would expect a $ 200.00 appliance to last five or more years . If such an expensive unit failed , I would expect to have the option to repair it and not fill a landfill with a very new looking appliance . This policy is environmentally irresponsible .
 I had heard good things about your coffee maker and talked my husband into spending $ 139.00 for this item in December 2010 . Here it is in February 2011 and it no longer makes coffee . Water heats up but it does not brew , I am very disappointed in this item . While it was working it was great not it is worthless .
 I shopped around and read reviews about several of the single cup brewing systems on the market . After much deliberation I decided on the Keurig B70 Platinum system . On Monday of the next week I started using the machine and it was dead by Friday morning . The screen says ready to brew but it will not brew a cup of coffee . It makes a lot of noise , but only a few drips of water come out . I called customer service and they stated the pump used in this model has been known to cause problems . They no longer repair/fix the machine but they would replace it if I wanted to pay for shipping -LRB- both ways -RRB- and a possible fee to diagnose the problem . Obviously I do not think I should have to pay anything to have a -LSB- ... -RSB- system replaced after less than a week of use . Save your money ... this model has several known issues . Buyer beware .
 I am editing this review - I really liked these coffee makers - they just do n't last . I 've had two and both have died within a year . I would n't purchase again.I purchased this brewer after having the B60 at my office . This brewer makes a fabulous cup of coffee , in silence . If you 're researching on whether to buy the B60 or B70 . . spring for the $ 30 more in price . The B60 is very loud and the B70 is nice and quiet.It 's just such a pleasure to be able to accommodate everyone 's individual tastes of flavored coffee , tea , hot chocolate , a mild blend or a bold blend without having to brew a separate pot of coffee or have tea kettles . This brewer even has an iced drink setting . I have n't tried it yet , but I think it 's going to be awesome this summer.There are many , many different K-Cups to try . It 's difficult to choose so you need to keep a list of what you like from the samples they send you with the brewer.Happy brewing !
 We are on our third B-70 in two and half years . I regret having ever recommended this coffee system to friends and family . Our household brews about 6 cups a day , after about six months the machine would start making short cups after another couple of months the machine just stopped working . We cleaned our second and third machine twice a month and still had the same problem . Of the dozen friends and family that purched or received as a gift from us a B-70 , everyone is on at least their second some on their third machine . While it does make very good coffee having to replace a the machine every 8 months is very annoying . We have gone back to brewing coffee the old fashion drip way . It 's cheaper and we do n't have to feel guilty about throwing those little plastic coffee pods .
 UPDATE 01.28.12 : Ca n't even give this piece of junk away , everyone I offer it to says `` Yeah , no thanks , a friend of mine has one and HATES it . `` This thing is garbage , and that 's where it ended up . Thanks Keurig for adding your huge pile of junk `` coffee '' maker to our local landfill , at my expense.UPDATE 06.21.11 : I wish I could give negative stars , this item does n't even deserve A star . Even my wife finally gave up and admitted that a regular coffee pot is both easier and faster to use and of course actually makes good coffee . This awful Keurig POS does n't make `` coffee '' at all , it makes coffee-flavored water that 's barely drinkable.DO NOT waste your money on this hunk of cr@p, once again ... expensive , wasteful , inconvenient and it makes utterly awful coffee . Ours is GONE , and I regret having wasted the time to own it.UPDATE 03.02.11 : I officially hate this item . If zero stars were an option this would get it . If you use the K-cups it 's convenient but the coffee is watery cr@p and you 'll generate tons of garbage even if you only drink moderate amounts of coffee . You can run the brewer twice , but really ? For $ 300 I have to run it twice just to get a decent cup of coffee ? And compared to regular coffee the K-cups are expensive.If you want to use regular coffee you can use the My K-Cup insert but it 's completely inconvenient and wastes tons of water to clean the stupid filter holder thingy.Basically ... if you want to drop $ 300 for expensive , watery coffee ... or if you just want a nice hassle every morning to clean a fiddly little insert over and over ... this is your brewer.But if you just want decent coffee quickly with virtually no waste , no mess and no hassle ... spend $ 20 on a one-cup brewer . Even if it breaks once a year you can buy a new one every year for 15 years before you reach the cost of this POS Keurig , and the amount of garbage generated will be significantly less too.ORIGINAL REVIEW : Bought this item for my wife . All the reviews saying that it makes incredibly weak coffee are 100 % accurate , but that 's not the only issue . There are many basic failures with this device , none of them individually bad enough to warrant a 1 star rating but when gathered together ... pretty close . Here 's my issues ... 1 . This is just a mind-boggling oversight on something like this IMO ... there 's 5 sizes you can brew , from tea cup to travel mug ... but the brewer does n't in * any * way change what it does based on the size of cup you choose ... so if you brew tea-cup size you get a bitter overly-strong cup . If you brew travel mug size you get brownish coffee-flavored water . So instead of getting a consistent , evenly strong cup of coffee across all 5 cup sizes the flavor and strength of the coffee varies wildly between cup sizes .2 . At normal cup size the coffee , even when using `` dark roast '' k-cups , is anemic and tasteless .3 . Wasteful on several levels , starting with the fact that if you brew using a k-cup the coffee is weak , if you brew again with the same k-cup in the machine ... there 's PLENTY of coffee left in there ... so if you toss a K-cup away after one use you just wasted 50 % of the coffee you paid for .4 . Also using the K-Cups generates huge amounts of garbage . If you have a family of two coffee drinkers who drink a cup twice a day you generate 4 pieces of garbage per day just from this device . Does n't sound like much , but multiply that by 7 days a week and by lord knows how many families ... that 's a lot of garbage .5 . The available `` My k-cup '' filter that allows you to use your own ground coffee is tremendously wasteful of water and also brews a very weak cup . It 's a major PITA to clean and you 'll use more water just getting it cleaned up for the next use than you 'll use in two or three cups of coffee . Massively inconvenient and not water-conscious at all . Mind you I 'm not tree hugger , so when a device makes me aware of how much garbage it generates and how much water it wastes ... there 's a problem .6 . Splashes coffee out of cups as it brews.So basically ... choose your poison
 While the Keurig makes a decent single cup of coffee , the reviews that say its well-made and well-designed apparently have n't owned a Keurig for very long . I have owned three Keurig makers and each one has had mechanical or electrical problems which showed-up just as soon as the warranty ran out . Just so you all are aware BEFORE you buy Keurig
 I have had two Keurig B-70 Platinum brewers . I sold both in garage sales for pennies on the dollar . The first brewer right out of the box simply could not brew the cup size I selected . Internet search revealed many with the same problem , apparently with the internal pump . Customer Service was of little help , suggesting de-scaling etc. , but this brewer was BRAND NEW!I bought a second one , putting the first on the shelf in my garage . The second brewer worked fairly well until it came time to de-scale . -LSB- The coffee just dribbled out and took forever to fill the cup . No `` de-scale warning light '' had signaled a problem . -RSB- I de-scaled the brewer no less that 4 times following their directions to a ` T ' ; plus cleaned the needle with a paper clip -LRB- as directed -RRB- , all to no avail . The Keurig brewers were just not worth the hassle . I do n't recommend them.Now do n't get me wrong , the K-cup is the ONLY was to drink coffee . I went from a coffee lover to a coffee addict :o-RRB- In fact , using a monthly auto-delivery , I have purchased over 2700 K-cups ! After doing some research I ordered the Cuisinart K-cup brewer SS-700 . It is a nicer looking machine , has a larger water reservoir , has a internal water filtering system , and stores the reusable coffee filter in a compartment within the machine.So far I am very pleased with this machine and I would recommend it highly based on my dissatisfaction with the Keurig brewers .
 I have owned FIVE keurig machines in the past year and a half . Why , you may ask ? Well , because , in short , this machine is a piece of JUNK . The first one stopped brewing , I called and they sent me a new one -LRB- told me to throw out the old one -RRB- and 2 free boxes of kcups . Next one does the same , repeat process mentioned earlier . Next one comes out of the box NOT WORKING AT ALL , cue # 4 -LRB- and each time , they tell me to throw it out and they send me 2 free boxes of kcups , woop-dee-doo -RRB- . # 4 stops working in April so I am currently on # 5 , and guess what ? After descaling it as a good owner should -LRB- as per the owner 's manual -RRB- , the darned thing starts brweing the incorrect cup size nearly every time I use it -LRB- I program it for the 3rd largest cup but it 's only brewing me the second largest , waste of pricey cups and cheated out of nice cup of joe ! -RRB- SO , I am now waiting for corporate to call me back for 5 days now -LRB- they have bad weather wherever they are , they are truly sorry i have n't been called back -RRB- , but I am the one suffering again . My husband just wants to take it and break it with a sledgehammer but I told him no , we need SOMETHING for our aggravation , right ? So , here I am forewarning you . . save the 150 bucks or whatever they grossly overcharge for this piece of junk and instead , buy a good solid Cuisinart old school 12 cup brewer , kinda like the one i had to pull out of my basement each time that darned Keurig broke !
 What a great cup of coffee !!!! That is , when it works which is getting worse each day . One day it will deliver a nice cup of coffee - the next it will churn and grind and either deliver a partial cup or a few drops . I use only distilled water and have followed the descaling instructions . And of course , the warranty has just expired . This seems to be a common problem as it has also happened to several friends . I would not recommend this to anyone . I would 've given it a one star but it did provide about a year of good coffee .
 This thing was n't cheap but we had used one in a hotel and thought it was pretty cool . So , my wife and I did the math on how much we would save if it helped her kick her Starbucks habit . At coffee shop prices , we justified the purchase in our minds . It was a Christmas gift to each other , so , we completely overlooked the environmental impact of tossing all those K-cups in a landfill . It was still a cool novelty , super convenient and we were loving it . About 4 months in , the thing started acting funny . It kept turning off , sometimes as it was starting up and sometimes mid-brew . So , I called it in and they got me a new one . I was very pleased with the customer service and still in bliss . About a year later and out of warranty , the replacement one was only brewing half cups and just acting funny . So , I descaled it -LRB- a 4.5 hour process you have to do with vinegar to clean it every 3 months if you want it to work properly -RRB- . In the process , it stopped drawing any water/vinegar at all . It would flash ready then flash brewing for 3-4 minutes and flash back to ready never dispensing any liquid . So , I called it in again to see if they had any suggestions and was told to clean the needles with a paper clip . The procedure suggests unplugging the machine . Mine was mid-brew cycle but nothing was coming out , so , I unplugged it . After that , it now fails to even turn on . The customer service folks pretty much said , yep , it is broken but were able to offer me a new machine for $ 117 which I declined.I 'd chalk it up to us using it a fair amount but our neighbors had issues with theirs and my in-laws had issues with the one we bought for them as well . Bottom line , we used it all the time and it was a neat novelty while it lasted but will find something else . So , if you are looking , just keep in mind , reliability does n't seem to be one of this product 's benefits . I 'm not sure I 'd expect it to last more than a year or two . So , plan on needing to have to pay to replace it and enjoy it while it lasts .
 I Got the B70 for Christmas 2010 and it worked fine for about 9 months , then it would shut off before even making a cup of coffee . No matter what setting I used in the menu , it would always shut off after making one cup . The cup volume started getting smaller and smaller and the machine started getting louder and louder.It was finally so bad that I took it back to a retailer who miraculously exchanged it for the identical new model even though I had the machine for 9 months . So I got the new replacement in September of 2011 . Well , it did exactly the same thing . It worked fine until the around the first of May 2012 , and of course nobody is going to exchange this one after all that time . You have to run the machine TWICE to get one cup of coffee . And it shuts down between cups so you have to start the entire process all over again for the second cup . It is no longer convenient and those little cups of coffee are much more expensive than a bag of coffee so there is no longer any benefit to using the machine.I have had Mr. Coffee machines that lasted three or four years that cost $ 30 and I think it is crazy to pay $ 200 for a coffee maker that lasts 9 months . I thought it was just me until I came here and read the other 250 + reviews that state the same thing.Keurig is a great idea , and boy is it convenient WHEN IT WORKS , which is not often enough to justify the expense .
 I use this at my office so it is very convenient . However , each of the 2 different models I purchased quit working in about the same time span of 1 year . Will not spend that much money on one of these again .
 First I want to say how much I LOVE Amazon ... their service , prices and vendors have been great to me . However Quality of a product is not something they have control over . I would give this NEGATIVE stars if I could . I have purchased 3 brewers in as many years . ALL stopped working JUST after the warranty and no amount of fighting with Keurig helped . ALL brewers had exactly the same problem , the pump/water system ! I documented every problem -LRB- when it worked and when it didnt and we had to intervene -RRB- . I documented every descaling -LRB- which was on schedule -RRB- and used FILTERED and BOTTLED water . We presented these records to Keurig . SORRY , YOURE OUT OF WARRANTY was the constant reply . Ok to be fair I was ... and after the first pot , I thought ... yeah , they are right , albeit barely out of warranty . SO I bought another . But when that one had the same problem at almost the exact same time , I was very upset . Again , OUT OF WARRANTY and my record keeping was for not . I was the idiot who bought a THIRD pot !!! I also bought these for my daughters -LRB- sad to say -RRB- before I realized how BAD these are . BOTH of my daughters are now on their SECOND pots in TWO YEARS . Same problem with the pump at almost the same time !! I have now switched to Tassimo -LRB- and one of my daughters did as well when her SECOND went out -RRB- and to my delight the machine is smaller , better , produces better tasting coffee and is a BOSCH -LRB- Great brand -RRB- . So far so good , but time will tell . The moral of this story ? Buyer beware if you decide to purchase this machine .
 The B70 worked fine for about a year or so , then failed . It started giving small amounts of water , then stopped giving water entirely . I read articles on the internet and it appeared that the air pump that pushes the hot water out of the heating tub was what failed . I dismantled the machine enough to get the air pump out . It was totally seized due to rust . I did not take the Keurig apart enough to find out what was leaking onto the motor . I think it was the solenoid . POOR POOR design . Nearly impossible to service . Parts not available if you did want to service it . I do n't know what brand is better , but this one should be avoided .
 I have been buying the keurig coffee maker since it came out . I have owned - MANY . Too many for the numbers of years I have been buying . I love my morning cup of coffee , my mid day cup , my afternoon cup ... and yet , the Keurig is the most frustrating coffee maker on the market !!! It simply stops functioning - and the other reviews are right , it is usually right after warranty . After buying my first few on Amazon.com and having no luck on the return , I started getting them at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . Ordering on Amazon is easiest because it 's a heavy box . I rarely return things I get on Amazon . And this particular purchase simply ca n't be returned after warranty . Bed , Bath , and Beyond has a very liberal return or exchange policy . The Keurig lasts barely a year . I admit , I love this machine and the instant nature of it , and the widening great coffee selections , yummy coffee selections ... and I am almost giving up . I 'm on my 10th or 11th pot - and after the descaling as they constantly tell you to do , my latest machine is once again starting not to work . The first sign is the cup of coffee that pours through is smaller than the cup size you selected . When this happens - if you are still in warranty time - get a new pot . This marks the beginning of the end . The frustration from the time this starts to the time I give up on the pot basically ruins that morning cup of coffee that is supposed to be so great - and is until the pot breaks . I hold my breath hoping the cup size is right , I wonder if it will work . Yes , I 'm clearly obsessed with my first cup of the day . After that , I do n't care . That first cup - well , no one can mess with that ... I do n't have a solution and I still have my pot . I admit I 'm starting to look at the other pots like this out there to see if they are better quality . I 'll say it again - I love this machine . I give it a 5 in concept . The quality just is n't there and for the price of these pots , I really believe we deserve more than a year or less of use .
 I dont write alot of reviews , but felt the need to voice my experience with this product.This seems like a great product . The first one I bought was wonderful - for about 13 months . Was a gift , so when it crapped out , I bought a new one , the new one worked for about 14 months , . Followed all of the instructions on cleaning/repairing and called tech support-customer service , where I was told I had done everything correctly and it sounded like it was just not going to work again . Since the unit was out of warranty , they graciously offered to sell me another one for a discounted price of $ 116 . That would bring my grand total on coffee makers in a little over 2 months to approximately $ 500 plus the cost of the K-cups , which while convenient , they are not cheap at about $ .40 / cup.My advice is to look elsewhere , as this product has a track record of failing within 18 months . Just check the Internet and see all the customer complaints . If you can afford to replace a $ 200 coffee maker every 12-14 months then this is the one for you . Otherwise , there are several very nice coffee makers in the same price range that will last you much longer , be cheaper to operate and make just as good a cup of coffee .
 I bought my Keurig B-70 in Jan of 2010 . Within the first week , the water would not refill from the reservoir . The customer service replaced the machine , but the 2nd one failed to refill as well after couple of weeks of use . I am on my 4th machine within the year , but I 've learned to make it work by removing the reservoir and slamming it down when it does n't refill . However , now from time to time , the machine stops making coffee even though it says it is brewing . I love the fresh coffee it makes with every cup , but it is n't without some frustration .
 We 're on our second `` Platinum '' coffee maker . The first stopped brewing after nearly a year . The company was great with a replacement , especially considering we no longer had the receipt . We did , however register the machine after its purchase . Unfortunately , the replacement has failed and apparently in the same manner as the first one . It shows `` Brewing '' but it is n't , and no water will pump . Others have had the same failure on these machines , also . I have a lot of K-Cups laying around , so maybe I 'll try another brand . Unfortunately , I 've read some of them have `` water pumping '' issues , too . Hard to recommend this product .
 Purchased this coffee machine in 2008 . One year after -LRB- one use per day -RRB- , got the pump to die.Unit had been replaced under warranty by KeurigOne year after , this unit failed again -LRB- pump -RRB- This time Keurig did not provide me with a replacement unit -LRB- whereas the replacement unit was supposed to have one year warranty -RRB- Conclusion
 I have two of these - one for work and one for home . Do they make great coffee ? Yes . Are they convenient ? Yes . Are they expensive ? Yes . I 'm perfectly ok with it being expensive if it makes great coffee for a long time . Unfortunately , you should not expect to get more than 1 year out of it -LRB- my experience and also , I 've recently discovered , that of many others -RRB- . That makes it incredibly more expensive than what you might think when you buy it.Mine has lost its `` umph '' . The flow dribbles out like an old man with a prostate problem . It will not make a full cup of coffee . If I run water through it without a kcup , it works fine . But when it has to push water through the filter , it really ca n't do it anymore . Even though I only run water from a reverse osmosis filter through it , I went ahead and descaled it and , as expected , it did not make a difference . I tried forcing water through it -LRB- as demonstrated by different people on Youtube -RRB- and that did not fix it . I called Keurig . `` It can not be fixed and it is out of warranty '' said the rep. The offered to sell me another one . I said `` No . `` I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do now , but I think it 's time to look into something else.edit 2-17-2013
 I received this as a gift one Christmas . I 'm not one to write bad reviews , but I felt inclined to share my experience with this item . In the first couple of months this Keurig was awesome . After that it stopped making full cups of coffee even when setting on largest cup size ! After close observation , I noticed that as the coffee is brewing , some of the water runs back into the water chamber through the tube . I 'm not sure if this happened before this machine gave me problems . I followed the instructions on cleaning/de-scaling with no luck . I still would get less than a teacup on the largest setting . Ok so this would just be a minor annoyance that I could look past , but after using it after about 7 months , this coffee maker stopped working ! It turns on but will not brew at all , not one drip of coffee . I am very disappointed in Keurig 's products . I will never buy anything else from this brand ! This happens quite often . My in-laws ' machine stopped producing the right amount of coffee . Next , it will probably stop working all together . Please save yourself some cash and stay away from Keurig ! I wish I can give zero stars .
 My wife and I have have 3 Keurig models over the past several years , and we REALLY love the variety of coffee available as well as the convenience and quality of the machines -- UNTIL we bought the B70 . I have bought and returned 4 B70s within the past 4 weeks -- all with the same issue.The problem we experienced is that only a very small amount of water -LRB- 2-3 tablespoons -RRB- is pulled from the reservoir and used to brew . This happens with or without a K-cup , and since one of the machines had this problem right out of the box , I 'm confident it 's not a clogged pin or a machine in need of de-scaling . Simultaneously , the brew-size selector gets stuck on the largest size . If we unplug and replug in the brewer , all the cup size options return until attempting to make a cup of coffee . Then the same issues happen with the small water amount and getting stuck on the large cup size.The first machine -LRB- from Costco -RRB- worked for 2 weeks before having this problem . Machine # 2 -LRB- also from Costco -RRB- failed out of the box . Machine # 3 -LRB- from Bed Bath & Beyond -RRB- worked for 1 day as did machine # 4 -LRB- also from Bed Bath & Beyond -RRB- . -LRB- These machines were clearly not returned/re-stocked items , since all the tissue paper , plastic wrap , protective plastic , etc. was still in place . -RRB- I 've spoken with Keurig customer service who `` is not aware of a consistent issue with the B70 '' . Their suggestion was to return machine # 4 and get one from a different retailer.As I mentioned above , we really do like the Keurig brewers and prefer them over the other single-cup brewers , I 'm going to try one more time before calling it quits and returning to a traditional coffee maker .
 This coffee brewing system as a serious design flaw . The pump stops working after a while and stops pumping water . It says `` brewing '' but nothing comes out . There is no excuse for this happening as I use nothing but filtered water.My coffee machine broke after 3 months , as the pump stopped working . It says `` brewing '' but no water comes out ! I bought a new machine to replace it thinking it was a fluke and after only 5 cups of coffee the exact same problem . For the amount of money they charge for this , this company should be ASHAMED to make such a poor quality product that breaks so easily . This really makes me wonder who exactly it is that writes all these glowing reviews for this product as this is clearly a problem with this machine that still remains unresolved . Do not buy this machine unless you do n't mind paying this kind of money for a fancy brewing system that works for a few weeks or a couple of months .
 I received a B77 as a gift at the end of Nov 2009 . 3 days later it would not push water out through the K-cup . Exchanged it at Costco , worked great until 2 days ago . 1 month of light usage and it 's having problems filling from the reservoir.Going to exchange it for a third but I 'm not confident that the next unit will be trouble free.My brother 's same unit that 's a year old -LRB- and works fine -RRB- had a very loud fill pump.Keurig changed the pump design in the B77 to a small dc motor driven impeller pump . Much much quieter when filling , but apparently can not always overcome the check valve after the pump.I always use RO water , and the unit is only 1 month old so scale is not the issue . I refill the tank when it 's still on the machine , so no air to get in there to screw up the pump 's priming.Google B70 pump problems.Edit
 I 'm on my 2nd Keurig B70 unit in 2 months . Same problem as everyone else . After two weeks of flawless use it sounds like it is pumping water but no water is drawn . It then just turns off . Each unit was less than a month old when it started doing this after each brew . My wife bought it for me for a B-day gift in Nov. 2009 . UPDATE !! -- I just got off the phone with Amazon cust . service and was informed that they will not be sending a 3rd unit to replace but giving us a refund instead . I asked why and was told that they have been having many `` issues '' with this unit and will not longer be carrying it . If that does n't say VOLUMES about this product i do n't what does ! Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money on this unit , find one that works !!
 I have both Keurig and Cuisinart K cup machines ... About me ... I am an embedded systems design engineer and know about control systems and such.Food processing products should only use parts -LRB- components -RRB- in the water / control systems - internal to the coffee maker - that are `` fit for purpose '' as designed to be use with WATER . . as a coffee maker uses water.I have opened several of my failed Keurig and Cusinart K cup machines and found that they are using an AUTOMOTIVE Market Pneumatic Solenoid Valve made in China . . part number SH-V0829 ... Google this number if you want to check and see this . It is designed for auto seat cushon inflation and has a built in LEAK RATE of 1CC/Min at 4 PSI for air compresser unloading used in seat cushon inflation systems . It is NOT WATER PROOF and DRIPS inside the coffee makers in the transformer and the air pump near the bottom getting the electric motor wet and make it smoke . . My coffee maker was way too young to smoke . . hahha just a joke . . The folk that make this coffee maker IN CHINA think most folk are too stupid to find out about their use of cheep and unfit for purpose components inside their coffee maker . I have attached a DOOR and Hinge on the back of one of my coffee makers that I keep repaired personally . . and buy the replacement control solenoids on ebay to keep my coffee maker working ... . THIS SUCKS ... . I was ripped off ... I did not pay for a rusty solenoid that leaks water inside my $ 250.00 coffee machine . When I call Keurig ... they do talk some but avoid the topic of this solenoid . . just reading a standard reply statement ... When I talk to Cuisinart . . they have nothing to say but want my $ 10 for shipping a replacement unit ... also with the same defective solenoid inside of the same type and part number ... I want to like my coffee maker ... . but I do not like being treated like a fool ... My old Mr Coffee has very nice insides ... good design . . and lasted a long time ... I am wanting to see Mr Coffee make a K cup that I would like ... Cuisinart and Keurig are only about making money . . and not delivering INTERNAL quality of their product with this machine . . They come from the SAME China factory ... and they are made using non water proof - no O ring - air only - pneumatic solenoid valves ... The part numbers are on the side of the solenoid if you care to open up your machine and look ... Do not have it plugged in if you do . . safety first . . I hope you like having RUSTY water in your hot water for making tea and coffee ... . the solenoid does rust internally as it is only for air usage ... not made for water exposure ... I have photos and also plan to use this experince in a control system class I teach at a University as an example of poor ethics in business manufacturing ... I need not say how MAD I am over this discovery ... and the lack of interest from the folks that make this product . . Barnum and Bailey . . a sucker is born every minute ... that must be their motto . . I must be a sucker ... THAT SUCKS
 I have now encountered the same problem as so many customers for which I have now read internet reviews . The pump will no longer pump water . Sometimes you can hear it trying and a few drips will come out , but mostly it is just dead now . I have had this a little over a year . Started having problems about six months ago and went online to see if other people have the same problem . I was surprised to see how many people have had the same pump problems with their Keurigs . I have regularly de-scaled , turned it upside down , held my finger over the white plastic piece that pours water into the water container , cleaned the needles , etc. . Had it working well for a couple of months . I 'm the only person that uses this and make only one cup of coffee in the morning , so it 's not like it has been put through the ringer or abused . I got this to save money by not hitting Starbuck 's every morning , but if I have to buy a new machine once a year , then it does n't make sense . I 'm really disappointed as there are a lot of great coffee flavors available . So long Keurig . I will give this one star , because the design is great . Unfortunately , Keurig does not know how build a reliable product .
 After 9 months of constant problems , our Keurig B70 has mercifully died . It seemed to be too weak to pump water from the reservoir to the cup . Tried to use the Keurig water filter , but it would n't pump water through it , had to remove it and use filtered water . Going through the cleaning process seemed to help a little for a few days , but the problems would return quickly . It would pump water into the cup normally for a day or two , then it would get really slow to pick up the water and pump a very weak stream . After a week or so , you would get a full cup of coffee about half the time , otherwise the cup would end up about half full . We had to get very creative to actually get a full cup of coffee without wasting a k-cup . Cleaning it involves running an entire reservoir of vinegar throught it , then running at least that much water through it to get rid of the vinegar taste . Not something you want to do once a week . After reading many reviews of customer service , decided it was n't worth that aggravation . Awful expensive machine to have such basic and commom problems . Maybe a different brand ? For now , we have gone back to our $ 30 Mr. Coffee that has never had a problem.UPDATE
 We had this product for three days , and the pump failed . When we returned it to Costco , they said they receive `` hundreds '' of these machines back each year.The pumps have been an issue ever since this product was introduced several years ago . Why ca n't they get it fixed?Does any other company make a machine that will take K-cups ?
 We purchased two of these - one for a small office , one for home - and in less than a month both failed suddenly . The pumps evidently are either badly designed or shoddily made , because they simply quit putting hot water through the K-cup . -LRB- No , there is no blockage . That 's the first thing we checked . -RRB- Both units have gone back to Costco for a refund . Bottom line is - DO N'T BUY THESE unless you want to roll the dice , hoping to get a good one . Keurig has a serious problem it had better fix before their reputation is ruined .
 Owned it for a few months when it started making half cups of coffee when the size was set to full cup . After cycling power it would sometimes start making the right size for a while again . A few months later it stopped making coffee altogether . It seems like the pump is broken . It makes fine coffee , there are lots of great choices in k-cups , but this is my second Keurig and they both failed prematurely .
 We bought a Keurig Elite in 2008 and loved it . About a year later , I saw the new Platinum machine with the `` quite brew '' technology , ice brew and different sized cups and I just HAD to get one . I read the reviews that said not to ... but I did it anyway . I bought it in September 2010 and by November it was already starting to `` short cup '' and stall while brewing . I descaled it as per instructions and it started working again , but by January it was malfunctioning again . I descaled again but it would n't get out of `` descale '' mode . I ran vinegar through it twice and the descale message would n't go away . I always use bottled water in the brewer , so it should n't be scaling up THAT quickly . I only descaled the Elite once in the year that we used it , and it did n't even really need it . I called Keurig and they agreed the machine was defective and they sent another machine . We started using it in January 2011 , bottled water only , and it started acting up again a few weeks ago . Once again it `` short cups '' , and now it just freezes up arbitrarily . It will say `` brewing '' but really it is n't doing anything . I have to turn it off and then turn it back on ... some times it takes 2 or three attempts before it will actually start working again . I tried to descale yesterday but to no avail , so I dug out our old Elite model and it works just fine . I wasted $ 150 on this `` fancy '' machine that is very disappointing . I agree Keurig definitely has the best brewer on the market ... this model just is n't it . Caveat Emptor on this one folks ...
 We love this coffeemaker . It makes delicious coffee quikly . Depending on the situation , I enjoy the donut shop and breakfast blends.In our experience , the coffeemaker fails at an alarming rate . We went through three of them in a matter of weeks . Fortunately , the service department was helpful in acquiring a new one when the old one failed . The old ones were a few days to a few weeks old when they died.The fourth coffeemaker lasted some time . It could have been 5 months . To our dismay , it failed recently.We want a coffeemaker with some build quality that last . We might consider the Breville version of the coffee maker .
 My brewer turns off after each cup and sometimes only brews a partial cup . I 've gone through every troubleshooting trick with the customer service people . They are very polite , but clearly read from a script and do n't have much technical knowledge beyond that . They offered me a coupon for free Kcups , which would come in handy if I had a brewer that worked properly ! There are dozens of similar complaints on the QVC website from where I purchased my brewer . I notified them of such , but that does n't get very far . It sounds like some machines work well , but there are a bunch of lemons out there . I would just say Buyer beware , and make sure you save your packaging materials for at least 9 months as this was when mine kicked the bucket .
 The first one I bought was completely defective so sent it back . The second one they shipped was partially defective -LRB- although it lasted about 9months before it started leaking from the bottom and filling espresso size cups when putting it on large cup setting -RRB- . Do n't get this model because it seems they rolled it out a year or so ago without making sure it was built properly and before fixing the flaws . I know different people that have the cheaper models which does n't look as fancy and they never have any problems with clogging , leaking , etc. and they 've been using theirs for a lot longer than I have . Stay away from the Keurig B70
 Well ... the Keurig was a good try , but produces absolutely disgusting coffee . We even bought the re-usable K-Cup filter and used my coffee that is wonderful and it still tastes like rotten horse piss . Needless to say the thing is going back and not worth the price . I also did some research on the web and found it is not the most environmentally friendly device either . The little cups are not recyclable because of the type of plastic . If you are thinking about buying one of these save yourself the $ $ $ and headache.My advise is look the other direction if you are considering one of these . We tried all of the sample coffees that came with the device and nothing worked . Also read this interesting article
 I have a friend who works for a major warehouse club in Los Angeles , I wanted to buy a bunch of this coffee machine , so I asked her to check the returns number , she told me that her return department continues to get a ton of returns on this B-70 model -LRB- in Jan & Feb 2012 -RRB- ! I also emailed the manufacturer -LRB- several times -RRB- for a price break on 10-20 machines of another model with better reviews , they ignored all my emails ! Bottom line -LRB- for me & many others here -RRB-
 I returned it . It was broken when I received it . I was very unhappy with the return process trying to get a return # was very difficult and felt like I was imposing on the staff . I have bought many things on the site and have never had to return anything . I ended up getting one from the Keurig web site -LRB- of couse it cost a little bit more -RRB- . Your welcome to call me on my cell @ 520-820-2790 .
 I hope Kurt Russel does n't sue me for that title.I decided to take the leap into pod brewing systems with this as I received a gift certificate to help with this purchase along with several other discounts . I think I went out of pocket $ 90 and I still feel cheated.The basic problem is that there are not enough grounds in the pods - even the pod that allows you to add your own grounds . Instead of K-Cups they should have said K-Scoops as the amount of coffee in the pods is FAR too miniscule to have much flavor impact on the water . I ran with the recommended Dark Magic and Sumatra `` Extra Bold '' blends , but even they fell way short . I tried to make this work for about a month and then gave up on it.If you 're looking for a cool blue night light that makes instant hot water from a pressurized resevoir -LRB- PV = nRT -RRB- then this might be for you . If you 're looking for strong coffee look elsewhere . If you like coffee-flavored water then this is probably for you.I 'm actually brewing manually with a funnel -LRB- my organic chemistry Bodum glass vessel broke - I think I 've broken EVERY piece of Bodum glass I 've ever owned -RRB- , a gold cone filter -LRB- left over from the $ 50 Bodum MDC - Manual Drip Coffee-maker -RRB- , and a Thermos 12 oz stainless steel cup -LRB- The Holy Grail of coffee cups , which reminds me ... I need to buy another pair of these gems -RRB- . This all started with my `` voluntary '' recall of the 8 cup Starbucks Barista brewer . If I had it to do over again I would NEVER have turned in the Barista . It made great coffee ALL the time and I could overbrew if I wanted to and have coffee soup . Stupid is as stupid does . I think I 'm going to buy a Black and Decker Smart Brew and just make 1 cup at a time -LRB- like I do now -RRB- so I do n't have to try and find another thermal maker as I have n't found one yet that has n't been panned in the reviews .
 I got the Keurig B70 Gourmet Single Cup Home Brewing System for my birthday . For $ 159 the B70 really does not do much.The B70 has a nice blue LCD that displays some silly and un-needed information like announcing that water is needed or the water is hot , or the water is cold . The B70 has a transparent water tank that is lit up with a blue LED . The machine looks cool on your counter when the kitchen lights are out . That is the best thing about the B70.In addition to looking cool , the B70 will squirt preheated water through a capsule that costs several times as much as the coffee inside ought to cost.Yes , it is said to be ` gourmet ' coffee that you end up with , but tell me what is ` gourmet ' about shooting water that has been keep hot for several days or hours though a plastic capsule full of coffee that was ground who knows how long ago has been sitting encapsulated for who knows how long?A ` Green ' machine it is not . The water is kept hot all of the time , so the heater is kicking on and off , and the pretty blue lights are going all the time , so it enlarges your carbon footprint . The plastic capsules , one for every cup , end up in the landfill . Those capsules will probably last a couple of centuries . You could turn the machine off to save energy , bu then you would just have to wait to heat the water when you want a cup , and that waiting defeats the whole purpose of the machine.Using the reusable capsule with your own coffee is a pain because first you have to find it , unscrew the top and clean out the grounds from last time . Between washing the grounds out and filling it up , of course coffee grounds spread everywhere . Again , that defeats the whole premise of the machine.Get a teapot , some # 1 or # 2 Melitta filters , a holder , and some Starbucks ground coffee . Doing a cup or two at a time with this setup will be almost as fast , cost less , reduce your footprint , the coffee will be better and you can buy an entire collection of gourmet coffee with the hundred bucks you save . Also , the teapot can be put in your cupboard when you are done , unlike the B70 , which is rather large and probably wo n't fit anywhere except on your counter .
 When I bought this , I did not have much thought about this machine except just coffee itself . Now , having used this machine for 6 months , I found that I am throwing out so many plastic packages . So , I bought re-usable coffee filter , but it was just messy and the coffee was not that great . And all the convenience is gone . You might better use the normal brew coffee machine that use a single sheet filter.There is an another option of using K-cup pod maker , which I have n't tried . But then again , you have to go through making pods by yourself , which may not be an option for the poeple who just want convenience.Unless each k-cup is being made recyclable , wasting plastics for each cup of coffee is a wrong thing to do , especially when we have many ways of coffee making without hampering our environment . Besides , it does n't make that great coffee , enough to justify damaging the environment .
 I 'm in Texas and my son 's family is in California . We have 4 Keurigs between us , two working , and two defective . My lady friend also has one , which has stopped working . We are all thoroughly familiar with both the Keurig coffee brewers and Keurig 's Customer Service.I gave my son a B-70 as a father 's day gift and it soon crapped out . Being technically inclined he took it apart to see if he could find and fix the problem . Turned out to be something related to the pump . After discussing the situation by phone with a friendly Keurig technician he was instructed to remove a part from the cup area -LRB- probably as proof that the unit was permanently out of commission -RRB- , send it to Keurig , and they would send him a new B-70 , free of charge , which they did . Problem solved . Keurig stood by their product , and my son and wife continue to buy lots of Keurig K-Cup coffee for breakfast and evenings.My own B-70 crapped out and Keurig promptly replaced it without me sending anything in as proof of defect . Problem resolved satisfactorally . I continue to buy Keurig K-cup Green Mountain coffee for breakfast . The dead B-70 sits in a closet , available for parts.My lady friend drinks coffee by the bucket and buys K-Cups not by the carton , but by the case . Her B-70 , given to her by her family for Mother 's Day , quit working soon after warranty expiration . She called Customer Service twice last month and they generously offered to SELL her a new one for $ 80 , plus shipping . Big deal ! ... She told me to come over and pick up two cases of K-Cups because they are now useless to her , and my 2nd Keurig is still working . She 's gone back to her old Mr. Coffee brewer . Keurig has lost a great customer who bought hundreds of dollars worth of their coffee at a time.I give Keurig two stars for my son and I , but deduct three for the B-70 's lack of reliability and Keurig 's iffy Customer Service .
 On 5/28/2012 I placed an order for the Keurig coffee maker.The company delivering it was called `` Fast Delivery '' I received it 6/13/2012 . doesnt seem like fast delivery to me.When I opened the box there was no owners manuel to explain maintainence , how to use it , or anything other than a quick set-up page , . I called the company and placed an order for an owners manuel.Fidteen minutes later I received a call from them explaining that they had no books in stock and that i should expend my time , effort , and printer ink to pdf it from my computer.When I complained to the representative that I felt that waqs a poor way to do business they said they would not be re-stocking the manuels and that if I wanted one to pdf it.After all that I had heard of their product this came as quite a shock.Dissatisfied does not begin to define how I feel .
 I am on my third B70 in a little over two years . In each case this brewer has failed within about 11 to 12 months . There is a 12 month warranty and I did receive the second B70 after the first one failed in 11 months . I received a free replacement . The second B70 failed in about 12 months as well and therefore was not covered under warranty . I am now on my third , which I purchased , and expect the same results . Conversations with Keurig on the issues with this brewer have not resulted in any satisfactory explanation or acceptance of issues with product qualityI would only offer that people buying this product be prepared to have it fail in less than a year . The coffee it makes is great but the brewer is of low quality . Looking ahead I will skip the B70 when it fails and purchase the least expensive brewer I can find that uses K Cups . That way once the brewer fails I will not have a lot invested . I will probably switch to a different brewer once Green Mountain Coffee 's patent expires this coming fall . Will need to work down my inventory of K Cups.Great idea but poorly executed and suffers from product quality.Sad .
 I read the poor reviews and ignored them -LRB- my bad ! -RRB- . However , all those reviews about the poor performance of this product were spot on ! You will only own it about a month and it will stop producing a cup of coffee or give you more than one -LRB- make sure you have a pyrex measuring cup on stand by to handle the overflow -RRB- . When you call the company for a solution , they will give you all sorts of information on how you CAN FIX THEIR FAULTY EQUIPMENT !!!!!!!!! . Yes , I descaled my equipment , yes I have used a paper clip to make sure the coffee basket was not clogged , yes , I have turned the machine off and on . LISTEN PEOPLE AT KERURIG
 First of all I must confess I am a diehard coffee drinker . I absolutely love a good rich hot cup of coffee in the morning . The Keurig is very convenient but the k-cup coffees are not as full bodied as I would like especially when making the larger cup of coffee and the coffee is not hot enough as it boils through the spout . The coffees themselves are marginal and expensive to use . When I used my own coffee the coffee holder is too small to hold enough coffee for the larger cup . In my book it 's very expensive for convenience while getting only marginal taste along with not getting a good hot cup of coffee . Back to the drawing board !!!!!! . Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing System
 If and when this coffee maker decides to work , I liked the coffee very much , so much in fact that we recommended the Keurig to 4 friends , all of which purchased the Keurig . Unfortunately , after 18-24 months of use , all off these Keurigs have stopped working . YES , ALL 5 of them . The ` not ready ' light continually stays on . Called the company the said to descale . I guess that is snake-oil for the keurig . I explained it was n't brewing anything . She said she provide a $ 100.00 voucher towards another Keurig . I told her no thanks and I 'm not interested in replacing a $ 200.00 coffee maker every 18-24 months . what a joke . DO NOT BUY this product . Or do buy this product and when it breaks ... oh well !
 My son recently gave me a B70 Keurig coffee maker . I 'm a tea drinker but appreciated the fact that I could brew coffee for friends . I have notmade one cup of coffee . . but I have heated water for tea . I find that it does not taste good . The water has a plastic smell . Will this go away after more use ? Has anyone else experienced this ? I realize if you 're using it for coffee you would never taste it .
 I purchased my 1st unit in Sept. 2006 . It worked well and performed as advertised . Then in Dec. 2006 it got stuck on `` NOT READY '' . This was after 3 months of daily use of 1-3 cups . I called Keurig and they sent a replacement unit.UPS delivered the brand new replacement unit yesterday . I followed the instructions closely to prime the unit . The very 1st cup out of the unit was incorrect . The brewing cycle is anywhere from 1:15 to 2:00 for a cup . The unit will stop in the middle of the brewing process for 30-45 seconds and then continue . The amount of coffee seems to be independent of the actual brewing settings . I 'll get anywhere from 8 to 14oz of liquid at the 11.25 oz setting , from 4 to 8 oz at the 5.25 oz setting , etc.Overall , if it worked , I 'd enjoy it , but considering it is the `` top of the line '' model , the performance is very poor . If I knew it was going to be this much trouble I would not have purchased it.I 'll update my comment after speaking with Keurig.Edit
 HOW MANY OF THESE 5 STAR REVIEWERS HAVE OWNED THE MACHINE FOR MORE THAN HALF A YEAR ?? WE LOVE OUR MACHINE BUT ARE NOW RETURNING IT TO COSTCO FOR THE 2ND TIME . AFTER ABOUT 6 MONTHS OUR `` PLATINUM '' MACHINE SIMPLY QUIT . NO PUMPING . WE RETURNED IT AND GOT THE SAME UNIT ABOUT 6 WEEKS AGO . IT HAS NOW STOPPED MEASURING THE COFFEE . NO MATTER WHAT SIZE YOU PICK IT SEEMS TO BREW WHATEVER SIZE IT WANTS . SOMETIMES OVERFLOWING THE CUP OR LEAVING IT HALF FULL . SO WE ARE NOW CONTEMPLATING A 3RD MACHINE AT COSTCO ? OR JUST A REFUND . WE REALLY DO LOVE THE MACHINE AND THE HUGE VARIETY OF FLAVORS , TEAS , ETC. . WE WILL TRY ONE MORE TIME I GUESS . GOOD LUCK IF YOU GET ONE !
 I purchased my Keurig as a gently used machine , apparently used for demos only . When it works ... it brews very quickly and I like the fact that I can select from a variety of sizes . If it worked each and every time we set it to brew - that would be a plus . If the plastic lid on the water tank was n't cracked - that would also be nice . My husband complains the coffee is n't hot enough -LRB- set at 192 -RRB- , the largest setting does n't come close to filling our oversized mugs , there are fine grounds in the bottom of the mugs , and even filled to the top of our refillable filters we ca n't get a very strong flavour . I ordered my machine back in December and had it shipped to a friend 's house -LRB- no delivery to P.O. boxes -RRB- . Plans changed and I was n't able to pick it up for over 5 months . If I felt it was n't too late I would have returned it .
 I 've had my Keurig for 5 months now . When I initially purchased it , I loved it ! I loved that I got a fresh cup of coffee any time I wanted one . I was n't thrilled with the cost of the K-cups , however , so I bought the My K-cup Reusable Coffee Filter in order to use my regular old Folgers when I wanted . I generally make about 3-4 cups of coffee a day with it between my husband and I , and I do n't think that 's excessive use . Over the last month or so , the unit has bogged down during brewing and I only end up with half a cup on the highest brew setting . So , I descaled the unit according to the directions . Still getting only half a cup . Descaled about four more times over the next couple of days . Same result . The unit will fill half the cup , and then run water back into the reservoir . When descaling , the unit would fill each cup to the brim ... but there was no coffee in the filter at the time . This problem with the under-powered pump is very frustrating on a machine that cost as much as this one did . I 'm going back to my old reliable Bunn I think .
 The machine makes great coffee and is the perfect concept . I did not buy my original machine from Amazon but I looked here to get a new machine . The one I have seems to have all the same problems addressed in the other reviews . It is very frustrating at 5:00 in the morning and I ca n't get a cup of coffee . It appears the keurig is a disposable coffeemaker . I think I will go back to my good old reliable Mr. Coffee . Too bad because Keurig is a great concept with terrible engineering .
 A good resource to take you behind all the headlines and propaganda to the heart of Islam . The book is a thorough and clear presentation for those of us who know little about Islam . Plainly written and easy to search .
 I have the Alfi 1L in stainless . I was very disappointed that it only would keep coffee hot for about 1.5 hours . I put boiling water in it while I brewed the coffee but it just does n't live up to its claims or reputation . I bought a plastic Copco for $ 15 that keeps my coffee hot for 9 hours . Go figure . Save your money and buy something else . There must be some models that work well because people do seem to like the brand , but my experience with Alfi was just sucky !
 The Polder dryer is wall mounted and comes with two sets of mounts so you can hang it in two different spaces . A nice feature . But , the rack really does n't support much weight - when you consider how heavy a wet sweater is . If you only handwash one piece at a time that you need to lay flat to dry it will work okay , but not if you need more capacity .
 We ordered this product and ultimately decided not to put it up . The rack is plastic an is n't very sturdy . The packaging came busted up with screws loose rolling around in the packaging . I mistakenly got rid of the busted up box or I would probably have returned it . For the money I spent , I was able to find a metal rack that is much sturdier and easier to install .
 Photo looked like stainless steel but it is very light plastic . And my handy son gave up on installing it for me .
 This product absolutely sucks . It 's flimsy and not well designed . My wife just laughed at it when i installed it and refuses to go near it because it looks like it will just fall off the wall . A total waste of cash ...
 It 's completely possible that I should ignore all photographic representations of items being sold online and read the product descriptions better . Wait -- the product features does not state that it 's painted white or comes in white and chrome . Maybe I should have seen that at the end of the description it stated `` white '' . I simply assumed that it was chrome -- as depicted prominently in the photo . Realizing this , I tried to cancel the order.The order was n't to be shipped for 3 days . Online , I could n't cancel the order , which did n't make any sense . So then I worried that I would have to wait at least a week for something I know I will not want , then pay for its return and wait for the credit . I would understand and accept my partial mistake if it had already been shipped , which my order form clearly stated it had n't and would n't be for a few days . But it has n't been shipped and does n't have a tracking number . It 's still in the warehouse . It has not been re-boxed with excessive packaging yet . I ca n't even get a return authorization because the item has n't been shipped.So instead of venting on this page , I called customer service -LRB- or had them call me back -RRB- over 3 hours ago . I was told that this item would in fact be canceled and not shipped to me because it had n't left the warehouse . I was also told that I would receive both an email and follow up call confirming this because the customer service rep agreed that since the item would n't be shipped for a few days , she could cancel the order.Funny thing happened -- I just received an automated email that the item was shipped . No follow up call from customer service . No follow up email from customer service . UPS has no information on this item because it has n't left the warehouse or been picked up by UPS . Amazon uses drop shipment , so I ca n't refuse it at the door where I wo n't be anyway since I will not be home . So instead of canceling the order , Amazon decided to start processing it faster -LRB- something to note ; if I want something faster , have customer service promise to cancel it !! -RRB- . Someone could have at least said `` I 'm really sorry , but the item has already been shipped and there 's nothing we could do about it . '' Instead of a promise to fix things and then nothing . So between the false advertising and bs customer service , I 'm not very happy with Amazon .
 This came within 3 days of ordering seperate from other items with free super saver shipping.Although the tiger is very cute , I was expecting it to be bigger . I should have looked more carefully at the measurements . : /
 What a piece of crap ! First , it came missing two of the rubber stoppers on the bottom , so it sits unevenly . Second , after only one use , one of the drying bars has separated from the rack . Third , one of the two bottom latches does n't hook fully , so again , it is uneven and wiggles . Fourth , the rubber stoppers at the end of the latches come off if you even look at them . Sure , I can glue them , but why should I have to ? This is a poorly made product , and I regret the purchase .
 This rack has very weak support . It 's great if you only use it to dry socks and boxers , but anything big it would n't support . I put 2 pants , 2 jeans and 2 sweaters , and the legs cracks and the whole rack fell apart . .
 I purchased a set of these sheets for my in laws as a Christmas gift and also 2 sets for myself . They are junk ! They should be classified as irregulars . On one set the edging is different widths , not a little different . It 's off by 5 inches ! A different set had 1 pillowcases stitches come out after washing and they shrunk a little bit but it was enough that my regular sized pillows do n't fit in them anymore . My mother in law is not at all impressed with her set either.So save your money ... do n't buy these sheets
 I purchased this set because of the low price and photos . They look nice , feel comfortable and seem to fit well but the stitching on the hems began unraveling after the first washing and will require mending before they are used again , the rest of the stitching looks like it will be unraveling soon . I would not recommend these sheets . Joe
 this vacuum only picks up dirt when using the detached pieces . going over carpet it only pushes the dust and dirt . the proof s in the bagless container ... there is nothing in it after vacuuming 15 minutes . you get what you pay for . dont expect much for sub $ 100 . returning it at amazon is a pain ... otherwise i would have done it already ... dont buy it
 I bought this vaccum after reading many 5 star reviews on Amazon . However , I am totally disappointed in quality & functionality of this vacuum . Within 3 months , this vacuum started falling apart . First , bin cover broke , followed by other parts . Please do yourself a favor and do n't buy this piece of junk .
 I found the thing as heavy as any machine I 've ever used , but was pleased , at first , with the pick up , and lack of having to deal with shopping for the appropriate bag replacements . On the third use , however , I ran over a computer cord and when I pulled it out , usually nothing major , the rolling brush stopped rolling , and the sucking action was reduced to almost nothing . This thing is much too heavy and bulky to be so darn delicate . I am currently waiting for a replacement , and will live with my mistake , but certainly would n't recommend it , especially for a woman .
 Should give 0 stars or even negative . Does n't clean well at all . Did n't pick up even half the dirt that my old vaccum -LRB- which was also Hoover -RRB- used to pick . Had to return it .
 I was so please with this vaccuum when I first bought it . I have a golden retriever and a long haired chihuahua and it sucked up the hair very well . The bad thing was though that I had to change the bucket like 5 times everytime I vacuumed just one room . I have had this vaccuum about 5 months now and I swear it wont pick up anything ! I have tried it on every setting and it rolls up little balls ofhair and wont suck anything up . I am very unhappy with this vacuum , dont waste your money . !!!
 This vacuum could be a nice product . I will never know because the BELT buned out the first day .
 worked for about a month , now it barely picks up anything . If I could have rated it a 0 , I would have . My advice , spend a bit more and buy a better product .
 Be careful if you purchase this product . The price is decent , but you have to keep it moving or it could cause damage to flooring . I luckily read about this issue from a reviewer who damaged the floor when letting the vacuum sit on unprotecting flooring while using the accessories . I vacuumed new but inexpensive carpeting with it and the amount of carpet fibers in the container blew my mind . Even at the highest setting . It is pretty heavy , and if you leave it sit for more than 10-15 seconds on a single spot it could cause damage . Use the highest setting on carpeting and keep it moving .
 I wanted to like this vacuum because it has all the basics right . It has the attachments you would expect , including a pet hair vacuum for the extension . It 's bagless and the canister is easy to empty and clean . The filters are also easy to remove and clean . It was cheap . It has good sucking power ... at least at first.No matter how much I cleaned the filters , this vacuum would not suck anymore . It only lasted about a year . I took apart the filters and made sure they were spotless . I did n't see any other blockages or stuck parts . It just lost all its power ! I even took it in for repair , and they said it was worthy of the dumpster.If you have a lot of pet hair , do n't get this vacuum . I 'd only recommend it if you want something cheap and you do n't vacuum that often . Otherwise , get a nice , heavy-duty vacuum from someone like Riccar .
 Bought this in December 08 , we use it like anyone would , cleaning 1-2 times per week . the unit started making noise , then smelled , I pulled the bottom cover off and discovered the that the bearings that support the beater bar are made of felt , and had self destructed . I know $ 89 is cheap for a vacuum , i guess you get what you pay for .
 We bought our first Hoover and are so disappointed with the product . It worked twice . The first time it was absolutely incredible . A little loud , but I can deal with the noise . It picked everything up great . A week later , I vacuumed the house again . Granted there is nothing special with our carpet . Just a plain carpet , I turned it on , began vacuming . After about 5 minutes I began to smell burning . It was coming from the vacuum . We contacted Amazon , who are absolutely wonderful with their return policy , and acquired another one since everyone gave it amazing reviews . Again , the first time , it was amazing . The second time I used it , the turning carpet brush part underneath the vacuum just stopped turning and it no longer sunctioned . Do not buy !!! I will never buy anything from Hoover again . Two vacuums in a row broke ? No good .
 at first i was happy with it but after a month of using it on normal conditions it just didnt pick up much and made a loud noise . took it to a service company and they wernt able to get rid of the loud noise . the connecting part for the canister broke so it has to be ducted taped and have to take it apart to clean it out . the only great thing about it , is the rewind cord . obviously im on amazon to look for a better vacuum . i bought hoover for the quality but its just not in this machine .
 I bought this vacuum almost a year ago . At first , it amazed me with how powerful it was and how much cat hair it picked up . I thought the on-board attachment that had the motor was the greatest thing with how well it cleaned my couch and stairs . And I love the auto-rewind cord . My only dislikes were 1 . the attachment hose is not very long , 2 . the power cord was not very long , and 3 . the dirt cup is a poor design that traps a majority of the hair around the filter so that you have to reach and pull it all out.It kept up with my vacuuming needs for several months -LRB- with two cats , I vacuum about once a week -RRB- . I feel like I keep the filter fairly clean - I empty the dirt cup out with each floor I vacuum and take the whole filter out periodically to wash and dry it . But the vacuum has lost so much suction power that the hose is pretty useless now and even the attachment with the motor that I loved hardly picks up anything . So I will likely replace it in a few months . Too bad ... Other reviews warned me but I thought maybe it was a few isolated incidents . It seemed like a good vacuum for the price I got from Amazon but I guess you get what you pay for .
 When I first purchased this vacuum I was very impressed with the ability it had to suck up pet hair . I have a cat and a dog and it seemed to work wonderfully at getting the hair out of the carpets . However , 9 months later the vacuum has become a piece of junk . It simply blows the dirt it `` sucks up '' right out the back side of the vacuum and back all over the area just vacuumed . I am not the only person experiencing this , I had recommend the vacuum to a friend that told me the other day he ended up so mad that he threw it out into his yard and went back to his 20 year old Kirby . And his machine is only about 6 months old . Since both of these units were purchased through Amazon , there seems to be no recourse on any type of return warranty coverage . The only thing that sucks with this vacuum is the fact that I paid $ 90 bucks for it !
 Mine is no longer usable due to a ridiculously cheap design flaw . Where the brush roll assembly hooks into the nozzle cover assembly , it is held in place by thin plastic molding . I belt broke -LRB- normal -RRB- , but I guess it was too strong because it ripped the brush roll assemble through the plastic slots . Now the only way to repair is a complete disassembly of the vacuum and a new $ 50 + cover.No thanks . Would not buy again .
 This machine stinks ! -LRB- I would say it sucks , but it actually DOES N'T ! -RRB- I 've had it 3 years , and have replaced the belt at least 10 times . Like other reviewers stated , the belts were installed properly and working correctly . Then , all of a suddden , POP ! there goes another one ! The suction has been mediocre , and lately it just seems to blow dust everywhere . The rewind feature is awesome , but other than that it really is terrible . I 've only kept it this long , because my hubby is too cheap to get me a new one . Ca n't wait to replace it soon though !!
 We bought this vacuum in 2007 and , after resenting it for 4 years , it bit the dust a few weeks ago and it was replaced.This thing just is n't built to last . Period.We had a plastic part on the underside break after about a year and it was an easy enough fix with super glue , but the part definitely should have been made of something other than plastic to begin with.It is constantly losing suction and I was having to take the whole dirt bin apart every couple of weeks just to keep it functionong at a mediocre level.The clog/filter indicator never functioned at all.The tool hose had a habit of popping out of the vacuum and I would n't notice it for a few rooms and then realize I had been vacuuming out into the air instead of the canister.About a year ago , the dirt bin catch became worn and you had to be very careful when undoing it from the vacuum because the bottom would fly open and your dirt would fall on the floor.The final straw was the whole undercarriage that the wheels are attached to breaking one day while I was vacuuming . It limped along for another week or so while I researched it 's replacement , but it wobbled and was generally annoying to use as it could n't be fixed by us.It 's possible that we just got a lemon , so I will mention the pros as well.The dirt bin is easy to empty and not as messy as some.It 's also pretty easy to maneuver , and the tool hose is long enough to get high places .
 Not a bad vacuum for the money -LRB- decent suction power -RRB- and the cannister is easy to empty because it 's a bottom drop style ; however , putting the cap back on top of the filter cannister is a royal pain in the backside . It 's secured by a twist-lock style , but I spend more time trying to lock it back in place than I do vacuuming , and that 's no exaggeration . Furthermore , my attempts to replace the top -LRB- which should be quite easy -RRB- cause my hands to be covered in vacuum dust . It 's a source of frustration that prolongs the chore of vacuuming . For this reason alone , I would not buy this vacuum cleaner a second time . The other problem I have with this product is that the attachments , when not in use , fall of the body of the vacuum . They 're simply not well-secured in place , and I 'm constantly having to bend over and pick them up . Grrr .
 I liked the vacuum at first , easy to empty and use . I only have a rugs on my hard floor in the bedrooms and the living room , so it did not get used like someone who had carpets throughout the house . It began to overheat and would shut off . I have only had it about 6 months . Not worth the $ $ I paid.Unhappy in Texas
 hi . prettty good vac for the money , but the beater bar does not turn off when you are using the tools , if you leave it in one spot for too long , it will damage your rug -LRB- s -RRB- . So move it to hardwood floors or lay it down . I called Hoover to inquire why they would make such a huge blunder when designing this product , and the customer service rep told me that the higher priced hoover models have this feature , and that I get what i paid for . Very very rude ! I have a Dyson also , which was way way WAY overpriced , broken , and does not have a height adjustment , which will damage antique oriental rugs .
 Hello , when i first purchased this vacuum i was very pleased with it , i gave it 5 stars . My excitment for this product ended very quickly . The first 4 to 5 months the vacuum worked great , but after that it totally fell apart . Some of the problems ... 1 . The tubes constantly get clogged . i have to clean the tubes after almost every use . This involves unscrewing the bottom and getting something that can reach into the tube .2 . Cheap plastic that held the brushes that spin broke off3 . The belts are very difficult to find . I went to three different places to get them and could n't find them . The belt that the vacuum comes with has a size on it . When purchasing that size it does n't seem to fit . I eventually called hoover who could n't tell me what belt would work on this vacuum .4 . The vacuum requires constant maintance , it gets very annoying after awhile when all you want to do is vacuum the floor.The bottom line is `` you get what you pay for '' . The vacuum will work great for awhile but will eventually fall apart . If $ 100 and six months of use is good for you then by all means purchase this vacuum . If you want more then i suggest looking elsewhere .
 When I got the vacuum I was really pleased with the purchase . It had powerful suction , and very convenient retractable wire . Trouble is it does n't last . Maybe two months after buying it is stopped sucking in the dirt . Maybe all those positive reviews were left in the first few weeks after purchase . The one year warranty is worthless to me . I 'm not going to drag down to some service center , who knows where to have it repaired .
 This is the worst , worst vacuum I have ever owned . Worst $ 70 I ever spent . It honestly makes my floors look worse . It really does . It just blows the dirt out the back end . Do not waste your money on this vacuum . Please believe me . I never write reviews but I felt compelled to do this time . It picks up nothing . Going to buy my Dyson now .
 Do n't buy this vacuum for long , thick carpet . It 's heavy and impossible to push on thick carpet . We are returning it .
 It is not fair for me to slam this vacuum , since I did not keep it for more than one day . There were several things I did n't like . The roller does not stop moving even when you are using the hose . I did not find it `` pulling me around my house '' like some people wrote in their reviews . I vacuumed an entire floor of my house and only a handful of dirt was sucked up . Either I got a lemon or it was crummy , so I sent it back .
 I bought this vacuum a year ago , the belt already broke one time and now it ca n't keep the dust in the container . It looks like work fine , but it sucked at the front and blew out at the back , I checked all the part and all the hose was connected . I do n't want to waste my time to use this vacuum .
 I was very disappointed in this Hoover . My last vaccum was a hoover and I loved it because it was more powerful than this and lasted seven years.The suction is very light and I have to go over the entire room over and over to pick up light dust . After empting the vaccum , the suction became worse . I became so discussed that I just bought another vaccum with more power and now I am happy , however , I paid more -- so I guess you pay for what you get.I would not recommend this vaccum to anyone .
 This vacuum has caused so many problems that I truly believe most of these other glowing reviews are fake . Like some of the other more realistic reviews said , this worked ok maybe one time . After that , the hose clogs every single time . It will clog where the hose enters the canister , it will clog in the middle of the hose , it will clog near the roller at the bottom - all due to poor design . Pet hair that is easily swept up by other vacuums gets caught in the folds of the hose and quickly creates a clog . I 've replaced the belt multiple times and it loves to overheat and shut off . Also , like another reviewer noted , the cord on mine got chewed up by the rewind and needed electrical tape , which would n't be so bad in itself if the vacuum actually worked . I will probably never buy another Hoover again . -LRB- Now it 's time for all the Hoover operatives to try to bury this review with more spectacular reviews about how this piece of crap vacuum will clean your rug , fix your marriage , and bring about world peace . -RRB-
 We were trying to replace our old bagged hoover with this bagless model . The model looks cool , easy to assemble , and quiet . We were using it on the carpet and the results were far from satisfactory . Big dirt is picked up , but small dirt requires several runs on the same spot . A low-height setting will pull the carpet and make it difficult to move the vacuum cleaner . The old one which we wanted to throw away was doing a better job than this new one in swallowing small dirt particles , so we ended up returning this to the store . I am not sure if the model has less vacuum power or limited to just the piece I got .
 We bought the Hoover Deluxe Elite Rewind vacuum a little over a year ago . It seemed great at first but then things started to go wrong . It seemed to loses some suction a few months ago and then the suction for the hose became so bad it would barely even spin the brush , so of course would n't actually pick up anything from furniture . Then today it just died while I was in the middle of vacuuming . It just shut off and would n't turn on again right away . I tried again several minutes later and it re-started but we are now shopping around for a different vacuum . I had researched before buying this one and bought it because of it 's great reviews but have not been pleased at all . I 'm sorry I spent any money on it at all !
 I bought this vacuum 4 months ago and it was used once a week . After 4 months the motor made a horrifying noise . I checked to make sure the belt was not broken and examined the vacuum for blockages . Everything looked shipshape . I contacted Hoover for service and even though I live in a major metropolitan area , the closest `` authorized hoover repair '' is an hour drive round trip . This was after contacting 2 other `` authorized repair services who were no longer accepting residential repairs . I was also told I could ship it for repair but they would only pay one way for shipping . I am writing this review to spare potential purchasers the hard lesson that I learned . Moral of the story
 This was a great vacuum for the price , but all-of-a-sudden it stopped working : -LRB- I 'm very disappointed considering it 's only a year old !! Also , we do n't vacuum up anything weird , so there 's really no excuse for this.I would recommend buying something different .
 In theory it looks great , with the innovation of emptying the dirt cup from the bottom to avoid the mess . But in practice , unfortunately , it does n't pan out - much of the dirt remains in the cup after emptying , trapped in the upper chamber by the filter . Just try to clean out the filter area without creating a mess . And after emptying , you can barely see into the cup area anymore , unless you wash it each time .
 This vacuum has a very short hose and you can not use it to clean anything other than floors . The attachments would work fine if the hose was long enough so that the vacuum did n't have to be within two -LRB- 2 -RRB- feet of where you are trying to clean ; the vacuum then falls over when you try to pull it close enough to do a good job of removing dust from walls or furniture . I would not purchase this vacuum again !
 I hate this vacuum cleaner . After less than a year and a half , I 'm throwing it away . There 's a HEPA filter hidden inside the canister that clogs up and reduces the suction . It must be cleaned every couple of uses , which is a dusty , dirty 15-minute job . When you use the tools , the roller does n't stop and it chews up the carpet it 's on . The whole unit is flimsy and feels like it 's going to fall apart .
 I ca n't believe there are so many positive reviews on this vacuum . I have had a similar experience to others who disliked it -- the vacuum worked fine for about six months , but now -LRB- 11/2 yrs later -RRB- I spend more time doing maintenance on it than I do actually vacuuming ! It has always been completely useless at picking anything up on wooden floors , it just spits everything back out . The carpets have been hit or miss -- sometimes it does actually clean then , but mostly I 'm left feeling like I have n't even vacuumed . When I contacted Hoover customer service , they were less than helpful , offering to send me a new belt -LRB- which I did n't need and also never arrived -RRB- . I took it in for maintenance and was told that it was in perfect working order ! So why are my floors still not clean ? I wish I 'd spent more money and bought a vacuum that actually works .
 I followed the directions - I held the cord and guided it in while I steppeed on the retract button . The next time I tried to plug it in , the cord wouldnt stay out - it was off the track and kept retracting , making the vacuum unusable . There were stickers all over the box and brochure tht said to call Hoover if you have a problem and not to return the item . So , I called hoover - they said they would fix it , but not replace it . Well , I didnt spend $ 90 to get a vacuum that needed repair after the first use . Luckily , Amazon has better customer service than Hoover . I returned it .
 I would give this vacuum zero stars if I could . I just spent 30 minutes to get the 5 screws out to change the belt that broke after only 2weeks of use . I 'm frustrated with grease all over my hands from changing the belt.I returned my first one because the belt broke several times in a short period of time . I stupidly brought a second -LRB- thought the first was a lemon -RRB- ; I will be returning this one as well .
 Beware ! I would have written a glowing 5-star review had I posted one within the first couple of months of my purchase in January 2007 . I loved this vacuum ! I delighted in seeing all the stuff it picked up . It has great suction and I felt my carpets were truly deep-cleaned every time I vacuumed . I loved the bagless feature , the ease of empyting , the retractable cord , and various other features . But within the first few months the retractable cord got stuck about 2 feet out and would not budge . Since it was still under warranty , I did n't want to mess with it myself and risk voiding the warranty , so I just used an extension cord until I could find a `` convenient '' time to get to a service center . Eventually , I realized it would never be a convenient time to get to a service center , so I removed a few screws and was able to fix the cord mechanism . But a few months later I had a similar problem with the cord . Again , I unscrewed it and fixed it . A few months later , same problem . This time after I `` fixed '' it the cord no longer retracted fully -- seems like the spring mechanism had lost some tension . I can live with the cord problems , but just last week , only 18 months after my purchase and approximately weekly normal use , the vacuum made a horrible noise and after unscrewing the bottom it became clear that the plastic that holds the agitator brush in place had broken or melted on one side , plus another plastic piece holding the height adjusting wheels was snapped . This does not look fixable to me , and of course it is no longer under warranty . 18 months ! My last vacuum , which this one replaced , lasted 24 years with never a problem ! They just do n't build things to last anymore , I guess .
 I bought this vacuum at Sams Club , not Amazon , but wanted to share my frustration . The first time I used it it worked great -- sucked up all the substantial pet hair on the floor like magic . The canister is easy to empty and does n't have a filter to clog like my previous Hoover . So far , so good . However , the next time I try to vacuum , I notice there is no suction ... detaching the extension hose revealed that the hose was clogged . I was n't too perturbed , cleaned it out , and kept vacuuming . I realize that this will happen occasionally with any vacuum , only since that day the hose has clogged EVERY TIME I VACUUM . That 's right -- every single time . I have better things to do than clean the hair clots out of my vacuum all the time and decided to say goodbye to cheap vacuums -LRB- my previous cheapie Hoover burned out the motor after 6 months -RRB- ... I just bought a Dyson .
 This vacuum has to be made in China . I think Hoover is in China . I have NEVER broken a vacuum cleaner belt - I am 62 . Now I have broken 3 since the beginning of April . I called Hoover at their 800 # what a joke . -LRB- They never answered my email initially . -RRB- The first person I talked to attempted to send me to someone 20 miles from me - they would keep the vacuum - they had no belts either - I would have to go back . That would make 80 miles - the excuse was they had to make money . I guess warranty work does n't make `` money '' . Second call to the 800 # I was told they would send me a belt -LRB- I 've already bought 2 for $ 4.99 -RRB- Well so far two weeks later there is no belt and stores have none either . To order from the order sheet it says parts take 4-6 weeks . This is not Amazon 's problem , this is a Hoover quality problem - a `` lack '' of quality problem . Shame , shame , shame on HOOVER
 At first , my husband and I loved this vacuum . We have a lab puppy and live in an apartment where there is sandy soil . We had heard this model was particuarlly good for those of use who suffer from sesaonal and dust/mold allergies and for those of us who have a pet that sheds . For the first month , this vacuum picked up everything ; but then its suction started to diminish . I took it apart to get a few clogs out . However , there must have been a clog that I could n't reach , because the vacuum still would not pick up much of anything and continued to over heat when used . In the process of reaching the clog , I could not get the plate on the bottom of the head to reattach correctly . After all of this frustration -LRB- and having the service hotline , after having been disconnected by their system 3 times , tell me that they could not tell me how to fix it -RRB- , I took vacuum into the local Hoover Service Center . The gentleman that worked there really could not help us , and we wound up going back 3 different times in 2 weeks trying to get this vacuum to go back to full capacity . Due to the recent restrutering , they do not have exact instructions on how to fix this particular model , and the diagram in the owners manual was not detailed enough to be helpful when reassembling it after looking for the clogs . Any needed parts have to be ordered , and may not come in before six weeks , as this model is not typically carried in Hoover stores . We bought a Dirt Devil Canister model and are much happier with it.If you are considering buying this product , here are a few things you should consider that are not listed in the product description :1 . -RRB- It 's true that the vacuum has a life-long hepa filter ; however , the yellow filter in the canister periodically needs replacing . We burnd through one filter in 6 weeks just cleaning up dog hair from our one lab .2 . -RRB- Dirt clings to the canister and any area the canister may have touched . You can wipe the canister down and still not clean up all the dirt and dust .3 . -RRB- Getting help servicing this vacume is very frustrating , and parts are not readily stocked . Hoover service centers do not have much information on this vacume due the fact that it is newer and that they are going through a restructuring , and systems are being reestablished .4 . -RRB- When using the auxiliary tools , the brush does not turn off . This can wear out your carpet and rugs .5 . -RRB- The pet hair removal tool is nice , but does not work as well as the information would lead you to believe .6 . -RRB- The vacume comes with a one year warranty , but if they ca n't fix it , you have to wait for them to send you a new vacume . If the vacume breaks right before the holidays , like it did to us , you may find yourself with no other cleaning recourse.All said and done , I would give this vacume a better rating if the Hoover company provided better customer service and support and if we had only needed a vacume to do basic cleaning . However , that was not the case .
 I bought this vacuum a month ago and returned it today . At first I liked it for many of the reasons listed here , cord rewind , filter , good suction . But the reality is it spews dirt all over your house when you use the hose feature . I read the manual to ensure I was using the feature correctly , and still , spewing . Also , the hose is short which means you do n't have a lot of range from the unit and you end up bending over most of the time . The vacuum does not work on hard floors as it just `` pushes '' the dirt . The profile of the vacuum makes it hard to get under furniture . And , it 's not self propelled so one really has to push . I found using this vacuum a tug-o-war and a work out , and not in a good way . I have no problem exerting myself but this vacuum would have been a problem for my mother with a bad back . I 'd rather get my workouts at the beach !
 This vacuum is ok if you do n't want something that 's going to last you very long . My first dislike was the constant cleaning of the filter inside the `` bagless '' canister , you have to take the canister outside twist off the yellow filter holder , then remove the filter & beat it on a rock to remove fine dust/dirt particles that clog the filter . Dog hair also gets stuck around the yellow filter holder inside the canister making it a pain to empty . Filters are expensive , cheapest I found was 12.00 online because there are NONE in stores . Hoover does n't keep these in stock at hoover.com & also other Hoover/filter distributors all complained that Hoover does n't fill their orders of these filters . So I purchased 3 @ a cost of 45.00 incl s/h and had to wait 2 months to get them . This vacuum also will not pick up ANYTHING besides hair & dirt/dust without running over it 3xs or more . It wo n't pick up small chunk dog food , it will suck up bird feathers but not leaves . You might as well put the attachments in a box because they will not stay on the machine.Yesterday my machine had to be put to sleep , so now I 'm the proud owner of 2 brand new filters & one that 's only gently used . We bought a new belt for it & that was n't the fix . It sounds like a jet engine going down a runway . Think I 'll stay away from Hoover .
 The belts break easily . Also after a while the thing just stopped working . I opened it up but could n't figure out what the problem was .
 I loved this vacuum for the first couple of months . The suction was incredible & the automatic cord rewind was great . That all changed after a couple of months when it would n't pick up anything . I wasted hours trying to get the thing to work again & finally just threw it in the garbage . It happened suddenly w/o warning . Now I 'm looking for a new vacuum , but it seems like every other vacuum on Amazon has a lot of bad reviews too with people claiming their new vacuums died on them also . I do n't know if I should go for the ridiculously priced Dyson or another lower priced upright , comparable to the one I 'm writing this review about . I guess they really do n't make things the way they used to ...
 Mine is still working but every once ina while ... i have to remove the two screws at the back of the vaccum where the hand held fits in and then clean the path at the bottom of the vaccum . What ever it sucks gets collected there little by little since it has to go a long way to reach the container -LRB- around the hand held chord -RRB- . Further when u use it for suction like the spacer bags ... forget it ... it has no sucktion when u use the hand held .
 This is the first time i 've had a Hoover that did not last more than 10 years at least . I use the vacuum twice a month on two area rugs , and that has been probable why they always lasted so long . When i received this vacuum the first time around had to return it because it did not work . This should 've been enough warning not to get the same item again , but i was sold on the vacuum being bagless , the power , the retractable cord etc. , etc , etc.Well , one year and two days after the warranty expired it died , so it figures i used it about 24 times . I went online and followed all cleaning instructions , checking for any obstructions and still will not work . Tried to contact a Hoover service center , and was told that i had to bring the unit to their place and pay for any repairs -LRB- something between $ 25 - $ 100 -RRB- !!!! Bottom line , i threw it in the garbage and went back to the bagged machines again .
 I wonder if the same people who gave this vacumn high ratings would give the same rating after six months . Mine worked well for about six months and stopped working this past weekend . I had it cleaned out thoroughly and replaced the belt , but the power would not come on . My first thought was that the built-in Thermal Protector shut it down because of overheating . It should then reset itself after 30 minutes . Well ... it 's been two days ... I would think that you would want your vacumn works longer than six months . If so , please consider another product that is not made by Hoover . Good Luck if you decided to give this a try because of other reviews .
 I ordered this from Amazon based on the good reviews and free shipping , but I 've now boxed it back up to return it because it is junk . It runs , the brush spins , it even gets suction , but all the while it is spraying dirt all over your living room . Where did all this sandy dirt come from ? My rug was dirtier after vacuuming than before , and when I turned it off , a pile of sand was left where it stood.Lesson learned
 i bought this 5 months ago -- it worked just fine out of the box ... the 2nd time i used it , it would n't pick up even a dried piece of a leaf , i could only get any pickup using the hose which is a back breaking process ... i 've tried every setting on carpet and area rugs ... have finally decided it is a total waste of money . Folks - I so recommend you not purchase this .
 I have updated my feedback for this product because the container cap fall off while I was removing the dust from the container . The part of the plastic connection that holds the cap was broken -LRB- opened it only a few times -RRB- . Although I was able to close the container now , I am afarid to open it the next time .
 Purchased this a couple of months ago , first few times I used , the belt came off . Took bottom plate off and put belt back on . Used several more times , and each time the belt came off . Contacted customer service and they said this was a `` design flaw '' and the belt keeps slipping . Advised to turn the belt inside out and it should work better . They also were going to send me replacement belts , since the belt slipping off all the time was going to cause it to wear out faster . 2 months later and still do n't have the replacement belts . Called customer service again and asked what the next option was , explained I was n't happy with this and was tired of not being able to make it through one room without the belt coming off 3 times . Customer service not much help and did n't offer any solutions other than we 'll try to send you another belt.I assumed being a Hoover that it would work well and have good customer service ... do n't bother . I am returning this tonight and buying a Eureka !
 After about 2-3 months , I had problems with the extension tube 's rotating brush head . The brush stopped rotating , meaning that it now simply gets in the way of airflow . And the main body takes two or three passes to get some very easy , lightweight things up . I also agree
 Less than 30 days old ... 3 fan belts have broken on the vacuum ! One wonders if it can go 30 days without a replacement part .
 Ok , I opened this vacuum up and assembled it with no problem . I started vacuuming and within 5 minutes the plastic main shaft snapped in two , the vacuum broke into two pieces and I could n't even use the shut off to stop the motor . I had to yank the plug out of the wall socket to avoid sparking . What a POS ! Maybe I got a defective unit but I will not reorder , refund please .
 Right out of the box it was missed a crucial component -LRB- the only screw required -RRB- . Dealing with Hoover 's customer service was an absolute nightmare . They never sent me an email response when I submitted a request through their online form . Their phone hours are ridiculous -LRB- closed by 2:30 pm PST -RRB- . And their customer service number is a long-distance number . They have an 800 number , but it 's only for automated stuff that does n't resolve anything.Not Amazon 's fault . Hoover just sucks .
 The only good thing about this product is the retractable cord . It is a terrible vacuum . Would have sent it back except it cost too much to mail . Please do not buy !!!!!!!!! -LRB- You will be sorry -RRB-
 I loved this vacuum at first , but less than a year later I am shopping for a new vacuum . I regularly banged out the filters to extend the life , but nothing helps . We have two kids and a husky , so we probably should have saved longer and bought something more tough .
 This vacuum really never did what i thought it would do . I liked the price and the wind up cord , but this vacuum did n't pick up any dirt . It sucks , and does n't pick up any dirt . It really has n't worked in over a year , it never picks up dirt , and stinks . Its messy , and constantly getting clogged . Keep searching for another vacuume .
 Here 's a what I do n't like about this vacuum :1 -RRB- you ca n't turn off the rotating brush ; that makes it impossible to use on hard floors , unless you wear ear plugs ; if you set the brush for high carpet , the noise will drop but you wo n't clean anything either . Also it has a tendency to grab cables which happen to be nearby .2 -RRB- it 's insanely noisy . If you live in a condo , all your neighbors will enjoy the sound .3 -RRB- it 's suction power is fairly weak4 -RRB- if you need to reach high above cabinets and fridge to vacuum the dust , this vacuum cleaner is not the tool5 -RRB- the power cord constantly gets under the vacuum brush ; you have to hold it in your hand to avoid this . Or you can try vacuuming without a back and forth motion of the vacuum.So save your money and buy something else . This is a waste . It 's a low end useless tool .
 It blows things out after it sucks them in . The hose is too short and the cord rewind got broken at the third time I use it . The plastic looks cheap too .
 Wife bought this vacuum about a year ago . It has sucked since day 1 . Hate it . Piece of junk . Smells like burning rubber , no suction , belts burn out constantly -LRB- probably why it smells like it is on fire all the time -RRB- , shoots dust particles into the atmosphere leading to increased global warming -LRB- o.k. kidding about the `` contributes to global warming '' -RRB- . Wish this vacuum cleaner had never entered into my life . Avoid .
 We bought this vacuum 13 months ago . It worked pretty well until about two months ago and then we noticed it was n't picking up well . Now , 2 weeks out of warranty , it does n't pick up anything unless you are using the attachments . We 've cleaned it out so there are no blockages . I really think a vacuum should last more than 1 year . Maybe we just got the lemon . .
 This vacuum picks up ok but my problem is when I use the hose it does not stay attatched to the vacuum cleaner . It falls off very easily every time I move it around . I can not find any way to keep the cord attatched and it is very annoying .
 This vacuum is compete junk . After owning it less than it for a month my wife and I had it into the Hoover service center 4 times . The store technician said , in not so many words , that it was complete junk and they have nothing but problems with them . So when I asked about the warranty that I had officially registered through their website , the manager told me that the company had been restructured and that I should just purchase a better model . So when I ask to return the deffective product and get credit towards a better model , he informed me that the only credit would go towards the standard retail price and since they were already having a holiday sale , the credit he could giive me would not benefit me at all . I would recommend avoiding this model and Hoover 's all togethr if possible . Their warranty is worthless and their service centers basically told us that since the product was junk to begin with , there is n't much that they could do for us .
 The vacuum worked for one week , after that it made a horrible noise . The Auto-Rewind feature is great , but that is about the only good thing about this product . The vacuum was returned to Amazon .
 first time i used this vacuum the belt broke and some of the brushes on the beater bar came out . i should have returned it then . now just a little over a year after perchase , the vacuum died . the only good feature is the cord rewind . not only did this vacuum suck , it blew .
 Got this vacuum yesterday . Picks up exceptionally well . The belt has broken 3 times already when it sucks up things it should n't -LRB- the edge of a sheet , a tag from an area rug , and a shoelace -RRB- . Seems a little ridiculous that the belt snaps so easily . They are cheap and pretty easy to replace , but it 's a pain and I do n't want to deal with returning to Amazon . Oh well .
 I loved this vacuum at first - even though it did suck up everything in sight . HOWEVER it just broke and after only 45 days !!! DO NOT BUY !! We 're now stuck with the crappy thing !
 I purchased this vacuum because ... hello ... it is a Hoover and I have had a fantastic Hoover for many years that just cut out on me . The problem is that this vacuum does not work well at all . I purchased it last year and intially it seemed to pick up some of the apparent and apporpriate sized litter on the floor , however , I watched as over time my carpet became more , and more bogged down and soiled looking . Now a year after purchase , it will not pick up anything . It never had enough suction to be very efficient . I am very disappoited and do not reccomend that anyone purchase this product .
 While this vacuum may do the job , it is something I regret purchasing.I bought it as Costco and I did not research the product or any others before purchasing it , I bought it from a friend 's recommendation . It is VERY difficult to take apart and put back together . When I clean it I get dirt all over myself -LRB- I do n't understand this bag less vacuum craze , while it is environmentally friendly , it is in no way convenient or pleasant -RRB- To top it off , the burning smell that others have reported is something I have experienced as well . I would not waste the money , it is a very cheap quality vacuum and has a short life.If I had another suggestion I would gladly give it . I do not have a lot of experience purchasing a vacuum , I can only assume it is worth doing a little research and investing more money .
 We have 3 Labradors and a cat , which is admittedly a difficult home for a vacuum . This vacuum works for about 1 minute before clogging . Even after thoroughly sweeping the floor it clogs within minutes . I wish I could return the product as at this point it is a waste of money taking up space in the house . In a pet free household this might be a fine vacuum , but I would avoid the product if you have or are planning to have any fur in your home .
 I got this vacuum about 9 months ago . I loved it . It 's the best vacuum I have ever had . The wind up cord is fabulous . It had a lot power . The emptying process was convenient as were the accessories . Everything was great , but one day it just quit sucking up and started spitting everything out . There is a thin layer of white fuzz on the front of the vacuum after I use it . The debris just gets spit around to new places , not sucked inside the vacuum . I am disappointed it did not last longer .
 If sensitivity to dust emissions is a concern , I would not recommend this vacuum . Though the HEPA filter provides a great barrier and protection from emissions when using the floor vacuum , using the extension wand bypasses the filter and expells dust , dirt and hair back into the room . Since the floor beater brush runs continuously , when the extension wand is removed for use , unfiltered dust is expelled through the bottom hose coming from the floor beater brush . I 'm not too keen on dust that can be scattered when dumping the bagless canister , but some cautions can be taken to reduce the emissions back into the room when emptying the canister.After researching Consumer Reports and the useful owner comments in Amazon -LRB- thanks to all -RRB- , I thought this Hoover Elite Rewind would be a good value . Well , the capability for the price is reasonable , but the result is not what I expected nor what I will settle for . I notified Hoover of my reason for return and have accepted that I will need to spend more money for an upright , HEPA filtered vacuum that has a separate beater shut-off . In fact , I even found a Bissel Healthy Home -LRB- 5770 -RRB- model that employs a shut-off valve from the floor hose as soon as the extension wand is pulled out for use . An exceptionally smart design feature that I will spend $ 250 for ... to get the results I want and need .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase . I had read great reviews before buying this vacuum cleaner and when I brought it home I initially loved it . However , it has been 8 months now and it is broken . The suction is hit and miss . Most of the time , the vacuum shoots out dust and pet hair instead of sucking it up . I have already replaced the belt once and taken it apart multiple times to fix the suction to no avail . I would never recommend this vacuum to anyone .
 I bought this vacuum a little over a year ago and loved it AT FIRST ! Eventually , the plastic pieces that hold the brush into place melted and started throwing everything off balance . I went through several belts that broke before I realized what the problem was . I ordered the replacement agitator brush assembly from Hoover over 3 months ago ! Initially they said that the part was on backorder , then they sent me the brush for the hand tool , not the vacuum itself . After talking to their coporate office , they said they 'd get me the correct part right away . After calling repeated times , they finally sent me the part over a month after that ! GUESS WHAT ... the brush is an inch too long and wo n't even fit into my vacuum !!! Now I am just giving up and looking for a brand new vaccuum , NOT from this company . This has been the worst experience with a vacuum and customer service that I have EVER had !! I even had to get the BBB involved in order to get my part , which ended up being wrong , shipped to me !!!
 At first I loved this vacuum ! Over a period of 6 months , my love affair with this machine has dwindled . What I do n't like : There is NO carrying handle . You schlep it up and down stairs by grabbing the handle on the dust compartment . Really stupid idea.The base of the dust compartment is next to impossible to twist back onto it 's cover after cleaning the filter . At first , no problems , the more use it gets , the more difficult.The cord is too short and I 've been slapped with it while it 's rewinding . Ouch.The hose it too short . It wo n't reach to the top of my staircase -LRB- 9 steps -RRB- . The handle on the hose is very awkward to use and the mini beater attachment is a waste on carpeted steps . The attachments fall off the unit very easily.The bottom dust release is a joke . Junk collects around the yellow filter at the TOP and you have to stick your hand all the way up inside to pull it out.It spews dirt out when using it on hardwood floors . Really frustrating . I have to go back over the floors with a swiffer afterward . You ca n't imagine all the junk that 's left behind!I have to wonder if the brilliant engineers that design vacuums actually use them . Do these companies even bother to test their products anymore?Other than those complaints , it 's not the worst vac . It 's easy to use and relatively lightweight .
 I bought this one year ago and it seems to have been nothing but trouble . Broken belt , blocked hose , now not working at all . This would probably be okay for light duty , but it is not a good choice if you own a long haired dog/cat as the hair fills the bag quickly , blocks the hose etc. .
 This vacuum was great for the first 6 months or so but after only 2 years I need a new vacuum ! The carpet hieght adjuster is stripped so it is stuck on high carpet . You have to empty and clean the filter after every use and still just blows dirt around . I would have expected this vacuum to last me longer then 2 years !
 The thing burned through belts . One time I replaced 2 belts in one vacuuming session -- and yes I installed them properly and they were n't rubbing against anything.My guess is that it 's the quality of the belts -- or should I say lack of quality.Even after two years , the vacuum , when ran , would fill the house with a hot rubber smell.The tubes were also prone to clogging and I 've had to pull it apart numerous times to push dust clogs through so it would work properly.After two years , the vacuum just stopped when the motor burned out . I did us a favor.The cord retractor was neat ; at least they got that part right .
 I , like most other reviewers thought it worked great for the first week or so . Then the constant clogging began . The tubes are not designed well enough to allow the dirt and dust to get to the canister . I have to take this thing apart about once a week to unclog it . In doing so , I have snapped off a few of the cheap , flimsy pieces of plastic inside . The belt broke within a month also . This is the cheapest , worst designed vacuum I 've ever used .
 I 'm actually glad to see that this vacuum is unavailable -- they should stop selling it . The only good feature is the automatic rewinding cord , which works flawlessly . Otherwise it 's clunky to use , difficult to replace the cannister and hard to find the button to turn it on when you are standing over it . Ours finally died today after two years and I 'm thrilled to be able to replace it with something more functional . I 've truly hated this vacuum .
 We were pleased with this vacuum , which we decided to purchase instead of the usual $ 30 cheap vacuum . We needed some serious action to fight pet hair , and this vacuum indicated that it was a great choice for pet hair.Unfortunately , after trying the vacuum 4 or 5 times , it simply stopped working . Would no longer power on . We took it to a Hoover repair shop , but since we had lost the receipt , they were unable to honor the warranty . And since this model was apparently produced well over a year ago -LRB- and just sat in warehouses in the meantime -RRB- , they could no longer honor it by simply seeing when it was manufactured.The repair guy took a look at the vacuum , and said it was not worth fixing if we had to pay for it out of pocket , considering the purchase price . Furthermore , he tells us that these bagless vacuums commonly break very quickly -LRB- he 's seen many come in having been used only 5-10 times -RRB- , especially when they 've vacuumed up a lot of small particles , like dust or that scented carpet powder . He highly recommended that we always buy a bagged vacuum instead , which , from his experience as a repairman , last much longer.We 're pretty angry that we basically threw away well over $ 100 on a product that broke right away . Last time I ever buy a Hoover ; their old reputation as a top brand is clearly not true anymore .
 This vacuum was delivered to my house on 7/28/09 . Worked well for 4 weeks , then it broke . I was outside of Amazon return policy and was advised to contact manufacturer for further assistance . Manufacturer will not refund or replace this unit -LRB- even though it was used less than 10 times -RRB- until I take it to one of their repair/warranty locations . The closest location they can give me is 45 miles from my house ! Called the shop Hoover suggested and the guy there said he would need the vacuum for 2 weeks because he is more interested in servicing what HE sells to keep HIS customers happy . He also told me that I had bought a disposable vacuum , and when it breaks , I am better off throwing it away than fixing it . Last comment from him was that Hoover vacuums are poor quality -LRB- `` built in China , what do you expect '' -RRB- and he woul n't buy one -LRB- he has repaired dozens under warranty , but , would n't suggest paying for repairs once the warranty expires -RRB- . I guess this is a case of buyer beware ! I am dissapointed with Amazon , Hoover , andmyself as well . I will not repair this unit . I will buy something else , somewhere else and lick my wounds.By the way ... I work for Amazon . Go figure .
 I am a person who trust the user reviews and blindly buy the product if it has good reviews . But that turned wrong on this product . I wonder how people gave 5 star rating for this product . It does n't solve the purpose at all . The motor is so weak . You can hear its struggle as you move it . And obviously the suction force is very feeble . The only pros is the auto-rewind feature , which is really good . I had an Eureka prior to this , which was very powerful with self-propulsion , and a knob to switch between hose and floor . It is better to have both separate so the suction power would be great . It was n't expensive either , I do n't remember the price but it was almost close to this hoover 's price . I wish I bought the Eureka again . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 It vacuumed well enough , but the cord retractor kept jamming and had to be taken apart . The little rotating brush attachment is activated only by suction and quickly gets fouled with hair . You can easily spend a half hour picking stuff out of it . We ended up returning it .
 I bought this vacuum at a local Costco after reading the reviews online . It was great -- for a week until the belt broke after a dodgy incident with a throw rug that I 'd rather not go into . I returned it and got another one and this one did an amazing job -- for one and half months . Almost two months later the suction is poor , it spits back out dirt , and generally seems malevolent . We have two cats , one dog , one toddler , and one pregnant wife in this house and quite frankly I need more peace of mind in my household products .
 I hate this vacuum ... let me take a minute to vent . Because the extension hose is how the dirt gets into the canister when vacuuming , as soon as you take the extension hose out , dust flies everywhere . The vacuum itself is constantly covered in dust . And , the brush does n't stop spinning when you 're using the hose , so wherever the vacuum is sitting while you are using the hose is getting beat up by the constant spinning . It actually ripped through the upholstry of a chair when I had to prop the vacuum up to reach to the top of my drapes with the hose . Which leads me to the short hose . You ca n't reach anywhere high.I really do hate this vacuum . It is by far the worst performing vacuum I have ever had . It 's full of commonsense problems ! Come on Hoover , you can do better.I think I spend more time cleaning up after this vacuum than I actually do vacuuming .
 This is by far the worst vaccuum I 've ever owned ! It picks up no dirt -- just pushes it around . If you have a dog , do n't even consider this vaccuum . It takes me about eight sweeps over the same section just to pick up all of the dirt . Instead of three minutes to clean a small room , it takes nearly 20 . Two months after I bought this vacuum , the belt broke . Four months later , the vaccuum completely died . Not worth the money .
 I loved this vacuum at first with the auto-rewind . Auto-rewind is a must with my next vacuum . Unfortunately , this vacuum broke after only using it a handful of times . It got all clogged up . My dad tried to fix it to no avail . It 's going in the trash ...
 I know that companies design -LRB- very cleverly -RRB- products to go bad after a certain amount of time , and sure enough , this Hoover did just that after 1 year and 9 days . The motor overheated once last month -LRB- waited an hour and it reset -RRB- and then it just stopped sucking up anything soon thereafter -LRB- probably around 20 % of what it once was capable of -RRB- . Now it 's time to move on to another brand ... -LRB- MADE IN CHINA anyone ?! -RRB- There should be a Class Action set up for us against ALL companies -LRB- & their products -RRB- with ANY parts made in China . Times have changed .
 This started having no suction 5 days before the warranty ran out - lucky me ! So I rushed to a service center -LRB- 30 min drive -RRB- , then the guy says that it would n't be covered under warranty because its probably because there is a clog somewhere . And it would cost $ 90 to fix - more than a new one!He said all bagless vacs will die of lack of suction after not too long.Oh well , I did my part to try and save it from a landfill ... Anyways , this did a great job on carpet while it lasted . Hardwood floors it would just shoot the dust and rocks behind it . On carpeted stairs I could feel it shooting the rocks on my feet , and would always have to sweep the entryway after vaccuming the stairs .
 This vacuum is the worst product I have ever seen . After only a week of use I started having problems with the power switch . Then another week it kept burning up belts . The brush cylinder finally worrelled out the plastic at one end and is shot . Three weeks it lasted . I will never by another Hoover vacuum .
 MY HOOVER BROKE DOWN AFTER 4 USES IN A 10X10 ROOM . AFTER DRIVING 200 MILES TO A REPAIR SHOP THAT HAD BEEN CLOSED , I CALLED AND WAS ON HOLD FOR AT LEAST 45 MINUTES TO BE TOLD THAT I WOULD STILL HAVE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING TO SEND IN MY VACUUM . I SHIPPED IT BACK TO THEM FOR AN ADDITIONAL $ 30 . AFTER 3 MORE WEEKS I STILL HAD N'T RECEIVED MY NEW VACUUM , OR HAD ANY KIND OF FOLLOW UP CALL , SO I CALLED 3 TIMES , BEING ON HOLD FOREVER EACH TIME , UNTIL I COULD FINALLY GET A HOLD OF THE PERSON THAT I WAS SUPPOSED TO TALK TO . ALL THEY HAD TO SAY WAS , WELL WE NEVER GOT IT -LRB- THEY NEVER SAID WE HAD TO GET A TRACKING NUMBER -RRB- AND SINCE YOU CA N'T PROVE YOU SENT IT THEN WE ARE N'T GOING TO SEND YOU A NEW VACUUM . EVERYONE GIVES YOU THE RUN AROUND AND NO ONE WILL EVER RETURN YOUR CALLS WHEN YOU LEAVE A MESSAGE FOR THEM.DO NOT BUY A HOOVER UNLESS YOU WANT IT TO BREAK DOWN AND GET THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN THE WORLD . THEY WILL SCREW YOU OUT OF YOUR MONEY/VACUUM AND YOU WILL NEVER GET THE VACUUM FIXED OR REPAIRED . THIS IS THE WORST COMPANY IN THE WORLD WHEN IT COMES TO CUSTOMER SERVICE . THEY WILL SCREW YOU ANY WAY THEY CAN .
 This is the worst product I have ever used . It does n't pick up anything . The rewind cord is nice but it is the only thing about this vacuum cleaner that works .
 After second attempt it stopped sucking ... I am very unhappy with the product .
 The only good feature of this item is the self reel cord . This product is one of if not the worst vacuum I 've ever owned .
 Purchased this vacuum just after Christmas , wish I 'd read the reviews first . I 'm 64 so I 've had quite a few vacuums and this is the least user friendly one I 've ever owned . The only thing good about it is the retractable cord . It does n't pick up dog hair very well and after emptying , it 's a pain to get back together . I 'm taking it back to Target .
 I must dissent from the enthusiastic reviews . I have used it for the first time and with instruction book open . Despite emptying the bag , cleaning the filter , checking hose connection , etc. , I can not get the restricted yellow air flow indicator to go away . The only step left , according to the instruction booklet , is to disassemble the bottom and remove the agitator . This is too complicated for me -- and should not be necessary the first time the product is used . It is also hard to `` realign arrows '' -LRB- there is only 1 -RRB- and replace the filter cap . This feels cheap and probably will break fairly soon . Hoover wants me to spend on a toll call to speak to someone . This is the first time I have gotten a larger appliance through Amazon and I doubt if I can really repack it . The nearest Hoover Service Center is far away . This is one time I regret not going to a local store -- I could then dump it and ask for my money back .
 This vacuum was good when I first bought it last August . I loved the auto-rewind feature , but the vacuum simply stopped working a few days ago . Now I have to figure out if it 's worth fixing .
 This product has great features , slick design and really was pretty darn powerful for the first month or so that we used it . Then the suction kept getting worse and worse until finally after only FOUR months of owing this product it wont suck at all . I went in and cleaned everything out and made sure that there was no blockages etc but it still wo n't pick up.After struggling with this for a while my wife was talking to one of her friends who also purchased this vacuum . She also had the same problem . Their version worked for eight or nine months before it finally stoped working.It 's horrible having a product stop working after you 've disposed of the receipt , the box and the warranty information.I 'll never buy another Hoover product again !!!!
 I liked the vacuum cleaner when it arrived . I loved the retracting cord and I wonder why everyone does n't do it . It seems light weight and easy to use . I also like the way the cannister is designed.The belt that runs the floor brush broke 35 days into it . Now I ca n't return it to Amazon and Hoover does n't cover the belt under warranty.I now tend to agree with the other reviews that say that it is poorly built and the customer service is poor as well.update
 The unit works very well at begining . My wife ordered the second one based on the first one . So we have actually two of these Hoover Elite Rewind Bagless vaccums at our house -LRB- one for each floor -RRB- . Both units broke belt once within 6 months of use . No biggie . I took out 5 screws at bottom of each unit and replace belt for each unit . Now one of unit develop the suction issue . It simply wo n't pick up any thing anymore . I finally realized after took it apart that there is a filter inside of canister that is completely clogged up . I do n't think it is washable . I will need to replace the filter for each unit . Folks . You save money on bags but this one will get you on the filters -LRB- around $ 5 each -RRB- and probably last you 6 months of less . I have hardwood floors/tiles at my house . I have no pet but 3 kids . I suggest look else where for a good vaccum .
 Purchased at a store not Amazon . We loved this vaccum at first , good suction , cool rewind feature , good looks , and pretty lightweight compared to our Riccar . You might actually say it sucks a little bit too good because the very first 2 times used , the belt broke because it sucked up things unintentionally and stinky smoke poured out of it which remained in the house for hours !! Once it was a shoe string , and another time a table cloth . At first I blamed myself for vaccuming too close to these items , but one big negative is where the on/off button is located
 Within a week , it needed to be taken apart because the hoses were clogged . After about 4 months , the suction was very poor , and it had to be taken apart to clear the hoses before each use -LRB- I am not talking about emptying the canister and cleaning the filter - I did this before each use anyway -RRB- Now , after 6 months of use , it is going back to the store -LRB- under extended warranty -RRB- It does not work at all , only blows dust and dirt around .
 This vacuum `` leaks '' . It sucks up hairs and dust amazingly well . But it spits about 10 % of it back out . The vacuum is covered with a light film of dust after using it . It does n't pick up things larger than dust very well . It picks up pine needles and spews half of them back out.Other than being heavy and having a shorter cord than I 'd like the other features are great - emptying it is a breeze . The cord rewind is fine . The attachments are great . But I would not buy it again . Alice in AlaskaHoover U5507-900 Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless Upright Vacuum Cleaner
 I purchased one of these vacuums based on reviews such as those here . However , this Hoover is the worst one I have ever owned , Yes , it is powerful , but it is also very heavy and hard to push around . The canister that replaces a bag often gets plugged at the top and must be cleaned manually . Because of the power , the roller brush is very hard to direct on carpeting and it will not clean against the nap of a rug . The hook that holds the cord off the floor is not strong enough so the cord is constantly falling under the unit , and the accessories regularly fall off the handle during vacuuming . And , when it is time to clean the paper filter inside the canister , the job is very messy . I had an Oreck before purchasing this unit and now miss it very much .
 This vacuum has lost of great features , but I was disappointed to discover that it 's not good for people with long-haired pets . My dog 's hair clogs the hose and the canister and it 's a pain to get out . Do n't get this vacuum if you have a pet with long hair !
 I have owned a few vacuums over the years and this one by far takes the cake . It is lightweight and heavy duty . It sucks up everything on the floor ! It is amazingly easy to clean out the canister and the filters are just as easy to clean . The cord rewind is amazing , and it is so much better than having to wrap the cord manually . It allows me to pull just as much cord as I need . This vacuum works wonderfully.The only down fall is the bristles still turn while using the hand attachment , and it would be nice to have an extention to reach the high up places . Other than that I can not complain about this vacuum ! ** 4 months later ** this vacuum is terrible !!!! It stopped working and is actually spitting dust and dirt back out . It over heats if you use it longer than 10mins at a time . The attachments have stopped sucking all together and it barely sucks out of the vacuum . I am replacing this tuesday . This vacuum has been a huge let down and disappointment . I am very disappointed in the hoover name being on this product . Will def . never buy a vacuum online ever again .
 I purchased this thing in August , used it ONCE , and the belt broke . No biggie . Ran to the hardware store and bought another . It worked the next 2-3 times I used it , and now it 's overheating and otherwise useless . This thing is very , very cheaply made . It feels like a toy . There are better vacuums out there for the price .
 It had great suction for the first couple of months but then it started to gradually lose that strength - but we found nothing causing any blockage . The retractable cord is a pretty nifty feature but I sort of loss track of that when wrestling with the top handle that kept coming loose from the base - due to screw coming undone . It 's rather bulky . We tried to find a replacement screw but were unsuccessful . Then it just up and stopped working in the middle of cleaning the other day . It would n't turn on . We 've had it much less than a year . Complete bummer . I do n't recommend.We give two stars for extra long hose , a good effort on suction -LRB- the noise makes you `` feel '' like you 're driving a mustang when your suction is a pinto -RRB- and retractable cord nifty add-on thingie -- what can I say I like the sparklies ; -RRB-
 This thing is completely useless on carpets . I barely got through half our living room rug before it became completely clogged and wo n't suck up a thing . Even worse , everything that I thought I had gotten just fell out when I turned it off . I took apart all the filters and cleaned out all the moving parts before realizing that the clog was in the hose . Now , every time I vacuum the carpet the same story ! It 's useless to me .
 I bought this vacuum , knowing I wanted a hoover to replace my last one that is still working hard at over 12 + years . So I knew the quality Hoover brand makes . However I was worrisome about the no bag feature , I really liked the easy dump button . I was really anticipating the arrivial of my new vacuum , and was dissapointed from the moment I got it together . Its suction is very good sense the air flow is direct.Having three dogs and sometimes more with my friends dog always visiting , I was able to put it to the test . Picking up the hair was a bonus on its suction power , but when they tore up a stuffed toy it was really bothersome . What my previous hoover could do this one was no match.The fluff was scattered around by the vacuums brush , when I tried the hose attachment it only clogged the vacuum . To finish cleaning up the mess this vacuum left , I had to use my old vacuum.I tried everything to unclog the hose , it took almost an hour to get the clog out . The airflow device which shows a clog is still not the same when using the hose , to pick up minor things . It has not become hindering to the vacuum experiance . I have returned this vacuum in hopes of finding something that holds up to the Hoover name sake . I am planning on buying the Hoover Duros S3590 Canister Vacuum Cleaner , for only a few pennies more.Hoover S3590 Duros Power Nozzle Canister Vacuum
 Nothing like opening a package and finding a piece missing while you try to assemble and then repacking and sending back . I do n't believe I have ever sent back a product to Amazon but while I know Hoover has a good reputation , the assembly was frustating even without the missing piece . Will likely limit my purchases in the future to something that I am less likley to get stuck sending back .
 This stand was easy to put together except for the wheel casings . The wheels also do not stand up to the weight of the hitachi 32 '' television set that I bought to go along with it , the wheels are already bent .
 In agreement with a previous review . These spoons are reasonably sturdy , but are very small -- the picture is a bit deceiving . You get what you pay for , what can I say ?
 I buy this exact same product at my local grocery store for $ 2.50 . That being said , I buy them because I like them . I am looking for something better though . The wood these spoons are made out of is pretty soft and sometimes hard to clean . One of them even broke on me the other day .
 Ok , so I bought these just to get my order up so I could get free shipping . I wish I had picked something else . They feel cheap . And , I went to Wal-Mart and saw the same brand in a set of 4 for less than half the price . So disappointing . I would return them , but it 's too late now . I recommend getting something else . These are not good quality utensils and you can get them cheaper elsewhere .
 Have not received yet and ordered a month ago !! movie goods will not reply to my emails on where this is . . wont order there again !
 This shows up under digital ... but if you look closer it reads ... Tuner Technology
 I ordered this product because it was cute and I needed a new oil and vinegar dispenser . It 's much smaller than it looks in the picture . The vinegar is supposed to go in the middle but in reality I use more vinegar than oil when I am dressing a salad so this portioning did not work for me.The vinegar kept needing to be refilled . It is hard to get clean . I first put it in the dishwasher but it came out with oil residue on the inside . Then I soaked it in soapy water but still there was oil residue on the inside . I would not recommend this product . I will be buying separate oil and vinegar bottles in the future .
 Bought this can crusher instead of the original the crusher . I should of stuck with what I knew would work . I have this set up in a bar for a true test . I maybe got one or two months use before the handle broke . Going to buy metal The crusher and save money .
 I purchased 3 of these can crusher systems . When I put them up , the smell was horrible . Some sort of chemical smell . They had to be taken down and moved off of the screened porch areas . So , I decided to wait for a week or so and hopefully the odor would subside . After about 3 weeks I put the can crusher back up and it was used for about 8 cans and the whole base broke . I am not happy with these crushers at all .
 when i first received the product , it worked ok . my grandaughter who is almost 5 and wiegh 40 pounds , bent both rods an now it is broke and usless
 This crusher worked well at first then bent like other reviewers said . Hope the manufactuer sees this and replaces it.Does not last as long as it should.Need another one , any suggestions ??????????
 `` Wow , I 'm so disappointed with this can crusher . I chose this item because of the great reviews . It broke the FIRST time I used it . The screws snapped cleanly out of the base when the handle was pulled down . Not very much force was used . The screws remained in the wall and I was left holding the crusher in my hand . Obvisouly , will be returning the collection bin too . ''
 This thing is JUNK ! After crushing only 4 ... yes 4 cans it snapped in two . Way over priced for the quality . It 's nothing but plastic . I would recommend spending a lot less on a different product ... which will probably quarantee at least more than 4 total cans crushed over the life of the product .
 The metal rods have bent after using it on 14 cans rendering it unusable ! In fact , it bent on a Smaller Tomato paste can . Ca n't say I would recommend this product based on my experience - also , takes some force to crush the cans to 3/4 of there size - does not flatten them completely . Thought I was doing the right thing !
 My old crusher gave up after 14 years , a sturdy heavy duty steel design that failed at its ' mount points ; it came off the wall and there was no way to fix it . Did some research and this seemed to be a suitable replacement . I liked the hands-free can release , meaning less touch and faster than the old one . I was skeptical about the plastic material but against better judgement bought it anyway . It arrived less than two weeks ago and is already worn out.I recycle annually , so I set out to crush my can collection last weekend . I mounted it on a wall in the garage , placed a bin undeneath and began crushing . It performed great ; I kept the metal rods lubricated as other reviews had indicated binding problems . That spanned about 1,200 cans in a few hours , I was ready to cave and admit the plastic was good enough.This weekend I resumed can crushing , hoping to finish up and visit the redemption center . However , at about 2,100 cans it began to bind . I was diligent about keeping the rods lubricated , but the dissimilar material friction points do not hold up with use . I tried to keep going but it became a two-handed operation to keep the top from severely binding on the rods , finally gave up at ~ 2,700 cans.With some design changes , this could be the last crusher anyone ever needed , but I would n't recommend until critical friction points are redesigned to be more robust . I now need to work on returning it since it arrived less than two weeks ago .
 Reading reviews I thought I would get a few years out of the `` CRUSHER '' after modifications which I joyfully chewed through cans of all types for 35 days . I mounted it to a 1/4 '' thick mild steel plate slightly larger than it 's overall size with two extra holes I drilled for rigidity after other crushers ' units reported failure . Well my unit 's body remained rigid but the left hand mounting point for the stress bearing pivot sheared making it useless . I will not order another due to poor casting design for the plastic . 1/8 '' more here , extra ribbing there ... MaybeeAll in all too bad .
 This print arrived today ; as soon as I unrolled it I realized I had made a mistake with this purchase . The quality is worse than if I had printed it on `` fast draft '' on my inkjet printer . The colors are incredibly under saturated , the contrast is extremely low , and the details are blurry.The original work is dark , and bright , with every shade of red and gold and grey . This is predominantly beige and brownish-orange . I never expected them to be able to replicate the actual metallic paint in the `` 5 '' in the center , but the colors of this whole print are way off.Furthermore , the entire painting is not on this print - about an inch all the way around is missing - in the original painting , on the right hand side , the window says '' ... ART CO. '' however this print has the `` CO. '' cut off.This print is going in the trash .
 I 've had this scale for a few years now and I 've just come to expect to see a different reading each time I step on the scale . I have to take a few readings and average them . Sometimes the difference between one weighing and the next is as much as four pounds.Also , the scale supposedly has a `` fat analyzer '' feature , but I was just looking at it a moment ago , and I have no idea how to activate this feature . I can set up to 10 separate users , entering age , height , sex , and `` fit level '' for each , but there 's no mechanism I see for having the scale analyze anything except my weight -LRB- which it does poorly , as I mentioned -RRB- . The last straw for this scale was my recent visit to my doctor 's office . They had just installed a new digital scale , and according to it , my Salter was registering 15 pounds under the actual weight . Considering that there 's no obvious way to adjust this digital scale , that 's just too much .
 Unfortunately , I 'm not able to write review to grater on picture , because I have n't received this one . I received different type of grater . That one has different handle and is much more steep than a grater on amazon picture , is not conical at all . I did n't want this . I wrote an email with picture and UPC bar code -LRB- EAN bar code -RRB- to acehardwareoutlet . They answered me that according the the UPC bar code this is exactly what I ordered.I wanted to return it , but they return policy is too strong . I have to send it back via a traceable shipping method , I have to insure the merchandise for the full retail value and there is a 10 % or $ 5 restocking fee , whichever is larger , on all merchandise returned . I find this very unfair . It is not my fault that there is different picture of if on amazon.Well , in any case , do n't buy it if you choose it from picture -LRB- like I did -RRB- .
 KitchenAid is a solid name , but they have jobbed out to China.This product , is being dumped by stores I contacted . Over a 20 % failure rate in the first minute . I have run through two of them.If it works more than a minute , start sweating the 90 day store guarantee . They blew it . Loser , all the way .
 You have to cut the food into smaller pieces Then you have to open it and move the food stuck on the sides back down for futher chopping . More often than not I had a hard time releasing it from the base.Please let me know if there is a good chopper / . dicer around ... . other than hte big food processors
 I do n't love this . It minces onions more than chops . I should have sent it back but did n't want to package it up and mail it .
 The blade tends to pop up and disengage from the motor shaft . It 's really a design problem ; I 've had an old B&D ; mini chopper and a new cheapo brand chopper and neither have this problem . One easy fix is to insert a screw into the top center of the plastic blade post , so that it is flush with the cover , to keep the blade anchored down.The button also became very hard to push after a year or so . In short , they do n't make 'em like they used to !
 I find the reviews that extol this as a long-serving workhorse quite interesting -- and frustrating . I had this chopper and used it only about a half dozen times , though had it over a year . It just stopped working . B&D customer service did n't even express regret at my experience and refused to do anything about it . Since I had a B&D toaster oven -LRB- almost $ 100 on sale -RRB- that also gave out after just over a year , I wo n't be buying any more of their products .
 Very poor quality . Parts do n't fit well which makes it difficult to take off the base and put back on . Power button must be pressed HARD .
 So today I decided to give it a try and it does n't have US Plugs so now I have to get a adapter . So pissed and thank GOD it tried it today before thanksgiving very disappointed !!!
 i opened it today , after a month of getting this . I does n't work - when i connect it to power , the blade does n't turn . . Is there anything i need to do and have missed ? I have never had a bad experience with anything Amazon sold me before .
 The box had been repackaged . The push button only worked if the pressure was applied in one small particular spot on the button ... my assessment is that the device had been returned as faulty and was resold . I will not be returning so no one else can receive the same faulty item .
 Creates mush , and not uniform either , big chunks and mush . I wanted it to chop up peppers and like foodstuffs .
 When you use this product hold tight as it vibrates , is noisey , and the ` chopping ' is minimal . Using it requires pre-cutting then the attempt at chopping , then cleaning the thing . Might as well use your cutting board for all the chopping .
 The chopper will not work unless all parts are lined up exactly right . Although I have had it for several months , it is still very difficult to get them lined up -LRB- or know if they are lined up - you just have to try it , then take it back apart and try again -RRB- . I often give up and get out my knife.If there were very large arrows or something it might help , but a royal pain to use.Note also for many items it is more of a fine shred or puree than a chop ; not everyone will like the consistency .
 I find this chopper to be frustrating and ineffective . Food is always getting under the blades , pushing them up so that the blade is no longer caught by the drive shaft . This happens chopping something as easily chopped as onions , so forget having any success at the harder items , like nuts!The button is also very difficult to press . My young children used to help out on the kitchen by using the mini-chopper , but everyone except my 9 year old are unable to do so.I 'm shopping for a new model ... and hoping for better luck !
 I need something to chop and/or puree small portions of ingredients until I can get used to new dentures . I thought this would be just the thing . Boy , was I wrong . The blades were made of poor metal and they kept coming lose when it was n't jamming on carrots or radishes . Finally , two months out of warranty the motor crapped out altogether . I guess Black and Decker is trusting too much in Chinese design and fabrication instead of doing it all themselves , as they did when they were building a reputation for quality . I 'll pay more next time and buy something better . My B. & D. chopper went into the trash . Money wasted . Good riddance to bad rubbish .
 I just threw this away . I am a cook and I know what I need and what a good product can do . The pieces do n't fit together easily and jiggling and fooling around is necessary to get it to close correctly before it will turn on . Then it jams unless the raw food is already basically diced up . That is why it is worthless . If the food has to be diced up small -LRB- carrots , onions , etc -RRB- ahead of time , then I do n't need this product ; I will just continue to cut it up smaller from a basic dice . I will look for a manual hand chopper ; this one is not worth the time and frustration .
 The size is way to small to actually help with chopping anything . An onion has to be cut into 8 to 10 small pieces and can be chopped in 2 to 3 roundsAlso getting the jar aligned to start the chopper is a task in itself . Getting the jar out is another painful task/it 's made life more difficult instead of helping with the choppingI had an old model some years ago and I really miss that
 I wanted this to chop nuts and grains . It can barely chop almonds . I have a tiny one cup herb grinder that is even better . Do n't bother buying this unless cucumbers are the only thing you need to chop !
 Poorly made , difficult to use , parts do not fit well.Avoid this product . Only good about it was that it was cheap .
 As somebody else mentioned , i too face the same problem when chopping carrots . The Blade would just pop upwards and not work . It would be very difficult to put it back down after opening it again as some carrots would go under the blade . Very VERY frustrating . Would have to take out everything , chop it finer by hand and put it back in and pray it does not pop back up . FAIL
 I bought this product because it was a good price for what I needed -- a strong little chopper for those small jobs like herbs and garlic . Unfortunately , it would n't even chop a blade of sage , let alone rosemary . After using it with no effect , I 'd wash it , put it back on the shelf , and try again a month later . Finally after doing this four times I threw the darn thing out . Waste of money and time ! The problems
 this thing is simply not for chopping food . maybe you can mix a cocktail with it . better give this $ 10 to the poor .
 I got this chopper to chop food for my -LRB- vermiculture -RRB- composting worms , since they do better w / finely chopped food . It makes a mush , which is great for them -LRB- maybe not for people , though -RRB- . I had to open it to scrape stuff down to the blades , IF I could get it to open . My biggest annoyance is that the lid does n't always slide into the locking apparatus & frequently stays stuck in it once I 've gotten it in & the food chopped -LRB- to mush -RRB- . So you might be able to chop your food , but you might NOT get it out of the machine . Currently my machine is unlocked w / chopped food in it , but the bowl part is still stuck to the base , as I ca n't get the lid/bowl to turn any more to come undone the rest of the way . My wrist was hurting from trying to undo it all . Good thing no one was around to hear me cursing @ the machine ! Do n't buy it . It gets 1 star because it made what my worms needed -- but because it 's such a nuisance locking/unlocking the bowl into the base , that 's a generous rating . I expected a better product from B&D !
 I can not seem get the dots and lid to line it up properly to make it start . Poorly designed . Would not order again .
 So noisy . It disturb everybody at home when in operation . Chopping capabilities are okay but not very good . Not suggesting to buy .
 I totally love this little chopper . Two have broken on me now , though . The plastic that flips it into place jammed both times . I wo n't be a sucker for a third time .
 This is a cool little appliance , but the only thing it 's worth chopping is about half of an onion . It 's great for chopping up small amounts needed for certain recipies that may call for a table spoon of minced pepper or garlic , but other than that , spend the extra money on a full sized food processor . I would have to say cute , not functional .
 I bought this processor to replace the wonderful B&D mini chopper I 'd had for over a decade -LRB- only because they finally stopped making new blades for it . -RRB- I expected similar quality , but was totally disappointed . The blade assembly does not fit snugly in the cup , so it slips around and does n't chop well . The base cracked within the first few times I used the unit -LRB- with no abuse whatsoever -RRB- . Shortly thereafter the lid cracked too . At one year old , it is completely worthless and I am replacing it -LRB- with a cuisinart -RRB- .
 The photo on the box displays perfectly diced/chopped veggies . However , I got this item as a gift and when I used it I was greatly disappointed . It recommends `` pulsing '' the button . This does NOT help . You either have to constantly open up the lid and re-adjust the veggies , OR you can hold the button down and you just end up with inedible , unusable vegetable mush . I was really disappointed . I 'm trying to figure out how to return mine .
 When I unpackaged this &#34; chopper , &#34; I caught myself thinking &#34; huh ! this blade looks just like my blender 's ! I wonder how they made it chop and not blend !? &#34; Answer
 Not very good at all , I bought this to make hummus and it did n't do well at all , never got the mxture to blend well at all and the machine was very noisy also !
 It really does n't do what i needed it to do.It was cheap so you get what you pay for .
 I purchased this on 24th July and it stopped working on 30th June.Also its not very useful to grind finely . I will not recommend it for Indian cooking .
 this is a piece of gunk , it does not work.bought 2 of these and it is very loud , do not buy this you will be very dissappointed .
 I know , I know , terribly silly of me to just grab the thing and threw it into the trashcan , but it was a moment of ` going postal ' , I just lost it ! It 's the third time in a row that something I bought from amazon.com came defective and I was in a hurry , and tried to get this thing going once , twice , the motor took a deep breath , turned and whizzed , and then stopped , then came alive and stopped again . I dismantled it , reinstated it , tried again ... and then it got stuck ... and ... well , I just lost it . I still need an onion chopper . I know amazon would have taken it back and given credit or another unit . But I saw red , what can I tell you ? Needed to vent my frustration , break some legs , and ended up punishing myself :--LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 This item was of absolutely no use when it comes to cutting/chopping vegetables . The container is small , cleaning is difficult . The blades just cut the vegetables so fine that it turns to gravy . Also , to use this one has to cut the vegetables into smaller pieces anyways , so it is better to spend 10 more seconds and cut them further . -LRB- I am a student and thought this would help me quicken the process - but the answer is a resounding NO . -RRB- This product does not deserve the praise it got from others . Definitely do not recommend this to anyone .
 The Black & Decker 1-1/2 cup electric chopper was purchased to provide a second chopper . The first chopper was purchased several years ago and has been an excellent product . However , this chopper is a different story . It is a very noisy chopper . It sounds as though the gears have no lubrication and will soon be ground to dust . Also , the plastic lid was extremely difficult to rotate to engage the safety switch.Performance was so bad the chopper was returned to Amazon for replacement . Amazon 's performance was very good , including free return postage , and the replacement soon arrived . The replacement was also very noisy but the plastic lid operation was better . Except for the noise , operation is satisfactory . I believe this chopper will have a short life . This experience and similar problems with other Black & Decker products , all made in China , have soured my opinion of Black & Decker.I do not recommend this product .
 I received this as a gift and it was dead on arrival . I called Black & Decker customer support and was told that I can exchange it for a working chopper if I paid all the shipping & handling costs of mailing them the plug -LRB- for proof -RRB- and having them ship me a new one . The total cost comes out to about $ 9 , which is n't worth it considering the $ 11 price of this chopper . I 'm just going to throw it away .
 Purchased this to give to my mom for Christmas . Arrived on time however , it was just in the normal Black & Decker box and by looking at it , I could tell it had taken a beating . I made sure I kept all the paperwork just in case . My mother was eccastic when she opened her gift however , a week later when she went to use it ... . NOTHING ! Tried several times and several outlets -LRB- she lives in an apt . -RRB- and nothing worked . She then brought it to me and we tried here as well . In fact , at one point it did start but lasted only approx . 5 seconds ! I 'm now returning it back . Amazon requests you send back in a box ... I will wrap with paper and add label and forward that way . If Amazon can not do the decency of sending out packages -LRB- especially with electronics -RRB- properly , why should I spend extra money to send it back ... it 's damaged goods anyways .
 I received this from someone else , I do n't even want to call it a gift , because it 's that awful . I was somewhat excited to use it since chopping is my least favorite kitchen activity . I have a Ninja that works great for food processing and blending , but chopping is always so time-consuming . I thought something small and easy would be great . When I took it out of the box I was confused as to how this would `` chop '' anything , as the set-up of the blades is similar to a blender . But hey , Black & Decker has been doing this appliance thing for a while , so they know more about the mechanics than I do . I gave it a try . I put half of an onion in there for the first use -- what a joke ! It turned it to mush , literally . I could n't even use the onion in my dish - it just turned it to mush and I had to throw it away . Pure garbage ! So , I thought maybe I was just doing it wrong because there is no way it could be that bad . So , I put the other half of the onion in and instead of just pressing the button , I pulsed it . But that did n't work either -- the blades spin wildly around and just destroy anything in their path ! They must have chopped those vegetables in the picture with a knife before putting them in the container , because there is NO WAY those were chopped as a result of using this piece of crap . Ok , I know it 's cheap and I should n't expect miracles from this -- but this should NOT be called a `` chopper '' -- it does n't even chop !! Maybe a mincer or a blender , at best . This went in the garbage . You 're better off spending the $ 10 on a sandwich .
 I received the box and noticed it was a little damaged . When I opened the box packing material and instruction paper was missing . On top of this the blades looked like they have been used . I threw it out . The thought of it being used then returned for resale is sick .
 It 's a good thing we also purchased the Two-Touch Electric Chopper . That one is excellent!I tried this one for our birds ' dinner . It was hard to set up . Once I set it up , and went to push the button , it would not work . It was defective !!!! Rather than take it back to our Post Office and return it for a new one , it immediately when into the trash ! We were not going to pay extra and get a bad one again!We immediately got the other one , and took the food out , and it chopped the food excellently!Now our birds can have their food!I would not recommend this at all !
 i receive it , now to plug and go.Smoke came out of itlow money = low quality ...
 After using twice , it was no longer possible to remove the blade shaft , and therefore not possible to remove the bowl to wash it . I have spent hours on hold on the phone trying to get Black and Decker on the phone to complain . Do n't waste your time and money on this item .
 $ 15.99 wasted on this useless gadget . The positives
 I bought this bigger chopper to replace a much small one , to save time . What I ended up with was a chopper that took more time to chop because the blade keeps popping up when it is turned on . The food pushes up against the blade as it chops , there is nothing that holds it down to stop this from occurring . What a waste of money and time , I would not recommend .
 This B&D is the right size and its small footprint would make it perfect for my kitchen ... if only it did what it 's supposed to do ! It does n't really chop , it turns things into mush - as if you had used a blender . Even experimenting with pulsing time and length does n't yield chopped produce for , say , making salsa -LRB- I wish it turned out salsa as good-looking as the product picture -RRB- . May be good for baby food , but if chopping is what you need , this is n't the right tool for that . Oh , and let 's not forget to mention that it is also extremely loud . No , thanks .
 This product varies little from a small size blender . It is a stretch to label it a chopper . It is incapable of chopping raw carrots and minces onions into small particles . It lacks the power to handle difficult chopping assignments .
 I used to own a Magic Bullet but had to replace it . I was looking for something temporary until I make a big investment . The reviews for this chopper seemed descent so I bought it only to be disappointed . This chopper does not have the power to blend fine mix . I can barely use it . I would not recommend this product even if it 's cheap .
 This machine worked fine until it just stopped . Although we 'd had it maybe two years , it was not used often , maybe 20 times tops . So rather disappointed . Called Black & Decker customer service , but they were neither helpful nor sympathetic . Since we had a Black Decker mini oven that also died an early death , will not buy that brand again . They just do n't make things as well as they used to .
 the chopper is super load when it 's turned on . it does not really chop big pieces , you have to sort of manually chop them first to make the pieces small .
 Black & Decker HC306 Chopper arrived broken.Very dissappointed . So excited ready to use it . Hard to get to post office .
 I can not recommend this product to anyone.We ordered this to replace an old Black and Decker Handy Chopper we have had for 15 years.The earlier model still works fine - but the plastic bowl & cover have many fatigue cracks after so many years of use.We shopped all the local stores to find a replacement . But nobody seems to carry it.So , we ordered from Amazon . We were excited when the new chopper arrived . But were completely disappointed when we plugged it in for the first time . This new machine is horrendously noisy . It sounds as if the motor has not been balanced at all and the plastic will vibrate apart on its own . There is NO WAY we could stand to use such a noisy piece of junk . We promptly shipped it back to Amazon for a refund.We have still not found a suitable replacement for our old unit , which is still limping along .
 Motor on this product barely turns at first , makes awful noises , and then seems to `` loosen up '' after using it for a while . Had the same product previously and it worked great , so second one is obviously a lemon . However , 50/50 on product quality gets you a 1 in my book . When it works , it is a handy little chopper , especially since my wife likes to make everything from scratch and size and form factor are good . Buyer beware of quality .
 Bought this chopped after having had wonderful experiences with 2 of the original B&D 2-speed chopper . The 2 speed chopper is a kitchen must have , but it 's not longer produced . The new single speed replacement is disappointing . Going from 2 speeds to 1 forces you to pulse to control the chop size -LRB- to avoid juicing the item -RRB- , the bowl is VERY difficult to remove , the instructions do not note that there is a trick -LRB- squeeze & turn -RRB- to remove the bowl . This is a problem if your hands are damp or you do n't have major hand strength . Got rid of the new unit , pulled out the old one and will continue to hand sharpen the blade and pray the motor holds up . Sadly no replacement blades are available for my wonderful little chopped . Save your money and time and passt on this unit .
 Very disappointing.I 've owned the original version of this product for years , and love it immensely!However , my blades are finally dulling -LRB- the poor thing has worked hard in this household ! -RRB- , and it was only a couple bucks more to buy the `` new & improved '' model , versus just the replacement blade + shipping -LRB- very sad , really -- the shipping cost for just the blade was as much as the blade ! -RRB- . . The new model is awful , just awful . The container does n't ` fit ' right , it 's extremely hard to snap on/off into the grooves . Then , trying to fit the lid on also ` sticks ' even more . . And when you want to pop the lid off , that ` sticks ' to the container so much , that simply rotating the lid , unlocked the container too , which dislodged the blade a bit , getting food underneath , etc etc.What an utter disaster.New unit promptly went in the trash , out came my old faithful with the new blade . . How could B&D ; utterly * ruin * such a fantastic little product ? I love my little chopper for pulverizing small amounts , where the big food processor is just too large . -LRB- e.g. a few cloves of garlic & a bit of onion ! -RRB- Oh , a tip for any folks having trouble with the unit : I find picking up the unit & shaking it , while it 's chopping , helps speed things up & significantly reduces the need to stop/scrape .
 I bought this to replace an older model because the plastic basket had gotten very worn . Unfortunatly this new one is more difficult to use because the plastic basket is very difficult to properly engage in the base . It seems that the plastic nubs that engage are just a bit too big , and every time I have to force it together I am afraid that I am going to crack the plastic basket.I loved the old model I had and that is why I replaced it with this one.I have been tempted to contact Black and Decker about this , but have n't so far .
 I purchased this product in January and today had to chop some herbs for a receipe and guess what it did not chop Rosemary or Basil . I am really mad that it is to late to return !
 the small print says that the onion has to be in 3/4 in chunks to start . Well , that is not much help at all . Also comes with a little tab lock on the plug to ensure that you can not return it as new even though it most certainly does not work for my needs . May work for salsa or herbs . Do n't know yet , but this is certainly not what I wanted ! Back to my big kitchen aid .
 I have had an older version that still works to this time even after 6 years . Last year I bought a newer version that looked like the one on the photo above , because i was impressed with the older version but was concerned that the blades were getting dull . However , when chopping carrots or even onions , a chunk would , at some point , get trapped between the cover and the top of that blade 's central piece , or the blade itself would tend to rise upward due to the effect of the cetrifugal force then would be disengaged from the rotator so the blades stopped rotating . Very frustrating ! So I threw the new one away after several days of trying to use it , and put back the old version on my countertop , which to this day I am still using to chop small amounts of veggies -LRB- I do have a Cuisinart 11-cup food for bigger amounts and for pureeing -RRB- . Too bad the new blades would not fit in the old chopper . They do n't sell the older version now , which was labeled `` Handy Chopper Plus '' and has got a bigger switch -LRB- another feature that I found better than the round button in the new one -RRB- .
 I got this based on the many positive reviews here and I 'm totally disappointed . It does not chop , a little bit of the peppers I experimented with turned to some unedible mush , the bulk just spins around in the bowl . Totally useless .
 The Black & Decker Chopper Plus did not work if you put more than 1/2 the container full of your ingredient . I was not happy with the product . I have had one for years and it works alot better than this one , but I had lost the blade to it and had to purchase this one .
 This compact chopper was a replacement for one that finally wore out after many years.This new chopper does not get the job done . I used it to chop onions/celery etc. for use in stuffings , eggs etc. . It took way too long to get things chopped and even then they were n't chopped enough . It ran so long it felt like I would burn out the motor.Can not recommend .
 The origial model 300HA was better because the blades were closer together and did a better job of quick chopping small quantities . This model is still worth while and a valuable addition to any food preparation area . Too bad you just can not buy replacement blades . .
 I normally do n't give 1 star reviews ... but since the product did n't even work was just disappointing.Well maybe I got unlucky and received a defect , but I do n't think I 'll be ordering it again .
 I bought this chopper to replace a similar one that broke after 3 years of intense use and that worked very well . I 've used the new one to chop carrots and the blade ca n't chop through the pieces of carrot , it ends up just spinning uselessly . I 'm very disapointed that a Black & Decker product is of such poor quality . To the garbage bin it goes !
 We had high expectations with this , based on other reviews.We make pesto for home use with our old one that was my grandmothers for we do n't know how long . Grandmother 's was a different brand too.Anyways . We opened it , put the stuff in to make a small batch of pesto and we had to trash that batch and the chopper started smoking , as if it were overloaded.It 's bad if you need to chop anything more than water , and even then , I think it would be bad at it .
 Good evening the following email is to notify the order Placed Order : March 30 , 2011View Order Details | View InvoiceOrder Number
 Worst piece of junk I have ever seen . Bought mine from Walmart , Cover was broken . Got second unit , Chopped 4 hard boiled eggs -LRB- would not take more -RRB- . Added chopped olives , cover would not mate . Tried numerous times to no avail . What a wast of money . Probably wo n't buy another B&D ever . I am not a complainer But this really ticked me off .
 This item was a Christmas gift that does n't work.I sent the seller feedback indicating that the product did n't work and to date have not received a response.I will never buy another item from this company - Brand Variety again.This is an item that is inexpensive that had great reviews which caused me to buy it.Having to review this product is unfair to the Black & Decker co. esp . since the product does n't work at all.Perhaps there should be an additional option for reviews on Amazon , ` i.e. ' unable to review and a commit given .
 First off , the lights are n't bright enough . Second , the fan is too loud . Third , and the reason why I 'm returning it , the magnetron blew out after 2 months of lite use . Luckily , Home Depot will still let me return it , because Maytag will repair it but they wo n't replace it .
 I purchased two units -- one for our home and one for our vacation home . Within a few days , the unit at home was no longer making good crema . The water pump at the one at our vacation home died within about 10 uses.I 'm sending both units back and buying another brand.If they had worked properly , I 'm not sure I would have like them even then . The design of this unit is `` odd '' . I 've had home espresso machines for 12 years and this one is just weird . If you remove the espresso coffee holder too soon after you brew , the grounds and steam explode all over . I also suspect that the thermostat is broken . It allows the water to boil -- which does not make tasty coffee.Overall , I hate this unit . I 'm going back to shopping !
 I confess , I like Starbucks . I like to have my cappuccino made for me . I also like to make my own on occaision.This machine worked well for a while and then it seemed to be clogged after a couple of months of not being used . There were two available options for service . One company in my whole state who was 2 hours away and the manufacturers rep in NY . I chose NY . I did n't get it out until after the year was up , although I had gotten a number at 10-11 months.They charged me $ 70 to fix the machine , claiming that -- I -- did something to one of the hoses.Gaggia Esspresso is a great machine , but do n't expect service if something goes wrong . I laid out over $ 200 for the machine which I rarely used . Then another $ 70 - $ 80 bucks to get it fixed when it should have been covered by warranty.Next time I 'll buy another brand . I wo n't reccommend any other one , because I do n't want you to think I work for a different brand . I do n't
 The machine works as advertised but I was very dissapointed in the quality of construction . While I fully understood that the machine was constructed of plastic and not metal i did expect that the plastic pieces comprising the body of the machine to properly fit together . The machine was a gift and so I could not return it otherwise I WOULD HAVE !
 We ordered one of these from Amazon , but when they were out of stock for several weeks , we decided to get it elsewhere . We kept it for only 2 days before we realized it was a big mistake , and sent it back . We have had a series of less expensive espresso machines for about 10 years now . Our first few were the cheapo steam models , and then we moved up to a low-end Briel pump-type . It worked okay but started to leak after a few years , so we decided to try another brand.Our main complaint about the Gaggia Espresso is that we could not get decent crema out of it at all , and it was way too hard to use . It comes with a little rubber disc called a `` Perfect Crema '' , which you are supposed to insert in the portafilter under the filter basket to make crema . Well , with that disc in place , it was next to impossible to make the portafilter go into the machine because the filter basket would not push down far enough into the portafilter holder . We finally jammed it in once after a huge amount of effort , and got decent crema , but the next time , after we had removed it to clean it -LRB- quite a procedure in itself to pry it out -RRB- , we could n't get it back in again . Without that disc it makes okay-tasting coffee , but no crema at all . It certainly did not seem worth the effort to us to attempt this hassle every time we make espresso -LRB- which we do at least twice a day -RRB- , since you are supposed to remove and clean the crema disc after each use.I also agree with the person who said the construction is kind of cheap . The first one we got arrived with the plastic water tank shattered , which makes me wonder how long it would last in daily use and regular cleaning.We ultimately got a Krups XP 4000 -LRB- I believe this is a new model -RRB- , which is the same price as the Gaggia Espresso . So far -LRB- after about a week -RRB- we are quite happy with the Krups . It 's much simpler to use , and makes excellent espresso.Incidentally , I do n't want to mention the exact name of the company where we got the machine we returned , since it might not be permitted by Amazon , but you will see this place advertised all over the web for selling espresso makers . They have a pretty good web site , but I would n't recommend dealing with them , as they have been very slow in crediting our account for the returned machine .
 Please DO NOT BUY this total P.O.S. I got this board from a local big chain store at a small fraction of the price here , and still it was not worth it . Had I paid the currently thirty-seven buckos listed here , I would be absolutely outraged and fuming . For the first three weeks or so , I was thrilled . Nice solid feel , aesthetically pleasing as heck , and perfectly sized . Soon after , however , one of the lighter colored side panels started to separate from the main board . Started with an inch or so , but within a week or two after that , it was hanging on by merely about two inches . I saw that the reason was that the center darker main board was warping/curling at an alarming rate , while the side panels , laminated opposite lengthwise , remained straight and flat . It got so bad that I just snapped it off and sanded off the rough edges . A bit ticked off but accepting that I now still have a slightly smaller board , warped but still usable , I was OK with it . Now , just a week or so after that , I see that even the darker main board is starting to split at the seams . Soon , I 'll end up with a cutting surface of loosely flapping chopsticks . For all the skeptics , I 'll clearly inform you that I ALWAYS hand wash it with a sponge and soap and warm water - NEVER allowing it to soak - and standing it in the drying rack right away . Just a couple of minutes of water exposure . Seeing two positive reviews here , I wonder if I did n't get a lemon . But this one is soooo ridiculously bad that I ca n't imagine them possibly being better in general . I mean , the glue they use must be water soluble or something . Also , I wonder if they think about how to work with the grain and natural curl of the bamboo . Horrible !
 Before Easter last year I decided to get rid of the plain white cheap dishes that I had bought 13 years ago from Marshall Fields . I thought it would be nice to have a little color and the Studio Nova dishes had all kinds of great colors . I was sure they would serve me well for years to come -LRB- as my previous cheap dishes had -RRB- so I did n't mind spending $ 65 on a box of four place setting . I bought service for twelve . I even bought serving pieces , salt and pepper shaker etc. ... When the first couple of pieces chipped I thought perhaps I was careless -LRB- although my last dishes never had this problem -RRB- . I took greater care with them and yet they countinued to chip . Less than a year later I only have 2 salad plates , 3 dinner dishes , a salt shaker , a sugar bowl and 3 soup bowls . What a complete waste of my money . Never again will I make this mistake . Thank goodness I kept my old dishes .
 Item arrived w/two broken caps -LRB- which have the name printed on top to identify the spice -RRB- . It might be possible to obtain replacement caps at a local hardware store , but not w/the names printed on them . It was wrapped , but the hard plastic caps were broken because they are not subtantial -LRB- as in the caps/lids for the bottles of spices purchased in the grocery stores -RRB- - just thin , black plastic caps . Would not recommend this item - not a quality product .
 the box sucks . there is no cushioning and there are 12 glass containers inside 3 flimsy boxes . i was n't expecting much quality but i was expecting the product to arrive whole . One of the seasoning jars shattered completely with the cap and two other caps were broken.Not satisfied at all.Probably not returning it because its such a hassle .
 I bought this rice cooker for my new apartment in January ; it was broken by mid February . I bought it because it was attractively priced and had decent reviews compared to the other ones I was looking at . I used the rice cooker around ten times , and when it broke , I learned that the limited warranty requires a $ 12 shipping and handling payment . So what happened ? Darned if I knew . I was already displeased with its `` warm '' feature to begin with , as it would slowly turn my white rice into yellow porridge . But when one day I put my rice down to cook and came back a couple hours later to find the unit completely off , I just lost it . The plug was plugged in correctly to the outlet and the unit , and there was no issue with the outlet when I tried my other appliances with it . The thing just would not work . To be fair , I only gave this item one star because it inexplicably stopped working and I felt like investing in the limited warranty would be equivalent to throwing my money into a pit of fire so I never found out if I just received a bad unit or if this brand is simply that unreliable ; however , even if it had continued to work , I would still only give it two stars because the warming feature is an epic failure . I ended up buying a new rice cooker at three times the price , but I can happily say that the new one cooks , warms , and makes porridge only when I choose that option .
 It died on me in less than a month and to get it repaired I would need to cover shipping . There 's no point in having a warranty if it costs just as much to get it fixed . I 've learned my lesson . I need to spend the money and get a nice one .
 This rice cooker was purchased locally for $ 20 . After its first use , which managed to make semi-decent rice , it no longer worked and died completely . I 'm afraid that the manufacturing quality of these rice cookers seem to be abysmal . Please for your own sake , do not buy this rice cooker .
 I barely used this rice cooker ... had it for 3 years and had problems since the beginning . The inner lining flakes off into your rice -LRB- very unhealthy -RRB- and you can not keep the rice warm overnight like other rice cookers because in the morning , you will find stinky rotten rice . I 'm asian and we 've cooked rice everyday all day my entire life . Most rice cookers are left on overnight and keep the rice warm for about 2 days before we toss it out . This rice cooker keeps the rice okay for about 7 hours before your entire rice pot is ruined .
 have been having migraines and was recommended to get a good neck pillow . this thing is * fine * but not very adjustable in terms of exactly where under your neck/head it should fit , and ... it 's very poorly made . so-so fabric and stuffing , and one of the main seams just totally popped open the second day . it 's a good thing i 'm handy at sewing or my pillow would have been useless after that .
 When I placed my order for this pillow I was apprehensive . I really needed a description which included the measurement around the narrow part - I should have followed my instincts - now I will have to give it to someone else . I missed Walgreen 's short term special featuring a slim version of your too fat pillow .
 They are an okay design , you can use them for a chair , but not in bed . You can not use it in bed because it is to small - and is uncomfortable .
 These pillows are nice looking pillows , seemingly well made , although I ordered a threesome set and only received two as they ran out of stock . They subsequently decided to never ship me the 3rd one for whatever reason . That is fine as I 'm really not going to use them as they do n't fit my neck very well . I had my son try one for a short time and he did n't like it either . They need to be about 2 inches longer in the middle where the round part of the pillow is . I have a round one that I 'm wearing to pieces that is about 12 inches long and I love the way it makes me sleep good . I have sleep apnea and this old neck pillow really helps me sleep without using a CPAP machine . I will use them for decoration or something .
 My girlfriend said '' oh wow , look a zipper so we can refill the stuffing if we need to '' She opened it and never got it closed again . The zipper malfunctioned . It was not caught on any material whatsoever . It broke . Not cool . She just sewed it up . So much for replacing the stuffing . Also , she woke up with a blue neck . The dye comes off this thing so badly . Hope it 's not too poisonous .
 I have chronic neck pain which is worse with driving . Currently I am using a U-shaped type pillow which helps somewhat with my neck pain . This DogBones Neck Pillow actually made my neck pain worse . It might help if you 're a passenger , but it did not help while I was driving . I 'm still looking for a better neck pillow ...
 Nice looking pan , and I have n't used it yet , but just putting the handle on and taking it off has taken the paint off , which seems odd . I do n't think it will hold up well . Would I buy again ? No .
 The first time we used the product the `` copper '' paint peeled and it was hard to get the fish off of the pan.Non-stick -- I do n't think so . I was forced to give it one star
 Outset QN77 Copper Nonstick Grill Skillet with Removable Soft-Grip HandleI have one of these I purchased locally and love it , but the 2 I ordered here came with imperfections in the finish both inside and on the bottom . Since this will effect the non stick feature , I returned both skillets to the vendor . I am still waiting for a refund .
 I will not recommend to use this for cooking . Copper colored metal smells bad when you heat it up . I tried several times to heat it up to see if the smell will go away . There is no way we should put food and cook it or eat it after .
 The rack itself is an OK product , the thin walls may seem a bit flimsy , but once filled , the jars serve to support each other and seem to stay in place just fine.My main gripe about this product is the lids the jars come with . The pour holes are covered with a flimsy transparent plastic lid that is hinged via one small hole and rotates out . 1/2 of my lids came with the hinges already cracked . Due to design and the slightly curved top of the lid , the clear plastic covering is not flush with the rest of the black plastic lid , and as such , there 's a 1mm or so gap between the two . If you have a filled jar placed in this rack , and if the spices are fine grained like poppy seeds or many of the chopped up herbs this rack came with , things start leaking out !! In addition , with this leaky jar lid , if you live in a humid environment , certain spices will spoil easily as well.The plastic jars McCormick spices you buy from the grocery store come in has better lids than these .
 I received this for Christmas last year . I need to put a new spice rack on my wishlist now.The lids on the jars are very poorly designed and break very easily . Turn the thing a little to far and it snaps . Let a friend use your kitchen and spices -- they 'll break one , too , just out of misunderstanding of how the lid works and how easily it breaks with the slightest bit of pressure . A year later , 6 or 7 of my jars are lidless , sealed with saran wrap , and in the cupboard .
 I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and this pillow is too bulky for my neck . I took out about half of the stuffings and the center part which should fit the neck is still too wide to feel comfortable .
 I was very surprised by this product because it had received such good reviews by everyone . I did n't like it at all . I must say it 's exactly as described , but it had way too much stuffing for me . It pushed my head very far forward and was very uncomfortable . I removed about half the stuffing and it 's a little better -LRB- hard to believe how much stuffing is in those things -RRB- !! I took it along on an airline flight , and it was so uncomfortable that I could n't use it , but it sure did take up a lot of room in my carry-on . I plan on removing more of the stuffing , and I think eventually I 'll get it to where it 's comfortable . I 'm going to put it in my car . When I opened it up , I put it back together with velcro rather than stitching the seam closed . That way I can remove or put more stuffing back in if needed in the future .
 The unit works great on dust , pollen and pet hair . Can be noisy on high speed . Filters go fast if a smoker is in your house . After a short time it blows out ash tray smelling air . The product was relatively inexpensive $ 120 or so but 3M is reaping a windfall with the high price of their filters . I ca n't find them anywhere but on line at an outrageous price . I also have an Oreck electrostatic unit , you just clean the metal filter case . Never have to buy filters . It cost 3-4 times more but never have to buy a terribly overpriced filter . Shame on you 3M .
 The room air filter market is full of bunco . This one is no different .3 M is notorious for selling high filtration replacement filters for return-air registers on residential central HVAC systems . Most homeowner purchasers are not aware that the restrictive filter more than doubles the static pressure drop and will almost always exceed the specified limit of the system unless a second or third return air register is installed to double or triple filter surface area.The bunco with room air filters is their pitiful capacity given the amount of noise they make . 3M claims this one works for rooms up to 160 square feet but they do n't claim how many cubic feet of air the unit moves per minute -LRB- CFM -RRB- . Most manufacturers who do claim CFM use the rating of the fan and motor without the filter media attached.A 160 square foot room is about 13 x 12 feet -- a typical bedroom . With 8 foot ceilings it would have 1280 cubic feet . To attain five room air changes per hour , the unit would need to move about 107 CFM . Five air changes per hour is a rule of thumb -- keep in mind that the unit will not have a laminar air flow and some of the room 's air will remain unfiltered while other air will be recycled through the filter many times.To achieve 107 CFM through the filter media , the fan would actually need to be rated closer to 200CFM . This is the equivalent of four typical bathroom fans . It would be about the same as a cheap kitchen range hood -LRB- the kind that are under the microwave over the stove -RRB- on the high setting . The bottom line
 The humming is so loud and obnoxious , it completely negates any usefulness the filter may have .
 The filter seems to catch a lot of particulate , yet it seems like the fan is creating very little suction . It seems like the fan and housing is constructed such that it puts out a lot of air * but barely feels like it 's sucking in any.I ca n't afford to do a scientific test on this , but if I could ... 3M makes Filtrete filters in multiple sizes , so I would get a fresh replacement for this unit , as well as a large HVAC filter that I would tape to the back of my big box fan , measure with an airflow meter , vacuum each filter into a empty bagless canister after 2 weeks of runtime , and compare the volume of particulate each pulled out of the air.My hypothesis is that the box fan would be more effective at cleaning the air in the same amount of time.As far as noise , I am a professional voice-over actor and I had to turn it off during recording . * It blows so hard it severely irritated my ear canal from the pressure when I left it running in my bedroom overnight . I would n't have left it on , except the air quality was really bad that night .
 Having purchased many air purifiers over the years , this one -LRB- FAP02 -RRB- has been the best ! I also have the larger FAP03 purifier and am pleased with its performance too , though it 's rather large . They work so well that the filter only lasts 1 to 3 months , and I love that each unit tells you when the filter is restricted , but do n't chg the filter immediately ; try vaccuming the filter first to extend the filter life . Also , rotate the filter , since the bottom of the filter fills up first.HERE 'S THE PROBLEM
 I purchased two of these a couple of years ago from woot.One of them works fine , but the other has some sort of motor noise . It spends all day going `` click , click , click , ... `` I called 3M and since it is out of warranty , they have absolutely no interest in helping to fix or repair it .
 I bought this September 05 . It makes strong kinds of plastic smells . Even though washing this , it sitill make strong smell so , I ca n't use it now . I hope to return it but , retunring shipping cost is same as product price .
 There 's at least a half-inch of space between the piston and the walls of the stuffer , so very little sausage goes out the tube . Most of it just piles up on top of the piston . Do n't waste your money on this , unless you are going to use it for a trotline sinker . After trying this one time , we ordered the LEM 5-lb . stuffer and are very pleased with it 's performance .
 Very poor design . I was n't expecting a `` tight '' seal between the piston and the walls of the chamber , but this is a little ridiculous . As a result , pushing on the handle releases more sausage out the top of the apparatus than out the nozzle which yields a huge mess and very little sausage . Returned .
 I purchased this unit last year , it sat in my storage room until this year , then I decide to make sausages . What a bunch of junk , the piston would not seal and allow most of the meat to push passed the piston and back into the chamber . I could only put a small amount of meat in the unit because it would jam up . This piece of junk is going to the scrap heap . it was total frustration and agony to trying to stuff the casings . Also the unit surface is rough and very hard to clean , a serious health hazard if you do not properly clean the chamber and piston .
 This stuffer just plain does n't work . At least 3 to 4 times as much sausage leaks past the plunger as gets pushed into the casing . Save up another 40 or 50 dollars and buy one of the horizontal or vertical crank-type stuffers .
 I got this item and should have imediately returned it based on the fact that the hinge near the handle had NOT been drilled all of the way through where you are supposed to put the bolt . The sausage also does ` nt push through very easy and it tends to push through around the nozzle . I would not recommend it .
 when useing it the meat pushes out around the lever . it is a poor disign . it took a long time to stuff meat . we dont use it and bought a diffrent on .
 I hate to even write a review for this product . When I got it , there were parts missing , and what parts were there did n't work with the rest of the machine . I returned it and got the Eastman Outdoors 38237 Sausage Gun ... It works great .
 The plastic part that connect the deferent nozzles was broken when I open the package . And to send this back is to much of an effort .
 The design is flawed ! I had a plastic pop handle once that clipped on the bottom of bottle and around the neck so you could remove and replace the cap to pour your pop . It was very convenient but it broke after years of use . I can not find a replacement anywhere!So , I purchased this thing . It screws on to replace the lid on the bottle . Then the pop flows thru the tube . So , you end up with a messy thing that you have to screw on and off each time you want a drink . Plus be careful you do n't loose or accidently throw out your original lid ! If you left this spout on your pop would go flat . I could only see this being useful if you are having a party and expect to use the entire bottle of soda . I would be better if they would put a cap on the end of the spout !
 So hard to find this size , I am sorry I bought this one , scratchy . Also pills after a while . I 've tossed it .
 I am a bellydance teacher and sometime costume maker ; I have a lot of hip scarves and other accessory pieces that need to be easily accessible and stored out of reach of my pets . I 've used folding screens for this purpose before , and this one looked perfect for the job , with its hanging rack and small shelves.It 's not an expensive piece , but I would not buy it again . Several of the welds have broken in the time I have had it -LRB- less than a year -RRB- , and it is both flimsy and tippy due to the way it is screwed together .
 While this looks like a good solution for cordoning off some space in an under-closeted residence , buyer beware.I ordered this from Bed Bath and Beyond , and it was a bit cheaper than here , but still not even worth that price in my opinion . First of all , the package was missing one piece , and another piece 's connecting bolt was too short to even screw the piece into the connecting piece . This was n't operator error , as there were about 8 of the same exact pipe piece to screw together , and this one was shorter than all others.I called the number provided with the instructions to try to request a few new pieces , and as soon as I explained my predicament , -LRB- I 'm very calm with cust svc lines , I know they 're just the messengers most of the time -RRB- I was rerouted to a voice mail without even being told as such . Also , this voice mail was just a woman 's name , there was no indication that it was for replacement parts/customer service inquiries , etc. . I left a message of the parts needed , my phone number , address , and asked to please call back the following day . That still unreturned message was placed 4 days ago . Granted , it 's saturday , but I think a friday callback from a tuesday call is n't unreasonable.It does n't matter though , because To me it looked like the joints , which were each held together by spot welds would n't probably holdup under the weight of garments and such . Movement was n't exactly easy or well designed , and I could see one of them breaking easily . So we returned it to BBB . I do n't think that relieves Adesso of the lack of callback , as they would have never known we returned it . If I get parts in the mail randomly sans confirmation I 'll update this review . -LRB- I 'm updating . My call was returned the monday following this review -RRB-
 the scent does n't seem to be any better than the candles i pick up on sale at bed bath and beyond
 Was hoping for tried and true Tupperware here , remembering the Tupperware of my youth . These stink . They are very hard to work with and I do not like the push tops at all . Wish I had n't spent the $ . Great seller , bad product .
 The white filter has an inferior quality to the one that came originally with the machine . It broke totally when I tried to wash it first time . That did not happen to the original one even when I washed again and again . I wonder if the replacement is fake .
 This pan fails to deliver . This pan is the black sheep of the All Clad line . It is made of solid stainless steel and is not an aluminum triply pan as it is advertised . It is also made in Korea unlike the other All Clad products which are made in the USA . Shop around there are better products out there for half the price .
 I ordered two of these pans . One for myself and one for my sister . We DID NOT RECEIVE A STAINLESS PAN ! We received an aluminum pan with a non-stick black coating on the interior . The pans we received were from the MC2 collection . Amazon sent me a new pan but I received another MC2 pan . So now I have to return two pans and my sister must return one . We are both collecting the 3-ply All-Clad stainless cookware . I am very dissapointed . Amazon will not honor a comparable sale price on a stainless pan .
 Great idea but would be even better if the product worked 100 % or even 80 % . At least 3 of the 12 tins on the board have bonded shut somehow , so now I no longer have a usable tin and I ca n't use the spices that I bought and put in them ... . a double waste .
 I strongly suggest buying your own metal strip or board or painting your wall with magnetic paint and then buying some higher quality magnetic spice tins from a retailer elsewhere.These particular tins are made very cheaply . Spice gets stuck under the plastic front and metal edge , and it 's pretty gross.They are easy to knock of the wall when you take one because the magnets are so weak.The magnets will eventually just fall off he back of the container and then the container will fall to the floor , getting dented and spilling spices.I have found much better options elsewhere , dont write off magnetic tins from these cheapies . They can and do work -- however these wo n't .
 This product is garbage . I have finally thrown it out after one year due to the following problems -- 1 -RRB- One by one , each jar lost its magnet due to weak adhesive . One by one , I superglued them back together .2 -RRB- Several of the jars became entirely bonded shut and the rest are difficult to open so they 're almost there . -LRB- Climate related ? I live in New York . -RRB- 3 -RRB- The ones that are still usable smell like metal and impart a metal flavor on the spices .4 -RRB- I too had a problem with the frame snapping right off the back so I had to just lean the whole stand against a wall .5 -RRB- Several of them appear rusty though I have no recollection of ever getting them wet .
 I think I was just so excited about the price and when the only metal listed in the product detail was `` stainless steel '' I impulse purchased this . The containers are tin the STAND is stainless steel . The problem with tin is the smell and the durability . 2 of the 12 containers in my set came dented . The smell will definitely over take the spices eventually . I think in the product detail it also suggested this be used for crafts , I think that would be a better use .
 The product looks nicer online than it does in person . When I opened the box , the stand was intact , but 10 of the 12 magnets had popped off the back of the cannisters and I had to reglue them myself.There are 12 spices included with labels , but it would have been nice if they provided more pre-printed labels for other spices , or at least blank labels you could fill in yourself . Overall I 'm pretty disappointed .
 The idea was a good one but , ... . the tins fall off the metal base not enough mag in the magnet and they have been rolling all over my kitchen and it 's big and bulky and no place to put it , a little too big for my counters . No where to hang either .
 What a great idea
 I 've had two of these for a number of years and I am finally fed up.The magnets are poorly adhered and weak , so either the magnets detach from the tins or the tins fall at the slightest jostle.The seals on the jars are equally poor . If mounted vertically some of the lids can slide off causing spices to spill . You can not store any sort of powdered spice in the tins because humidity will cause things such as garlic powder to clump.I 'm sure there are good magnetic spice solutions out there , but these are n't .
 I loved the idea of this magnetic spice rack . But after a few months , the tin cans have begun to rust . It 's unfortunate because this set was expensive . I actually bought these at Target first and they were being clearanced out . Then I bought a second set online to expand my collection . I see now why the product was being clearanced out . They should make the spice cans out of steel .
 Thought this was a nice idea for the kitchen , but it was not meant to be . Upon opening the box for the first time , the magnets glued to the bottom of the canisters had already fallen off over half of them . The magnets themselves are very weak and can barely hold the canister itself , let alone with spices inside .
 I received this item as a wedding gift . I 've been using it for about 3 and half years . I loved it at first because of the look and ease of use . I am currently looking for something new . I live in Utah -LRB- a desert state -RRB- and the containers that hold the spices I use the most have rusted so much that I have to have my husband open them . That got me wondering if rust was then getting into the food . I 've never had them in water and they are not close enough to my stove to get moisture from things cooking on the stove top . Also , the little plastic pieces in the lids are n't too secure . I have n't had the problem of the magnets coming off the back like other reviewers . And I guess I should n't complain , I did get a good three years out of it . But with what decent spice racks cost it 's frustrating that it is n't lasting me longer . If you just want something neat looking and do n't plan on keeping it forever , you 'd probably like this spice rack . But if you cook often and want easily accessible containers that do n't rust shut , this is n't the one for you !
 Thought this would be a perfect spice rack , until the magnets came off the tins . Then the jars became hard to turn because the spices tend to get lodged in between the lid and the jar . Ended up tossing it .
 Ordered this product about a week before Thanksgiving and was surprised it arrived two days before the holiday . The wrap around concept is just great . If only the material was a better quality , it would be perfect . I ordered the biege , which is very light and it 's a little transparant . When you 're standing away form the bed , you can see the space between the box spring and the floor . We do have a cal-king so there is not that much fullness to the ruffle . If it were a queen , there would be more fullness and it probably woul n't be so see through . But I have to say that the fabric is very thin anyway . I was disappointed in the quality of the product . It does n't look at all like the picture shown . Quite misleading . Also , I was charged over $ 10.00 for shipping and if I return it , they want to withhold 10 % of the original price for restocking . Guess I 'll just live with it for a while and keep looking for a better quality . I feel really taken .
 I ordered a 16 '' drop bed skirt and they sent a shorter one that looked ridiculous on my raised bed . I wasted all that time ironing the darned thing and then on top of that , I found out I had to pay the shipping expense to send it back to them if I wanted to get my money back . This does n't seem right to me , when they sent me the wrong size product . I bought the replacement -LRB- in the right size -RRB- from a bricks and mortar store instead of Amazon.com .
 Nice material . Well made but way way too short unless your looking for a 10 inch drop do n't bother . Way way too short ... also ca n't return because Brown 's Linens enclosed a letter that said 10 % re-stocking fee , no shipping cost to be refunded and if item was sent with free shipping , the amount they paid to ship to me will be deducted . Not worth spending more money to send it back to them with all the deductions I would end up owing them even more money ... Oh well , maybe someone else could use it , I 'll put it in my garage sale item pile .
 I ordered this dust ruffle in part of the good reviews it received , but was very disappointed when it finally arrived . Aside from the flimsiness of the fabric , my major gripe is the darned thing wo n't stay put on the bed -- some part or another is always sliding up or down . Forget trying to make the bed . No amount of tucking seems to keep it in place.It 's on a standard queen bed with a rather thick mattress , but the depth of the mattress should n't matter . All in all , it looks better than a bare bed frame , but it 's way too much work to keep it looking nice . Who needs a bed skirt that has a habit of wandering ? Not me -- I like my linens to stay where I put them .
 I liked the idea of not having to lift the mattress to position the bed ruffle , but it does n't work . Parts of the skirt ride up in between the box spring and mattress , leaving that part of the ruffle several inches off the ground . Other parts slide down on the box spring leaving the bottom dragging on the ground . It 's impossible to keep the whole thing in place and equally level to the ground . I 'm always tugging it down in places , or pushing it up in other places . I guess the idea is for the weight of the mattress to keep it in place , but it does n't on my bed . Also , the material is thin and looks cheap . And it does n't go around an entire full size bed , so you better have part of the bed against a wall . I wish I had sent it back during the 30-day return period .
 Everything about the delivery and packaging was just fine , however , I do n't really like the product . It looks very cheap and i hate the color . But I do n't blame anyone for this . It 's just turned out to be not really my favorite house item ! I think it looks more attractive in the picture .
 I did not like this dust ruffle . I bought it for my daughter 's twin bed and it does not stay in place . It also came with a lot of loose threads hanging from it when I opened the package . I was very disappointed .
 After reading all of the hype , I am not sure what all of the fuss is about . This is not meant to be used as a travel pillow - it does n't wrap around in a stable way . My cat is getting this one . .
 First of all , the `` Tattoo '' print in the photo above is very clearly a white and black print fabric . The `` Tattoo '' pillow I received was aqua green and black . I am not sure if the photo is wrong but the fabric print is clearly not the colors pictured.That said , I 'm sorry to be a negative among so many NeckBones fans ... but this just did n't work for me . Considering that this is a neck pillow designed by a chiropractor I think it has some issues . First of all this pillow is way too large to fit comfortably under my neck -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 7 '' with a normal length neck -RRB- . I found that it straightened -LRB- flattened out -RRB- the natural curve of my neck which is the exact opposite of what it should do . I tried to pinch it together in the middle to fit comfortably between my head and shoulders and to support my neck , however it gradually expanded back to its natural larger shape and became uncomfortable . Secondly , I found the pillow stuffing was too soft and squishy to be give adequate support.If you do not have any neck issues and are just looking for a general comfort pillow this may work for you . However if you have any neck or upper back issues you 're trying to relieve with this pillow , you may want to consider a properly-sized cervical neck roll instead .
 Beware , this pot is made in Indonesia , not Belgium like other Demeyere products . The pot arrived severely defective , there was a HOLE in the bottom edge , daylight shows through ! The metal is thin and was machined too closely . Very light weight , not substantial like a true Demeyere pot . The quality and styling is not the same as that found in the authentic Demeyere pot I ordered at the same time from Amazon . The advertising copy on Amazon does not say where the product is manufuctured which is misleading to the consumer . The packaging identifies the pot as a Resto by Demeyere . This is not a Demeyere pot.It is troubling that Amazon does not offer free return shipping for such a blatently defective product with misleading advertising copy .
 This is advertized as a pasta/asparagus cooker but arrived with no cooking instructions , no cleaning instructions and no user manual or any written documentation of any kind . Kinda chintzy considering the price .
 Just received this trunk . It 's not a true wicker trunk , but rather is particle board with a thin `` wicker '' -LRB- appears to be woven plastic -RRB- cover . The coloring is unevenly applied , and the mechanism to hold it open is cheap and does n't work as well as it should . That being said , it is fairly attractive , with a simple design . Probably would n't buy again .
 So disappointed and will be returning this . The color of the product on the detail page is an elegant dark-grey with a smattering of green , but the actual product itself is very green and drab looking . I 've attached an actual photo . Is it sage ? I suppose . Is it dark ? No . Is it anything like the product photo ? Not at all .
 I do n't think it says this anywhere -- this is just like a face-mask -- it does not cover the back of the lamp , and so looks awkward when viewing from the sides or back.The elastic strap on the back was barely strong enough to hold this onto our lamp and keep it from blowing off.Otherwise , the material of the cover itself seems strong and is attractive , but I had expected something that draped over the lamp , not hang on the front of it .
 the product came dusty , greasey and small marks on the wood , thanks for a poor quality product.I will never buy a refurbished product again or recomend this chair to anyone !
 The adapter 's rubber ring was stuck to the plastic , so the only way to get it out for washing was to rip it out , which destroyed it . Then the replacement ring , which was included , would n't fit without a good deal of scraping away the remaining bits of rubber that were stuck to the adapter . When I tried to contact Tribest about the problem , I received no response until I left an irrate message and said I was going to write a bad Amazon review . A customer service rep then contacted me immediately and sent a new adapter , which arrived with the exact same problem . So I ended up doing the scraping anyway . Then , after using the blender for no more than a single fruit smoothie , four or five mornings a week , for less than a year , it died . No more Tribest for me .
 I ordered this dust ruffle in part of the good reviews it received , but was very disappointed when it finally arrived . Aside from the flimsiness of the fabric , my major gripe is the darned thing wo n't stay put on the bed -- some part or another is always sliding up or down . Forget trying to make the bed . No amount of tucking seems to keep it in place.It 's on a standard queen bed with a rather thick mattress , but the depth of the mattress should n't matter . All in all , it looks better than a bare bed frame , but it 's way too much work to keep it looking nice . Who needs a bed skirt that has a habit of wandering ? Not me -- I like my linens to stay where I put them .
 I liked the idea of not having to lift the mattress to position the bed ruffle , but it does n't work . Parts of the skirt ride up in between the box spring and mattress , leaving that part of the ruffle several inches off the ground . Other parts slide down on the box spring leaving the bottom dragging on the ground . It 's impossible to keep the whole thing in place and equally level to the ground . I 'm always tugging it down in places , or pushing it up in other places . I guess the idea is for the weight of the mattress to keep it in place , but it does n't on my bed . Also , the material is thin and looks cheap . And it does n't go around an entire full size bed , so you better have part of the bed against a wall . I wish I had sent it back during the 30-day return period .
 Everything about the delivery and packaging was just fine , however , I do n't really like the product . It looks very cheap and i hate the color . But I do n't blame anyone for this . It 's just turned out to be not really my favorite house item ! I think it looks more attractive in the picture .
 I did not like this dust ruffle . I bought it for my daughter 's twin bed and it does not stay in place . It also came with a lot of loose threads hanging from it when I opened the package . I was very disappointed .
 I got this and for the first week it looked really good then I washed it and tried to put it back on and the elastic broke . Not sure if it was my error in how I washed it or not .
 Ordered this product about a week before Thanksgiving and was surprised it arrived two days before the holiday . The wrap around concept is just great . If only the material was a better quality , it would be perfect . I ordered the biege , which is very light and it 's a little transparant . When you 're standing away form the bed , you can see the space between the box spring and the floor . We do have a cal-king so there is not that much fullness to the ruffle . If it were a queen , there would be more fullness and it probably woul n't be so see through . But I have to say that the fabric is very thin anyway . I was disappointed in the quality of the product . It does n't look at all like the picture shown . Quite misleading . Also , I was charged over $ 10.00 for shipping and if I return it , they want to withhold 10 % of the original price for restocking . Guess I 'll just live with it for a while and keep looking for a better quality . I feel really taken .
 Nice material . Well made but way way too short unless your looking for a 10 inch drop do n't bother . Way way too short ... also ca n't return because Brown 's Linens enclosed a letter that said 10 % re-stocking fee , no shipping cost to be refunded and if item was sent with free shipping , the amount they paid to ship to me will be deducted . Not worth spending more money to send it back to them with all the deductions I would end up owing them even more money ... Oh well , maybe someone else could use it , I 'll put it in my garage sale item pile .
 I ordered a 16 '' drop bed skirt and they sent a shorter one that looked ridiculous on my raised bed . I wasted all that time ironing the darned thing and then on top of that , I found out I had to pay the shipping expense to send it back to them if I wanted to get my money back . This does n't seem right to me , when they sent me the wrong size product . I bought the replacement -LRB- in the right size -RRB- from a bricks and mortar store instead of Amazon.com .
 I got this for a gift about 1 year ago . Now I wanted to upgrade it with more memory and I find out that the firmware is NOT upgradeable . This means I am stuck buying a whole new MP3 player in order to get more than 6GB of memory . I will not be buying another Sandisk player . I hope that their competitors do a better job of of being able to update the firmware in their devices so you do n't have to buy new players to get new features . I am not happy with this player.Other things I did n't like with this player
 i wish i had never bought an mp3 player/ipod-what they do n't tell you is , that after the battery goes completely dead after approx .2 years , is that you have to send the whole mp3 player back to companny so they can put new battery in it . i went to radio shack to get battery for my sandisk mp3 played , just to find out , you have to send back to company for new battery , IF I HAD KNOW THIS BEFORE I BOUGHT IT , I NEVER WOULD HAVE PURCHASED IT . read reviews before buying anything , jim
 I strongly recommend against purchasing this item . I bought one last week and I have been trying to figure out what I have been doing wrong ever since . What it comes down to is this - this is NOT a humidifer.What is it , then , you might ask ? I will tell you . It is a bucket of water , with a sponge -LRB- aka a `` filter '' -RRB- soaking in it and a little fan sitting on top . It 's a bit like calling a chair next to an open window a `` clothes dryer . '' There is also a meaningless `` filter cleanliness '' guage on top which is a joke - it 's not even attached to anything ! There is nothing in the thing which actively evaporates the water . It seems the designers simply hoped enough water would naturally evaporate to fool us into thinking the `` dehumidifier '' was doing something . This thing has been on for 4 nights running , on high , in an incredibly dry room , and it appears that not an ounce of the water has evaporated.This item is a complete and utter waste of money . I am going BACK to the store tonight , to get a humidifier which is not a Holmes .
 You may as well throw your money directly down the drain , at least that 'd save you some time . When I opened the box upon getting home , i was astonished to find it was simply a fan over a container for water ! Despite my initial misgivings , I decided to try the product overnight and to no surprise , it did NOTHING towards humidifying the room . Its a waste of money and electricity .
 This is the worst product as far as cool mist humidifiers go . I just bought it today . I agree with the previous review ... it 's just a bucket of H2O with a * wick filter * & just a fan blowing cool air . I , too , thought it was missing a piece or I did something wrong . I just returned a Vicks one as it was too loud & there was no on/off switch , but it worked ! I 'm going to return this one first thing in the morning . Do n't waste your money !
 Not a good design for a humidifier . There is no mist and the water really doesnt get used up as the others say . Holmes should be sued by somebody if they dont recall this product and give compensation for people like myself . I used this on a DRRRRRRRRY wintry night for my kids and there was no relief for them from the cough they had . I called the number that was given on the product -LRB- for Important Use and Care Information -RRB- and all I got was an automated voice to which I had to give all my address and phone no . information and after doing almost all of it I couldnt get it to understand my last name and it wouldnt let me get the IMPORTANT use and care instructions ! Of course , I am returning it .
 I just bought this , and I completely agree with the other reviews . this is completely worthless ... I would do a better job by just flicking water into the air with my hands . If you are thinking about buying this , either save your money and just drape wet towels around the room to evaporate -LRB- it works better than this useless thing -RRB- or buy something else . I returned this and bought the crane frog humidifier and it was great , for about $ 12 more .
 This one works with water evaporation through a sponge inside , and a cheap , noisy fan at the top draws the somewhat moist air up and out . A much better choice is a humidifier that works ultrasonically , which is very quiet and puts out a lot more moisture . The vibrating membrane that creates the mist does get clogged over time with minerals if you have hard water . It can be cleaned to a point , but eventually it might stop misting . Small rooms may get too humid with the ultrasonic types . We have a Holmes HM495 that works very well .
 My husband and I purchased this and within two weeks the filter had mold growing on it despite daily care . When I called the company , they only told me to purchase a new filter and also buy some kind of water treatment product . This is a waste of money !
 I agree with the other reviewers - this unit does n't humidify at all . Our room is pretty small and I do n't notice a difference . The reservoir does n't empty ... even running for two days straight .
 I ordered the cream pitcher and was sent a teapot . When I informed Amazon of the mistake and returned the teapot , I was told the cream pitcher was no longer available .
 After looking at local antique stores for a vintage-esque linen cabinet , I finally went online and looked at many more options . I liked the style of this piece , but when I received it I immediately noticed a number of dents and cracks in the wood . Not wanting to discount it just yet , and thinking I could work around it , I began to assemble the cabinet and found that while the boards were helpfully labelled , the instructions were less than user-friendly and several screws were missing . In addition , the drawer pulls did not attach completely , despite attempts from a professional carpenter to work with them . It 's a big pain to have to return a large piece of ready-to-assemble furniture , and I regret the purchase . It 's a good sized piece for smaller storage spaces , but it 's not worth the frustration of a three-hour assembly time and disappointly flawed wood and hardware .
 I loved the design and functionality of this cabinet and I still do . When they stated assembly required , they were n't kidding . No piece is pre-assembled . All pieces are labeled . The holes are pre-drilled , however at this time I am looking for another set of drawer handles because the holes missed the mark . The instructions are not very clear . One part is written in Japanese/Chinese -LRB- ? -RRB- . My husband and I managed to put the cabinet together in about 2 hours not counting the hour to figure out the instructions . Overall , on close inspection , the finished product looks like a cheaply put together cabinet vs a solid construction because the junctions are not a tight fit.I 'd rate the cabinet a 5/5 for functionality , and because of the labor involved and trouble to look for matching drawer handles I 'd pay $ 50.00 for this cabinet and rate it a 1/5 with a recommendation of `` Do not buy '' unless you are willing to overpay .
 Ordered this product about a week before Thanksgiving and was surprised it arrived two days before the holiday . The wrap around concept is just great . If only the material was a better quality , it would be perfect . I ordered the biege , which is very light and it 's a little transparant . When you 're standing away form the bed , you can see the space between the box spring and the floor . We do have a cal-king so there is not that much fullness to the ruffle . If it were a queen , there would be more fullness and it probably woul n't be so see through . But I have to say that the fabric is very thin anyway . I was disappointed in the quality of the product . It does n't look at all like the picture shown . Quite misleading . Also , I was charged over $ 10.00 for shipping and if I return it , they want to withhold 10 % of the original price for restocking . Guess I 'll just live with it for a while and keep looking for a better quality . I feel really taken .
 Nice material . Well made but way way too short unless your looking for a 10 inch drop do n't bother . Way way too short ... also ca n't return because Brown 's Linens enclosed a letter that said 10 % re-stocking fee , no shipping cost to be refunded and if item was sent with free shipping , the amount they paid to ship to me will be deducted . Not worth spending more money to send it back to them with all the deductions I would end up owing them even more money ... Oh well , maybe someone else could use it , I 'll put it in my garage sale item pile .
 I ordered a 16 '' drop bed skirt and they sent a shorter one that looked ridiculous on my raised bed . I wasted all that time ironing the darned thing and then on top of that , I found out I had to pay the shipping expense to send it back to them if I wanted to get my money back . This does n't seem right to me , when they sent me the wrong size product . I bought the replacement -LRB- in the right size -RRB- from a bricks and mortar store instead of Amazon.com .
 I got this and for the first week it looked really good then I washed it and tried to put it back on and the elastic broke . Not sure if it was my error in how I washed it or not .
 I ordered this dust ruffle in part of the good reviews it received , but was very disappointed when it finally arrived . Aside from the flimsiness of the fabric , my major gripe is the darned thing wo n't stay put on the bed -- some part or another is always sliding up or down . Forget trying to make the bed . No amount of tucking seems to keep it in place.It 's on a standard queen bed with a rather thick mattress , but the depth of the mattress should n't matter . All in all , it looks better than a bare bed frame , but it 's way too much work to keep it looking nice . Who needs a bed skirt that has a habit of wandering ? Not me -- I like my linens to stay where I put them .
 I liked the idea of not having to lift the mattress to position the bed ruffle , but it does n't work . Parts of the skirt ride up in between the box spring and mattress , leaving that part of the ruffle several inches off the ground . Other parts slide down on the box spring leaving the bottom dragging on the ground . It 's impossible to keep the whole thing in place and equally level to the ground . I 'm always tugging it down in places , or pushing it up in other places . I guess the idea is for the weight of the mattress to keep it in place , but it does n't on my bed . Also , the material is thin and looks cheap . And it does n't go around an entire full size bed , so you better have part of the bed against a wall . I wish I had sent it back during the 30-day return period .
 Everything about the delivery and packaging was just fine , however , I do n't really like the product . It looks very cheap and i hate the color . But I do n't blame anyone for this . It 's just turned out to be not really my favorite house item ! I think it looks more attractive in the picture .
 I did not like this dust ruffle . I bought it for my daughter 's twin bed and it does not stay in place . It also came with a lot of loose threads hanging from it when I opened the package . I was very disappointed .
 We 've had this rack for two years and I keep trying to make it work but the shoes slip off of it all of the time .
 Bought this product and used it twice with good results . The two times I used it were a few weeks apart as most things I BBQ I do not need a thermometer . Went to use it a third time and it was blank . Turned it off then on , nothing . Took out the original battery and reinstalled it , nothing . Went to the store and bought new batteries -LRB- ca n't just buy one battery any more -RRB- and replaced the original , nothing . Very disappointed.I bought this based on the reviews but it seems these things are pretty hit-and-miss . Maybe you 'll get one that works , maybe you wo n't . Strongly recommend against taking a chance .
 Mine would n't work from the first moment I opened it . It wo n't even power on . Could be a bad battery , but this is terrible quality control .
 This is the worse thing I have ever bought . I used the item as per the instructions and it melted in the oven : -LRB-
 It does not get the temperature reading fast enough . I have had a better one .
 I received the F800 in good order and time . The battery failed within a week after first usning it . I was very careful not to leave the unit on after using to insure battery life . Perhaps something else failed but the results were the same - - - in the garbage can !
 This set of lights was much smaller than I expected . I 'm not sure if I did n't read the package right or it is just small . They worked fine .
 I purchasesd this last year , 3 pieces , I expended to have another 3 pieces this year , looks like quality issue , 2 of three pieces has problem , 1/4 of the lights does not work on each piece , Do not know if I will buy this next year .
 I bought 4 boxes of these lights and in every case , only 1/2 the lights would light up . Awful product .
 Well , I was expecting them too much maybe ... today I got my net lights , and could not wait to set 'em up , I still pretested them before to put them onto bushes.Then trouble come.When I plugged them on , I noticed both of them got 1/3 portion not work -LRB- they are at the same part -RRB- , then I kept checking and searching , found out one of them missed a bulb , that 's not too difficult , so I added a new bulb on from those backups.But , another one , up to now , I still could not figure out what 's happening ... All what I could do is to check and check and check by eyes though , I worked on that almost the whole day ! Then I was thinking , I might have to buy some light checker for this net light or what?Anyway , they are thoughtful to give some backups though , so I gave two stars .
 Ordered this product about a week before Thanksgiving and was surprised it arrived two days before the holiday . The wrap around concept is just great . If only the material was a better quality , it would be perfect . I ordered the biege , which is very light and it 's a little transparant . When you 're standing away form the bed , you can see the space between the box spring and the floor . We do have a cal-king so there is not that much fullness to the ruffle . If it were a queen , there would be more fullness and it probably woul n't be so see through . But I have to say that the fabric is very thin anyway . I was disappointed in the quality of the product . It does n't look at all like the picture shown . Quite misleading . Also , I was charged over $ 10.00 for shipping and if I return it , they want to withhold 10 % of the original price for restocking . Guess I 'll just live with it for a while and keep looking for a better quality . I feel really taken .
 Nice material . Well made but way way too short unless your looking for a 10 inch drop do n't bother . Way way too short ... also ca n't return because Brown 's Linens enclosed a letter that said 10 % re-stocking fee , no shipping cost to be refunded and if item was sent with free shipping , the amount they paid to ship to me will be deducted . Not worth spending more money to send it back to them with all the deductions I would end up owing them even more money ... Oh well , maybe someone else could use it , I 'll put it in my garage sale item pile .
 I ordered a 16 '' drop bed skirt and they sent a shorter one that looked ridiculous on my raised bed . I wasted all that time ironing the darned thing and then on top of that , I found out I had to pay the shipping expense to send it back to them if I wanted to get my money back . This does n't seem right to me , when they sent me the wrong size product . I bought the replacement -LRB- in the right size -RRB- from a bricks and mortar store instead of Amazon.com .
 I ordered this dust ruffle in part of the good reviews it received , but was very disappointed when it finally arrived . Aside from the flimsiness of the fabric , my major gripe is the darned thing wo n't stay put on the bed -- some part or another is always sliding up or down . Forget trying to make the bed . No amount of tucking seems to keep it in place.It 's on a standard queen bed with a rather thick mattress , but the depth of the mattress should n't matter . All in all , it looks better than a bare bed frame , but it 's way too much work to keep it looking nice . Who needs a bed skirt that has a habit of wandering ? Not me -- I like my linens to stay where I put them .
 I liked the idea of not having to lift the mattress to position the bed ruffle , but it does n't work . Parts of the skirt ride up in between the box spring and mattress , leaving that part of the ruffle several inches off the ground . Other parts slide down on the box spring leaving the bottom dragging on the ground . It 's impossible to keep the whole thing in place and equally level to the ground . I 'm always tugging it down in places , or pushing it up in other places . I guess the idea is for the weight of the mattress to keep it in place , but it does n't on my bed . Also , the material is thin and looks cheap . And it does n't go around an entire full size bed , so you better have part of the bed against a wall . I wish I had sent it back during the 30-day return period .
 Everything about the delivery and packaging was just fine , however , I do n't really like the product . It looks very cheap and i hate the color . But I do n't blame anyone for this . It 's just turned out to be not really my favorite house item ! I think it looks more attractive in the picture .
 I did not like this dust ruffle . I bought it for my daughter 's twin bed and it does not stay in place . It also came with a lot of loose threads hanging from it when I opened the package . I was very disappointed .
 I got this and for the first week it looked really good then I washed it and tried to put it back on and the elastic broke . Not sure if it was my error in how I washed it or not .
 Had for not even a month and when used it broke . Would not recommend .
 This mirror arrived quickly on my doorstep with no problem . It is a nice piece of furniture and I was really pleased as I took it out of the box . It does require assembly , which is the problem.As is the norm these days with everything I have bought that is made in China , the hardware is cheap and does n't fit right . The screws are too long so that the base does n't tighten enough to be stable and the metal is so soft that I very easily stripped the screw heads -LRB- and I am not a very strong person , so this is just silly -RRB- . I need to go to the hardware store to pick up new hardware for it . Since my husband is out of town for 3 months and I work full time and have an 8 month old , that is unlikely to happen any time soon . So , the mirror is propped against the the wall and will likely stay that way for the next few months until I 'll have time to replace the cheap hardware . It 's a pretty mirror though .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and after opening found that the items apeared to have been opened . The assembly instructions were missing and the inserts for the screws were in different parts packages , another reason I beleive it had been opened and repacked . There one was good chip but near the base , not that obvious . The left hand main post had been rubbed hard enough to rmove the stain . Something I can fix but should not have to . Overall , not impressed with Powell at all . Consider this before you purchase something from them .
 Black soot from the deteriorating heating element comes out in the vapor you breathe.See the four -LRB- 4 -RRB- pics I provided in the above product-picture gallery .
 I love dogbone pillows ! I have three already but wanted something that would match our sofa better . I thought it would be SOFT fleece . NO . It 's rough like carpet . The only reason I 'm keeping it is by the time I pay six bucks to return it I 'd be almost break even so might as well keep it . Maybe the cat will like it . Doubt it .
 I thought this would help me with my neck issues when I slept . Not too useful . Too bad . Need more letters to publish . This should do it
 this product is ng . they have evidently substituted a new rubberized material inside the pillow , which makes it a poor sleeping surface . My neck hurts worse than before .
 I was disappointed with this purchase . I had a neck-bone pillow for several years that was just wonderful . Unfortunately I left it at a hotel and wanted a replacement . This one was much wider at the spot where you would place you neck . The additional height made this pillow very uncomfortable to say the least . I would not recommend this to anyone . Wish I returned this the first day I got it .
 Did n't seem firm enough for my needs.I did keep it for my casual chair.But did n't get enough support - too soft - needed to be more firm .
 I ordered this item because I liked the look in the photo and it had good reviews . I was disappointed when it arrived and I attempted to assemble it ; one of the threaded embed nuts was missing . I contacted the manufacturer customer service number provided in the instructions and they would n't ship new hardware , my only option was to return the whole to Amazon for replacement . I had already unwrapped all of the pieces so it ended up being easier to look around my shop for parts and fix it myself . I 'm also disappointed by the walnut color . It has a red tint and is not even close to matching our real walnut wood furniture .
 This coat rack looks good . Sadly , the the manufacturing quality of poor.It arrived without all the required hardware , and one of the essentialPieces cracked and split apart.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 Really love the simple design of this , but last month I noticed that the finish is bubbling up and cracking and peeling and flaking off . If I touch it at all it just keeps spreading . This is happening on all the pieces along both edges . SOOOO disappointing .
 The dishes are poorly packed . The cardboard separaters were not protecting the dishes . The dishes are very breakable . The dishes were packed on top of the bowls and not separated by cardboard . I think Amazon should sever their relationship with this vendor . The return trouble is not worth it . What a mess !
 I bought the Pistoulet dinnerware 5 years ago . Most of the pieces are chipped or scratched and I am planning to purchase Portmierion or Villroy to replace them all . If you like this look , save your money and shop for a similar pattern at Target .
 I got this hoping to make eggs about the size of my english muffin . Wo n't really hold an egg in . It leaks out all around the edges . I have tried to start witha super hot skillet but that does n't help either . I woulding purchase it again .
 I ordered this thinking it would help me make egg and bacon sandwiches , you know , with a nice round piece of egg . It did not . I have tried it many different ways and it always ends up stuck to the ring and making a mess . I also tried it with pancakes the other day to see if it worked any better with them , it did n't . I like the idea of the product but the actuality of it is not good .
 Pretty much useless , since eggs stick to the ring no matter how much oil or non-stick spray you apply first . Might work for some other purpose , but I bought this specifically to cook eggs and they work poorly for that application .
 I just have to say i got something definitely look different from the picture above.what I have got is only the handle part of the egg ring , which is as big as my thumb , without the circular silicone part.not sure should i be claiming for return or exchange or not , it is just too much of a hassle for a 5 dollar piece of silicone .
 My son likes egg mcmuffin style eggs , probably like you or anyone else considering buying or reviewing this . Problem is that the ring is very flimsy - not in a cheap way , rather in a soft , light and amazingly flexible way . So when you plop it in the frying pan , it does n't have enough weight of its own to keep the egg from oozing out from underneath . Plus , the diameter is a little large - it 's literally the size of an english muffin , or larger . So the eggs are flatter and less eye appealing as a result.Bottom line is that if you want nice friend McDonald 's style eggs , you need one of these rings that has a little more weight to it to keep the wet egg from lifting it up and oozing out into your frying pan . I also bought theRSVP Egg Ring , Set of 4and really like the metal one a lot better.For the record , I ALSO bought theNorpro 994C Silicone Egg Pancake Ring Round , Blueand it 's virtually identical to this one . I 'm betting that they would make nice silver dollar pancakes , but not fried eggs .
 The picture/description shows it coming with a bracket to hang over the door , but it does not come with it ! I sent the first order back and asked for a replacement and it also came without the bracket . I just ended up sending it back .
 This bar was a pain to put up and once up was unstable rocking back and forth . I bought two , one for my daughter and one for me . I threw both of them away . I was totally dissatisfied .
 One of the screws provided was of centered and impossible to use . When using a drill or screw driver it was not easy to atttach the top part to the wall
 I do like this trash can , EXCEPT for the poorly fitted door to the battery holder . If I move the trash can , or if someone accidentally bumps it , the door becomes dislodged , and the batteries shift , losing their contact points . As a result , the can is no longer a `` touchless '' one . There is no damage to the door -- it 's just a defect in the engineering and production . There 's no way to exchange it , as the postage to return it would cost too much . I 've resorted to taping not only the door , but also the batteries . It is an annoying workaround . For this reason , I can not recommend paying the price for this can unless you buy it locally and return it if yours , too , is defective .
 Wow , at least your can came with a battery holder . Mine did n't . Needless to say , the touchless can seldom worked as the batteries kept getting dislodged . What a disappointment .
 After about a year , the linkage broke that links the drive motor and the lid . I ca n't find any replacement parts.The lid responds slowly . If a lid is necessary , I 'd prefer a foot-operated lid - it would require less maintenance and be more responsive .
 I 've ordered this item , only to have it cancelled by Amazon , who has said that it was n't in stock . But then it goes back in stock again . I 'm confused . What is it ? In stock or out of stock ?
 I have owned this dinnerware for less than one year . During that time , 8 or more of the pieces -LRB- mostly the small plates and the bowls -RRB- have developed a through-and-through crack across the diameter of the piece . They basically broke into two pieces . One small plate was delivered that way . This occurred with normal usage.The manufacturer replaced the items willingly with advice that one should rotate the pieces used in the microwave . Also , I was advised not use a piece in the microwave oven for 24-48 hours after the bottom of the piece had adsorbed water through the unglazed ring on the bottom where the plate contacts the table . These are burdensome restrictions and that have not been required for other dinnerware I have owned.Another problem
 I have been sitting on a Kensington Liquicell Seat Restfor several days . It does not breathe and you can get more cushion by sitting on a folded towel.I ordered 4 as Christmas gifts.I returned the 3 unopened ones . I wish I hadtested it with the package cover still on so I could send it back too.I can not believe this product is still on the market.Don ' t waste your money.Totally useless .
 I do n't normally write bad reviews but this cushion is really bad ... in fact I would n't call it a cushion at all . The so called `` liquicells '' are non-existent . When you sit on it , what liquid there is moves to the sides , providing no padding or support at all . As a previous reviewer mentioned , you could definitely get better cushioning from a towel -LRB- and it would be a lot cheaper -RRB- . No doubt that this is getting returned !
 Complete waste of money . Totally without any redemptive qualities . The person that developed this should be made to endure festering bedsores .
 Literally , it 's like taking one side of a sweatshirt , laying it on the seat of the chair and sitting on that panel of cloth . And cutting up a sweatshirt would have been cheaper . My tag for this item ; `` Garbage '' .
 So hard to find this size , I am sorry I bought this one , scratchy . Also pills after a while . I 've tossed it .
 Do not order this product !!!!! It took almost a MONTH to receive these candles which were shipped from China . When I did finally get them they were damaged and one was broken . As a bride buying reception decorations I am beyond annoyed !
 Most of the reviews were favorable so I bought these pretty confident that I would get what was described . Nope . These are white , non-flickering LEDs . AKA NOT what the item was described as . The base itself is chunky , white , and unattractive . They all worked , but other than that , there is little positive about these . Returning .
 Four out ot twelve lights did not work . It is too much of a hassle to return the items . I would recommend that if you order these , make sure that you can work with less than twelve in the event that a few do not work .
 Batteries do n't last very long , a few days at most . I 've bought similar lights in the past that would stay lit for weeks .
 I SHOULD 'VE LISTENED TO MY HUSBAND AND NOT BOUGHT THESE ... THEY ABSOLUTELY SUCK !!! WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY . THEY ARE NOT BRIGHT ENOUGH TO EVEN SEE 20 FT STANDING OUTSIDE OF THE WINDOW ; END UP SPENDING MORE ON THE BATTERIES THAN THE LIGHTS THEMSELVES ...
 The quality was so much worse than advertised . I feel like I can not even use them . I would not make this purchase again .
 This candles dont look a lot natural , even inside a candle pot , they should be a litlle more white . I bouth others that look a bit more natural but these ones dont make the trick ...
 I really do n't like these candles . Reasons as follows
 Do n't buy those . The battery life is very short . Maybe a day or two of continuous usage . Not worth the money .
 I bought these and most did n't work with the batteries in them . They are a different size from those they say they use , CR 2032 !!! So i have 25 batteries i can not use now . The actual size is LR44 , much smaller in diameter . They work if you clean the batteries in them for most of them anyway ... not a bad deal if you work with them and get the right batteries . . they flicker nice and have a bright glow with clean batteries .
 Lights work but they only work for a while then completely dim out , also they arrived with the top detached from the bottom . Seller refuses to respond to my return request and it has been over a week .
 Caveat - they were cheap and delivered fast.Other than that , it is a big why bother . Either use a real candle or step up to the larger sized candles with what must be better technology . I tried a pack of these against real candles , larger ones I bought and was very disappointed . I would have paid 2x to get the same flicker that the larger ones have , but after reading all the reviews rolled the dice on these.Beware you will only get a little light LED and nothing close to a flame effect .
 The lights seem fine , but beware , they call for 3 little batteries , not 1 CR2032 . Since I already have a bunch of cr2032 batteries on hand I was hoping to use them up . Unfortunately , I 'll be returning these and trying to get some that call for cr2032s .
 these are described as amber and flickering . well , they 're neither . the candle is a white plastic tealight-shaped thing w. a bulb in place of a wick . the light is best described as ` old school fluorescent ' ... blueish-white ? harsh ! i have a pre-lit white LED garland and other amber flameless candles and these clash horribly . even in votive glasses they 're still harsh . also , 2 of the 12 came ` dead ' . fortunately , amazon makes the return process very easy . they are arranging for UPS pickup at my address . appreciate that ease !
 Many of the lites never worked . Best to . Insider one time use disposible item but at the price , worked well for that type of use .
 These tea lights were placed inside mini red lanterns , and make the red glass appear a bright gold . Not at all what I expected .
 These are great if you use in a tall glass but wicks are too tall for regualr tea candle holders so they look goofy
 These candles are not amber . They have a vaguely amber glow when you turn them on , but that is the only thing amber about them . The photo is clearly misleading . The candles are bright white and have huge clunky looking `` wicks '' . Better looking white battery operated tea lights are readily available for better prices . I picked up several , priced two for $ 1 , at my local grocery store . I 'm returning these overpriced things and will never buy anything from Lily 's Home again , as I feel their marketing of these was deceptive .
 Do not order this product !!!!! It took almost two MONTHS to receive these candles which were shipped from China . When I did finally get them they were damaged and one was broken . As a bride buying reception decorations I am beyond annoyed !
 Long Lasting Life is not true . One light lasted two hours , another four and the other stopped working within 10 minutes . A waste of your money .
 Have to say I was very disappointed . We ordered a set of stainless knives -LRB- Value99 fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- that were labeled as Jean Dubost Laguiole Steak Knives . When they arrived they were quite different from the online picture . We were unhappy , but assumed we 'd made an error in ordering . So bought a different set -LRB- black rather than stainless handles -RRB- that was very clearly marked Jean Dubost Laguiole . Again we were shipped a set of BARENTHAL not Jean Dubost.Since we 'd been extremely careful to inspect all the website photos and documentation before ordering the 2nd set , we knew there was a problem with Value99/Amazon . We checked and found an adhesive sticker w/bar code that identified the item as Jean Dubost when it was in fact Barenthal.Clearly the item is not Jean Dubost . I ca n't speculate as to why the wrong item was shipped . The sticker could have been a simple mistake or it could have been a management decision to cut costs -LRB- if they can buy the Barenthal cheaper -RRB- and/or a substitution done when Jean DuBost was out of stock . Regardless of why it happened - TWICE its totally UNSATISFACTORY.Amazon has really disappointed me after many years of exceeding all expectations.We will be returning both sets , which are being given as gifts . Really happy we ordered them shipped to our home rather than direct shipped the person receiving the gift . We would probably never have discovered the problem and my sister would have felt slighted for years to come and I would n't know why .
 Laguiole definitely has a branding problem . Apparently some company , Barenthal , is using the name for products not even worthy of 1980s vintage `` made in china '' knockoffs . Whoever is sending these out is counting on some real ignorance . I went and saw the DuBost knives in person today and they 're decent knives unlike what you 'll receive if you order these . Unfortunately my gift money has been hijacked by the grinch and I ca n't buy the real deal in time for xmas .
 So hard to find this size , I am sorry I bought this one , scratchy . Also pills after a while . I 've tossed it .
 I 've used gas wine preservers for many years with good results . In my opinion , it 's the best way to preserve an opened bottle of wine.Private Reserve is a good product except that the last can I bought had only 22 two second bursts in it . They advertise 120 uses and 600 seperate sprays . I do n't know if someone tampered with only this bottle or whether it 's the norm but beware that you may run out of the gas sooner than later .
 The nozzle is very difficult to use . It takes so much pressure to dispense that I 'm not able to keep it in place between the cork and the bottle while dispensing . Also , the flimsy little straw does n't always connect right so the product sprays out at the connection rather than into the bottle . By the time I managed to get a few sprays into the bottle I 'm pretty sure it was n't done right , so I 'm not surprised the wine had lost flavor 3 days later .
 Bought this on the advice of an expert . However , only about 2-3 seconds of gas - hardly the 120 uses . Maybe a pattern is emerging ?
 One Plate already cracked . I ordered round Serving Bowl , to large ! Coffee Mugs to big !
 When it worked , it was great
 I do n't recommend this microwave . Think it only lasted about a year . A little over ... spend a little more and get something that will last longer . Evidently the parts on this were not made to last long . One day it just started being really noisy and no cooking think that says the magnetron -LRB- microwave producing element -RRB- was dead . I am glad i did not review after purchase coz now can let folks know it is not made to last ... I will get another brand this time around !
 I purchased this stainless steel mug to replace a Starbucks stainless steel mug that I lost . -LRB- The Starbucks mug kept coffee hot for several hours . -RRB- I was looking for a stainless mug with a tapered base to fit in my car 's cupholder , and this cup fit perfectly . The problem with this mug is that although it is stainless steel , it only keeps the coffee hot for about an hour . I am currently using a plastic Starbucks mug that keeps coffee hot for about the same amount of time.Another thing I do not like the that the coffee has to pass through the valve apparatus , which affects the taste and limits the flow . Keep in mind I often like to gulp my coffee . Even though I clean the valve often , it seems to get dirty and affect the flavor.A spill-proof mug is not an important aspect for me , but the Trudeau did fare well in this regard .
 This mug is great for about a month , then it LEAKS everywhere . Buy something else .
 The lid on this cup is sealed in such a way that liquid will not come through no matter how the seal is adjusted . Wasted 10 $ on this .
 I bought this because it is stainless steel and leak-proof . It 's true that it does n't leak , but when it 's open , you ought to be able to get the beverage out . When the top is set to open , is has a slow leak -LRB- almost a drip -RRB- of liquid out . It 's impossible to get a real sip out of this thing without taking the top off altogether !
 I 've been using the Trudeau travel mug for over a year now , and I really do n't like it at all . What I do n't like : - The mug dribbles coffee from the lid seam onto your lap as you try to sip your coffee.-The mug is difficult to wash properly because of the lid design , and also because when you immerse the body in water , water goes into the bottom of the mug and gets stuck inside sloshing around and leaking water all over you the next time you try to use the mug.-The inside of the mug is coated with some sort of polymer that gives off a neverending disagreeable smell . You can not wash this smell away . It 's still there after all this time , and it ruins the taste of the coffee.I do n't understand all the reviews that say this mug is leak-proof . I have not found that to be true . I have spilled more coffee on myself with this mug than with any other travel mug I have ever used .
 If you like to drink your coffee fast , this is the mug for you ! Even with preheating , coffee only stays hot for 2 hours . The outside of the mug feels warm immediately after filling . I expected better performance . Other features are fine such as the stylish look and tight seal , but for an extra five bucks you can get a top of the line travel mug that performs its core function better .
 No spills and nice looking but coffee gets cold very very fast . Very disappointed .
 I had the prior version of this mug and loved it . As other posters have noted , Trudeau unfortunately changed the design of the lid for the worse . The new lid , which screws into the mug , does not permit an adequate flow of the coffee when it is in the open position . Drinking it while I drove my car , I had to literally lean my head back and use gravity to get enough coffee to come out . That lead to the coffee leaking onto my shirt -LRB- which I should have seen coming -RRB- . I tried to loosen the screw on the bottom of the lid as others mentioned , but I still ca n't get enough coffee to come out of it when it 's in the open position . I do n't have the same problems with it leaking that some others have mentioned , but that just tells me that this is an inconsistent , poorly made product .
 You have to be careful to screw the cap on well or it will leak . Steam water sometimes drips out the bottom through the inner lining . It can also trap water inside and fail to completely dry when left upside down .
 I bought a Trudeau coffee mug , looks good , but if they would have tested their mugs before they ship them out , which they do not ... the gasket in these mugs LEAKS ... you have been warned . Just remember how beyond irritating it is when you drip hot coffee down your top or your lap ... you buy this it will be your own fault , you were warned .
 I so badly want to replace the Trudeau that I got 15 years ago . It has the screw in lid and is completely leak proof . It is still almost as good today as the day I got it . This model is a poor imposter and the best coffee mug design ever has apparently been shelved for smaller , crappier ones . This is probably not a terrible mug , but it 's not the one I was looking for !
 The mug does n't leak ; that 's good , but the liquid cools quickly , too quickley . Drink fast !
 This mug leaks through the joint between the lid and the rest of the mug . Especially when you are towards the end of the drink.It 's also almost impossible to clean the lid properly due to it 's design.Also , it really does n't keep drinks warm at all . They cool at the same rate as drinks would from a normal non-insulated mug -LRB- even with the lid on and closed , and even following the instructions to pre-heat the mug with hot water ! -RRB- Overall a huge disappointment.The positive reviews baffle me , maybe mine is defective in some way as it seems to fail in every category it claims to excel in !
 I purchased this to try and replace my older Trudeau Travel Mug that had a screw in lid . This new `` Drivetime '' mug is not as good , because it leaks ... Not a lot , but enough to stain my car , backpack , shirt , etc. . Otherwise it is very similar to the older mug . In regards to insulation it keeps my coffee hot for two hours as advertised , and that 's plenty for me . It 's also easy to drink out of , but then so is the old one . . and the old one does n't leak !
 It looks nice . It 's easy to hold . I ca n't tell you if it keeps coffee warm , because most of it landed on my white blouse . It leaked the very first time I used it . I 'm not talking about a drop now and then ; I 'm talking about major leakage . You 're better of with the plastic mugs from the convenience store . Too much money for too little quality .
 The Trudeau Drivetime Travel Mug has a very comfortable handle with a solid seat for your thumb , but that 's where it ends . The Twist-top lock prevents any ADDITIONAL liquid from escaping ; however after you 've taken a sip , residual liquid sits in the 360 degree slits . Even when locked that portion will spill everytime . This mug does NOT hold its contents Hot as long as my Starbucks version ; although it does outlast the plastic travel mugs . With so many holes to drink out of , when you get to the bottom of your cup and tip it up , your coffee starts to pour out too many holes and ends up going around your mouth and down your chin . I work in a dusty environment and like the flip top mugs because it actually protects the drinking area from getting dirty . The twist top locks the drink from under the lid , so any dirt or dust sits on the entire drinking area and is always exposed . This will do the job , but there 's many other options that I would prefer .
 I bought two for my husband to take to work . Good size , look nice and keep coffee pretty warm however both leak and started leaking from 1st use . Have only had them a few weeks and have already thrown one of them out . The other does n't leak as bad so he wraps a face cloth around it to catch the drips . It 's ridiculous really . Do n't bother .
 After using the cup for a while I 've decided I 'm not very happy with it . It does seem to be constructed well and the inside is stainless , however it has some significant draw backs . The most significant is that because the lid pours from a complete circle all the way around as opposed to a single opening , if you tilt the cup too much the liquid will come out from everywhere and end up running down your face and onto your clothes -LRB- easy to do when driving -RRB- . Also , the handle comes down so far that it does not fit into most car cup holders well because the handle hits the center console and it does n't sit flat . Lastly , -LRB- very minor complaint -RRB- when I first got the cup no liquid would come out because the screw controlling the flow was way too tight and I had to loosen it to be able to drink anything.I guess I 'll keep searching for a good all stainless travel mug ...
 When I try to drink from the cup very little of the liquid comes out . I tried to adjust screw of lid as was suggested . It worked but next time I used it it went back to allowing very little of liqui to come out . I like the design etc but the lid is not good for drinking from .
 It 's possible I missed it in other people 's reviews , but this is a hand-wash only mug . Additionally , the whole open/close knob on the lid does n't really perform as one would want . In my case , the darn thing just always stays closed . Yet again , I 've been beat down by `` improvements '' . Next time , I 'll buy a mug that does n't have moving parts .
 Due to the price , I did n't have too high expectations when ordering , but the product came nowhere near the quality I 'd hoped.The only thing that seems to work correctly is the thermometer , the hydrometer and barometer do n't work , period.The gauges are poorly constructed and are loose in the wood frame , the `` brass finish '' is just gold painted plastic -- the whole thing has a cheap overall feel to it -- same quality you might expect when paying under $ 5 for something like this.I 'd seriously consider going with a different product than this one if you 're in the market for a home weather station .
 The sheet looks terible after washing the first time . It is not deserved even $ 20 . I do n't recommend to buy .
 These sheets are very soft and have a nice design , but the queen size fitted sheet did not fit my queen size bed ! And I do n't even have a deep mattress . The sheet actually does n't seem to be long enough . Two of the corners seems have split .
 The picture shows pillow cases and another sheet but this only comes with 1 fitted sheet .
 I found this at a local store for half the price . Wish I would have done more research before I bought it . Totaly my fault . The dish is nice the bird not so much . Also was suprised to see it was made in China .
 The cutting board is pretty but flawed.The metal band is not tight against the wood . In several places , it 's loose enough to catch something , like fingers and hands . Since the metal edge is also very sharp , I managed to cut myself four times before I finally threw the blasted thing away .
 I have had this board exactly one year . It was oiled regularly . It just cracked completely through . I was initially impressed . Do n't waste your money . It does not last . I called the manufacterer and they had no interest in returns or partial credit/replacement . Avoid the product . This review is based on one year of use !
 I ordered the Cutting Board from Amazon , my account was charged and it never arrived.After receiving no communication from Amazon or Knife Depot ... I called Knife Depot and they informed me that the item had been shipped and they would be happy to track the shipment for me.I received a call later that day informing me that the item had been returned to them `` damaged '' in shipment and that they did not have any more cutting boards of the design I ordered in stock . I was also encouraged to reorder another cutting board . Knife Depot credited my account for the purchase price and shipping.I have no problems with Knife Depot and have since ordered a replacement cutting board from them , but hope in the future they will be more pro-active about informing customers when their is a problem with an order .
 It looks attractive , but I was markedly disappointed with the lack of sharpness in all the knives . I find myself reaching for an old set of knives to cut up vegetables . If the fruit or veggies are nearing ripeness , the kitchenaid knives will not cut through them at all .
 Almost all my kitchen is KitchenAid . Since this brand is recognized by the quality in its products I figured this knives were no exception but this product is just wrong . Some of the knifes are full tang -LRB- 5 -RRB- and this is good , so I gave it a star . But the rest of the knifes just have the blade attached to the handle -LRB- meat knives -RRB- The wooden block scratches the knives , and I 'm not saying that this happen over time , just happened by placing the knives in the block and taking them out , how can this happen with KitchenAid -LSB- ... -RSB- The construction of the wooden block and the knives is poor . Not what you expect from KitchenAid , that 's for sure -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was so excited to get this new set of knives because I had been working with mismatched pieces for so long . After doing research , I found this to be a very good deal -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- . But , I am very dissapointed with the quality . I would have expected more from `` Kitchenaid '' . Two of the knives were rusted when we got them . When you wash them , you must be very diligent to wipe dry ASAP or they will rust . I used to put all of my old knives in the dishwasher , with no rust at all . These ca n't go in the dishwasher , and yet even with careful handwashing , rust way too easy.No wonder they were so cheap !
 I was SO excited to get these cute stylish Kitchen Aid knives . I got them out to use them tonight and could not notice a difference between them and my cheap IKEA knives -- in fact , I like the IKEA ones more !
 KitchenAid should not have their name on this product . They are not dishwasher safe , and who wants to wash every knife by hand ? In the dishwasher , they rust up the first time and just get worse . I bought these for my wife for Christmas , and they will be in the trash before Mother 's Day .
 I bought these knives on a Friday amazon sale and thought I was getting something pretty good . Instead , I got some very plastic cheesy looking knives . The steak knives look like they cost about 99 cents each . The rest of the knives are pretty good and very sharp . They cut well and have good balance . I was just really dissapointed with the steak knives as all the other knives are of good quality .
 I just recieved my knife set 4 days ago.Last night a knife was left in the sink and it rusted.What is up with that.I would recommend not getting this product.The knife set I had at $ 60.00 never rusted in the 10 years I had them.Shame on you kitchenaid for selling bad products .
 So hard to find this size , I am sorry I bought this one , scratchy . Also pills after a while . I 've tossed it .
 The items were received on time.The Thermometers 4 of them , received today ; are terribly scratched and in bad condition . We were looking to received flawless items , new and in good shape . That 's what we thought we were paying for . They looked like used.For the partial pending to be shipped we asked you the seller to make sure they items undergo some sort of quality control inspection to determine if they items are presentable to be displayed in a professional environment if they are not please don ' ship and inform us.Regards , KOBELCO COMPRESSORS AMERICA , INC. .
 It is quite colorful but thats all i can say about it It is cheap . It is plastic . And it is 8 degrees off . Need I say more ??? What a complete waste of money .
 My Springfield Precision Instruments 13-Inch Thermometer with Heat Index , Wind Chill and Hygrometer arrived in the box face down with no bubble wrap and busted !! I asked for a replacement and still have n't seen it !! Obviously a company that does n't care about the customers !!
 it seems to work but is really made cheaply ! very thin plastic . made in china ! i 'm not impressed i guess were getting so used to buying this crap it takes something like this to remind us . amazon 's shipping ca n't be beat it came the next day .
 looks good ; measures temp o.k. ; humidity indicator shows minus 0 % ; In FL not in OH , therefore , not a chance it 's correct !
 Do n't be looking for accuracy . And if the hygrometer is is important to you ... keep looking . For what I paid ? I did n't expect much , and I was n't disappointed .
 This thermometer registers temperature based on a metalic coil on the back of the unit . Mine read 4 to 7 degrees to low . The humidity indicator , as others have commented , simply does n't work.Otherwise , it was an attractive ornament.I just threw it in the trash.If you want to know the temperature , I recommend the dual mercury thermometer for $ 10 , including prime shipping , Reed MM2 Max-Min Analog Thermometer , -40 to 120 Degrees F.You ca n't see it across the yard , but it 's accurate .
 This product is poorly made and is not accurate.The back is fully exposed I 'm sure it would be ruined after 1 good storm.I sent it back to Amazon 2 days after I received it.Do not buy not worth 2 cents.I long for the days when quality products were manufactured in the U.S.
 Looks like a toy and cheap . Well what do you expect for the price that you pay . It 's a hollow plastic disc without a backing and with plastic clear covering , not glass . I 'm not so familiar with its accuracy since I did n't bother to check it . If you want a toy looking thermometer then this is for you . If you want something elegant then find a more expensive product .
 The &#34; generious &#34; 18oz capacity listed in the description is realy more like 14oz , less the 11/2 oz of space required for the cover so it wo n't over flow . It 's only leak proof if you get the cover on perfectly wich would n't be a big deal except it 's almost impossible to align the inside threads of the cover once hot liquid is poured into the cup . Do n't seem to have the problem when the cup is empty . So I would say if the cup is empty , it 's leak proof . The handle is ackward to hold , and drinking from the bevel shaped lid is a challenge not to let it spill from the lower sides . The lever used to close the drinking spouts is difficult to use especialy after it 's wet from sitting in coffee while you drink . On a positive note it does seem to keep the coffee hot longer than the cheaper plastic travel mug .
 I liked the size , colors and insulation , but I could never figure out how to open and close this mug .
 Beautiful mug and the coffee stays hot . When they say leakproof lid , however , they really mean it . Even in the open position NOTHING comes out !!! Ca n't figure out if it is possible to adjust the lid . We have to drink our beverages with the lid off which defies to whole purpose of `` travel mugs '' . I took advantage of the 5 year warrenty and the replacements had the same problem . Apperently as the gasket on the lid heats up it expands . Then the seal is just as tight as if it were in the closed position . We are very unhappy with this product and I wish to give it -5 Stars .
 I got this and loved the ergonomics . Great feel , size and balance . I was bitterly disappointed that after one cycle in the dishwasher , the top malfunctioned . The mug has a twisting/locking sealing mechanism and the heat from the dishwasher must have expanded it . Now it will not pour at all . Please note , this was not a ` special cycle ' or high temp wash , just normal dishwasher and the thing is ruined . I also ruined a pair of pants yesterday when I could n't figure out why I could not sip and them coffee came running out the side.My only saving grace is that I figured this out before I went and bought more . BAD PRODUCT DO NOT BUY
 This coffee mug did not keep the coffee hot . I would not make the same purchase again .
 My particular model , unfortunately , was n't so leakproof ; even with the lid screwed on as tight as it gets , it spills coffee at the lid 's gasket ... including during normal usage . In other words , as I 'm carefully drinking coffee out of it , I end up with drops of coffee falling onto my tie.Bad design . Do n't buy , unless you 've got a dry cleaner as a friend .
 Nice looking mug and No spills but , you better drink your coffee very fast . Terrible insulation system . Do n't buy it .
 I used this for only 2 - 3 weeks and the black paint on the mug began to chip off . While it keeps the contents hot , the design of the lid doesnt allow all the fluid inside to come out especially towards the end . I would go with another brand than this mug . Infact I had to return it back to Amazon for a refund .
 I bought this grater for my husband last Christmas . It looked sturdy and was made of steel , so I hoped it would not crack , as most other graters had . And I hoped it would remain sharp . It is not cracked or become dull , but we find it most unwieldy for actually grating . It 's design makes holding it closed and turning the handle very hard . I ca n't use it at all , my husband can manage , but not easily . And itStainless Steel Rotary Cheese Graters long handle makes it always in the way in the refrigerator . So we are still looking for a decent cheese grater .
 I would not recommend . We have use only a few times and the drum that grades the cheese has a big dent in it . Heavy and ackward to use .
 Simply put , this device is inaccurate and ca n't be relied on at all whatsoever . If it was anywhere near worth the six buks , I 'd say so . It 's complete junk and they should pay YOU to use it ! Just do n't buy it . Unless you want to waste a few bucks ...
 Humidity guage way off . Unit cheaply built . Dont waste your money . Not much good to say . I am at a loss for words .
 1 . You do n't get the hygrometer you see in the picture . You get instead useless tin and plastic product that does not work and does not even look like the item in the picture -LRB- The thermometer works but not the hygrometer -RRB- . Ironically , in correspodence with the condescending distributer , he called this an `` upgrade '' !! In my book it is false advertising and switch and bait when you show one product but ship another . I asked him in 2 emails to not sell this item or at least to change the photo advertising this item on AMAZON . He did not even relate to my request , but he did return the money . Amazingly , you 'd think he 'd like to see what the problem is and ask me to return it . NO . He does not care what I do with the 2 junky instruments . He had no interest in my sending them back !! 2 . Here is what 's wrong
 My Hygrometer/Thermometer arrived broken - the dial was not connected to the coils behind the plate . I could take it apart and put it back together -LRB- which I did -RRB- , but then I had to find a way to calibrate it . If I already knew the temperature and humidity , I would n't have needed to buy it ! So it 's not clear the reading is even meaningful . Since it definitely needs calibration -LRB- when it arrives without hands on the dials connected -RRB- , it would be great if you could do so externally rather than by taking it apart -LRB- over and over -RRB- and forcing the hands to move.Don ' t expect the instrument to look like anything other than a plastic toy . The dial looks OK in the photo , but in person , it looks like a $ 1.00 device you buy at a kid 's store . When you take it apart , you see just two tiny 1/2 '' diameter coils and that 's it.Clearly you get what you pay for when you buy a cheap item -LRB- it 's not expensive except for shipping -RRB- . Do n't be fooled by the photo or the rave description . Calling it `` precision '' is true irony .
 We got this thermometer for hatching chickens , and needed a really precise instrument , which this is not . It appears -LRB- compared to two other , quite reliable thermometers we have in the incubator -RRB- to run at least 3 degrees below actual temp . The hygrometer I can not speak for , as I am comparing to only one other , and , while they have a 10 % disparity , I can not say which is more accurate . A great price if only a very approximate read is needed .
 Only lasted several weeks , not very accurate and hard to read.I replaced it with a digital humidity monitorFred T
 Ordered a 2 pack , only received a single pillow ... which upon being filled the first time , found it leaked terribly . Best I could get was a 1/2 refund for the one that never arrived since the leaking pillow was `` used '' . So much for consumer protection and refunds for defective products . Do not buy ANYTHING from this company , especially this product , unless you want to lose your money . You 'd have better odds at Vegas getting your money back .
 In order to even get a little support from this pillow you have to fill it to the limit . It 's incredibly heavy and leaks a little . I would not recommend this pillow at all , it 's not any better than a regular pillow . I wish we never would 've wasted our money .
 This product is DANGEROUS.I used these for 9 months . I bought the pillow covers , and because I typically only wash the pillow case , I had no reason to remove the zippered pillow cover . I just decided to wash the cover , and upon pulling it off , saw black mold . The second pillow had the same black mold growing out from around the plug . This is hazardous to one 's health . I mentioned to a few people that I have been sick more in the past 6 months than I have been in the prior 3 years . While I ca n't say &#34; It 's the pillow !! &#34; , there 's a good chance that sleeping on mold-generating machine every night for an extended period may have contributed.DO NOT BUY THIS . I am going to send mine in for a refund .
 I purchased this pillow thinking it would be amazing based on all these 5-star reviews . Most overrated pillow ever ! We currently own 4 different pillow types for our beds . This is the least comfortable . I toss and turn when sleeping on it . It is soft on top and hard on the bottom , which does not feel good . I now have one of these pillows sitting in the guest bedroom and the other in the basement . My two cents
 This product does n't do what it is advertised to do . I actually had more neck pain than before after using it for awhile .
 While I could get the lift I needed by adding water , the water itself made the pillow feel cold . I tried wrapping it in a double layer of fleece and then my pillowcase but after one night my neck and shoulders hurt so bad from the cool water that I just gave up . Reminded me of the time my waterbed heater gave out . Even a heavy quilt on top did n't protect me from the coolness . I was definitely not happy with this product and would not recommend it .
 i purchased `` The Total Blender '' back in 2006 . i just started using it and it has about 60-70 uses on the odometer . the blades have already seized and started smoking . then it leaked . called the company for service today and they said that i needed to buy another container . i think they should have at least looked at my machine ; it looks BRAND NEW and yet it wo n't work ? i think i got a bum one from the factory and did n't notice it until i moved into my professional/home kitchen and started to use it ... which is what i bought it for.because of the service , i think i 'm selling the motor unit and jumping ship to the longer warrantied vitamix . it seems that company actually stands by their product . sorry blentec . you won me on the will it blend , but lost me because you actually wo n't blend for me . -LRB- unless i pay another $ 100 for a blade and container . -RRB-
 I really do like my Senseo coffee maker . I , like others who have reviewed the Kona Pods here , was always searching for a better tasting coffee pod to use in the machine . I was excited to see that Kona now made pods and was also happy to see that they had a pod that was a ' 2 cup style ' . I have not found it to be a huge deal to use 2 smaller ' 1 cup ' size pods , but it sounded nice to be able to just put one large pod in the machine instead of 2 smaller one.After reading some of the reviews here , I could not figure out what some of the reviewers meant by the Kona pods making different amount of coffee per cup each time or how the coffee could be strange and undrinkable . It just did n't make sense . Well , it still does n't make sense , but it certainly happened with the coffee I made using the Kona pods also.My results were overall poor and it was very disappointing as the Kona pods cost a lot more than Folgers or other pod brands that I can buy locally . The first thing I noticed was that the coffee in the 2 cup sized Kona pods is packed in much more tightly than in any other pod I have ever used in my Senseo . The instructions for the Kona pods say to wiggle the pods to break up the coffee before inserting into the machine . The Kona pods feel very hard when taken out of their package . I always wiggled and jiggled the pods for about 10 seconds before putting them in the Senseo . After my problems with the Kona pods , my husband decided that I was not ` wiggling ' them enough . He promptly wiggled one to the point that it broke open . So , there is just so much that can be done to the pod before putting it in the machine.The first thing that I noticed was that the amount of coffee brewed when using the Kona pod was quite a bit less than when using 2 smaller pods . That did not make much sense , but after several cups of Kona , it was obvious that there was never the amount of coffee coming out as before when using 2 small one cup pods . The best I can figure out is that the Kona pods themselves seem to ` hold ' a lot more water . There is more water that remains in the pod itself after the brewing is done . The pod itself is heavier when I take it out to throw it away . So , I believe the reason that there is less actual coffee using Kona pods is that the pods themselves retain a lot more water and it can not pass through into the coffee cup.Then , as others have mentioned , there is the problem that happens to me about 1/2 the time when using the Kona pods . The problem is that for whatever reason , the water does not actually go through and penetrate the Kona pods during the brewing cycle . The ` coffee ' that is supposed to be coming out of the spout is just water ! This problem is one that I still can not really figure out . The Kona pods are a little smaller in diameter than all the other pods I have tried . So , I guess that somehow the water has enough room to ` go around ' the actual pod and come out of the spout without ` going through ' the pod to brew coffee . I also wonder if the paper filter of the Kona pods is different than other pods and for some reason the Kona paper is more difficult for water to penetrate . I have tried wetting the Kona pod paper filter right before starting to brew the coffee thinking that perhaps it would help the water to penetrate the paper and pod . But , that has not worked for me.So , it is back to regular more reasonably priced coffee pods for me . I have wasted too many expensive Kona pods trying to get a proper cup of coffee from them . Even when the Kona pods brew a cup of coffee , it is not as large of an amount of coffee as I get using other brands . So , adding the cost of the Kona pods to the fact that it brews a smaller amount of coffee equals a product that is way too expensive when it does actually work.I have been reading of a product called an EcoPod . It is a refillable pod for these type of coffeemakers . It might be the next thing I try .
 Echoing other reviews , performance is not consistant . One time we did get excellent coffee , this morning it jammed the Senseo machine with a steam lock and there is not telling when we will be able to re-open it . Considering the price of these pods , even only one bad pod makes it impossible to recommend the product .
 I was thrilled to find Kona coffee in pods for my Senseo machine . However , these pods do not really fit right . Consequently , sometimes you get a full cup that is mostly water -- then you might get half a cup . There is NO consistency in how much coffee will actually come out -- or how strong/weak the coffee will be . I ca n't tell if it 's manufacturing irregularities or whether the pods are just poorly designed . In any event , only about one in five pods actually produces a drinkable full cup of coffee . I emailed Aloha Island Coffee Company with my concerns and asking for advice , but have not yet received an answer after two weeks.I 'm going back the the Douwe Egberts pods -- at least they are consistent and A LOT less expensive .
 I have to agree with the guy who complained about consistency . I have wasted two very expensive pods so far . The first time I used a Kona pod the machine jammed and I could not open it for 24 hours , -LRB- caused a steam lock -RRB- , about 5 tablespoons of undrinkable crap came out of my senseo . The next time I tried a Kona pod I got a quarter amount of what should have been a two cup try . I am not very impressed so far . I am now afraid to try again .
 I received these in the black version as a Christmas gift in 2005 . I used them for 2.5 years , always washing them by hand . I just recently had to toss them out because I heard about the dangers of flaking teflon and went to check these pans and sure enough , tiny black specks came off when I ran my fingernail along the inside of ALL of these pans . How disgusting to think we were eating that stuff every time I cooked in them which was 8-10 times a week . They should n't sell things like this , that do n't even last 3 years even if they 're well taken care of.Also the strainer lid does n't lock onto the 5 quart pot ... the side handles just fold up over the lid and you have to hold them down yourself to keep the lid on during straining -LRB- which is hard to do when you 're tilting forward a heavy pot full of boiling food and liquid -RRB- . I also had to use hot pads during straining because of the heat and steam that escaped . I ca n't count how many times I accidentally dumped hot boiling spaghetti out along with the water or wasted boiling hot homemade salsa down the sink drain -LRB- and splashed everywhere else ! -RRB- because the straining lid would slide forward during straining . It was downright dangerous to use.The only reason I 'm giving this cookware two stars instead of one is because it fed us for two and half years ; even though we 're probably poisoned from flaking teflon now , ha ! We just switched all our pans to Todd English Greenpan thermolon and our pots to Oneida Cook 'n' Poor stainless steel and so far so good .
 The mug looks stylish and , yes , it does not leak , but has two drawbacks :1 . it 's hand-wash only2 . the lid is very hard to cleanafter using this mug for more than a year now I was foolish enough to take a screwdriver and disassemble the lid . The space between the seal and the top of the lid was absolutely disgusting , even though I had cleaned it regularly with a brush . Since I do n't want to do a major maintenance job after every morning coffee I chucked the mug and reverted back to a cheapo mug I received as a gift earlier .
 I purchased 3 of these mugs after reading the customer reviews at this site . Unfortunately , the mug lids are ineffective . The opening where the liquid is supposed to flow through -LRB- so you can drink it -RRB- is so small it 's impossible to get a sip . I tried returning them and had 1 successful return transaction but now have 2 mugs which are not usable . I 've tried using a screwdriver to create a larger opening and I 've tried stretching it with various utensils but the lids end up the way they started
 The Trudeau is most excellent and the price via Amazon beats other easily . Thumbs up for style , form , and part of the function
 This cup does n't leak . Unfortunately , you ca n't sip from it either -LRB- unless you have the patience to drink your beverage at the rate of 4-5 drops per minute -RRB- . There is barely any difference between the open and closed positions.Unfortunately I could n't return it since I mangled the cup by removing a large o-ring , hoping it would allow the contents to flow more freely . It did , but now there is no difference between the open and closed positions . My suggestion is not to waste your money on this product .
 I think I could get more coffee from a swizel stick . When it is open , the coffee barely trickles out . It does not allow enough coffee to drink out of it . I will say that yes it is great with being spillproof , but what good is that if no coffee comes out .
 This travel mug is cute and fits into my car cup holder but it leaks ! So I drink it with top off once I get to work . But by the time I get there -LRB- a whole 10 mintes later -RRB- some sort of heat vacuum thing has happened and I ca n't get the lid off - no joke .
 I got this as a gift . I 'm so glad I didnt spend money on this product . It doesnt do what it 's supposed to do . The area where the lid closes with the mug leaks so when you 're drinking on the top , the bottom is leaking liquid onto your clothes . Thank God I use all my mugs to drink hot water only or else this mug would ruin a lot of clothes.Also , I dont know if I got a defective product or what but the lid doesnt `` close '' ... when I turn the knob and `` close '' the top ... I can still pour water out of it . When it 's in the `` open '' position ... I can also pour water but just a lot more water than the `` close '' position . So basically the lid is useless.Lastly , keeping the drink warm ? Dont even think about it . Your drink will get luke warm within the first hour .
 While this appears to be a very attractive French Press unit , it is most definitely NOT a Neopolitan flip over type coffee maker . The seller should revise the description .
 The sheet looks terible after washing the first time . It is not deserved even $ 20 . I do n't recommend to buy .
 These sheets are very soft and have a nice design , but the queen size fitted sheet did not fit my queen size bed ! And I do n't even have a deep mattress . The sheet actually does n't seem to be long enough . Two of the corners seems have split .
 The picture shows pillow cases and another sheet but this only comes with 1 fitted sheet .
 The waffle maker and sandwich maker USED TO work great . -LRB- I never had the opportunity to use the pizzelle part . -RRB- Everyone in the family , including the kids , hated the BAM ! written all over their food but the food came out great . It worked fine for three or four months but then the non-stick coating started to bubble and peel off . And it is supposed to be high-end ALL-CLAD ? It ended up being returned with no questions asked ... makes me wonder how many others were returned . Hmmm ...
 I 've had this for awhile now and it worked great a first . I 've never used the Pizzelle plates , and only occasionally use the sandwich plates . However , I have started using the waffle plates frequently because my 2 year old is addicted to waffles now , and the non-stick coating is no longer working . Does n't seem to be coming off , like I read in another review . It just does n't work . I have to spray the plates with cooking spray before each new waffle and it still requires finesse to get the waffle off in one piece . I must say , I 've never been an Emeril fan and this just makes me like him even less .
 My wife wanted a pizzelle maker for Christmas and the combination pizzelle/sandwich/waffle maker led me to this device . I should have read the previous review more closely . The pizzelles and waffles will have that ridiculous catchphrase `` Bam ! '' printed on them . For that reason alone we are sending it back . Bam ! could have been printed all over the machine , is it really necessary to have it printed on the cooked food ? I suppose I ca n't comment on how well the machine works as we did not use it . -- BAM ! Right back to Amazon it goes .
 I recently bought two pair -LRB- i.e. , for 4 speakers -RRB- , because the DFSAT by Sanus was recommended by the speaker 's manufacturer . However , I immediately returned them , because the stands are way too light , and I was afraid that any accidental brush against the stand would cause it to fall down.The base , despite being called `` Nu-Stone '' , has the heft of common variety plastic , and the assemblage of the adjustable poles will always be wobbly no matter how hard you tighten the screws . Incidentally , the whole stand is kept together essentially by only two screws.The holes to send the speaker wire through is too small at one end -LRB- although it 's possible that my speaker wire is heftier than most would use for satellite speakers -RRB- . The one benefit is that Sanus ships the stands with three different ways to attach your speaker to them.I am still looking for a decent set of speaker stands , so I have no recommendations . If you want just any old piece of furniture to elevate your speakers , then this product will do the trick . If you want to buy a quality product for the price you paid , I advise you look elsewhere .
 The plastic or rubber coating on the ends are there to protect your tub . The coating was so thin it was ripped in multiple spots when I took it out of the packaging . Very disappointing !
 We had another bath caddy that broke and so we bought this to replace it . This is well made but unfortunately the book stand is very short and there wasnt a lip to hold the book open . We also tried a magazine that just slipped off if we wanted it to stay open . A heavy or tall book wont stand on it . For this reason , we returned it .
 Stand sits too low in normal-depth tub to allow enough clearance for all but small people . Works a little better with sliding side bars reversed downward into main tray such that the tray rises above the rim of the tub , but then there is nothing but the friction of the rubber sleeves from keeping the tray from dropping into the tub . Book stand does n't adjust enough to accommodate comfortable reading while fully immersed . Book angle only works well when seated , not while laying down in tub . No mechanism for holding book open -- must have a hand on book at all times . In summary , it may work OK for someone quite small who does n't want to read while laying down .
 Different paperweight , same seller
 Not sure how good this fan works as the base piece broke while my husband was putting it together . The welded bit was very flimsy . We sent it back to Amazon .
 I got them out of the box , put the rubber base on and slipped them under my bed posts as recommended . I sat on the bed and BOOM ! the two at the foot of my bed SHATTERED with just me on the bed -LRB- I am only 5 ' 2 '' !!! -RRB- I bet all 4 would have exploded under the weight of me AND my 6 ' tall boyfriend.These are promoted to help elderly people be able to get in and out of chairs , beds , etc. . OMG , I can not imagine the potential injury to someone who actually needs these due to arthritis or a hip replacement ; we bought them just to have extra room under the bed.Overall these feel cheap : They are hollow , so of course furniture will bust right through the top , it is only 1/8 '' thick!The wells to hold the feet of furniture look deep in picture but are VERY shallow -LRB- easy to shift out if they do n't break first -RRB- You only get 4 rubber rings to put on bottom edge to protect floor , but you get 8 lifts . I bought them to use on our couch and bed , but I could n't use both sets due to only 4 floor protectorsThey smell horrible out of the boxTHANK GOODNESS Amazon has such a painless return policy.PLEASE AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE ! They can potentially hurt you or your grandparents . They are not worth $ 25 , not worth 25 cents !
 I would hope the average customer purchasing this item would have better luck than I . The powder coating on thescrews was so thick I had to power wire brush them to bare metal to get them thru the holes . The welded bolts the screws attach to were a 1/4 inch too long preventing me from being able to tighten the assembly on the chair lever.I had to grind them off a bit and re thread to be able to use it . Possible a unique problem but a pain for me .
 Worked VERY WELL untill I had to re-install to another to a different chair ! Somehow my screws/bolts got stripped ! Do not when it happend ? Please tell how I can re-order . THIS IS BEST PRODUCT ! Please respond to my email adress . Thank you !
 I am an Ergonomics Consultant with VERY short arms . This product looked like just what I needed to be able to reach the handle on my recliner without over-extending my right shoulded . I injured it about a year ago , and it has been difficult for me to reach the handle more than ever.Unfortunately the design of the product made it only slightly easier for me to reach the handle and the hard metal handle stuck out into the walk way and I must have hit my leg on it 5 times before I decided to return it . I applaud Standers for their attempt at addressing this issue , but they missed the mark in my opinion when it came to design .
 I have severe arthritis in my right shoulder . This device `` sort of works . '' I do n't have as much pain as I had before I put it on .
 I did n't like this product much . Bought it for my dad after his stroke to make it easier to use his recliner . The thing does n't seem to stay tight enough and wobbles , so he wo n't use it . It may fit some other recliners better , I 'm not sure .
 I bought this because I thought it would help me use my recliner after I have major abdominal surgery . Well , it 's not made for over-sized La-Z-Boy recliners . It fits , and it works , but it is still very hard to reach the handle to both recline and sit up . After surgery I will have to have someone to raise and lower my chair for me until I can do it myself.It is a good invention , but it just is not made for all styles of chairs .
 The chair risers are advertised as `` nonskid '' but they can slide on carpet . Bought these for my elderly father who had hip surgery . His chair is in the middle of the room and when he sat down or stood up the chair slid . He uses a walker so it is dangerous for the furniture to move . Also , I did not think the depression at the top of the cone is as deep as it was described . Probably if the chair backed up to a wall or you do n't need a walker they would be OK . Even though I had used them the Stander Company said to return them . I bought them through Amazon and the return process was very easy through Amazon .
 The shape is not really compatible with the side of the chair . It would be better to design it to fit flat next to the chair ; flat on top ; and protruding on the side away from the chair . That way it would be easier to apply the necessary pressure to move the original chair lever .
 The wood was not properly sealed , and became `` splintery '' the first time that I hand washed it in the sink and towel dried it .
 I ca n't recommend these stands for anything more than speakers that might come in an HTIB set , they just are n't sturdy with any weight . I will admit , they were bought for a pair of speakers that were too heavy for them at 28lbs/each -LRB- over the weight limit by 3lbs -RRB- , but I have since upgraded speakers and the new ones are only 17lbs/each ; they are very shaky with either set . Not enough where I 'm afraid they 'll break , but they move quite a bit under load.Additionally , because the pillar is solid MFD wood , they resonate quite a bit . I wish I had thought of this before buying them as I would have gone with a hollow -LRB- can fill in with sand -RRB- steel stand instead . This would have taken care of both of these issues I think.Assembly is easy , but the hardware that comes with these is kind of a joke . The bottom spikes have a very loose threading , so they do n't stay very tight . I 've also found that the screws on each end need to be tightened every once in a while . I should also point out that the wire covers are a pain to get on . Once they 're on , leave them alone , or just do n't bother with them altogether.On the plus side , they do look pretty nice and I think they 'd work fairly well with lighter speakers , like in the sub-10lbs range . Smaller Polk Monitors/TSis , Onkyo HTIB speakers , etc I think these would be fine for . But heavier bookshelf/standmount speakers need something far more sturdy than these .
 Disappointed that I found it impossible to assemble the stands . You have to watch out that there are different length pre-drilled holes at the different ends of the pillars . I also did n't have an extensive toolkit to be able to redrill and enlarge the pre-drilled holes to make the assembly much easier . Things were so tight , I could n't drive the screws in even with a powertool . Otherwise they looked good quality construction and should suit smaller sized rear surround speakers . With appropriate planning you should be able to avoid breaking screws like I did . Onecall do n't pay for return shipping and Sanus were happy to send replacement parts , but I decided to return the item anyway . Maybe you 'll have more success .
 I 'm sorry I bought these - should have bit the bullet and bought $ 200 metal stands from B&W or whoever , instead of wasting $ 89 on these . The build quality is very poor . You have to attach a platform to the top and bottom of each stand . 3 of the 4 were ok , the 4th one did n't &#34; take &#34; and I had to drill a new , deeper hole and use a much longer screw . I do n't feel safe with my speakers on these things , they 're still a bit wobbly . AVOID . Would send them back but not worth the hassle - and shipping charges - at this point .
 I have other king sets and these sheets are much smaller . They are also very thin.Also , the picture shown does not have any stripes . The ones that I recieved have stripes .
 Scales is kinda flimsy and not real accurate - hard to accurately set the ounces . when measure 5 to 10 oz is ok but if you try to measure one or two ounces it does n't seem to be so well . I would not recommend it
 My husband knew I wanted it , so he got it for me . The pan came with scratches . I do n't think is gon na last , looks cheap and weak.Next time , I will pick another brand name , so disappointing .
 The Nordic Ware pans with the metal lids -LRB- 9x9 and 9x13 -RRB- are low quality , sharp edges on lid , lid does not fit and hard to get on and off , and mine came with the base dented . Absolute junk ! I also purchased the same with the plastic lids and they are great ! Totally different pan in style , quality , and materials.Nordic Ware Classic Metal 9x13 Covered Cake Pan
 I was so excited when I received the Nordic Ware 9X13 inch cake pan with the metal lid for Christmas two years ago . I used often and loved it until recently . It now has black spots and looks horrible . I can live with the appearance , but what is worse than the appearance is that the pan has corroded itself and there are now approximately 20 holes of varying size where the spots are the darkest . If I hold it up to the light it looks like the night sky . I believe this damage may have been caused by the use of the dishwasher -LRB- indicated as dishwasher safe -RRB- , and acid from an upside down strawberry shortcake that was left in the pan too long . I can not cook anything in this thing anymore as any non-solid runs through it onto the bottom of my oven and create a huge mess.I do need to add that some of my family members have had their Nordic Ware pans for 10-20 years and they still look phenomenal . My 8X8 pan that came with the 9X13 pan still looks great minus a few expected scratches . I think the 9X13 pan should have held up better , or the company should stand behind their products . As I received it as a gift I have no receipt for the warranty replacement and customer service will not help because there is no way to verify purchase date . I had always thought that this was a great brand and a good company . I am let down .
 The Nordic Ware pans with the metal lids -LRB- 9x9 and 9x13 -RRB- are low quality , sharp edges on lid , lid does not fit and hard to get on and off , and mine came with the base dented . Absolute junk ! I also purchased the same with the plastic lids and they are great ! Totally different pan in style , quality , and materials.Nordic Ware Classic Metal Covered Square Baker , 9 by 9 InchNordic Ware Classic Metal Covered Square Baker , 9 by 9 Inch
 I 'm a college student , got this bed for my first apartment and it is super modern and cool and I thought it was nice I would n't have to buy a box spring but I quickly learned my lesson ! It is really comfortable but it broke within about 3 months and is basically unfixable -LRB- my boyfriend has tried everything ! -RRB- . If you do n't believe me , check similar beds ' reviews ! All the same !
 yes this is cheap but that 's for a reason . the slats are weak and my husband snapped one while assembling it . and worst of all , it is increadibly squeaky , and is getting worse .
 nowhere in the description does it say that these sheets are dobby striped . i was looking for solid white sheets . another disappointment !
 Have had this item about a week and already the screen is broken -LRB- the numbers have faded out -RRB- . The directions are worded a bit strangely , so make sure to read all of them before using the scale.The information only stays on the scale for about 2 minutes , which seems a bit strange.Also , weight is measured in kg , lb , and stones . However , the switch does not seem to be set correctly as I have to set it to stone to show pounds.The overall quality of this product is not good . Would not recommend .
 AVOID THIS COMPANY !! My unit arrived broken . Haier customer service was rude & obnoxious . They were completely unapologetic & seemed to go out of their way to be UNHELPFUL . When I finally bullied them into action , they wanted a full week to send out a service man who may or may not have been able to fix it . I spoke to both customer service and corporate , both were extremely rude and entirely useless . What 's more , neither one had the decency to so much as apologize . NEVER AGAIN.This was every internet buyer 's nightmare !
 I ca n't rate this item because I am still waiting for it . I ordered it in Nov. and still have not received it and my daughter really wanted one for Christmas . I have contacted the company and get no response both times . I have even filed a claim and still nothing !
 If any of you are familiar with horses and horse barns you 'll know what the rosewood on this knife smells like . It smells like the saddle you took off a horse you 've been riding hard all day to the point the horse is covered in flop sweat . In other words it smells AWFUL !!!! I got this as a present or it would go back where it came from . I wo n't use it to cook . It flavors every bit of food it touches . If you 're using the rosewood handle version of this knife you might not smell it because some people ca n't smell anything . But do n't count on none of your guests smelling it because it is STRONG ! When I use this knife the smell gets on my hands for hours . Then if I touch any food the smell gets on the food . I wo n't use it at all . I 'm thinking real hard about tossing this thing in the trash . If I thought my kids would n't notice -LRB- they bought it for me as a Christmas present -RRB- I 'd toss it right now . It 's that bad.It 's a shame really . It is a very sharp knife . I have no idea how long the edge lasts because I wo n't use it . I 'm sitting in the dining room now and I can smell that knife from the kitchen . It 's that bad . I 'll admit that I smell things most people do n't . But some people can smell things . Trust me if they can smell they will hate that knife and every bit of food it prepares . It really is HORRIBLE !
 I bought this cleaner AND found that it does not have rotating brush , without rotating brush how is SteamVac supposed to clean the Carpet so I was quite disappointed with the product.wrote them several emails and never received a repose - the purchase was use-less so it was a total waste of money . On their website they talk about big about service but when needed there was nonethey are only interested in selling and NO service after thatWill never buy a product from Allergybegone - this seller is not recommended
 The first time I used it we pushed down on the button to release the handle and something broke off , so the handle wo n't lock upright . For the price , that does n't bother me so much . It is just dribbling water on the carpet in a line about 2 inches wide , not spraying . I contacted them and they sent a label , said they would send another . I hope it works . I 'll update this when I receive it .
 The cleaner is horrible . All it does is get my floor wet . There is no power to pick up the dirk and the lip it comes in at is too small . i would spend the money to get a better one
 I bought this mug online from Autobarn and found the interior is made of plastics and does not smell good when heated . I asked the customer service why it has the name `` stainless steel '' ? The person said that it is my own mistake to assume that the mug is stainless steel inside . So I have to pay the return shipping . Next time I will be very carefull when I buy things online .
 Yes , Wagan admits the inside of their mdl 2227 12v coffee mug is plastic even though their advertising states Stainless Steel . It is only SS on the outside . Too bad , because I was going to buy one of these .
 i bought one of these fans last year on sale and thought it was okay , my son bought us another one and it smelled like it was burning up each time we turned it on , it finally stopped smelling , runs alright . but not worth the full price .
 If you live in select areas of New York City , then thanks to the ambient noise , you might consider this fan quiet on its lowest setting . If you live on Park Avenue , in Midtown , for example , the lowest setting will be pretty quiet . If you live in a suburban neighborhood in Brooklyn , it will be pretty loud.East Harlem ? Quiet . East Village , not facing 3rd Avenue ? Noisy.Financial District at 8am ? Quiet . Financial District at 8pm ? Urusai!Frankly , most any fan moves air . I bought this one because of the advertised `` whisper quiet operation '' feature . I would n't say this is necessarily a _ false _ claim , but that 's one damn loud whisper . *** EDIT 2010.06 *** Some people seem to think this review is n't helpful . Allow me to spell it out . This fan is extremely expensive , as far as fans go , with the * advertised * benefit of being quiet . On the low setting , it is not quiet , despite a significant amount of ambient noise in my apartment . On the high setting , it 's extremely noisy . I 've bought fans that were _ not _ louder than this , did not advertise quiet operation , and moved just as much air for less than half the price -LRB- which is still not cheap for a fan -RRB- . I keep the fan about ten feet away . Whether or not it faces me makes no noise level difference . Honestly , if you think this thing is quiet , you should get your hearing checked ; it may have been damaged in the war.I expect that the reviewers who praise this fan despite the price have owned only extremely low-quality or industrial fans in the past . Objectively , the build quality is decent , and it 's reasonably powerful -LRB- though still not as powerful as i was expecting from its advertisement -RRB- . However , i must rate items based on advertised features , and this device simply does not live up to them . There is absolutely no reason to spend this much on what essentially amounts to a name .
 The fan is not whisper quiet . i.e. if your watching TV and you turn on the fan you will have to increase the volume several notches . You will eventually go deaf with the high volume of the TV and the loudness of the fan in its lowest setting Look elsewhere for a whisper - quiet fan . I will be returning this one . If you anyone has any suggestions for a whisper silent fan please let me know . thx
 On the lowest fan setting , the noise level is about 50dBA . They call that quiet ????? To me anything above 40dBA is too loud for a fan .
 I expected more from this product.It does move a fair amount of air , but it 's far too loud at all settings . At the lowest setting , calling it ` whisper quiet ' is a joke.It is solidly built for a plastic fan , but it hardly merits the price . It only has a handful of settings/adjustments . Vornado must be making a TON of money on each fan .
 overrated fan . just go to lowes or home depot and save money and get something you can return in person .
 I know tons of people that have all sizes of these Vornado fans who love them and swear by them . You got to admit , they look pretty cool , but more importantly , they were used to power the Starship Enterprise . Do n't you remember when it stopped working in Star Trek II and Spock had to get all radioactive trying to fix it and died?Okay ... that was n't exactly the Vornado in the movie , but Vornado marketing would say that their product could power the Enterprise and cool the universe at the same time.HEAR ME OUTThis is a decent fan , but not worth the price or they hype . It is no quieter than an industrial high velocity fan of lesser price , no more energy efficient than a high velocity industrial fan of lesser price , and definitely does not push more air or cool more than a high velocity industrial fan of lesser price . It just looks cool and cost a lot.COMPARISONVornado verses generic Homebasix 18 '' fan at half the price . http://www.amazon.com/High-Velocity-Floor-Fan-Black/dp/B004VW8PGY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1346909075&sr;=8-1&keywords;=homebasix+18%22+fan1 . Vornado claims it is energy efficient . So is the generic Homebasix fanat just 1.3 amps .2 . The Vornado is extremely powerful and can move air up to 100 feet with84 watts of power . Well , the Homebasix has 155 watts of power and alsomoves air up to 100 feet covering a wider span at half the price .3 . Vornado 's patented grill and technology twist air in a vortex columnacross the room . Hold a balloon above the fan and it will stay insidethe vortex . Well , guess what ... Mr. Cheapy fan does that too .4 . Vornado bounces air off the walls creating a full room circulation.Yep , you guessed it ... so does Mr. Cheapy fan . It 's called physics , just point Mr. Cheapy towards the ceiling on it 's 180 degree swivelstand and marvel at the coolest it creates in the room as it forcescool air up to the ceiling , off the walls , and back down .5 . Vornado cools room 5 degrees . Really ? Wow ... they must have a patenton cooling rooms too ! 6 . Vornado 's deep blades , cone inlet , and spiral grill are key to makingit 's legendary airflow . Hogwash ! At least Mr. Cheapo fan is made upmetal with aluminum blades . Vornado is double the price and made ofplastic using virtually the same physics of any other fan . It takesin air from the back , propels air forward using fan blades pitched topush air forward , and produces a circular rotary flow of air just likeany other fan . If they are claiming that their patented vortexcreates a twist of two columns of air in opposite directions , thanwhat they are n't telling you is that this flow of air -LRB- working againsteach other -RRB- will actually cancel each other out and eventually becomeone single flow of air at half the momentum.Soooooo , in essence , you just paid double the bucks for a cool lookingplastic fan whose patented technology actually works less efficientthan your average $ 50 high velocity shop fan.Save your money and the Starship Enterprise . Spock would agree on thislogical over impulsive decision.Shop long and prosperous !
 I purchased this for a special occaision and am sending it back because it 's just not nice enough.The problem is the little handles on the side . The bucket itself , while thin , is nice and shiny . The little handles look like cheap tin that was spot welded on spoling the whole effect.If they made it without the little rings , I would have kept it .
 I purchased two of these pitchers at the same time . The agitator mechanism in the first one was non-functional upon delivery . The second pitcher ceased stirring after 2 uses . RIPOFF , AVOID .
 This is a good idea , but unfortunately the stirring mechanism is made very poorly . My first one broke after only a few uses . I was sent a replacement by Amazon , and that one broke in a short period of time as well .
 I was just mixing lemonade powder and water and the push down button mixer broke after the first use ! So if you 're going to use it , push very gently ...
 I was so disappointed . This is exactly what I wanted and it broke during first use .
 I used this pitcher to mix powdered iced tea and powdered lemonade . The mixing blades do a good job of dissolving drink mixes but their design has some serious flaws . The button on top of the lid is pushed down thus causing the plastic shaft to spin . The mechanism that transfers your up-down pushing on the button into a spinning motion of the mixing shaft is not sealed nor is it meant to be disassembled for cleaning . This is a perfect spot for mold to grow if you do n't take extreme measures for prevention like periodic boiling -LRB- which I 'm sure would weaken the plastic -RRB- . Another flaw in the design is the spring used in the button lid 's button . Instead of using stainless steel to prevent rust in an area that is extremely hard to clean but very easy for liquid to get into , the manufacturer 's used plain steel with a cheap chrome finish . The spring in my pitcher rusted to the point where the spring just failed and snapped . I do believe the acidic nature of lemonade may have contributed to the failure but is n't making lemonade one of the intended purposes of the product ? Overall I would say just save your money and build up your forearms by mixing with a wooden spoon .
 I managed to mix about 10 pitchers of Kool-Aid before the mixing mechanism broke . I feel like an idiot because I did read the reviews that warned about the fragility of the mixer , but I thought I 'll just be gentle ... did n't work . Buy the 2 Qt . Rubbermaid Servin Saver White Mixing Pitcher . Simple , nothing to break , just a better pitcher . Do n't buy this pitcher , it sucks .
 Poorly built and fragile , received this one as a gift and it broke very soon after we got it.We have the Rubbermaid mixing pitcher that we 've used for years with no problems . It is cheaper and has a much better designed lid.If you want a mixing pitcher , this is not the one you want .
 Bought this pitcher to replace an expensive Pampered Chef version that got warped in the dishwasher . For less than $ 10.00 , it 's an ok buy . The plunger/mixing mechanism broke after about 3 months , but it did get used almost every day . Just is n't durable enough .
 I ordered a branded product , Griptex , made in the USA . We 've used the product for years and still have wrapping from some of it . The ad says , `` Griptex '' but what we got says `` wonderliner '' , made in china . The name Griptex does not appear on the product or it 's packaging . We consider this to be a bait & switch . Bad Amazon ! This is the second time this kind of thing has happened . Some people do n't mind sending their money to a communist country ; we 're not part of that crowd . Truth in advertising is essential in successful business .
 The wood is very dry , even after applying oil treatment it was rough on the hands . Also the magnet that keeps the lid in place is constantly falling out of position .
 Purchased this box from my daughters Amazon Wish List , so I have no one but myself to blame . It is so small that not much salt can be stored . She was happy with receiving this item but would not buy again .
 First the pros : It 's heavy enough with the suction feet to prevent the slicer moving around the counter.Simple to operate.Now the cons : The blade is so close to the metal surround it actually touches it and dulls the blade . I was not able to adjust this even by loosening the center screw and trying to move the blade.To clean the blade means getting a screwdriver of the right size to undo the blade assembly - I would have thought that a metal ` key ' would have made this easier.The inner washers and belt assembly fall out very easily , so be careful not to lose them.The cutting is pretty slow even for home use.The inner gears are plastic - not sure how long this thing would last.The size is really only meant for small cheeses , fruits , and meat , if you wanted to slice a bigger piece of meat , you are out of luck as the sliding holder does not move to the left far enough to do this.Overall , poorly designed and poorly made , am returning for a refund .
 You can not disassemble for proper cleaning.The slide does not come apart from the base.You can only remove the blade .
 The first few nights it was ok , then it started to leak feathers more and more . This ` leakproof ' fabric they claim to use is crap , it leaks more after a few days than my grandmothers old comforter did after years of use . Beware . I am not happy about mine . I am trying to return it . . lets see if they at least honor their 30 day guarantee .
 The fan on this oven rattles loudly when it cooks . Also , the buttons give out an ear-splitting beep when they are pushed . Even though I allowed for the convection fan and lowered the temperature , everything I cooked either burned or came out tough . It took far too long to cook even the easiest of dishes . The oven gets very very hot , but the food inside of it does n't . After 5 days it went back in the box . The best part about this oven was the handy tool it comes with to take out the tray .
 Unfortunately is stopped working a month or so after I bought it at Target . I called the manufacturer and was told to send it to the repair center at my cost and wait 6 -8 weeks until they fix it and return it to me . Very poor customer service too , the technical support rep took a very long time getting my name , address , proceeded to spell my name military style several times ...
 Euro-pro T021 You can not use it at 450 . It goes into E-2 and can not get it to do any thing except set the clock . This happen to me before , but after sitting a day , it finally decided to work again . I made the sad mistake of forgetting that it does not like temps over 350 . So now I will wait till tomorrow and hope it will work again . There is nothing in the manuel for any error codes .
 Bad convection oven . It gives out toxic gas after two months of use . It wo n't turn off unless I unplugged it from the wall electrical outlet . Called the company 's customer service twice . Both times , they hanged up the call while I was describing the problem.RandySan Jose , CA
 Had it only 2 weeks and both the clock and the timer stopped working . Start button works when it wants to , which is n't often . It 's going back tomorrow . Do n't waste your money !
 Yes it looks great . But it is a design disaster . I gets so hot . Absolutely no insulation . Thats what the feet are for , to keep your counter top from blistering.The `` Digital '' component is a joke . It does not ever indicate what the temperature is inside the oven . If you set it to use the timer for instance , it begins the timer without consideration for preheating , so it is essentially useless.It seems to cook ok , but at 79.00 I think most other ovens probably would too . Euro-Pro ... I think it was made in Iowa or someplace like that . The instruction manual was essentially useless and mainly devoted to attempting to limit their liability in case you burn yourself , or burn down your house with it . Stick to a Name Brand is my advice . This one is a joke .
 I have owned a Cuisinart Food Processor for years . It finally quit and was not worthy of repairing . This was a mistake . This product is a piece of junk and the company will not honor their warranty . I purchased from Sam 's and after opening the work bowl was damaged with a small crack . I asked their customer service line to send me a new one . They would only do this if I sent my cracked one back to them and paid for shipping of the replacement work bowl . WHICH ALL TOTAL WAS MORE THAN WHAT I PAID FOR THE FOOD PROCESSOR . Also in big letters on the front package it stated a 5 year warranty and USA ID , yet the extremely small print states made in China . I will never ever buy a Cuisinart product again . The name Cuisinart will never mean a quality product , but junk and advertising that is deceiving . If I could give them less than one star I would . Their customer support is awful .
 Pic 's of bowels make them look like 20 oz . sizes . Bowels are 4 oz . size . No dimensions/capacity listed in description . Bowels are so small that I do n't know what I 'll ever use them for . Return shipping cost + hassle not worth the effort .
 I received this as a gift and have used it on the main level of my house , which consists of hardwood , ceramic tile and two area rugs . It seemed to work decent on the hard surfaces -LRB- nothing I 'd call amazing -RRB- , but the whole reason I wanted a stick vac was to be able to also clean my area rugs without having to switch to a regular vacuum to get the job done . I was NOT able to do that with this stick vac . It would probably do ok on very low-pile rugs , such as indoor/outdoor carpeting , but my area rugs are probably around 1/2 '' high and it basically just pushed the lint wads around on them . I had to stand there and swipe over the rugs for what seemed like forever to get it clean , and will definitely not be using it for that purpose again . So if you are someone who is hoping to glide across all your hard surfaces with area rugs sprinkled in between with only ONE vacuum , look elsewhere , as this one will annoy you to no end . I 've realized that I think what 's important for successful clean-up on carpets is the simple addition of a brush-roll -LRB- like on regular household vacuums -RRB- . This stick vacuum does not have that , it only has a hole that the suction comes from , and one thin bristled comb-like bar that drags along the floor . I 've been reading reviews on the Eureka Quick-up , which has a roller brush that stays off while on hard surfaces , but spins when switched to the `` carpet '' setting . That might be my next try .
 The box had cornes that can cut through clothes . Not a good choice for a man .
 Bought this pan hoping it would live up to its description . It did n't ! The steel is quite thin . No matter what I cook in it , using moderate amounts of oil , the food sticks and clean up is impossible . I have other stainless steel pans which work beautifully - conduct heat well , food does n't stick and clean up is a breeze , -LRB- no they 're not All-Clad and I did n't pay a fortune -RRB- . Although I 've had T-Fal products which are quite good - this is definitely not one of them . Do not buy this pot !
 I really wanted to like this pan . I spent more on this than I typically would for a kitchen item like it -LRB- yeah , I know , I 'm a cheapskate -RRB- . Also , I was excited about cooking on stainless -LRB- which I still do enjoy -RRB- . I tried to do my share to keep this pan in good shape , I wanted it to be the last pan of it 's type that I 'd ever have to buy . I bought the T-fal stainless cleaner to keep it looking shiny , and prevent pitting , or any type of rust . But the thing is I 'm a terrible cook.Well not so much terrible as horrendous . And not so much cook as food preparer . I cook just fine , once I put food in the pan , but I 've left this pan preheating on the oven more than a few times , before I add oil , and forgotten about it for quite a while . It 's on a gas stove-top on low for maybe 5-10 minutes , and when I remember I turn the gas off and allow it too cool naturally -LRB- I do n't put it in water -RRB- . All the same , my pan 's now concave , presumably from the high heat.If you 're reading this review and know that you 'll never make the mistake I did then this is probably a 4 star product for you , for the price . -LRB- Also , it turns a dull blue/grey in our municipal water , not a big deal to me ... I bought the cleaner above which takes care of it -RRB- . I was on the fence between 2 stars or 3 here . The warping of this pan is entirely my own fault , not T-fal 's or anybody else 's . I 'm sure it has everything to do with the aluminum core being a lot more malleable that the steel exterior . There is a warning on the label mentioning something along the lines of not letting the pan get too hot . But all said and done , I really do n't think 10 minutes on low should cause irreversible damage . Lesson learned , I now get to cook out of a warped pan , and truth be told , there 's no need for me to run out and buy a hundred dollar pan just yet either until I change my over-heatin ' ways . But , I did expect more .
 What a ripoff ! I bought this thing at Target and I can assure you that it is a piece of crap ! The first thing I tried to cook in it was potatoes o'brien . Very simple , it 's fried potatoes with onions and green peppers . The potatoes stuck instantly . I do n't put the onions or peppers in towards the end , and they stuck right away too . This pan is like a magnet , everything sticks to it . However , unlike a magnet , you will not be able to pry the things apart ! In other words , this thing is impossible to clean . I read the other reviews from people saying you need to adjust your cooking style to the pan . Excuse me , but that is ridiculous . My cooking style is just fine and I have been making delicious fried potatoes for a long time now , and this is the only pan that has given me problems . I would take a cast iron skillet over this any day .
 I got this item this past week and have used it 3 times . It looks beautiful right out of the packaging but the looks do n't hold up . The lustre turned lack lustre after the first washing . After the 3rd washing the inside of the pan looks like I 've had it at least a year , there are lines and discoloration . I followed manufacturers recommedations and cooked over a low heat and seasoned before the first use . It does heat quickly in that respect I would give it 5 stars . It 's listed as 10.25 inches but is actually 10.5 inches .
 The Alen A375 UV Air Purifier is the same as the Alen 350 except adds UV light for germs and Bacteria.I own the following : An Alen A350 = $ 349 -LRB- 3 stages , 400-800 sq. ft -RRB- Alen A350 Air PurifierAlen A375 = $ 599 -LRB- 4 stages , 400-800 sq.ft -RRB- Alen A375 UV Ultra HEPA Air PurifierAlive Air Purifier = $ 319 -LRB- 9 stages , 865 sq. ft. -RRB- Alive Air PurifierPro 's 1 -RRB- Has 4 technologies - HEPA , Carbon , Prefilter , UV2 -RRB- Runs quiet on lowCon 's :1 -RRB- You have to buy 2 HEPA filters on auto-ship to maintain the `` lifetime warranty '' -LRB- which will cost $ 128 a year - even if you do n't need it -RRB- . So the lifetime warranty makes them money .2 -RRB- The replacement filters are rather expensive .3 -RRB- It seems like a lot of money to go from $ 349 to $ 599 just by adding a few UV bulbs.It does what it says , and I 'm glad Alen upgraded the 350 to add UV , however the cost is over the top for this small air purifier .
 We bought this filter for our new apartment after several weeks of feeling terrible -LRB- congestion , puffy watery eyes , feeling tired , coughing , etc. -RRB- because we knew there was some sort of non-hazardous mold and dust combo at the root of it . This puppy looked like it 'd do the trick , and for 6 days , we felt awesome . It worked very well ! But on day seven the rotator inside this thing literally fell off the axle and ceased to work any longer . We were unable to fix it ourselves , and we found that once we opened up the packaging , we owned it . No returns were permitted , but we were allowed to pay for S+H back to the manufacturer for them to fix it . -LSB- ... -RSB- The problem I have with this item is that the price is six times our cheap filters ' , and Alen 's ghetto manufacturer hotline and inability to provide us with a new , working filter , indicates it should n't be worth this much.UPDATE
 Not what I 've expected for almost $ 500 . I got it three days ago . It produces ozone smell . On auto mode it can wake you up in the middle of the night because it suddently decides to go full speed . It 's not programmable , so you can not set it up to be turned on two hours before bed time for example like my other ones . Instructions are incomplete and difficult to match with the buttons on the purifier . If the smell does n't go away , the purifier goes back . I have two other different brand purifiers , I have to admit that they are nosier , but do n't smell .
 First unit the fan was ridiculously loud -LRB- obviously a problem -RRB- . The motor spindle was loose or something and could n't be fixed apparently . They sent a whole new unit . The 2nd brand new unit burnt out after 2 weeks . Electronics smelling -LRB- even when the unit is turned off , there is a humming noise and electronics burning smell -RRB- . This item is junk . Obviously a defective line of products .
 I researched this product online and decided to take a chance -LRB- $ 500 ?! -RRB- ... figured I had 30 days to decide . I waited a bit impatiently for it to arrive but when it did I immediately ripped open the package , plugged it in and ... NOTHING . The thing would n't even power on . I 'm sure it 's just a fluke but for the money I decided not try this company again .
 This is NOT a 9-inch square pan . The inner dimensions -LRB- i.e. , the volume available to hold batter -RRB- are 8-inches square at the top and 7.5-inches square at the bottom -LRB- the walls taper in slightly -RRB- . It is only 9-inches square if you include the handles , which is not the way baking pans are normally measured.Since I had ordered it for recipes that need the volume of a 9-inch pan , this will not work . However , I give it 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 star -RRB- since it is a decent silicone pan for 8-inch square recipes .
 You definitely need to adjust the temperature and/or cooking times with silicone baking dishes . I found that out the hard way . Also they are flimsy . When lifting something out of the oven , you almost need two people . The bottom sags down a bit .
 I bought three silicone pans and they burned baked goods , did not cook them in the middle and burned on edges and tops.Besides wasting money on the purchase , I wasted money on the items used in baking.They all are in the garbage !
 This product is designed terribly and does not function well at all . I had another salsa maker -LRB- bought it at state fair -RRB- that worked great . After 12 years , the blades were getting dull so I looked to this product as a replacement.This product 's `` arm '' is detachable from the lid , requiring the arm to turn a plastic shaft which connects to the lid . The problem is that if you fill this up with tomatoes , even quartered , the gears strip where the arm meets the shaft . The only thing that works is the ice chopper , which ca n't slice vegies at all . I actually ordered two of these at the same time as a gift and it has the same defect.Don ' t buy this product , look for a chopper that has the arm connected to the lid to avoid the gear stripping . I 've looked around and all I can find is this piece of junk from La Cuisine .
 It is too small . It will barely accommodate a Chardonnay bottle , with no room for a cooling pack . It is too short for a Riesling bottle . Otherwise looks good .
 I lost my Pampered Chef vegetable peeler in a break-up/separation . I think I was sadder to lose the peeler than the boyfriend , to be honest.Anyhoo , I replaced it with what I thought would be the best-ever vegetable peeler
 I bought this product due to the good reviews on this site . What a mistake ! It 's the same quality as the peeler my husband bought from Family Dollar for 1 dollar ... What an incredible waste of money ! I still ca n't believe I payed almost 8 dollars for this piece of junk . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 It is very uncomfortable.Too thick to hold , too gentle too peel.More like a toy that an appliance .
 for years i 've been suffering the rave reviews of this peeler . i do n't know who knew who in the design world to get this thing on the front page of every design magazine , but certainly , the supposed innovation here is completely bogus . my old cheap 59 cent peeler worked just as well , if not better.this thing is a flop on all the fronts it gets praised for .1 . -RRB- ` ergonomics ' - putting rubber on a handle does not make it instantly become ergonomic , nor does making everything fat-handled . this peeler is quite awkward both because of the size of it 's handle and the cheaply made rubberizing -- which falls off after a hundred washes because it 's just glued on the central plastic rod . SmartDesign got the idea for the handle -- which is their only ` innovation ' i can grant , just not a / good / innovation -- from the handlebars on motorcycles . i do n't know about you , but my old peeler never flew out of my hand , nor did i fly off of it . my only complaint about it was that it was made cheaply and that it was a two dimensional form in the handle that was sharp on the sides . it 's great to think about ergonomics , but to just make something a soft-grip is NOT thinking at all . Consider the Zyliss line , or a thousand other truly innovative products , where they take into account the angle you 're using it at and the directoins of the pressure your hand is applying , so forth .2 . -RRB- function -- this is one of my most major gripes , the lack of a good de-eyer , or whatever you call the thing on the tip . it 's made of plastic rather hten metal , and is extremely blunt . taking the eyes out of potatoes with this thing is simply dangerous compared to the old peelers , or Zyliss ' new peeler . ont op of that , if this thin ever gets really dirty it 's quite hte pain to clean , especially in the little grooved rubber portions.so they took this product , a timeless product that had been working pretty well , so long as you got a quality built one with a good turned wood handle , and they made it out of cheap materials that fall apart , with less functions than the original , with a grip that 's great for riding a motorcycle , but far too heavy handed for peeling a potato , and on top of all of that , they made it ugly and unarticulated , with a color that makes it difficult to tell if it 's clean.the whole oxo line of products -LSB- designed by NYC 's `` Smart Design '' -RSB- follows the same line of thinking -- take something that 's been made well for many years , and make a cheaper , poorly constructed version with a bigger grip and black , 1980s rubbery detailing . but hey , when you can buy them for $ 6 every 2 years , why not ? this is all the worse with most their other products , like their spatula which will get give in teh handle -LSB- because of the multi-piece joint once again -RSB- after 6 months of heavy use , when a solid stainless that 's been around for 20 years will still work fine . these are mass market fads that consumers fall prey to . ` design ' wins over solid , timeless stuff that will outlast it and outperform it . so if you 're really in the mood to buy some fancy wiz-bang revamp of classic kitchen hand tools , at least check out a better line -LSB- like Zyliss -LSB- designed by IDEO -RSB- , or Caphalon -RSB- .
 First of all , let me say that this peeler is comfortable to grip , and is very sharp ! It has no trouble peeling potatoes . However , due to the wide gap between the blade and the handle , combined with the extreme sharpness of the blade , it 's very easy to slip and injure oneself . Every other potato peeler I have ever owned was only capable of peeling fruit or vegetables . You would not be able to damage human skin even with effort . However , there is no safety built into this peeler . Today I slipped and took off part of a fingernail , including some skin ! I was not using much pressure , as it does n't take much pressure to remove the potato peel using this peeler ! With a sharp knife , using less pressure generally means that there is * less * danger of cutting oneself , but I have to be very , very careful with this peeler . Will be looking for another one that is designed with safety in mind .
 I 've read some of the other reviews , but I 'm not impressed with this product . While I like the Oxo line in general , this peeler is maddening . The grip is fine , but the blade is just a little too short for peeling large potatoes or other vegetables . To make things worse , the plastic piece at the end -LRB- designed to better stabilize the peeler , I suppose -RRB- gets caught up on the vegetable you 're trying to peel . So , you can either peel really slow , or gouge your veggies to death.In short , I can peel faster with a paring knife than I can with this tool . Keep looking , this one 's not worth the hassle .
 I have used this peeler only a few times and it is already quite dull . It is now practically impossible to peel an apple with it , although on straight peels , like carrots , it still works like any other mediocre peeler . Also , the `` swivel '' never really worked well . It was always difficult to peel a curved surface like an apple with this thing .
 As with all OXO Good Grips products , the handle on this peeler is great . The blade , however , is less than 2 inches long , making it very difficult to peel rounded items like potatoes , though it does work well on long thin produce such as carrots or cucumbers . Another problem is that the tip of the peeler is rounded and has a rubber coating , rather than the pointed corer found on most peelers . In short , this peeler is a nonstarter if you are looking to peel potatoes .
 Pros : - it peels well - the handle is sturdy , convenient , and protective -LRB- i.e. I never cut myself -RRB- - it is machine-washableCons : - no pitter ! -LRB- i.e. no device to scoop out little ugly divets in potatoes , for example ... this is a major `` con , '' as other peelers have this feature ... Some may argue that this peeler DOES have a `` pitter '' at the tip , but honestly that plastic scoop-shape tip does n't do much -RRB- - price -LRB- it should be cheaper given the lack of a pitter -RRB- Recommendation : - buy a different peeler ; one with the same type of handle , but an additional `` pitter '' -LRB- a good one -RRB- at the tip
 I am so disappointed in these . The handle is awesome , and I was excited to have a comfy grip when I peel carrots , potatoes , squash , etc.Total failure . Just plain does n't work . I first tried a butternut squash and thought maybe it was just a super tough skin . Nope , my 99 cent peeler worked great . The blade extension for gauging potato blemishes gets in the way on large flat sections of the squash as well.So I tried fresh carrots with the OXO . Nada , the blade dug in at an awkward angle.I 've talked to a couple chefs and a culinary school teacher , and they all agreed - `` Stay away . '' They just do n't use them.I recently talked to my bartender too , and he said in 15 years he has never seen one in a professional kitchen.Now the OXO sits , rusting , in my junk draw with spare potato masher and bad chopstick collection . `` Form follows function '' . OXO designed a great handle , but forgot the the function of the tool .
 Aaargh ! Whoever it was that came up with the bright idea to graft a swiveling cutting blade onto a veggie peeler musta been some kinda sadist ! Or he might 've been the same guy who invented the pivoting-head shaver , and thought he could apply it to other household gadgets with a similar degree of success . In any case , I 've no clue why this so-called `` innovation '' is considered a convenience . The moving cutter tends to slip quite a bit , causing uneven peeling and skipping on whatever I 'm skinnin ' for dinner -LRB- usually a spud or a cuke -RRB- . It takes me twice as long to peel something with this implement that would 've been done a lot faster and with much better results had I simply used a fixed-blade implement . Which is what I 'm gon na stick with , by the way . You got ta go with what works , after all ... ` Late
 The blade is good but the huge handle makes it hard to use . Someone with small hands would find this very unweildy . I bought this to replace an old peeler of similar design but with just a simple metal handle . I shall be going back to using that .
 I was very disappointed because it takes off too much peel and it is clumbersome to use . I will continue to use my 20 year old peeler until I find a good replaacement .
 Do n't recommend this peeler or any of the Oxo Good Grips products as they get sticky on the handles from being washed in the dishwasher . So , unless you want to wash your 's by hand , I suggest buying another brand .
 This peeler , and quite frankly , a lot of other peelers I find in the market now , cuts too deeply . I suppose they wanted to make it easier to use , but they are not doing me any favor ! It wastes a lot of food . If I start with a small potato , you can see a significant reduction in size once it is peeled , especially compared to my old peeler . And I am not the only one who has noticed it . Read some of the other reviews and you will note that they mention the differences in the angle of the cutting surfaces . I swear , if I find a decent peeler , similar to the older style , I am going to buy 10 of them and forget these idiots .
 I bought a new OXO peeler before Thanksgiving , and the blade is so poorly designed that it wo n't even peel a thin-skinned red potato . There simply is n't enough `` bite '' to the blades to dig under the skin , and the gap between the blades is so narrow that whatever does peel off , sticks between them . Plus , the `` comfort blade '' is too fat , making it hard to control the knife . My 99 % peeler from the House of Variety is 10X as good -- and easier to sharpen with a diamond hone .
 After my 8 + year old OXO Peeler started getting a little dull I thought it would be just a matter of ordering another OXO Good Grip Peeler and it would be the same . I thought wrong , after 3 New OXO Peelers in the last 3 weeks including the Pro-Line these new OXO peelers will barely peel Warm butter much less a Broccoli stalk or stem . I can see 1 being dull but not 3 , there is a serious breakdown in the Quality Control Division at OXO . All the places that have sold or given me replacement peelers have had great customer service it 's just the sorry product that 's the problem . OXO had my ` Brand Loyalty ' , now it has completely lost it . I took a magnifying glass and compared my old OXO to ALL 3 new OXO Peelers and the angle that the blade is cut is the difference . The old OXO is cut at an angle where as all three new OXO Peelers the blade is cut straight across whereby there is no way it can dig into the skin of a broccoli stem or even a carrot . I tried one last peeler via Amazon made by J. A. Henckels called the Henckels Twin Cuisine Swivel Peeler and it will get 5 stars , it is wonderful , just like my old OXO was when it was new . Spend the extra money and get a great quality peeler and a hell of a lot less headaches , it was a real nightmare !!!!!!!!! Mike
 I recently bought my second Oxo Good Grips-I bought the first one in 1990 or so ... I lost the first peeler -LRB- still working perfectly -RRB- just recently so I bought a new one to replace it and now I 'm sorry to report that this new one is certainly inferior to my first Oxo Good Grips swivel peeler . Maybe the company was sold-something has caused the quality to drop so I have my mind set on a different brand that I 'll be getting soon . I wish I were giving Oxo GG a splendid review ! I have other Oxo products and though most I got awhile ago , they work well .
 I 've had my Peeler for over a year . Almost as if a switch had been thrown , it has become almost completely rust-covered over the past few weeks , after no rust whatsoever since its purchase . Even the handle , which is difficult to clean , is now embedded with rust . I 'd would follow the Amazon buying guide and just get a cheap peeler that you 'd can ` refresh ' from time to time .
 I just purchased this one , and after 1st use , cut my finger . `` Why ? '' might you ask , because the area is too small that you peel with . It is inset between the parts that hold the blade . This MIGHT be good for carrots , but if you have a large potato or one with a flat side , it is very ineffective .
 Disappointing for an Oxo product . Seriously defective with teeth missing as illustrated above . My wife who has a wrist problem really struggled to use this . Just bought a Henckel corer and expect much better results .
 i have not recieved this two weeks later ... it was shipped to my city but has not left the fed ex place yet for a week .
 My nickname for this is the `` browninator '' , it works great for what it is suppose to do , but it causes apples to turn brown almost instantly . They should have made the device out of hard plastic like the lettuce knives . It 's too bad , it is very effective and apparently will hold up for a long time .
 My wife and I were given this set of knives in a gift -LRB- Christmas 2000 -RRB- after my wife complained about the cheap set we were using . We have a lot of other OXO products in our kitchen and have always been very pleased with them -LRB- the manual can-opener is just excellent -RRB- . These knives however , only hold an edge slightly longer than a really cheap set and have already started falling apart . The blade of the 31/2 inch paring knife simply fell out of the handle . I was surprised to see that the metal of the blade only extends about 3/4 of an inch into the handle . I suppose this will happen to the other knives in time if they are all built this way . There are also rust spots on the blades despite the fact that we wash , thoroughly dry and return the knives to the block after each use . We do live in a very humid climate but I still think that the rust marks should not be there . I will say that the serrated knife has been very useful , perhaps because it does n't need sharpening , but over all this set has been disappointing . If you are a serious cook and want good knives , I think you need to spend a bit more than this . If you ca n't afford the really good knives , I have to say I do n't think this set is such a great compromise.P.S . Since I wrote this review on the 27th of September , the 51/2 inch serrated knife that I mentioned as being useful has suffered the same fate as the 31/2 inch paring knife . My wife was using it -LRB- I swear -RRB- to cut through a block of butter . The blade slipped right out of the handle . Looking at the way the handle and blade are joined , I thinks it 's a serious design flaw . I ca n't see how the company ever expected them to stay in one piece ! The end of the blade -LRB- smooth metal -RRB- is simply squeezed between two pieces of smooth metal at the top of the handle . A single rivet might have made a lot of difference . I 've reduced my rating to one star . Sorry OXO , try again .
 We have only the paring knife from this set , and havebeen very disappointed with it . Our experience was almostidentical to that of Roy Sweeting , who has also reviewedit here . The knife lost its edge quickly , and worse yet , fell apart a few months after we bought it . The bladeseparated from the handle while cutting an apple .
 I bought this knife about a year ago , and I loved it . It 's very sharp and it has a good grip . While I was cutting some cooked pork with it last week and thinking how good this knife was , the blade broke out from the handle and tipped over to my hand -LRB- luckily it was the dull side ! -RRB- . I still think that the blade is very good , but I just do n't understand why ca n't they make the construction better . There 's a good review on the OXO MV-55 Pro 3-1/2 - Inch Paring Knife that talks about the poor construction of the OXO knives . It is not a very expensive knife , so I guess you get what you pay for .
 It is definitely not one of the best OXO products . The one we had in our apartment came apart
 1 -RRB- The points hardly make a dent ... unless you slip while scooping in which case they puncture holes through the ice cream box quite nicely .2 -RRB- After a period of use and runs through the dishwasher , the chrome comes off.Bottom line - we 've abandoned this scoop in favor of a spoon .
 This is the worst ice cream scoop ever . The part of the scoop that attaches to the handle is only about 1/4 inch in diameter . It 's a total scam ; they made it look thicker , by making the part that holds the scoop 4 times as wide . You ca n't tell by looking at it , because they have cleverly disguised it with the plastic handle . I found out when the handle broke off in my hand , while trying to scoop some hard ice cream . Oxo , you should be ashamed of yourselves for making this piece of junk , which was clearly designed to deceive the consumer . I 'll likely never buy an Oxo product again .
 I 've had this item several years and the scooper is coroding from being washed in the dishwasher . I 'm going to get a stainless steel one next .
 The grip is indeed good , and the scoop works well , even with hard ice cream . This product has an annoying flaw , however . When you wash it , water gets trapped in some tiny nooks and crannies . Then , when you are scooping ice cream , especially ice cream that 's straight out of the freezer , the pressure from scooping opens up these nooks and crannies -LRB- e.g. , around where the scoop shaft joins the handle -RRB- and water starts dribbling out and down into the ice cream container.If you only use this scoop occasionally , I imagine the water trapped inside would have evaporated . Since we tend to use our scoop every week or so , this water dribble happens frequently . I 'd recommend taking a pass on this scoop .
 then the metal on the scoop started to peel off and left metal shavings in my ice cream !
 My son works at a ice cream shop , and when I recieved this ice cream scoop , he was glad that I got one that resembled the one that he uses at work . Until he actually used it . It looks metal , but feels like it 's plastic . When I used it for the first time , I was scooping out very hard ice cream , and it felt like it was going to break . I had to turn it in circles to get anything . I think I will be going back to my old heavy metal one . At least I know it wo n't break in my hand .
 I purchased the Oxo Good Grips Points Ice Cream Scoop three days ago and returned it the next day . Luckily , Oxo Good Grips offers a satisfaction guarantee ! I found this ice cream scoop to be the worst I have ever used . It definitely can remove ice cream from the container , but it is very difficult to `` round it '' to create an ice cream cone . If you do not make ice cream cones , it will work fine .
 Pros :1 . easy to find -LRB- almost every store carrys it -RRB- 2 . nice grip3 . may be good for gardeningCons :1 . very light ; hardly strong enough to fight with well-frozen ice cream2 . the surface wears off -LRB- I never put it in the dishwasher or use harsh detergent , rough cleaning pads -RRB- 3 . I 'm not sure how to recycle this ; is it plastic or metal ?
 I have n't been eating THAT much ice cream ! The handle fell off as I was scooping ice cream for impatient children . I kept scooping with just the scoop part and cut my hand on the jagged broken part . While my cut has nothing really to do with the poor quality of the scoop , it not being designed for use once broken , it did add to the annoyance factor .
 I could not use this scopp . The squishy parts of the grip seemed to be on the wrong sides of the handle . I could not get the right leverage with the pointed part of the scoop . It made it painful to get out the ice cream . I love Oxo tools however so tried the round ice cream scoop with the bail to pop out the ice cream . It works great .
 How many things can actually go wrong with an Ice Cream Scoop?As others have said , the coating on our scoop is pitting ... I just find this unacceptable . Not sure about you , but I do n't want to be eating little pieces of chrome with my ice cream.Oh , we also do n't use a dishwasher , so this is from hand washing .
 Husband/son loved this scoop.Claims to be dishwasher safe , though always took a long time to dry due to grooves in the handle.Then we realised that water was leaking inside the handle when it was in the dishwasher , and the liquid coming back out when draining had `` interesting '' food particles.Now I 'm looking for a one-piece metal scoop , even if it does have to be hand washed .
 We had the OXO Good Grips Points Ice Cream Scoop and thought it was pretty good . Actually , it was pretty good when we were buying Edy 's or Breyer 's ice cream . Then I started buying Trader Joe 's premium ice cream , which is SO AMAZINGLY GOOD ... It 's better than Haagen Daaz or Ben & Jerry 's , and cheaper , too . Back to the ice cream scoop , though
 This ice cream scooper is horrible ! It will not pierce hard frozen ice cream and when you finally get through the ice cream sticks to it and you have to `` dig '' the ice cream off . I am not a big fan of OXO because the last few items I have purchased have been over priced junk . Spend the money , get an Zeroll .
 I 've been using this peeler for about 2.5 months . At the beginning it was the greatest peeler I 've ever owned . I mean I could peel through veggie skins like butter but within a couple of months the peeler stopped becoming so sharp . Now I have a hard time peeling through ginger skins . This peeler was mostly use for potatoes and sometimes gingers . I did n't peel anything hard with it but it still lost it 's sharpness .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! IS NOT STURDY , CHEAP PEELER , NOT WORTH THE PRICE
 This scoop works well with very hard ice cream , but not with soft ice creams -- the ice cream just sticks to it . Very disappointed .
 At first glance , the lever scoop concept seems like a good idea.In practice , however , this scoop is just a pain in the butt . Whatever you 're scooping ends up under the lever , which goes back down after you 've ejected the food from the scoop . So , when you take it out of the dishwasher , the food under the lever has turned into a pretty disgusting blob.Granted , you could painstakingly handwash the scoop every time you use it , but I 'd rather spend money on something else that you can just throw in the dishwasher or , for those of us without a dishwasher , be able to wash without checking all the cracks and crevices to make sure there is n't any gross food stuck inside of it.In my opinion , OXO should have designed the lever so that it does n't go all the way back inside the recessed back of the scoop and instead rested just above the back of the scoop so it is n't such a hassle to clean.By the way
 This scooper worked okay for about a month - then the pin that holds the scoop release button broke off . Not worth it - try something else .
 Perhaps I 've come to expect too much , even from a company such as Oxo , but I found this ice cream scoop quite disappointing . Its bowl size is much smaller than I had thought and hoped it would be . It 's too small to make a really good cone . Also , the upper portion of the handle flexes when digging into hard ice cream . The tang of the scoop only goes as far as the bottom of the hole at the top of the handle . As the top of the handle is `` empty '' , it flexes or bends . You have to hold the scooper way down , past the grip to avoid the flex . This is the same complaint seen on another Oxo scooper . My search for the `` perfect '' ice cream scoop continues . I would not recommend this item .
 We bought this ice cream scoop to use in a small cafe and it was useless ! After one very frustrating day of trying to serve up ice cream cones using this scoop , we had to run out and buy a couple of regular scoops at the supermarket - these worked much better and we threw this one out . The ice cream got stuck in the scoop and would n't come out !
 I think this is THE worst kitchen helper I have ever purchased . It will slip off unexpectedly while you are trying unsuccessfully to unscrew a jar lid . I have come close to injuring myself a number of times , so will not use it any longer . I would give it a minus 5 , actually , but that was n't an option.I do not recommend this to anyone . It is easier to whack the lid with a butter knife and then smack it on the underside of the jar a few times ... works for me , and hey , it 's free !!!!!!
 Anyone needing assistance to open jars . need not waste their money on the oxo . The jars do not stay secure and slip , from the simplest relish jar to a large mayonaisse jar . In short , it is worse than useless - unless you need a pooper-scooper when you walk your dog . It does do that fairly well .
 From the moment I got this jar opener , it was a waste . It has no traction at all and leaves marks on jar lids . I bought it to replace an old , basic jar opener that I misplaced , but I might as well have flushed the money down the drain .
 I bought this to help me open jars as I have tendonitis and have difficulty . While I was unsuccessfully trying to open a pickle jar , it slipped out of my hands , fell on the floor and broke.Give me the old fashioned kind any day .
 Bought this six years ago to use instead of the under-cabinet one that was already installed in my kitchen . The under-cabinet one was better at unscrewing a lid , but occasionally the jar would slip out of the vice and my hand would get pinched . Well , this OXO opener proved to be a disaster in every way . Like other reviewers noted , it does n't secure well enough to the lid , slips off the lid , and hurts your hand when it gets slammed into the jar . I 'm surprised no one has sued the company for manufacturing this awkward , uncomfortable , dangerous product .
 Apparently OXO changed the design of their jar opener . I already had the jar opener that was pictured and I wanted a 2nd one for on the go because they work so well . When I received my item , I ended up getting the one pictured here : Good Grips Jar Opener . Like the previous bad reviews , this model has sharper teeth which tend to cut into the jar tops . It 's not built as well as the old model and my guess will fall apart before my old one does , which I 've had for around 10 years . So much for new product design -LRB- AKA cost cutting -RRB- .
 Very poor , stupid design . It does not generate enough pressure . It slips , damaging the jar top as it rotates against it . Then , it slips off the lid entirely , hurting your hand , since you have to press down very hard to get any traction at all . I still use it sometimes , but either the rubber pad or hot water method really work at least as well . I look forward to tossing it as soon as I find a decent gadget .
 The serrated grip slides on almost every jar that I 've tried opening with this instrument . For me , it is nearly useless and a waste of money .
 This is the second one I 've had . The previous one worked great . The metal serated edge was staked on with plastic , and upon opening a small jar , it torqued it out . So , I bought another , and was glad to see they used metal rivets this time . However , they changed the serated edge , and now all it does is saw through the tops . I hope they redesign it again .
 I 've gone through two of these and wo n't purchase another . The first one broke after using it a three or four times , but since I like Oxo products in general , I assumed it just a fluke . The second one I simply threw away . As other reviewers have pointed out , it uses tiny , metal teeth to grip the lid , which slip and could conceivably cause injury . It was worthless , so I 'm back to the old technique of using hot water on the lid and banging the sides with a spoon . Works better than Oxo , that 's for sure .
 Do n't use this product to open jars with metal lids , such as baby food jars . The metal teeth leave jagged edges on the lids , which makes it really easy to cut yourself if you ever try to open the jar with your hands .
 This Jar Opener was given to me as a wedding gift with several other OXO tools . I love the other items but this thing is n't even good for a door stop . It does n't open any of the jars I 've tried it on , just does a good job of scratching the lids up .
 I love OXO products for the most part but this product just is not well designed . It does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use . My husband and I have arthritis and I was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble . The opening is way too big to accomplish that so , back it went to the supermarket . I had hopes this OXO product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it does n't , I am rating this only one star .
 I own at least a dozen Oxo products and I love every one - except this one . It does n't make opening jars easier at all . It slips on the lids and only opens jars that I could easily open by hand . After the first week I gave up in disgust and this utensil has n't been out of the drawer since . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Bought two of these , one for my mother and one to keep . What a total waste of money . Even my husband could not use this device easily . We finally just trashed them both as no use allowing junk to take room in our kitchens .
 I have always wanted one of these and finally wasted my money and bought one . More pressure is needed to hold this device on the lid of a jar than it would take just to open the jar in the first place . If you are buying this because of small hands or weak grip , do n't bother . My husband can make it work , but by the time he is in the kitchen he can just open the jar for me . The teeth to hold the lid are shallow and slip off the jar if you do n't apply enough downward pressure . I have never been so disappointed in a kitchen gadget !
 I 've bought several of these products after hand surgery . The handles on all of them are great , but this can opener lacks in its ability to grip well , and so I often go back to the old fashioned method .
 I bought it for my wife for Christmas . It was a waste of money . It is difficult to use . If you do get it to work , the metal teeth dig into the metal lid and leave marks that can dig into your hand the next time you try to open the jar by hand . Do n't waste your money .
 This item lacks the heavy dutiness that it needs to open the toughest of jars . This opener does about the same as I can do with my hand , and that 's about it . It is not long enough to get the leverage required to open some jars . Also this item does not fold away or store away nicely at all . If you have an extra spot in your drawers for it go ahead and buy it , otherwise do n't !
 I have loved every Oxo item which I have purchased . I found this jar opener very difficult to handle . It would not clasp the lid well . I was never successful using it . My husband did not like it either . Trashed it .
 I was a total fan of any OXO product until I came across this useless item . The only thing I can get this gadget to do is scrape the paint off and add grooves to the jar lid . Ugh . Am sending it back to the company directly with a letter of discontent . It really deserves zero stars .
 Unfortunately , this seems to be the only type of jar opener available , other than the largely ineffective plastic grip pads . You will discover that , although it works , it is clumsy in actual use , and worse , it will always gouge metal out of the jar lid , frequently leaving jagged metal edges to cut your fingers . If anyone ever discovers a better type of jar opener , please let me know . Thanks !
 I recently purchased this item to keep at work . I did n't realize it was different from my old one at home as it does n't have metal on both sides . Results - it wo n't open anything . Because on the one plastic side , it slips and can not grip the lid . Suggest only the ones with metal on both sides - they really work !
 Do n't spend your money on this unless you only plan to open things with small metal or plastic lids -LRB- milk containers , baby food jars , etc. -RRB- . If you 're looking for something to open things like large pickle jars that are hard to get your hands around this will NOT work . This product was poorly designed and was clearly not tested properly . And for $ 9 it is a complete waste of money .
 I previous had a similar jar opener and have 2 places and wanted to keep one in one place and the other in another . This jar opener is an inferior product and the worse thing I ever purchased from Amazon -LRB- and I purchased numerous things -RRB- It does n't grips all jars and it should have advised me of what it was made of.It looked various similar to the other one I own and I ca n't wait till I can find another jar opener like the other one so I can throw this one in the garbage .
 The handle sure is comfortable , just as you 'd expect from OXO . Unfortunately this jar opener does not work all that well . Instead of gripping the jar lid with non-slip rubber , it grips it with metal teeth . These sometimes slip off rather than gripping . And when they do grip , the usually leave quite a mark in the jar lid -- sometimes even cutting through very thin lids . Often takes 2-3 tries to open a single jar.Skip this product and instead buy a jar opener that grips the jar lid with rubber or a similar non-skid , non-damaging material .
 The opener is too fragile for the task . The serrated blade is held in place by thin , brittle plastic that is easily broken if one inadvertantly twists or `` levers '' the handle even slightly up from the plane of the lid - easy to do with a tight lid.Should you decide to use it , try to keep the body of the opener pressed flat against the cap - easier said than done when trying to stabilize the jar and get leverage on the tool handle .
 I had the same experience as another Oxo Good Grips customer . The teeth broke off the plastic holders on the first jar I tried it on . I later opened it with my bare hands . A total waste of money . I wish I could find one of those old metal ones that mounts on the wall ...
 This jar opener worked quite well for the first couple of months -- it made the process of opening jars very easy -- until it broke . I was trying to open a particularly stubborn jar of applesauce , and suddenly one of the two metal strips or `` teeth '' that grip the jar lids went flying across the kitchen , along with the plastic piece that was _ supposed _ to hold it in place . Turns out , it was only attached by a couple of thin plastic pegs , which could n't have been expected to survive for very long under the stresses that such a tool experiences .
 The colors of this cutting board are NOTHING like the picture , instead it consists of muted green and blues -- very dull -- instead of the vibrant oranges and purples which were apparently enhanced to promote false advertising .
 I like to cook , and I like a good sturdy carving knife ; that 's why I bought this one . I take good care of my knives , sharpen them regulary , because I expect them to last `` forever '' -LRB- at least 20 years or so -RRB- . After just two years of use , my Oxo carving knife simply broke in my hand while cutting up a watermelon ... the blade snapped off from the handle . I wo n't be buying Oxo products anymore .
 The saw blade on the one I bought cut in a curve because the saw blade was cheaply made in Taiwan .
 I was using this item on not even hard ice cream and the shaft separated from the scoop .
 Mine broke on the 3rd use ! No need to say anymore !
 The handle is not very sturdy for leveraging hard ice cream . The metal shaft only extends for two-thirds of the length of the handle , leaving an empty rubber sheath for the final third . Overall , not a terrible scoop , but I expected a better handle out of a product that is called `` Good Grips '' .
 The metal scraper loop that expels the ice cream is unbelievably flimsy and very tenuously attached on both ends . Although it worked well as a muffin disher , it deformed and popped out the first time I tried to scoop ice cream from a batch I made that was frozen just a bit over soft serve -LRB- I would never use ANY sweeper scoop - even well-made ones like theNorpro 3-Tablespoon Stainless Steel Scoop - to dish ice cream any harder than that -RRB- . Waste of money . Look elsewhere.And for dishing ice cream only , of any degree of hardness , try theZeroll Original 3-Ounce Aluminum Ice Cream Scoop .
 This scoop started off fine , but the spring broke rather quickly . Still used it for awhile , but was disappointed overall .
 I have always trusted OXO products , but this time I was woefully mislead . The internal ejector blade broke with the very first scoop of ice cream . Bad , Bad product . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I decided to pay a little extra for this ice cream scoop due to the mechanical trigger . Unfortunately , the metal strip that the trigger controls came loose on my * FIRST * use . I thought perhaps I was unlucky or had just gotten a lemon . However , I later found that several friends had purchased the exact same model -LRB- at Target -RRB- and theirs broke as well after very few uses . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I expected more from an OXO product .
 This scoop falls apart while in use . The piece that slides inside the scoop flexes and comes out of its slot in the axle then the whole thing falls into four pieces . This would be a good scoop if that sliding piece were stiffer or if it extended into the slot more deeply or if it were firmly attached to the axle instead of being held in place by its weak spring force . This is something that product testing should have discovered before it was put on the market .
 Stick to scooping out cookie dough with this item . Great ergonomics but the scoop will break -LRB- and has -RRB- with any sort of hard ice cream . The shaft is plastic and breaks easily if forced to cut into hard ice cream .
 Broke easily and cheap feeling.Didn ' t last very long -LRB- less than 6 months -RRB- . Look for something else - not worth it .
 This scoop worked wonderfully until about the 5th time I used it . Then it broke . The metal half circle that helps to remove the ice cream from the spoon no longer moved when I pressed the lever .
 This scoop did n't last . The spring broke after a few uses . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this because it was the only scoop BB&B ; had in stock at the time . I needed a # 20 cookie scoop as recommended by Alton Brown . Turns out this is significantly larger than # 20 . As such , the scoops were so big the cookies did n't cook evenly - undercooked in the middle , overcooked along the edges.Not only that , the little metal scraper broke off on the second or third use . Fortunately , I was able to reattach it , but a cookie or two later , it broke off again . It did this same thing for ice cream , too . What were the designers thinking ?! I replaced it with Oxo 's Good Grips Cookie Scoop -LRB- large size -RRB- from Amazon and could n't be happier . It 's sturdy and scoops the perfect amount of cookie dough so the cookies are cooked evenly throughout and consistently sized.I ended up tossing this Oxo Good Grips ice cream scoop in the trash . If you need an ice cream or cookie scoop , get something else . This thing will just frustrate you and fall apart .
 The title says it all . I 've been pleased with other OXO kitchen appliances , but this ice cream scoop was not designed to stand up to ice cream . The scoop part is fine -LRB- the same way a regular spoon is fine -RRB- , but the `` trigger '' is absolutely worthless .
 I 'm a HUGE fan of OXO . But this one is a miss . My first time using it , the black handle started sliding off the spoon , releasing the shaft that holds the gear mechanism in place . The whole thing fell to pieces in a matter of minutes .
 Much like most of the other reviewers ' experiences , the trigger mechanism in my OXO ice cream scoop broke almost immediately , as well . And then , to add insult to injury , when I kept using it despite the fact that it did n't work properly , the metal it was made from pitted/eroded horribly.Although I 've always been a fan of OXO 's products and ca n't recall using any other OXO kitchen gadgets I 've bought that I thoroughly disliked , this is definitely one to avoid .
 The mechanism in this scoop is sheet metal . It bent after the first few scoops . I was able to bend it back into place a few times , but after that it was hopeless . We finally threw it away . This item does not live up to the OXO reputation ; I hope it is not a sign of more low quality items to come .
 Purchased this December 22 , 2006 . Last night May 13 , 2007 it snapped in half while scooping sherbert . Snapped in half as in the scoop part broke off the handle . Not even 6 months old , stay far away from this one .
 This thing literally fell apart after only a few uses . It was cheaper than other similar ones , which is why I tried it , but I would n't buy it again . Even at the price , it was n't worth it .
 It looks nice , but too bad it wo n't work for me . I 'd buy the left-handed version , though . : - -LRB-
 My sister bought one because she saw Ina Garten use one on her show for muffins and cupcakes . We were baking muffins for my niece 's 1st birthday party and we bought the same exact one offline -- it was completely useless . We made a batch of muffins with a tight batter and it just would not scoop out upon release . Took us about 4 hours to bake . I ca n't even imagine using this on ice creams . Needless to say -- it went back to the store . I have theNorpro Stainless Steel Scoop , 56MM -LRB- 4 Tablespoon -RRB- at home and it is so much better . Spent the extra money -- you 'll be glad you did .
 This is not a good product . The first one we had broke just above the handle , the metal lever that `` scoops '' the ice cream out , also fell apart . Very flimsy . The replacement one we got from the store did exactly the same thing . Do n't buy this . I usually like OXO products and own quite a few other kitchen utensils that they produce .
 Yes , their chunky grips make them comfy to hold . BUT , if you use corn dishes -LRB- you know , the ones made just for corn , so you can roll your ear in the butter , etc ? -RRB- these will not work - since their so big they actually hold the corn high up out of the dish ! If the ear ca n't reach the bottom of the dish then there 's no butter/salt/pepper , which for me renders these useless.We prefer the Zyliss ones that also interlock -LRB- so no poking yourself digging them out of the drawer -RRB- ! ETA 12/27/09
 The Bamboo roll up blind arrived in decent shape . I wish the company had provided the locations of the hanger loops , and that they were adjustable . My windows have steel frames and drilling new holes requires a powerful drill with a special bit , and paying someone to come and do it . So I threaded heavyweight paper clips through the blind where the hooks are already in the window and the blind is hanging from those . I would give the measurements here , but you can order the exact size blind you want -LRB- a plus -RRB- so my measurements would not mean much.The blind itself is just OK , a little more see-through than the one I had before , and a lighter color than I expected . The cord broke on the old one and I regret giving it away , because it was a better quality than this one , and cords can be replaced from a hardware store.Not the happiest purchase .
 The spreader is much larger and wider than I wanted . I have found it useless for buttering bread sticks , which is why it was ordered.This is my fault and not that of the spreader .
 What exactly does stainless mean ? How about dishwasher safe ? I think that means you can put it in the dishwasher and it wo n't come out with rust spots , but that 's what it does every time . Nice concept , cheap execution .
 Having read a few negative reviews , I was extra careful when I purchased the GoodGrips spreader one year ago . It never soaked in water , and it never saw the insides of my dishwasher . After using it three times , it rusted . The cause ? Mayonnaise!With the exception of the serrated edge , the rust was easily removed with Barkeeper 's Friend , which can be found at better super markets .
 First time we washed these in dishwasher rust appeared on blades . The blades are marked `` stainless steel '' . Very disappointed , other OXO products we have purchased were of good quality .
 All I can say is SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAK !!! This thing has been used a lot -- probably 50 times in the 3 years we 've owned it , but that 's no excuse . It should n't squeak a really high , really loud squeak every time it rotates , regardless of pressure , tilt or speed . It 's also ungainly and heavy . Yes , it cuts well , but it 's not worth the hearing loss and awakened baby that occur each time we cut pizza with it . Trashed .
 I received this as a gift from my aunt . I was impressed until several years into having it the handle fell off . I 've since had other Oxo Good Grips kitchen utensils and they all have problems after a year or two ... I do n't think I 'll be buying Oxo again in the future .
 OXO Soft-Handled Can Opener , Item # 28081 . This is a hard-to-clean kitchen tool . Not all the metal parts are stainless so they get pitted and retain food particles . Also , the soft handles are not sealed onto the body of the can opener , so dishwater accumulates in them , and therefore so do rotting food particles , mold ... you get the point . It is possible to pull off the handles and wash all the surfaces , but what a pain ! And then , the handles wear and loosen so they start to slide when opening cans . After three months , I replaced the Oxo Good Grips Can Opener with aZyliss Lock-n-Lift Can Openerwhich , after six months , still works very well .
 Although this is a fairly ergonamic and durable can opener , the oversized handles make it nearly impossible to open straight-edged cans , such as sardine cans.If you ever need to open oddly shaped cans make sure you have another can opener in the house .
 This product had noticeable rust after the first few weeks . After a few months , it was so rusty it was hard to open and close . The other day it literally broke in two from the rust . We have not had it for that long . This product is total garbage , unlike most Good Grips products -LRB- esp . the super potato peeler -RRB- .
 I bought this can opener for my daughter who is left handed . This is not a left handed can opener and is exactly the same as the one we already had that is difficult for her to use .
 i thought it would last but did not , the twist handle broke after trying to open a can of tomato sauce
 This can opener worked great until the knob broke off . I only had it for 2 months . Nothing is made to last anymore : /
 I have a philosophy that will not allow me to buy crummy tools . Tools for anything ... . if they do not work or do not last , they are worthless . That 's why I paid 14 bucks for a hand-operated can opener . Being an engineer I looked at the design and was impressed by the symmetrical -LRB- rather than cantilevered -RRB- hinge . I reasoned that this would make the opener sturdy and allow it to work as intended for a long time . IT DID NOT . This overpriced piece of trash DOES NOT open cans . There may be other uses for it but opening cans is not one of them . That 's why I 'm on Amazon today . I am throwing this junk out and buying 6 of the 2 dollar can openers . That should last me my lifetime and leave 1 or 2 to bequeath to my survivors . Yes it is making me depart from my lifelong philosophy -LRB- and that makes me mad -RRB- but it is in self-defense . I am hungry and I CAN NOT OPEN ANY CANS .
 This can opener is a real disappointment to us . We have happily used this brand on other utensils , but this one is sub-standard . The `` Good Grips '' slip off . This can opener stalls while trying to open a standard can of beets , and had to be reset and started again several times leaving beet juice splatters all over the counter . We returned this item for a refund .
 This was a great can opener ... until it rusted . The gears ceased turning . But I liked it enough to replace it with the stainless version .
 This was a great can opener for the first six months , and now it would be faster and more efficient for us to chew the can lids off . I went back to my old , rusty from-the-dawn-of-time opener , which still works great but looks terrible until I can find a decent replacement . The Oxo still looks fantastic ... in the back of the drawer .
 This can opener worked great for about 6/7 months and then quit . It said it was dishwasher safe , but it rusted . Even WD-40 could n't help . Do n't buy this one - unless it for a gift for someone you do n't like .
 Length :
 Worked well for a while - but no better than the usual steel hardware store model . The shape of the turning handle may look appealing but it is not particularly ergonomic . Its sloping ends tend to encourage fingers to slide off.After a while -LRB- a year ? -RRB- it is very difficult to turn the handle even when the can opener is not on a can . Essentially unusable . I am looking for a new one .
 This wine bottle opener is a real disappointment . I noticed it is no longer in stock here , but felt the need to warn people about this item . The bottle opener piece works in such a way that if you screw in the cork all the way -LRB- like you are suppose to with this particular model -RRB- it will punch through the bottom of the cork every time and you will get cork in your wine . The only thing good about it is that it lines the corkscrew up with the center of the cork , but that does n't really matter when you are drinking or picking cork out every time . On the side of the corkpull there is a round little sharp piece to cut the top piece of the bottle to get to the cork . Nice idea , but it does n't work . It 's not sharp enough and there is no way to sharpen it . Plus it is too close to your hands when you pull on the handle that you might even cut yourself . Stick with the old fashion cork screw . Do n't waste your money on this wannabe fancy one .
 I agree with the previous review about cork-punctures ... happens all the time . Worse , however , is the fact that after a relatively short period of time , the inner workings of my particular model broke , leaving it useless . When it was still operational it worked well enough , but the fun did n't last long . As a result , though even Consumer Reports rated this item very good , I 'd have to recommend against it .
 We ordered this wine cooler directly from the manufacturer several years ago for ourselves and a relative and have loved it.However , recently have ordered three of them through Amazon and all three leak . There apparently is a defect in these and the manufacturer has done nothing to resolve the problem . Such a shame , because the one we have is such a nice addition when we have parties .
 I was given this as a gift ... it does a great job keeping our wines chilled and it looks great too . However , it leaks water from the melted ice . Very disappointed for the price .
 Both the zester and the channel knife require a lot of effort to break through anything . I guess I got a dud .
 I was really looking forward to putting peel twists in mixed drinks , but it 's incredibly hard * to make anything over 1cm long with this tool . My friends tried too and they could n't get anything substantial either . Zesting is fine , although it 's much more time-consuming to do with this than with a microblade . * -LRB- I should add that I 'm no bodybuilder , but still -RRB-
 The workmanship and quality is second rate . The handle is the only nice thing about the zester . The steel is literally junk .
 I purchased the OXO lemon zester specifically for the purpose of making long lemon garnishes for martinis and other beverages . It worked tolerably well the very first time but after that the channel knife was too dull to work at all . Was very disappointed.OXO Good Grips Lemon Zester . Am looking for a proper channel knife and would welcome suggestions .
 This must be the worst product I 've ever purchased that sports the OXO label . And I 've got a lot of the stuff , and have been generally satisfied with it . I needed a channel knife , wanted one where you could draw it sideways like a paring knife -LRB- instead of pulling it long-ways towards you -- look at other channel knives , you 'll know what I mean -RRB- . This gadget cuts the raggediest , least-attractive lemon twists ever , and it 's hard to pull through the rind as well . So I thought OK , it 's still a good zester . And.....No-it 's - not . Get a microplane , or maybe a different zester , but this one is a turd . Finally , the handle is not `` comfortable , '' it 's too hard and too big for my -LRB- fairly small but not outrageously so -RRB- hand . The whole tool is poorly designed and clumsy .
 This product did not live up to my expectations . It did not zest properly and the zest it did produce was not as pleaseing to the eye .
 Feels really good in the hand but does not have the sharp cutting action to do anything , also the holes were not large enough , the angle for the pass was not made correctly , I could not get one single little bit of zest from lemons , limes , oranges ... . Had to return it and get another brand . -LRB- I had given my good zester to a friend is the only reason I needed a new one ... sure wish I knew what that other brand was -RRB-
 I believe that this is a quality control issue since a lot of people have good reviews . The sample that I received is completely dull , so dull that it is not possible to zest a lemon with the big groove - it ends up just tearing the peel . The small zester holes part is also dull and I end up smashing the fruit to get decent zest .
 I have owned this garlic press for about 2 years and it failed the other night crushing pieces -LRB- I always slice them first -RRB- for my chili recipe . May seem hefty but it cal break at the pivot . I 'm tired of companies making cheap kitchen equipment and will look for something that slices small pieces instead of `` crushing '' if this is a weak point for these products .
 The part about the garlic press that should be so great is a piece of plastic that cleans the press after use . Mine broke off after a couple of uses.The press is fine , just not as great as advertised.I have no knowledge of the pizza wheel.The price is great for the two pieces . I paid as much for one piece .
 I bought this because of the reversible cleaning gizmo , which worked fine . But it was hard to press , left a lot behind , and ultimately the handle broke - the metal sheared into two pieces . Poor quality .
 I purchased this set since I was an avid buyer of OXO kitchen utensils/products . I do think they are having quality problems . My garlic press broke when I was pressing a medium sized garlic clove . I wrote to OXO and have never received any reply . They say they have an unconditional guarantee on their products and this is the 3 item which I have had problems with and when I write to them they simply do not answer . The products are pleasant to use , but having used a garlic press less than 1 year -LRB- as well as their silicone spatula and angled measuring cups which show micro-cracks after a while -RRB- and a manufacturer who simply disregards customers , I think it better to purchase someone elses products .
 I owned this press for approximately one year and was happy with it until it broke yesterday . I would expect a well-made press to last several years . My other complaint is that when it is placed in the dishwasher , water seeps into the handle covers , so dishwashing is not recommended . I will not buy another kitchen utensil by this brand because it does not last .
 Imagine my suprise when after less than a year of use , the metal grid broke , bending outward while pressing a clove of garlic . Very dissapointing . And while my hands never slipped of the `` non-slip grip '' the grips themselfs often -LRB- every use -RRB- slipped down on the metal handles . I think I 'll try another brand this time !
 Do not buy this garlic press . Although well-designed looking , the soft metal in the hinge breaks and the two halves come apart even when squeezing one peeled garlic clove .
 I bought this garlic press about 5 years ago . It has done a good job for the past 5 years , but a month ago it broke on me . I did n't do anything extraordinary . I was just using the press like normal and the hinge broke . Also , the black rubber handles slide back and forth allowing water to get into the handles
 I love the older Oxo garlic press that I have had for many years and when I went to buy one for the RV I decided to get another Oxo just like my old one . The style was changed , which I was n't sure about , but bought one anyway . I did n't care for the feel of it as much my old one , though it seemed to work almost as well as the older style at first . But today I was using it out in the RV and I was n't able to get hardly any garlic pressed out of it . I finally went into the house and brought my old one out and it worked perfect ! I do n't think much of the new style and as so many people have stated that theirs has broken , I am going to replace it with a Zyliss . My older one in the house has gotten tons of use and is still working great while my newer one , which I think I may have had for maybe 2 years give or take , has hardly been used at all -LRB- especially since the RV sits all winter -RRB- and now the press does n't work . My old one gets 5 stars , but this newer version only 2 .
 I 've had three of these until I gave up on Oxo garlic presses . The first one broke close to the handle within two weeks of moderate use . The metal fatigued and cracked . I took it back to the store and with Oxo 's lifetime warranty , at that time , it was exchanged immediately , no questions asked . Then I got a second , which lasted a few months until the same thing happened . But I really like the design of the thing
 I was really surprised when this thing snapped . The metal insides do n't look like stainless at all , it 's more like crappy pressed metal . Weak .
 No matter what you do , the garlic press rusts ! It got so bad that I had to throw it away .
 I 'm probably pretty hard on garlic presses , as we cook with garlic almost every day , but I still could n't believe that I managed to snap the handle off of this one after only a few months of use . Luckily , I had never loved the press - the way the block fit into the bowl always seemed to result in some garlic coming out of the sides and not being pressed through the holes - so this gave me the opportunity to get one I really like -LRB- the Zyliss -RRB- .
 This is junk , made of cheap pot metal . Like another reviewer said , we wrote off the first one breaking but then the second one broke doing what it was supposed to do.It 's a nice looking product but do n't waste your money .
 I owned my garlic press -LRB- which I purchased at Bed Bath & Beyond -RRB- for several years . Eventually , the red platic part started to wear down -LRB- due to heat from the dishwasher , I suppose -- but these things are supposed to be dishwasher safe -RRB- and the hinge broke . I expect garlic presses to last forever -- especially if you pay upwards of $ 10 for one . I 'm looking to buy a new one on Amazon.com now ... Hopefully I find something better , but it is dependent on finding reviews , so I figure I 'd give back to the community with my own review . Happy shopping !
 I really liked this garlic press , until the metal broke . It has not undergone heavy use and was not that old . I have n't fared much better with other Good Grips products - I purchased two dish scrubbers in a row and BOTH broke within a month of use . After the garlic press , I am not sure that I will purchase Good Grips products again . They feel like they should be sturdy , and the rubberized handles are comfortable , but they do n't hold up . Considering their cost , it 's unacceptable . I do like their measuring spoons , however .
 I used this for about 2-3 years before it broke when crushing a clove of garlic . I was squeezing down pretty tight when , bam , the metal just broke . I also have to say that it was always a pain to put in the diswasher b/c whenever I took it out , water would leak out of the handles from in between the metal and the black plastic coating . I 'm not a fan .
 I bought this unit over a year ago and I loved it , it 's attractive , easy to use and comfortable to grip . Unfortunately , it is n't durable , with limited use the top hinge snapped under the stress of crushing a small garlic bulb . Avoid it you can .
 I had a Zyliss Susi Garlic Press for many years and just loved it . However , I lost mine during a move . I tried this OXO model and was very disappointed because it just did not work . More garlic comes out the sides of the press than out the front and you have to use a knife to scrap the garlic into your dish . It is just useless with garlic splattering all over everything . I have found OXO products to be cheaply made and poorly designed . I needed a garlic press in a pinch but learned a valuable lesson - you get what you pay for especially when it comes to kitchen utensils .
 I have used this garlic press for a few years , it is too small and never really did a good job of pressing out all of the garlic . It would expel juice and a few bits of garlic . It did not work well at all with unpeeled garlic . But , it was better than anything else . I used it today for 1 clove , the mesh portion through which the garlic is pressed broke in half , and one piece of mesh fell out of the press . I had really expected it to be stronger than that . I will try something different now . Probably the KUHN model , there does n't really seem to be a perfect garlic press out there , but the reviews for the KUHN look promising .
 I have a bunch of Oxo stuff -LRB- like a mixing bowl and apple slicer and such -RRB- that has served me well for many years and I like them ... so when my old garlic press finally died and I saw this one , I thought , `` Hey great ! It looks durable and I like Oxo . '' One of the handle grips snapped off on the first use , and even trying to work around that by gripping further up -LRB- and fueled by anger that it had ALREADY broken -RRB- I could still barely get any garlic to come out the holes - mostly it left a flattened garlic mush inside . SO disappointed .
 I really tried to like this garlic press but , alas , I do n't . While the cleaning mechanism works well and the handles are comfortable , it never completely crushes the garlic clove . Instead it leaves a good 1/4 of the garlic clove stuck to the bottom of the press . To use the entire clove , you have to fish out the garlic remains and then mince then by hand . The problem seems to be that the two sides of the press do n't meet tightly . In frustration I bought IKEA 's inexpensive garlic press and it works wonders .
 The grip handles take in water and drip into other dishes . It 's quite annoying . However , atleast this one does n't rust .
 This press is ok if you do n't mind throwing away the rubber handles . I hate the stagnant water that gets in there , like everyone else said . I discovered the water while pressing some garlic and it got over everything . It just gets nasty in there so I no longer use the handles . It has n't broken on me , I 've just been too lazy to get a new one . It does leak garlic back onto the handles also . Not worth your money IMO .
 I liked the stocky construction of this press when I bought it . It seemed solid . But , it has a few problems .1 . the rubber handles slip -- this is a minor problem .2 . liquefied garlic oozes out the sides -- this is often the part of the garlic you want , so you scrape it off -- kind of annoying .3 . it leaves a large part of the garlic uncrushed4 . after only a few months ' use , the hinges break completely , and into the trash it goesI did find this press cleans up fast and easily . That 's its main strength . But , overall , I was unhappy with the longevity of this item .
 When my ancient garlic press finally broke , I bought this one , mistakenly thinking that all garlic presses are equal and liking this one for its design and color . However , I ca n't get it to actually press the garlic ! It just sort of squashes it against the metal grate , rather than pushing it through . I generally have to resort to fishing the smushed garlic back out of the press with a knife and cutting it up . Although this is easier than cutting up an unsmushed piece , I would much rather have a garlic press that did the whole job itself !
 It took a couple of years of use , but ours broke at the hinge , too . Worked nicely while it lasted , though . The plastic cleaner is very handy and effective .
 I have had 2 ` OXO Good Grips Garlic ' presses . It presses garlic nicely and feels good to hold , however , both of my presses broke -LRB- metal broke -RRB- within a year . I currently need another press and am looking for a different brand . I will never buy an OXO garlic press again .
 Too hard to press together to squeeze out the garlic . This looked like a good idea with the cleaner built in , but I can not press all the garlic out . This was a waste of money . I usually love Oxo products , but not this one . I reverted to my old Zyllis .
 This garlic press works well and the cleaning feature is nice , until , as so many other 's have found , it snaps . It is made of `` pot metal '' a zinc alloy -LRB- non-toxic -RRB- but Oxo needs to redesign it because I am willing to bet that ALL the broken ones listed here broke in the same exact place . Defective by design !
 Generally I have chosen to purchase OXO products because of their durability . I am very disappointed in OXO this time . After just one year of use , the hinge on my garlic press is broken , and I am now pounding out garlic with a mortar and pestle until I can get to the US to buy a replacement . Unfortunately , I will not be buying another OXO Good Grips Garlic Press . I wish I had read all of the helpful customer reviews before making this purchase . It seems OXO needs to read them as well .
 This was used twice before the built in hole-cleaner broke . I put it in the dish washer , and when I removed it , they had all broken off . What a waste of money .
 I would expect for a kitchen tool to last for many years to come . A garlic press has become a must have in my kitchen . This garlic press is great if it would only stand the duration of time . At the suggestion of a friend , a mortar and pestle could serve the same purpose as a garlic press along with its many other uses and is less susceptible to breaking .
 Purchased this a few years ago . After 5 uses , the metal part of it snapped in half . It worked well while it lasted . Same thing happened to my mom . I guess they rather put out quantity than quality .
 In contrast to some of the other reviews , I find this press harder to use than others that I 've owned . This is surprising given OXO 's typical track record in usability . In fact , the press that I replaced with this one was also an OXO and worked much better in terms of hand strength required . The reason I replaced the other model was because its coating came off in the dishwasher and it was harder to clean . This is the one real benefit for this model as it is far easier to clean than any other one I 've used . The one strange thing that happens with mine is that water will get trapped in the handle and leak in my drawer after it comes out of the dishwasher . It also leaves behind more garlic when pressing than other presses that I 've used which feels like a waste . In the end , I 'm going to go back to using my old press until I find one that is both easy to use AND easy to clean .
 I 've had 2 of these now . They both worked fine . When the first one broke , I wrote it off as a fluke . Now the second one broke as well.I gave it 2 stars as it worked pretty well while in one piece.If you are looking for a `` temporary '' garlic press , this is the one for you.For the rest of us looking for something that will last , the search continues . -LRB- BTW , I had an Oxo grater that broke too , so I think I am done with this brand for good -RRB- .
 It worked well for two years -LRB- used about twice a month -RRB- , then the body cracked and will no longer press the garlic thru the holes . Disappointing .
 The reason I 'm online writing this review today is that I 'm looking for another garlic press , preferably one that is not made of pot metal.I was using the my Oxo press today , loaded it with two cloves , gripped it in my left hand and squeezed . The result was a snapped hinge where the hinge and body of the press are at their most narrow . C'mon Oxo , a garlic press ought to at least be able to press garlic without disintegrating!I recommend that you should stay far away from this product .
 I bought this press about 8 months back , using it only about once a week . Today , it simply snapped in half while I was press a couple of medium cloves ! Oxo products are usually well-made , but this is a `` lemon . ''
 As well as the annoying storing water in the handle -LRB- mentioned in other reviews -RRB- , mine flat out broke . It could n't take the pressure of use and snapped the metal at the handle . The cast metal parts did n't fit well into each other , either.Comfortable , yes . But the grips are useless when they 're on two different pieces .
 If you 're looking for a garlic press that produces minced garlic , keep looking . This is a garlic squasher , a garlic masher , a garlic crusher , but NOT a garlic press . No actual minced garlic emerges from the little holes . I was so disappointed ! My husband finally repaired our old , no-name , made-in-Taiwan garlic press , and we 're back in business . Caveat emptor !
 This thing does not work well . You could be pressing a massive garlic clove and you will hardly get any garlic coming through the holes . Its not a tight fit so most of the garlic is wasted and squished to the sides . I also managed to break mine so the ` self-cleaning ' nubs do not line up with the holes any longer . Buy something else !!
 Made the mistake of purchasing the garlic press . Did n't work . Mashed the garlic into a pad of paste . So irritating to use , I checked their `` warranty '' and contacted OXO to return and was given a run around - forms to fill out , copy of original receipt , mail it back . `` Satisfaction '' warranty is a fraud and a complete lie . Jumped through their hoops . Then a smug company rep called and told me it was `` not their product '' and I would have to provide a prepaid envelope if I wanted it back . No refund , nothing . I certainly do n't want it back . Well , it was their product . Solution is simple . I will never , ever buy another of their products again . And my advice to everyone - pick another brand , any other brand .
 There are 2 major problems with this garlic press :1 -RRB- Much of the garlic gets stuck inside the hopper of the press and will not come out .2 -RRB- The holes in the press seem to be too large so mince is not as fine as I would like.I owned OXO 's garlic press -LRB- Item #
 I have the Kuhn Rikon garlic press and I much prefer that little gem to the OXO . For one thing , the OXO is much harder to use . I 'm not a weak person , and I usually have to use both hands or have my husband help me with this one . I can use the Kuhn Rikon without peeling the garlic cloves and that is impossible with the OXO . The grippy handle on the OXO seems to retain the garlic odor where the complete stainless steel construction of the Kuhn Rikon means that there is never a residual garlic smell after washing . The Kuhn Rikon is easier to wash , too . I have not had my OXO break yet , like some others have mentioned , but I do n't use it very often . I usually like OXO products , so I am very disappointed with this tool .
 I hate to bad-mouth OXO because I like the rest of their products . They can not be beat for ergonomic comfort , and in that respect , the OXO Good Grips Garlic Press is no exception . The handles are extremely comfortable to grip , and with very small garlic cloves , minimal pressure is needed to crush them with this press . However , I have owned two of these OXO garlic presses , and both of them have broken while simply pressing a medium-sized garlic clove . The first time this happened , I though perhaps I had just gotten a defective press , and I optimistically purchased a second . Imagine my dismay when three months later , the exact same thing happened to the second press . Although this product looks big and sturdy , unfortunately , looks can be deceiving .
 Great features -LRB- the comfortable grips and self-cleaning -RRB- but it is not durable at all . Hinge broke while crushing a small clove of garlic and the press was less than 3 months old ! Certainly not overused nor abused by any means . Even hand-washed despite the fact they say it 's dishwasher safe.The press `` looks '' like good quality stainless steel but I 've never seen stainless `` snap '' like this one did . I know of two other family members whose OXO presses broke at the hinge , too.So , I will not be wasting my money on this brand . I 'll go with a true stainless steel press until this manufacturer can improve on this one .
 Overall , I 've been very impressed with OXO tools . However , I have to say that this garlic press is a notable exception . It 's just not built to withstand any kind of heavy use . If you put any medium or large-sized clove of garlic in it , you will break the press , it 's only a matter of time . I 've gone through 2 of them this way , and it 's a shame , because generally OXO tools hold up much better than this .
 It 's really sad to read all of these reviews and see the same thing I went through . The majority of my kitchen gadgets are Good Grips , and I love them . These presses worked great for a while . The first one developed a crack at the hinge and stopped working properly so I threw it out . Tonight , my second one split at the hinge . These things feel really solid , but the cast metal they are made with does n't seem to be strong enough .
 The first time I tried to use this beautiful tool , the rubber handle slipped off . After glueing it back on , I found out that the handles are too thick to allow complete compression . I purchased this with the thought that I had the Cadillac of garlic presses . What I got was closer to a Yugo . I ended up tossing it in the garbage .
 I own many good grips products and love most all of them . I have now owned 2 good grips garlic presses . The first one , was an older model that broke at the hinge . The company replaced it for free with the current model . It too broke at the hinge after just a couple of months of use . I will continue to use their other products , but I will not even bother to try to get another good grips garlic press . Total frustration .
 This press is considerably heavier than the Zusi 2 and has a bigger capacity , but although you do n't have to have super-strong hands to use it , it requires bigger hands and more hand strength than I 've got . If your hands are very large and strong , you 'll probably like it , but if not , forget both of these and buy the Kuhn-Rikon Easy-Squeeze instead .
 I know I should n't complain too much since I used it for three years , but I just get upset when you buy a product that breaks after several years . It cracked on both sides of a handle and would n't put any pressure on the garlic to push through . I 'm now on the market for a new one and do n't recommend this one .
 Like a few others here have reported , the OXO broke right below the hinge . I would call it an average press with a better hand grip . The plastic hole clearer tended to stay lined up and worked ok . It broke while being used in normal service .
 As a garlic press , this one is ok but not great . It leaves a fair amount of garlic behind in the press , though what makes it through comes out in nicely even small pieces . It ca n't seem to handle unpeeled cloves well either . Definitely not if there 's more than one.But the biggest reason for my low rating is that , like several other people here , our press tore completely in two at the hinge after just a couple of years of modest use . We 're about to buy theTrudeau Garlic Press , which was a best buy in Cooks Illustrated 's latest review .
 We received a whole set of OXO tools as a wedding gift wears ago.This garlic press broke after three years of infrequent use . The metal snapped near the hinge . The rubber handles also slide off easily . Sounds like I am not the only one.The OXO kitchen scissors also fell apart after one month of use .
 At first , this seemed to be a nice , durable garlic press . However :1 -RRB- The black handles come off after a few rounds in the dishwasher , revealing metal handles with sharp casting remnants . You can slide the handles back on , but they never stay properly .2 -RRB- Mine just broke while pressing one , peeled clove -- the metal itself gave way near the hinge.Not recommended .
 I love garlic , and I thought this would be a great press . Not so much . My handles never leaked , as some reviewers have mentioned , rather they suddenly fell off completely , after maybe two years of moderate use . The metal handles inside are not pretty or comfortable -- I use them in a hurry , but now I chop or slice the garlic by hand . I thought that the red attachment would be helpful for cleaning , but I do n't find it to be significantly helpful . I also think that the reservoir that holds the garlic could be a little larger . I do n't recommend this garlic press .
 I 've had two of these break on me now after normal use ; the hinge gives way during the `` cleaning '' process .
 Worked while it worked , but not sturdy enough -- hinge broke within a few months . Rubber handle bulky for my smaller hands . Rubber grip also tends to slip off.I had one zyliss last for 10 years , another about a year -- hard to know where to go for a press now but it 's frustrating without one or , worse yet , a poor one .
 I only owned this for a year or so and it already broke . But I did n't like it anyway because of the leaking handles .
 This is the first garlic press that I have ever had . The one thing that is inescapable is that it takes a lot of hand strength to use it . This fact is the overriding reason for my three-star rating . Admittedly , my hands are fairly arthritic , but it still takes a great deal of force to press the garlic through . For that reason alone , I would not recommend this tool for anyone experiencing ongoing pain in their hands ; this press will surely aggravate it . The tool itself is sturdy and well made , although I 'm also unimpressed with the cleaner feature ; it still needs to be manually cleaned . The press goes through the dishwasher just fine . However , it 's pricey to me at almost $ 15 ; it should be more like $ 10 .
 the hinges broke after I pressed to crush the garlic . To the trash it goes . Now I use a small food processor to crush my garlic its easier and can crush a lot at one time .
 This garlic press is next to useless . I tried to press a whole head of garlic , one clove at a time , and the press was so ineffective that I ended up chopping all the garlic by hand . Usually , a garlic press works at least a little but this one hardly even bled any juice out of its holes . I tried whole cloves , half cloves and even quarter cloves . I even tried pressing two cloves at a time . Nothing worked . I ended up throwing the press away and am ordering a new one - definitely a different brand .
 Ours snapped , under normal use -- not at the hinge , but on the shaft connecting the handle to the sieve half of the press . You would n't think a thick stainless steel shaft could snap under hand pressure . And probably it could n't . But this press is not made of stainless steel . Once it snapped , we could see that it was made of some kind of semi-porous composite material with a chrome finish that makes it look like solid metal .
 The unit was nice to use , but did n't last nearly long enough . Disappointing 1/5 stars .
 Trust the other reviews . Mine broke just like the rest.Pros -LRB- before it broke -RRB- -- +4 stars . * Comfortable * Worked well -LRB- including the rubber bristle for cleaning the press -RRB- Cons -- -3 stars . * It broke in less than 3 months . Head area snapped off.Overall
 I 've had two of these and they have both broken at the hinge with only occasional use over a short time . I like Oxo , too , but this product is not worth it .
 I purchased this OXO Garlic Press as it appeared to be very solid , and well-constructed . I use large quantities of garlic , and really appreciate a good garlic press.This is NOT a good garlic press !!! It breaks quite easily , as imposing as it appears ... . one can only press a few , small peeled cloves at a time.It is also not as easy to clean as one would assume.I recommend the large ZYLISS garlic press . It will press unpeeled cloves , large cloves , and is much sturdier.I was quite unimpressed by my experiences with the OXO Good Grips , try ZYLISS - ***************
 Hardly used this press over the years ... maybe a dozen time tops . Last week I put two old/small cloves of garlic in and the handle broke right off . I was stunned .
 i had the same problem with our OXO good grips garlic press as many others here .1 -RRB- the rubber handles needed to be taken off everytime we put this in the dishwasher .2 -RRB- the red , plastic , cleaning attachment fell off of it too.so because of these two reasons it was a pain to get washed every time we used it . then yesterday , it broke and i had just bought it a year ago . it snapped in half ! overall , it was not a pleasant experience . the next one i buy will have less attachments and a heftier construction .
 I love oxo products . I have a whole kitchen full of them.This garlic press is not as good as their other stuff . First of all , its not made of metal . Its made out of silver painted material -LRB- plastic ? -RRB- . Thus , if you put in a big clove , or dont peel the clove or maybe it just wears out , yours will break.I actually am on my 3rd one of these . The first snapped in half . Oxo replaced it no problem . Then the 2nd broke in the same way . Oxo replaced again . Now I have a 3rd . I hope this one lasts longer . The first 2 made it 6 months on average.So to sum up , its not a good press . Buy one made of metal . And if yours is broken , call OXO for a replacement .
 I dislike this press for three reasons , and I do n't recommend buying it . 1 -RRB- The ergonomic design is poor -- there 's virtually no leverage on the garlic clove , and it takes quite a bit of hand strength to operate , even for my husband . 2 -RRB- The plunger does not press the garlic clove all the way through , so there is significant waste left behind . I constantly find myself having to add an extra clove to a recipe to account for the unused garlic that inefficient press leaves behind . 3 -RRB- Lastly , the metal material used for the hinges is poorly made . Due to # 1 , bad leverage , I found myself having to press both handles of the press against the counter -LRB- instead of squeezing it in my hand -RRB- . The first one I bought broke the entire hinge , and the second one bent the hinge . I 'm usually a big fan of OXO products , but this one is a loser .
 I purchased the Oxo garlic press because it looked sturdy . One day I was crushing a garlic clove into my pasta sauce , and the press broke . I had to throw away my sauce since I did not know if any of the metal particles broke off into it . I was very disappointed . Also , I do not like that the rubber grips are removable . After washing the press , water is logged in the grips and who has time to air dry the rubber inside ?
 i used to like oxo products a lot . oxo utensils i bought more than five years ago are still working and looking like new . most i 've bought in the last three years , i 've thrown out.the reason is the same for them all -- and one of the reasons i got rid of the garlic presses -- the handles take on water in the dishwasher and then leak that water into whatever you 're mixing . just what i want in my food , stagnant water.as for the presses , there was a secondary reason -- the results of pressing the garlic cloves , which have to be peeled to be pressed in the oxo presses , clumped in the pan when they were sauteed . if i did n't want lumps of semi-burned garlic , i had to spend as much time separating the pressed garlic as i would have spent in mincing it.this is not a product i would recommend .
 I have now gone through two of these . In both cases the hinge snapped when crushing garlic . Amazing . Additionally , the rubber handles have a tendency to slip off the metal and the hole cleaner actually makes the cleaning more difficult .
 I generally love Good Grips products , but this garlic press is not up to the standard of the other GG products . It does not fit together closely enough to press all of the garlic through the head - leaving a lot of unpressed garlic in the hopper . My Zyliss was damaged in the dishwasher -LRB- live and learn -RRB- but I am determined to get another .
 Although this is a nice looking product , and it lives up to the ` good grip ' promise , I went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point -LRB- the hinge -RRB- . I will say that OXO stood behind their product , shipping out a new one with no fuss . But after getting two replacements , and seeing the third break in exactly the same place , I 'm done .
 This thing broke after a couple of months . I recently started to notice it was n't pressing easily and then suddenly the entire hinge broke snapping the arms apart . What a piece of junk ! Do n't waste your money or time .
 As noted by many . If you use a lot of garlic -- which I do -- and do a lot of cooking -- which I do -- this will break by the joint . It is not stainless , but an alloy of a different nature.Other than that the comment on the handles is right on . They will fill with water and over time they slip off more and more . Do n't be fooled by initial heft , feel , etc. I generally LOVE OXO , but they failed on durability here .
 If you put a large clove in this one , you will be hard pressed -LRB- ha , ha -RRB- to squeeze it through unless you have large , strong hands . Mine ended up in the trash after one of the handles snapped clean off .
 I loved this press for 3 months . Used it nearly every day . Then it just fell apart at the hinge . I am not Arnold . I am 60 + arthritic , do not work out and I used it easy . It should NOT have broken !
 Like others here , I 've owned this press for a few years . It was great in the beginning ; easy to clean and use . No problems with the handles , in fact I loved them . I have cleaned it both in the dishwasher and by hand.However , after a few years of infrequent use , it became harder to clean for whatever reason . Then it became more difficult to mince garlic with it and then finally the thing broke at the hinge , again , like others here.If you want something pretty to put in your kitchen and intend to only use it once or twice a year , buy this one . If you intend to make good use of your garlic press and want something that LASTS , keep looking !
 This garlic press is n't sharp enough to push garlic through . Must use 2 hands and squeeze very hard to press garlic . Would n't recommend this one . .
 As with most garlic presses much of the garlic stays in the press and even when you reverse it to push out the garlic with the little prongs you still end up scraping it out with a little knife . If you are pressing many cloves as I usually do and you do n't scrape off the garlic on the outside before putting a new glove in , the handle can swing too far open grabbing all the garlic you just pressed out leaving it stuck in the prongs . This press is heavy in the hand but it takes a good amount of pressure to push the garlic through and it you have arthritis you probably would not be able to use this . The hinge part takes a lot of stress I would not put more then one clove at a time I think it would eventually snap off . Not my favorite item from a company that makes so many wonderful gadgets . I would much rather use my little grater and give it a rinse much faster and far less of a mess to clean . Not lovin this item .
 Rubber handle grips will first accumulate water and later they will start comming off . It 's so annoying that you will have to throw them away . At the end the hindge will brake and you will regret that you have spent your dollars on it .
 Like other reviewers , I like the ergonomics of OXO . However , they have n't quite perfected this garlic press . The rubber handles slid off a couple of times in the year I had this . Easy enough to push them back up . But the metal snapped on mine too . Clear enough that they are not using good quality metal . I would rather they charge twice as much for a well made product than expect me to keep buying defective merchandise . A garlic press should last forever .
 This garlic press had enough good rewiews so that I thought it would be adequate , at least . It was n't . It did n't break but I wish it had because it just took up space for months for no reason after I stopped using it because it did n't work well enough . Finally , after giving it one last chance , I threw it in the trash . I use a fair amount of garlic in cooking , and when I do , I still mince it myself with a knife because the garlic press is so inadequate to the task , which is what I recommend your doing rather than wasting your money on the Oxo Good Grips Garlic Press , at any rate . What is wrong with it is that the `` minced '' garlic does stick to the press and it is too much of a hassle to remove it to get the press clean , much less to actually use the minced garlic in food . Even a mortar and pestle work better . I 'd try that instead if I were you .
 I collect all types of Garlic related items , , , old and new . But I do want items that are functional and stand the test of time . Since I use alot of garlic in my cooking in my cooking forays I do n't have a use for dysfuntuol tools . Thanks for the warning '' ' Pigfarmer
 nobody shoudl use a garlic press unless they must.As far as it goes this is fine , but do avoid if you can .
 Folks , I am a HUGE , HUGE fan of Good Grips by OXO but heed this and other reviews on Amazon ... STAY AWAY from this garlic press!The day I received this press , I pushed the cleaning spikes through the holes to test it and two of the spikes broke off . I immediately had to return this product . What kind of cheap plastic are they using ??? I could n't imagine what would have happened if I actually had garlic or ginger in the holes !! It is entirely worth spending more on a garlic press than buying this inconsistent product . ...
 Like many of the other reviewers , I have been a fan of OXO for years , and have purchased the Good Grips version of almost every item I 've needed . Bread knife , check ! Hairbrush , check ! So I bought their garlic press many years ago , expecting it to be as wonderful as their other items , and , before long , it broke . I actually brought the broken one to their wholesale showroom in Manhattan , which probably no longer exists , and the replacement also broke . So , this is one OXO item I would not recommend .
 I purchased this garlic press to replace an old cheapy garlic press I bought at the local grocery store years ago . I liked the way my old one worked but it had a separate tool to clean out the holes in the press that I was constantly losing . Without the little cleaning tool the garlic would not come out of the holes unless I poked them clean with a toothpick or old tooth brush . When I saw the cleaning tool attached to this garlic press I though my problem was solved and I replaced my old press with this one . What a mistake ! Yes clean up is easier , but that is the only good thing I have to say about this product . It requires far more hand strength than my old one and when I am pressing garlic it leaks the `` juice '' out the top and it ends up running down my arm -LRB- I love garlic , but not so much that I want to smell like it when I am done cooking -RRB- . These two things alone would not be enough to make me hate it ; they would just be annoyances to put up with if the thing actually worked , but it does not work . Every time , without fail , it leaves a touch over an eighth of an inch of smashed garlic inside the press . While a touch over an eighth of an inch may not sound like much , you must understand it is over the whole surface of the inside of the press . It takes the garlic , smashes it flat over the whole surface and then , if it is still thick enough , begins pressing it through the holes . As a result , if you are using a small clove of garlic , 98 % of the garlic stays inside the press and never gets pressed out through the holes . If you want to actually get a small clove of garlic through the holes you need to add another clove so there is enough thickness to push the first clove through . It is so aggravating . If they had called this a garlic smasher I would sing its praises because it can smash garlic with the best of them . But since this is suppose to be a garlic press I am throwing mine away and trying my luck with another brand .
 After a couple of years we tossed our Oxo press into the garbage can . Early on , the rubber handles would slip off when in use or they be full of water from washing and leak water all over when in use -LRB- minor anoyances -RRB- . After about a year the plastic cleaning face popped off and would n't stay on -LRB- bigger anoyance -RRB- . Finally the press lost alignment and was useless -LRB- dead -RRB- . It 's performance and ease of cleaning were never very good and now that it 's gone , we now have an excuse to find a different press .
 It 's not made of steel . Nice grips ... but not durable .
 Oh why , oh why did n't I read the trusty Amazon reviews before I bought my OXO garlic press ? I really liked my press and was very excited about it . Then one day I was pressing an ordinary garlic clove and it snapped into two pieces . It was less than 3 months old . What a disappointment ! Do n't buy this product ; it 's defective .
 I also am sort of a kitchen knife nut . I enjoy cooking and any cook will tell you that knives are the cook 's most important tool.The first knives I ever actually purchaed was the OXO knives including this Chef Knife.These knives work _ GREAT _ at first and if you sharpen them they 'll keep cutting . These knives are also very cheap yet the handles are comfortable.The problems with the knife are also related to the low quality . Since the knife is very light it makes you do more work when cutting -LRB- if you cut properly and are not using your chef 's knife like a parer or slicer -RRB- . Also the knife is not full tang and has no bolster . Most cheap stamped knives like this are at least full tang . As a result this whole line of knives are not safe . Hence the one review about the knife breaking while cutting cheese . No chef 's knife should break under such simple usage . Trying to cut a raw whole chicken with this knife would be dangerous if you did not know how to cut . Not a safe learner knife.My advice is take the money you 'd spend on this knife and look elsewhere . If you only need a Chef knife consider the Calphalon Chef knife . It 's the best value for the the money . It 's forged from German steel and will last a lifetime . Its about twice as much as this knife and sometimes can be had cheaply during a Friday sale . Or consider the forged set from Farberware which have received many best value awards.I have top of the line Wustof an Sabatier knives which I 've learned from experience are my favorites . If you have the money to spend hundreds on knives then top of the line knives are worth it . Happy knife shopping .
 I have a dead knife . This is a dangerous knife . As I was cutting something the handle and knife broke . I was only cutting cheese . This should not happen with a good knife . I loved it until it almost caused me major damage . So be careful with this one .
 I LOVE OXO products . I think they are some of the best designed kitchen tools on the market . I started using OXO knives when I found a 6 '' utility knife . That is a great knife . OXO makes many other great/good knives but this one is not worth the money . I was very excided to use it for the first time and when I did I noticed that the blade was flimsy , it was more like cutting with a sharp piece of sheet metal rather than using a sturdy knife . I would recommend spending a little more and getting a better knife .
 This is the worst knife I 've ever owned . The blade wobbled side to side when I tried to cut hard vegetables like carrots and celery . Recently I read an article about the anatomy of a knife . I discovered that what this knife lacks is called a bolster . Now I know , a knife without a bolster is just a flimsy blade .
 Nice shape . Good feel until you use it . Dipping hard ice cream is made difficult because the scoop lacks a full tang . I have washed it in the dishwasher 3 times and the non-stick became pitted , ruling out the dishwasher safe claim . Bottom line , too much money for not enough performance .
 After about a week , parts of the numbers on the display were no longer visible . I 'll try to get it replaced . Let 's see what happens next .
 Bought this brand new , first time I used it the suction dropped to very little after the filter got clogged . I vacuum everyday so the rug was not overly dirty . Had to remove and clean filter , also there is a foam filter that you have to wash very very frequently -LRB- eventually I took it out because of suction problems -RRB- . Use the wand ? Forget it , the suction is so bad it wo n't pick up a crumb on the floor.I am very sorry I bought this vacuum . They brag about the suction being better than a Dyson , in there dreams.I use my hoover that has a bag and is 15 yrs old and get more suction than this one .
 I got a fabulous price on this vac - $ 99 from Menards . I returned it after 3 weeks . I have a 1500 sq ft home with multi surface floors . We do not live like pigs - every single time we vacuumed the floor -LRB- i/e daily -RRB- we nearly lost all suction by the time we were finished . The top filter would clog . Decided not just to give up and took to a local vac shop/warranty center . They told us it was typical and recommended returning to where it was purchased . Absolute garbage . Incidentally , we used a Dyson DC07 for 3 years until it became too expensive to repair .
 This reamer looks nice and is easy to clean , that 's where my good comments end . This tool is too smooth to properly ream citrus . It just spins around with very little juice coming out of the lemon . Best reamer is a plain wood one . The wood has enough texture to properly ream and makes for a good grip.Most markets sell them for under $ 2.00
 OXO Good Grips Aluminum Lemon ReamerThis product is terrible ! It leaches black into the juice ! I have many Oxo good grips products and have liked them all except this one ! It should be replaced with a stainless steel reamer . Not only does the black look terrible , I am concerned that it would not be good to eat . Oxo should really withdraw this product immediately with full refund . I have replaced mine .
 The pillow I received does NOT look like the one pictured . It is sewn on a MUCH darker ground fabric , more kahki brown than white . The darker ground color does not enhance the stitched pattern and colors . I was terribly disappointed by the ground color although the embroidery was as I expected .
 While this product has a great handle that is comfortable to hold and easy to handle , the blade is so poorly made that it destroys the usefulness of the knife . You are much better off buying a good knife from a manufacturer with experience in making blades . Do n't waste your money !
 This plane in no way compares with one I bought in Amsterdam in 1976 . Although we have super glued the handle it works well , but I thought this new one would be nice . The blad is thinner and too flexible . I am not happy with it .
 I had a cheese plane for years and loved it , but the wooden handle cracked . I purchased the Oxo since I had been pleased with their other products.This planer simply will not slice cheese for me . I used it for a firm cheddar block , and could not make it work . I plan to write to Oxo to complain .
 The main problem with this product is that the metal part is way too flexible . It bends all over the place when you are trying to use it to make a slice of cheese . It needs to be much more rigid than it is . When it does actually cut , the slices it makes are nearly transparent . Way too thin.Spend a little more money and get something that 's made out of rigid steel and does n't flex and bend all over when trying to use it . Big let down .
 I loved this the first few times I used it -- very thin consistent slices of hard cheese . But then it started bending -LRB- in the neck between handle and slicing face -RRB- . Hard to slice a piece of cheese when it 's bending backwards on you . Am going to look for a slicer that has a sturdier looking neck/handle .
 I received this for a gift . It worked well for a couple of months , but is not made to last . Because the metal connecting to the handle is flimsy , it flexes and bends slightly with use . After less than 4 months , mine broke cleanly in half . My previous cheese planes lasted for many years , only to be discarded after getting dull.After sending an email to OXO , they replied quickly and offered to replace the item.Pros
 This bends - and bends and feels like it will soon just break off . Now because it bends so much , it does not cut well anymore . I would not buy this product again , and I do n't recommend it either .
 I used it for the first time last night . Worked well as far as the pounding part but I put it in the dishwasher and it came out dull with lots of gray stuff rubbing off . That is why I replaced my old one that had belonged to my mother . If you ca n't put a meat pounder in the dw what good is it .
 I love OXO utensils and have many of them . But I looked for quite a while for a meat tenderizer and missed the review that said not to put this tenderizer in the dishwasher . Pound raw meat ; wash it in the dishwasher in hot water , right ? The tenderizer I was replacing was aluminum . Now this one looks like old aluminum -- it 's gray and nasty looking . Not something I paid extra for to get stainless steel . It 's totally not up to par with the usual OXO utensils .
 It can NOT be BOTH brushed stainless steel handle AND 1 piece aluminum construction . Read the reviews , it does n't survive the dishwasher so it IS aluminum and it is NOT stainless steel . The picture clearly shows 1 piece construction , which is aluminum .
 We own many OXO products , all of them excellent , until now . No question this pounder/tenderizer does a great job , especially on chicken breasts , and has the comfortable `` Good Grip '' . However , the fact that it must be hand-washed is a major deficiency , particularly in our household . I learned the hard way that it is not dishwasher safe , i.e. the first time in the dishwasher the metal turned dark and dull . I was fully prepared to live with the discoloration , but after a couple more times in the dishwasher , I was pounding chicken -LRB- using the flat side -RRB- when I noticed grey ` smears ' on the chicken . The metal was actually transferring a grey residue to the meat , which I can only assume to be ALUMINUM residue since the metal part is solid aluminum . It also came off on my fingers when I rubbed them across the pounder . Since ingesting aluminum is not really a good thing , it went directly into the trash bag.Sorry OXO , you 'll have to make this product dishwasher safe before I can recommend it or buy it again.UPDATE
 This does the job fine , but if I had it to do over again , I would have gotten an all stainless one . Not being able to put this in the dishwasher is a huge drawback . My two favorite words are `` dishwasher safe , '' but to not be able to put something that touches raw poultry in the diswasher is insult to injury . I am pricing others and it looks like I 'll be dropping at least $ 18 .
 Bought this Oxo product based on its looks and reviews . Was I ever disappointed . A piece of junk ! Top broke off the 2nd time used . Once it breaks , you can see the poor quality aluminum used in this product . Just another piece of Chinese junk in the garbage . I should have kept the warrenty for something like this . Will be buying a stainless commerical one now ...
 Made the mistake of putting OXO Good Grips Meat Tenderizer in the dishwasher . I was getting ready to use it and noticed gray smudging on my fingers . Then I rubbed my fingers along the face of it and metal powder was coming off of it ! I thought it was made of lead or pewter since I 've never seen aluminum come off so easily . Since this was n't the first time it 's seen the dishwasher , I began to wonder how much of this stuff I 've ingested . I would not recommend this to anyone . I 'm throwing mine out . Be careful not to put it in the dishwasher , better yet , find one that 's stainless steel .
 Like many of the reviewers noted , this piece of equipment is not really suited for the job . The blades are rather flimsy and not sharp enough to roll/cut typical herbs such as parsley and basil . Generally the roller minces and crushes the herbs into a wadded ball . In addition , a significant portion of the herbs rolls up inside the safety cover - creating a fair amount of wasted product .
 The tool really is good for nothing ! the blades were dull and the herbs just became a stringy mess !
 I only used it twice before it hit the trash can . For one , the plastic top cracked . For two , it only bruised and smashed the herbs . It was okay for some herbs , like rosemary . But any herbs that have moisture in them were justed smashed . I 'm back to using old faithfull , a good chefs knife .
 The Oxo rolling mincer is lacking one important feature
 As an avid cook , I 'm always looking for time-saving utensils . This one , however , was a big disappointment . I tried the mincer on several different herbs , and it was unable to cut any of them , even the ones I had firmed up by soaking in cold water . While I usually like OXO products , I can not recommend this one .
 ... really , I did . I am a loyal Oxo customer and nearly everything in my kitchen is from either the Good Grips or the SteeL product line . I was really excited to use this on the fresh herbs I grew in my garden ... but it just flat out does n't work . It pains me to give an Oxo product only one star , but honestly , the thing is worthless . I 'd give it zero stars if I could . Even apart from the fact that the blades do absolutely nothing , it 's also extremely difficult to re-assemble it after you take it apart to clean it . It 's really just a big disappointment on multiple levels and it 's currently taking up space in my drawer .
 This thing is totally useless . You could roll it over a lime leaf or basil for 10 minutes and not even make one slice . It really does merely `` bruise '' your herbs ! I find it very hard to believe that OXO tried using this in a test kitchen before marketing it . AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL !
 The OXO Miner does not mince . It only bruised basil and parsley . We are still trying to find out what we can use it for .
 ITALIAN PARSLEY JUST BRUISED INSTEAD OF CUT . CHIVES AND BASIL DID NOT FAIR AS WELL EITHER . I DID N'T WANT TO RUIN ANY OTHER HERBS SO I JUST STOPPED THERE . THE CONCEPT SEEMED SO GREAT AND I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND A PRODUCT THAT WOULD HELP WITH SUCH A TEDIOUS TASK UNTIL I TRIED IT .
 Maybe the micer I received had dull blades , but it would not cut through leaves of fresch basil ! I tired several times with pressure and on different surfaces , but it only made dents in it and I ended up cutting it with my knife . I am going to buy a mezzaluna and return this thing !
 Like all OXO products , this is ergonomic . However , it has the slight flaw that it does n't actually mince herbs . Tried it with parsely , a fairly durable herb that slices easily . The herb mincer managed to slice through some of the leaves on top , but left a layer of mutilated leaves underneath ! It did not matter how hard I pushed , the bruised leaves would not cut ! Even if it did work the wheels are not closely spaced enough to mince ; I would describe it as closer to chopped . You will be much better off with a sharp knife than with this worse than useless product . I returned mine the same day .
 This utensil is not able to cut various types of herbs . It does not work with basilicum , it does not work with cilantro either . Perhaps it works with parsley ? I did not even care to try anymore . If you have small quantities of herbs to cut , better put them in a mug and cut with a pair of kitchen scissors . If you have big quantities to cut , a cook 's knife or a mezzaluna are better alternatives . One gadget less in your kitchen drawer !
 it simply does n't do the job . only bruises the herbs . i normally love oxo products , but this one is a disappointment .
 This two piece knife set is one of the first knive sets I ever purchased . At first I thought the mini chef was great and the parer so so . In time , the handles came off both and I tossed them because the handles kepts slipping off and that 's not safe.Now , I love knives and have the finest forged German and French knives . I 've come to appreciate knive quality and this is not it . These knives do not have a full tang or a bolster . They are pressed junk in an ergonomic rubber grib . It 's like they stuck a cheap knife in a kitchen utensil handle.Instead of this junk , look at a low end set of Farberware knives . Be sure and get the `` FORGED '' set . Most Farberware is not forged but the forged stuff seems to always win best buy in Consumer Reports . If you do n't want to spend the 50-70 bucks for the Farberware Forged line go for some low end Sabatier pressed or drop forged knives -LRB- all made in China not France at this price range -RRB- or Henkels Eversharp -LRB- pressed but dishwasher safe -RRB- for probaby fifty to under twenty monetary units .
 For the most part , I 've enjoyed my Good Grips utensils . The mini chef knife was easy to handle and very sharp at first . However the blade became dull after a short period of very light use . Now it 's even showing rust spots ! I can only think OXO used poor quality steel in this knife for it to have deteriorated so quickly .
 My Son , who is a Culinary graduate , purchased a set of OXO knives for me as a gift . I know they were not inexpensive . However , within a year , three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use . While the grips are quite nice , the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen . They should be removed from the market . In all three cases , the blades flipped upwards during slicing .
 Sorry to disagree with other reviewers , but my experience of the paring knife was that it 's perhaps the softest metal I 've ever seen used in a knife , and as a result , it 's not very sharp and does n't improve if you try sharpening it . My friend , a fellow cook who got it as a gift , does n't like it ; I hated it and would never choose to use it . There 's a reason the price is so low .
 The only reason that I give the mini chef knife -LRB- I have not used the paring knife -RRB- one star is because its size has sometimes come in handy and the blade is extremely sharp.WORDS OF WARNING - &#60; 1 &#62; the grip has a tendency to move/slide while you are using the knife ... do not use this knife to cut anything that would require significant pressure ! &#60; 2 &#62; The back side of the blade is also very sharp ! I have better than average culinary skills and have cut myself twice on the back of this knife . &#60; 3 &#62; Though it is a small , cute knife , only a fool would think that this knife would be a good &#34; junior &#34; knife for a kid who wants to cut and cook like Mommy -LRB- or in my case , Daddy -RRB- .
 I love OXO products and own almost every product , but these knives are very poorly made . I had three sets , and the handles eventually came off on all six knives - very unsafe ! Some handles slipped off , and some snapped off . I 'm surprised OXO is still making and selling these knives , because the poor quality really tarnishes their reputation .
 I own this set and it was a complete waste of money . I was originally attracted to these knives because I own a number of other Oxo Good Grips products and , with the exception of the garlic press -LRB- which has a mediocre design and rubber handles that fall off -RRB- , I have been very pleased with the quality of their products . There are two problems with these knives :1 -RRB- The blades are made from cheap stainless steel that will not take or keep an edge . They are dull to the point of being dangerous and notwithstanding several attempts with my diamond sharpener , could not be made sharp . I would use a serated steak knife before I would use one of these knives .2 -RRB- The handles are very poor in design and construction . They have a portion of rubber ridges that are very soft and so flexible that they prevent obtaining a decent grip on the knife . They also are not shaped in a particularly ergonomic fashion and appear , as other people have commented , as if they would not stay long on the knife under any sort of heavy use.Avoid these knives - there are a multitude of better alternatives out there . Although I have no recommendations for a replacement for the small chef 's knife , I do have a recommendation if you are looking for a good moderately priced paring knife
 Do n't waste your money or your time on this brand of air conditioner . The unit was very noisy & did not cool my small room enough to be worth the hassle ! After only 3 months of Evening use -LRB- 6-8 hours -RRB- the unit quit working all together . Nice huh , I thought so to ! I will stick to well known name brand air conditioners from here on !
 The quality of this set of sheet is terrible !!! Both the flat and fitted sheets pile and they felt like sand paper after the first time I used them . This is not the quality you hope to get with 500 thread count sheets ... Very disapointed !!! Do not buy them !!!
 This is NOT , I repeat , NOT the stick grenade those dirty Germans used against us Good Ol Boys back during Dubya Dubya 2 . This here is for actually mashing potatoes . I was the laughing stock at this year 's Dubya Dubya 2 re-enactment . Luckily I had a fresh whole rabbit with me to distract my platoon as I hid the so-called `` potato masher '' under a large woman 's dress .
 I bought this here masher about two months ago , and I 've been eating mashed potatoes every day , so its gotten some good use . However , I 've found that with such frequent use , the masher is getting a bit mis-shapen . It also started to rust after a few cycles in the washing machine , which was unexpected ! Not sure if I 'm doing something wrong or what , but I was pretty disappointed in this masher . I 'd definitely invest in a better masher in the future !
 The handles , although very cushioned , are TOO fat for my hands -LRB- which admittedly are rather small -RRB- . I never really got to give either piece a true test though , because the blades on the parer and the vegetable peeler were way too dull to work well . I ca n't really recommend either , although the parer was a little better than the peeler .
 Both of these items seem `` cheap '' and not up to OXO quality . The peeler is just passable but the parer was not only dull right out of the package , but immediately rusted and discolored . Not only that , an email to OXO regarding their `` satisfaction guarantee '' has been unanswered for over a month ! Dents my faith in OXO !
 The paring knife has proved quite good , but I can not find strong enough terms to express my disappointment in the peeler . I ca n't understand all the recommendations . It requires an undue amount of pressure to peel at all , digs chunks out of the vegetable and does n't peel smoothly . It feels as though I 've used a rather dull knife instead of a highly recommended kitchen tool . Even my small crew of teenage peelers have opted to use our old one from the grocery store . It has no curved edge to remove eyes and although the handle is very comfortable , it is otherwise useless .
 OXO has been distinguished due to their dramatic and ergonomic handles that give the user a solid grip . For the price shown on this site , you 're getting two average quality products with a nice handle.I am a personal chef , and in my years of working I have had the opportunity to buy and use several different brands including Henkels -LRB- from Germany -RRB- , Wusthof , Sabatier , and Cutco , in addition to many `` bargain '' brands including OXO . To speak frankly of the product , I have been very disappointed . The blades are constructed of a stainless steel , which dull very quickly . Stainless Steel is the softest metal used in knives . Second , like another user mentioned , they do n't do well in dishwashers . Third -LRB- and most important -RRB- , the paring knife is dangerous . In using the paring knife , I found that the handle was too big for my hand . Also , the grip is not a consistent grip or designed ergonomically . I found it very difficult to get a stable hold on the knife while I was using it , and , consequently , had several accidents with it.OXO knives and other products are a bargain , but you will pay for it in the long run because you 'll continually need to replace them.Buying these products is not a deal - they need to be replaced quickly because of their wear . Invest your money in a higher quality set of knives .
 Coating came off on my hands while cutting up brownies I had let cool on rack . Thought it was the rack or the aluminum foil in my baking pan . Could not understand why my hands were turning black . Would not wash off , used a scruffy , used a cleanser and the residue is still on my hands . Also , ingested some of this black , oily film when I ate a few brownies . Contacted company to find out if ingestion of this coating is poisonous . Hope it is a food grade product . Stay away from this product . Very disappointed , we have numerous OXO products in our kitchens .
 This is a fine peeler for many people - the blade is nice and sharp , and it cuts well - but the handle is so fat that it tires my hand almost immediately . Not a good grip !!!
 The ad said oblong not oblong/rectangular so I was not happy.I wonted oblong . I will make it work somehow .
 This is the 2nd time I have tried to order the regular 60x104 inch tablecloth . They keep sending me the 60x104 inch OBLONG tablecloth.Can someone tell me how to actually get what I ordered ????
 Never receipt neither the order , nor the tablecloth nor the napkins . Very irresponsible the sr , blaming me to my of having misled the package . I demand my complete return of my money !!
 I thought that the quality was very poor with many flaws in the material ; also , not a true oval shape-corners are rounded , but ends are straight and not rounded ; should have returned , but did n't take the time
 I am disappointed with this beautiful tablecloth because it has so much polyester in it that it slides all over the table ! When I ordered it the price was right and it is very beautiful . It washes out nicely and does not need ironing but with big kids around -LRB- my husband -RRB- it is just too slippery !
 I decided to purchase this ricer for Thanksgiving last year and was really looking forward to using it . First potato riced , 2nd potato riced , third potato , it broke .
 I normally am a fan of OXO products , but this one is just to flimsy . I bent the flat steel between the handle and the disk the second time using it , now it 's in the trash.My wife had used it maybe a dozen times before me , so maybe for a gentle person it would be fine .
 The soft grips are fine but too much potato escapes out the side of the plunger when in use and as the plunger is released the escaping potato is forced out the top of the ricer and falls in on the riced potato
 Length :
 If you have ever used an older ricer you will toss this one quickly . It does n't have holes in the sides of the basket making it very hard to use . Also the basket is not removable , making it very difficult to clean . There are better ricers on the market or do what I did and buy an old one at an antique mall for $ 5.00 . Works great .
 I do not recommend this product . The copper components are thin , especially the lid . First time I ordered it , the lid came crushed , even though the packaging was intact . Returned it for a replacement . The second one I received had a lid that was not flat and did not seat on the pot . The bolt that holds the band around the ceramic insert pot is unattractive and looks as if it will eventually fail . All in all , I feel that this is a poor quality double boiler and not worth the price .
 It does cool ok -LRB- not the greatest -RRB- but takes a lot of energy . The vent hose gets extremly warm . The water drips into its tank and the sound of the dripping is like a faucet dripping , very annoying . Tank has to be emptied every hour if you do n't want to hear the dripping .
 I bought RS ARP-900E Portable Air Conditioner - 9000 BTU from Fry 's yesterday . It is over $ 400 . Today I am going to return it . Of course , it only takes a few minutes to set up and very easy for anyone to operate it . We set it up and tried for a few hours , and then we feel extremely disappointed . If you live in the South and your room 's temperature reaches 90 F and you wish to use a portable air conditioner to cool the room down , good luck . This product can only cool a little spot where it is pointing . The vent hose gets very hot and you can feel the heat like a little stove behind the air conditioner . So it cools down the air in one spot and heats up the air in another spot of the room . I read a customer 's review before who believed to give it 10 years for the technology to develop . Now , I understand why he/she said that . I 'll say to give it over 15 years for engineers to work on it before it is put on markets .
 This is a poorly made product . After a few months of use , the blade broke off . The handle is hard , brittle plastic covered with soft plastic . The blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit . The results were inevitable . Pure junk .
 I 'm a big fan of most of OXO Good Grips products , but after having purchased two of their knives , this one and the 5 '' mini-chef 's knife , I feel compelled to warn people not to waste their money on OXO knives . To be blunt -LRB- that is the OXO knife 's fate in life - sorry about the pun -RRB- , the quality and intelligent design for which OXO products are well known does not extend to their cutlery line . First , the handles on these knives are a very sloppy ribbed rubber that provides no more firm of a grip than a dog 's rubber squeaky toy . The grips are n't particularly ergonomically shaped , either . Even worse than the grip is the blade itself . Honestly , this knife would have a difficult time cutting cold butter taken straight from the refrigerator . The blades when brand new are dull and have not been ground , sharpened and honed to a useable edge . However , I seriously doubt even a professional knife sharpener could do much with this . Made from cheap stainless steel , this OXO knife 's blade is simply not meant to obtain or keep a sharp edge . Avoid this and buy one of the plastic-handled $ 3-4 Heckels or Victorinox paring knives instead - they are vastly superior and cheaper to boot . Or , for a real change , try one of the Kyocera ceramic paring knives . They are obviously a lot more expenisive , but you still should be able to pick one up for around thirty bucks on Amazon and you will be amazed at how incredibly sharp they are . I was able to slice a section of a grape that was transparent and a mere fraction of a millimeter thick with my Kyocera .
 If you plan to use this a lot , do n't get the Oxo one . Our family is going on it 's fifth one ! The company will gladly replace them , but you have to pay to ship it to them . Granted , we have 7 children and we eat a LOT of apples , so I am sure these would be fine for normal families ... but if you plan to use it a lot , I would recommend one that is all metal instead . BTW , I love all our other Oxo products ... this is the only one with which I have had trouble . It is just poorly designed for continual use .
 Most importantly bits of apple remain wedged between the seams of the blades . Hand washing or dishwasher fail to remove the bits . Having to pick at it with a toothpick or tweezer makes the tool a net time loss . In addition as other reviews stated it does n't cut all the way through on some of the apples . Sending it back !
 center corer too small , dose n't cut all the way threw apple , you have too pick pieces out and pull apart
 Peeled and attempted to divide one apple . It did work but it took a lot of pressure and some rocking of the tool to get it through the apple . Blades are far too dull to use easily . It will not replace my Kitchen Aid Knife
 While the Apple slicer was pretty nice when we first got it , two problems have emerged which make it not the high quality product I had expected . Cracks have appeared at each every point where the blades met the frame , indicating weakening and potential failure . Additionally , the cutting blades have lost their sharpness , so you need to exert a lot of pressure to get through an apple . I 'm worried that applying all this extra pressure will cause it to break in my hands , and potentially slice off a finger!I conacyted OXO about replacment under their warranty , but they want me to box it up and send it to them . It will cost even more time and energy to mail than the product is even worth , so I 'm not sure why the warranty is of any value .
 I bought 2 of these because I eat a lot of apples and pears . Both of them split on the sides within 6 months . These OXO units ` look ' like they are sturdier , better quality than other plastic units , but they are n't . If you use a corer/divider on a regular basis , do n't waste your money on these ; go for an all stainless steel unit instead .
 They both have cracked on the sides where the blades join the plastic . This is not acceptable . I tried a stainless steel model but it is very heavy and not sharp so it needs lots of force . Any other suggestions ? I ca n't keep spending $ 7 for a product that keeps breaking . Oxo are you listening ?
 I was baking an apple pie and thought that this would save me some time . I was really wrong . The center blades are not securely attached to the outer -LRB- very strong -RRB- metal . I pushed too hard and the blades separated from the outer ring and handles . Worse , they were jammed right in the center of the apple -- and I needed that apple!Since I was low on apples it took me quite a while to figure out how to get the blades out . After using a knife to cut the apple away from the many blades I was able to salvage much of it . Needless to say this is not a time saver !
 I guess we have small apples where I am from , because this corer and divider were huge in comparison .
 I love OXO . I thought they could do no wrong . But this apple corer/divider was a waste of money . We had an old stainless steel one without the handles , so I thought this one would work better . It does not work any better at all ! The apple gets stuck in it , and it 's a pain to clean .
 I intended to replace an antique apple corer that I got when my Grandmother died . It was getting dull and because it was flat across the top it was a nuisance to use when making more than one pie . I saw this Oxo unit with the nice offset and I bought it . What a piece of junk . The cutting blades are dull and all it does is leave the core and apple slices attached to a web of uncut apple skin on the cutting board . Unfortunately , I did n't use the item until recently when the apples ripened . Therefore I ca n't return it . Anyone who is happy with this thing got a different one than I did or does n't know what a good one is supposed to do . It 's back to the knuckle-rapping antique for me - at least it cuts . I tossed this piece of junk in the trash a week ago . At least that action had a satisfying feel to it . JUNK . Also , I 'm a chef , so I 've used hundreds of kitchen tools and gadgets . This is one of the worst . DO N'T BUY THIS JUNK . GO TO WALMART .
 why is this designed to not go all the way to the bottom of the apple?it makes it so much more dangerous , since you have to put your fingers near the blades to extract the apple sections and try to force the last 1/2 '' of cut.this is what i get for trying to be lazy when making pies , tarts and turnovers , and not just use a chef 's knife and paring knife -LRB- and maybe a corer with a plunger -RRB- . i 'll be doubly insulted if it starts cracking like a few reviewers have mentioned.to sum it up
 Save your money ! As a long time mango lover I was happy to see this product . After several tries I am no longer happy . If you have a stringy mango it is impossible to cut . If you have a nice firm mango it is hard to cut . It just does not work as it is cumbersome and one is unable to press down on the fruit itself to get it through the cutter . I do not recommend buying the mango corer . -LRB- The picture of the apple corer is not the product reviewed -RRB-
 This was not sharp all the way around , so when you press down it did n't work . It could be I got a defective one . I returned it .
 This item is very sharp and built with good materials . The only flaw is that it does not cut all the way through the apple . It stops just before making the clean cut . You have the pull the core and apple slices apart .
 I loved using this item to cut apples for our school lunch boxes . But it broke after about a dozen uses ; maybe the apple was a little harder .
 This apple slicer lasted through 2 apples before coming apart in my hands . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I was expecting better quality from an OXO product but the plastic on this product was not up to the task . It did last a bit longer than another plastic corer and divider I used . I am moving on to an all-metal one that can also handle larger apples than the OXO .
 I find these apple slicers a bit hard to use in general but after a year , the plastic is cracking on the frame . Tough to use with hard apples like Granny Smith
 ok so i bought this for my dad , since he cooks all the time . This product was very hard to use :-LRB- its so much easier to just cut an apple into slices , rather than having to try and use this difficult contraption . -LRB- it took forever to push it down all the way , and even when i finally got it , it did n't cut all the way through -RRB- . dont waste your money !
 It cuts the apple but it does n't cut all the way through it . I really dislike this corer . I wish I never bought it .
 I thought that the quality was very poor with many flaws in the material ; also , not a true oval shape-corners are rounded , but ends are straight and not rounded ; should have returned , but did n't take the time
 This is the 2nd time I have tried to order the regular 60x104 inch tablecloth . They keep sending me the 60x104 inch OBLONG tablecloth.Can someone tell me how to actually get what I ordered ????
 Never receipt neither the order , nor the tablecloth nor the napkins . Very irresponsible the sr , blaming me to my of having misled the package . I demand my complete return of my money !!
 The ad said oblong not oblong/rectangular so I was not happy.I wonted oblong . I will make it work somehow .
 I am disappointed with this beautiful tablecloth because it has so much polyester in it that it slides all over the table ! When I ordered it the price was right and it is very beautiful . It washes out nicely and does not need ironing but with big kids around -LRB- my husband -RRB- it is just too slippery !
 I was really excited to order this item , but it arrived broken . Amazon was great when I reported this and was prompt to replace it . The replacement was also broken upon arrival . Amazon refunded my money .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 Brush arrived in damaged condition . Contacted supplier who responded with vague comment , but did not send replacement or suggest method for doing so . Very unsatisfactory outcome , and calls into question Amazon 's quality control of suppliers . Sincerely , Cal Brown .
 This brush did n't last a month . The bristles are too soft and become deformed . I last used it when I steamed cleaned my barbeque grill and then tossed it .
 I owned this brush briefly , but threw it out because the bristles got all bunched up and smashed . I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 How nice it would have been if Oxo had designed the locking mechanism so that you could open it the way you do garden shears , with the flick of a finger from the hand that 's holding the shears.Instead , every time I reach for my Oxo scissors , I have to use two hands
 I had these , and donated them to the thrift store , because the red locking tab kept falling into the closed position , which blocked the scissors from closing all the way and cutting properly.Great concept , very poor execution.Not recommended .
 These are not suitable as kitchen shears . While they will cut many things , including chicken , they rust . You 'd have to oil them up after every use , and since they do not come apart -LRB- not purposefully -RRB- , they are not easy to clean . You could toss them in the dishwasher , but say hello to rust in no time.Some have commented on the locking system , if you hold them upside down first , you can easily `` flick '' the lock off one handed , but you 'd then have to reverse them to use them . So unlocking them is not a two handed affair , but eventually you 'll have to pass them off from one hand to the other , or flip them around `` gunslinger '' style for one handed operation.While these are very comfortable scissors , I 'd pass on these for a solid pair of poultry shears that come apart for easy cleaning . Now for cutting paper and being a pair of craft scissors outside of the kitchen , these scissors are great for that purpose . But a pair of scissors that rust easily does not belong in the kitchen .
 These scissors came as a set with other Oxo items and while the other items -LRB- cheese grater , vegetable peeler , ice cream scoop , and jar opener -RRB- functioned as they suppose to , the scissors has become a frustrating experience . For example , the red locking clip that keeps the scissors closed -LRB- scissor is based on a spring lock system -RRB- has not functioned properly and cutting anything has become a vexing challenge .
 I bought these scissors for myself and liked them so much that I bought more for bridal showers . They make a nice gift when paired with the OXO soft handled vegetable peeler.They are easy to use , comfortable to hold and nice and sharp . The locking mechanism is handy as well . The price is very reasonable . However after a year , I am having a problem with the spring that is key to the scissors periodically falling out . I have to put the scissors down and replace it . So I have lowered my rating to 2 stars . The vegetable peeler still rates 5 stars .
 I normally like Oxo products , but these fell apart almost immediately and I could n't figure out how to put them back together . Complete waste of money .
 PROS
 I usually like OXO products but this one is terrible . They are awkward , not sharp , and the spring mechanism does n't work most times . After you make one cut you have to use both hands to pull the blades apart . Useless for cutting up chicken .
 The most serious problem with these scissors is that the red locking clip wo n't stay open . If you do n't hold the scissors exactly upright , the clip flips to closed position while the scissors are open . This gives your hand a good jar when you expect to close the scissors all the way but hit the clip half-way through your cut.I could have solved this problem by breaking the clip off and living with the fact that the scissors could n't be locked shut if it were n't for the second problem -- the scissors just do n't cut that well.Most of what I cut is packaging -- plastic wrap , cellophane , cardboard . The OXO scissors will cut through single sheets of paper , but when it comes to getting into a package of plastic-wrapped meat these scissors literally ca n't hack it.Do yourself a favor . Kitchen scissors are important , so splurge on a decent pair . I replaced the OXO scissors with a pair from Wusthof . The Wusthof scissors are n't spring-loaded and they cost more , but they 're a dream to use .
 I have never been able to use these . On the first try the two halves split apart . Unlike the previous reviewer , mine will not hold tegether long enough for use . I keep trying to fix them but to no avail . Very disappointing as the handles are well made . It 's a pity they just do n't work .
 After a month of trying to use these for poultry I tossed them . The first time I used them the nut holding the blades together loosened . If you know scissors , once this starts you might as well forget it . After one cut I would have to try to tighten the thing , usually with hands greasy from handling the bird . Oxo grip products are hit and miss . Some I like , but others are just turkeys .
 This pair of scissors is mediocre at best . I can see it 's value for those with arthritic hands , with the easy to grasp , spring loaded handles.The pair I had was very poorly put together . The spring which keeps the scissors open kept dislodging and flying across the room . The nut and bolt holding the blades together would also come undone intermittently . I fixed the problem by melting the plastic around the spring , permanently fixing it into place and by tightenign the bolts.My advice is to spend a little more money and get a pair of Henckels scissors , which are much sturdier . The blades also can be separated for easy cleaning -LRB- there are no nuts and bolts to become loose either -RRB- .
 I received these shears as a gift . Shortly after the first use , the shears came apart . I looked in the drawer and found all the pieces and reassembled the shears . The middle screw is loose and does n't completely tighten . Every time before I use the shears , I have to tighten the screw . After one time in the dishwasher , the metal spring was rusted . I 'm shopping for new shears .
 I purchased these kitchen scissors based on the Oxo brand name . They worked great the first couple of times , but dulled very quickly . Also , I experienced the same problem as other reviewers , where the red latch will try to close during use . With a toddler into everything at home , I like the safety feature of the latch , but it 's very awkward during use . Finally , cleaning these scissors leaves much to be desired . The blades do n't come apart , so the only way to really get them clean is in the dishwasher . After about three washes , I noticed some rust spots on the blades ! I 'm going to follow the advice of other reviewers , and spend a little extra money for a better product .
 This pair of scissors is mediocre at best . I can see it 's value for those with arthritic hands , with the easy to grasp , spring loaded handles.The pair I had was very poorly put together . The spring which keeps the scissors open kept dislodging and flying across the room . The nut and bolt holding the blades together would also come undone intermittently . I fixed the problem by melting the plastic around the spring , permanently fixing it into place and by tightenign the bolts.My advice is to spend a little more money and get a pair of Henckels scissors , which are much sturdier . The blades also can be separated for easy cleaning -LRB- there are no nuts and bolts to become loose either -RRB- .
 I 've had this grater for quite a while , I bought it because I normally love the OXO products . This one , however is a bad design . It has cracked in multiple areas on the white plastic sides from the pressure of pushing the item , mostly cheese in my case . I normally love OXO , but avoid this item ... go with a box grater .
 Worked fine in the beginning but after about six months the plastic cracked . I 'm buying an all metal grater this time .
 Ours is cracked in several places after being barely used . It is extremely poor quality , I 'm so surprised to see it still for sale .
 I thought this grater would be very easy to use . I really like the design of the grater and the grip on the top . It was easy to set on the side of a bowl and grate right into it . But it broke within the first two weeks of using it . The plastic cracked and broke making it impossible to use . I would not recomend buying this grater . Spend your money on something that will last .
 I bought one of these , thinking that the price is pretty reasonable . I got what I paid for.When you try to slide out the grater , so that you can clean inside of the ridges that hold the two plates into place , it 's awkward , because you have to align it just so , or else it wo n't come out . I 'd toss it in the dishwasher after using it . After the first round -LRB- we do n't use the drying cycle , because it costs so much electricity -RRB- , it came out with multiple cracks along the side . A couple months later , the plastic underneath the fine grater broke off . That made it so that the black piece up top is absolutely useless , because now it wo n't rest comfortably on the table . Then , the wide side broke.I went to walmart , and got an $ 8 box grater . That thing is solid .
 It lasted just about a month before cracking and breaking . Also , because it 's an oddly shaped thing , it does n't like to sit firmly on the counter or cutting board . Get a solid box grater , and skip this trash .
 I purchased one of these because it looked like it might save some space . It broke along the sides at the corner of the metal after only light use . Save your money and do n't buy this .
 This grater came highly recommended , but broke within three weeks ... . the plastic broke so one side would no longer slide into the handle . I wrote to the company and they sent me another one . THAT one broke too within a couple of months . I still use it as a separate grater , but the triangle formation will not work any longer . A surprising and disappointing purchase !
 It would have been wonderful if this grater had lasted - I really liked the idea of grating into a bowl . However , the design is such that cracks quickly develop where stress is placed on the plastic housing around the metal grate . Not only did two of mine break , but I 've spotted these in thrift stores with similar breaks . The first time mine broke , I had it replaced under Oxo 's lifetime warranty policy -LRB- which requires you to pay to ship your defective item back -RRB- . The 2nd time , I asked to upgrade to a box grater -LRB- and I asked if I could substitute a digital photo of my broken grater , since this was my 2nd broken grater -RRB- ; as a goodwill gesture , customer service sent me a free box grater -LRB- which works very well -RRB- without requiring me to ship anything back or send a photo . So the grater gets 1 star and customer service 4 stars .
 I purchased the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater back when I was first outfitting my kitchen . At the time , I really disliked box graters because they 're hard to clean and once you use it , you could n't use any of the other sides later without cleaning the entire thing.So , I bought this multi grater because it 's easier to clean than a box grater and you can take apart each side and use them individually . The grater is quite sharp and worked well with hard cheeses as well as soft . After a couple of years of use , the side with larger grating holes broke . The plastic surrounding the metal grate snapped . Now the other side is starting to go . All in all , it was a decent purchase but did n't stand the test of time like I would have liked . I 'm starting to rethink the box grater idea .
 I bought this from a retail store , but I wish I had found these reviews first . After about 6 months the plastic cracked and soon I will need to buy a new grater .
 I normally like all of Oxo 's products and this started out as a real favorite . However in less than 6 months , the plastic cracked on the side by the handle making it unsafe to use . I recommend you keep looking and not waste your money on this until they design it with considerable more durability
 as an oxo-ite , i usually trust the OXO brand for quality ; but no more.this multi grater broke - the plastic holding the large grate cracked into pieces on the lower left corner . almost as disappointing as my recent stock portfolio performance.their materials engineer , possibly a former AIG credit-default-swap analyst , needs to be sent back to engineering school for re-education . or mark the product - `` Safely Use Only with Velveeta or Tofu `` caveat emptor , oxo-ites . long live MicroPlane !
 This would be a wonderful little kitchen tool if the plastic sides did not break within a few months . It is very sharp , perfect for those little grating jobs where you do n't want to haul out the food processor . OXO replaced this once for me and the new one started cracking within a month . I only used it for cheddar , as noted by another reviewer and it still broke soon . I will not buy this one again and think that OXO should take it off the market .
 For parmesan cheese , lemon rind and fine delicate grating , I swear by my Microplane zester and grater . I have another shredder from Williams Sonoma that is extremely sturdy but must either be held at an angle over paper/plate or across a bowl flat , and that 's sometimes awkward . I thought the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater would be different than my box grater because it would be more structurally sound , have a better handle , collapse and take up less space , and mainly because I 'm very pleased with the brand.Wrong . This has fallen apart after falling into the plate many times . The plastic has cracked on both sides , so the fact that it 's collapsible makes me wonder if they were referring to the material and not the design . The blades have remained sharp but it 's going to be recycled today because it simply does n't hold up to the task .
 This grates well , stores well , disassembles for easy cleaning , and is dishwasher safe , BUT IT BREAKS EASILY ! It 's made of cheap material that cracks , leaving it unsafe . I recommend buying a sturdier product . If it did n't work well in the beginning , I would 've given it a one . This product inevitably breaks within a short period of time . It 's not worth the purchase .
 Most of the OXO products hold up but this grater broke grating cheddar cheese . After writing this review , I 'm going to order an all metal grater .
 A good idea , but after only a few uses , the plastic started cracking and finally just broke completely .
 This looked like a good solution to the ever-vexing problem of storage , but it turned out to be a waste of money . It started to fall apart from the first use . Now it 's just another piece of junk that 's going in the trash can ... splintered plastic , bent metal and all . OXO 's box grater is a far better choice .
 I liked that it folded for storage , but -- now that the plastic has cracked -- there is no need to store it . Bad bad grater .
 We 've tried a few of these because they look like they would be more comfortable to hold and use , and stronger , than the more common and less expensive stamped stainless steel variety . And they are ... until the plastic gives way , and only one side remains useable . A beefier design could make this potentially good product into a good product . Until it 's redesigned , spend your money elsewhere .
 Although I like the design -- especially the non-skid feet -- I 'm ultimately very disappointed in this grater . Like other reviewers , I 've found that after less than six weeks of use , the plastic has started cracking.Contrary to what other reviewers have said , however , you CAN separate the two halves of the grater for cleaning or storage , but I was disappointed by how you can barely spread the grater 's feet out more than a few inches ... I wish it had a full range of movement . As it is , you can only position the feet about 4 inches apart . I was hoping for a wider foot print for things like quesadillas.Overall , a disappointing product . Neat design , bad materials .
 I loved my new grater for a few months -- until the plastic on one side split , meaning it no longer stands up on its own , and the broken side can not be used . What a pity it was n't more sturdy ! All I ever grated with it was cheddar , so it 's not as if I used it for anything too hard .
 I too have experienced the plastic cracking and breaking . Would not buy another .
 After having this grater for a couple of years , the plastic frame started cracking in several places and finally broke altogether . The grater was n't mistreated -- dishwasher cleaning was okay per the instructions , and excessive force was n't used in grating . It 's just a faulty combination of design and materials used . I 'm surprised to see OXO still has them on the market . I 'm not quite sure if the `` Satisfaction Guarantee '' covers this kind of problem , but I 'm certainly not satisfied . With the time that 's passed , it 's unclear where the item was purchased -LRB- maybe even a gift -RRB- so how to pursue the warranty is unclear . I look a lot more carefully now if/when I buy an OXO product . I certainly do n't recommend this one .
 The only good thing about this grater is that it does n't take a lot of space , but after using it few times it cracked on the bottom .
 This thing kept falling apart when I grated with it . It finally developed little cracks on the side that turned into big ones . Then it went kaput and snapped . The only good things about it are the non-skid rubber footings .
 When we got this grater , it was nice , the grip is nice . It is hard to fit in a bowl , so we used a plate . Now the plastic has broken , the plastic is very thin , and apparently this item was not made to last . I have always thought of Oxo as being a good product , but lately several Oxo items have been junk.Do yourself a favor , and get an all metal one , with no plastic to break .
 Who care about a review for multi grater ? I think it is fine , although I had one that was much cheaper and was more stable , unfortunately it broke so I bought this one because I am low on space and I like things that fold up and go away . How much do I really grate cheese ? Not that much plus cheese is full of fat , something I am avoiding as my waistline expands . But on the off chance I need a grater this one works fine .
 I bought it because I thought the design was innovative and useful . It grated OK a few times , but the plastic frame holding the metal grate cracked at the corners and eventually broke .
 The framing cracked after 6 months of use . Unacceptable .
 I bought my grater because I have always liked other OXO products - but I was disappointed . I was never able to actually take the thing apart for the so-called `` easy cleaning , '' and it broke very quickly . I think I had it for a year before it started cracking -LRB- with low usage - maybe used 20 times . Maybe . -RRB- When it did work , it grated well . But I returned it and got an old-fashioned box grater instead . I 'm much happier with that , knowing that the stainless steel will not break anytime in the near future !
 Mine did break too . I ended up buying a box grater soon after I bought this one . When I did use it I was more worried about cutting my self because it was so unstable . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this product !
 DO NOT BUY THIS . It breaks in 4 places on the large hole shredder side even with light pressure and soft cheeses like brie . Only moderately hard cheeses like cheddar or moderate pressure will breaks it after very little use , as mine did , and which I had to repair with super-glue . The plastic is poor quality -LRB- i.e. , too weak for intended use and this design -RRB- and the design is faulty -LRB- too little plastic aroun each metal shred grid -RRB- . Best to buy an old style handle-at-top all-metal one at thrift store or Goodwill rather than this extemely poor product . A complete waste of money and time , in repairs . OXO usually makes fine products . This is not one of them .
 I had my grater for about a year , and washed it by hand the whole time , never in a dishwasher , and the cheap plastic cracked and soon completely fell apart . I thought that the collapsable design would be great , but I think that I would prefer a sturdy box grater any day . I love oxo , but what a waste of money .
 My wife and I have had very good experiences with OXO products , and after handling this grater in a store we expected to continue that experience.However , after a very short period of use -LRB- we use a grater every day for grating cheese - both hard and firm - for personal use -RRB- the plastic frame began to crack and disintegrate , rendering the grater useless .
 I am usually a fan of OXO products but I have noticed lately that they are not as good as they used to be with shoddy execution or questionable workmanship . I , like everyone else , was hoping this would be the solution to my storage issues with graters but it proved useless less than a year later and with little use to stress the thing out -LRB- almond paste and cheddar cheese were the only things I used it for -RRB- . It developed cracks in the plastic that are impossible to repair . Also , I do not think this is a good grater for the supposed market of arthritic people - it can be difficult to put together.So , in short , it stinks for those suffering pain in their hands and for those who cook . Save your money and just buy a KitchenAid grater .
 I originally got this grater about two years ago and gave it a very good rating based on the ease of use and cleaning ; however , I am amending my opinion after having small cracks appear in the plastic beside both grating surfaces . These cracks quickly grew bigger until finally the item is unusable.I guess for the low price you can buy a new one every couple of years but really , a kitchen tool should last longer than a year or two . I 'd rather pay more and have it last . It seems that many people have been having this same problem.Good design . Flawed execution . This will make me think twice before buying an OXO product again !
 I have enjoyed OXO products in the past , so when my last grater failed , I decided to try the OXO grater . Unfortunately , the plastic broke in less than a month . It was also a bit clumsy to use . Why are n't there more choices made entirely of stainless steel , in easy to store shapes ?
 I was considering this grater , based on the overall quality of the OXO line of gadgets and the ease of storage , until I had a chance to view it at a local brick and morter store . The concept is a good idea , but , when open , the grater does not sit and stay in a stable manner . I would be hard conviced that during a grating process that the whole thing would not collapse . Did not impress me as the safest tool to be using.Couple that with the fact that for the serious cook , you are limited in your choices of different grate and slice sizes , I would not recommend this item . There are better choices , with more functions and a stable footing out there .
 Do not buy this item unless you do not mind replacing it in 3 months . The plastic quickly broke after only few months use the handle is no longer good and I would absolutely not buy this item again !!
 This grater was nice , but it is not constructed well . The plastic housing around the metal graters cracked within a year of minimal use . It was difficult to clean . And as others have said , it would have been better if it spread wider than it does . I typically love OXO products , but I have replaced this one with a solid steel grater . If you 're looking for a grater that will last , look elsewhere .
 Very poorly designed !!! Extremely weak along the edges !! Cracked after a couple uses!Doesn ' t Oxo have a quality control department and test their own products?There 's no excuse for selling complete junk like this , it boarders on fraud!Oxo , you 're ruining your name!Two thumbs down !!!!
 I put this grater on my wedding registry because I liked the fold-up , space-saving , and ergo-friendly design . BIG MISTAKE ! Where do I begin ? First , it tries to fold up while you 're grating cheese , which is downright annoying , so I started using it unassembled , which worked for a very short while until it cracked -LRB- about the 5th time I used it -RRB- . Then it cracked more . And more . And more , until all that was left was the metal grating plate . Even though it hurts to hold it while grating , and it 's highly inconvenient , I 've been using it this way for 4 years now , since I refuse to buy a new grater until I 'm sure I find one that wo n't fall apart like this one . And because , believe it or not , the metal grater itself , is really perfect . I just wish they 'd found a housing for it that actually works !
 I was disappointed that this grater only lasted for a couple of weeks . At first it broke into two pieces , so I could only use one half -LRB- even when it stood upright as pictured , it never did stay open or grip the counter - it was never stable , and either closed or fell down while grating -RRB- . Then I was left with a flat grater that was difficult to use . The piece that was left cracked on the corners , and broke apart within a couple of uses . Usually Oxo makes great products . This is not a good product . Save your money and buy a different model grater . You will be happier with an all metal model for sure !
 I was looking for a grater that was easy to clean . This one seems like a good idea ... until it collapses on you . The sides do n't spread apart far enough , so it is unstable and without proper pressure it folds up . With proper pressure it works until the plastic breaks . I 'm surprised Oxo designed this . I 'll be going back to the old fashion `` box '' style grater .
 Plastic broke within a couple uses . I learned to read reviews before buying , even if the brand seems reliable .
 I had hopes when I bought this one , as I have usually had success with OXO products.Sadly , this grater was not one of those successes . I did n't pay a lot for it , around $ 10 and it lasted about 6 months . But the plastic gave way on the sides , so now I only have the side that is for finer grating . Which I do n't do that often . The cracks start at the corners of the steel grating piece and eventually they just break completely.It needs a stronger design and then it would be much better .
 I have owned many other Oxo products and purchased this based on my satisfaction with those items . However , the Multi-Grater failed miserably . Within weeks of moderate use , the plastic shell cracked . I continued to use it gingerly for several more weeks until the entire product snapped in half . Not recommended at all .
 I like the design of this grater
 I LOVE Oxo 's Good Grips products , so I had high hopes for this cheese grater . After only a few uses , the plastic casing cracked , making it unstable & difficult to use . Pass on this grater & go for one with more metal .
 A Duvet generally should have fillings in it -LRB- very similar to a comforter -RRB- and that is what I thought when I bought this . However this turned out to be a Duvet cover and I promptly returned this back to Amazon . Hence all buyers should be aware of this before they buy this .
 We loved our Oxo Rotary Cheese Grater until it befell the same fate that many others have reported
 I had a Zyliss grater that lasted for many years . I usually like OXO products , so I was eager to try this grater as a replacement . It is much clumsier to use . Worse , the plastic piece that holds the cheese close to the grating drum broke off completely during normal use . I would not recommend purchasing this item , as its quality does not warrant carrying the usually-excellent OXO label .
 Was hoping for a better product from OXO . Worked good at first , but after a couple months use it all began to crack and fall apart . Like so many warranted items , when the warranty period ends , it ends up breaking soon after . Really a waste of money . Do n't bother !
 I had the same problem that others have written about
 My thumb joints hurt after I use this grater . It is hard to hold and to operate . Do not buy .
 I was under the assumption that this grater was a full size grater and suitable for all types of cheeses . It is extremely small and only grates hard cheeses such as parmesean . What a bummer .
 I received one of these cheese graters for Christmas this year . By May it was broken . The plastic at the bottom of the barrel cracked and a piece broke off . I also missed having the two different sized barrels that I had in my old cheese grater . It 's back to Pampered Chef for me !
 I did n't have this grater very long before the handle broke . Up until then I really liked it . I liked the tray to collect crumbs or for storing extra cheese . I just wish it was sturdier . I wo n't buy it again , the life span should be longer than one month !
 We bought two of these and they both broke in the same way
 I must say I was very dissapointed with this product . I got to use it about 4 times when it broke during the cutting of a piece of cheese.I hope this is not representative of all of these cutters . But I do n't intend to try one again.To return it and look for a refund would cost more in time and postage than the item costsw
 I loved this cheese slicer until if fell on the floor ONCE . The handle -LRB- looks like it has metal inside but its all plastic -RRB- snapped right off . OXO is getting real good at making junk look good , but do n't be fooled -- its still just junk .
 After using this for a couple of months , the wire has stretched and this slicer has become unusable . Save yourself the trouble and do what I ended up doing - go to Target and buy a nice , heavy slicer with adjustable width and screws to tighten the wire should it stretch . It will set you back less then 10 bucks . When I think of how many thousands of these slicers will end up in the garbage ; OXO should be ashamed of themselves for creating a product like this .
 I was very disappointed with this cheese slicer -- the wire broke after about the fourth use . I have always had good experiences with Oxo and was very surprised .
 I should have checked out other reviews because Oxo makes another item almost identical to this that has more bad reviews than you can shake a stick at . I bought this to replace another wire cheese slicer I got in a supermarket years ago that was starting to show its ' age . I 'm glad I did n't throw it away when this came , because I 'm back to using it after about a week . Like all Oxo products I 've had this looked and felt great , and like all of them it worked great as well ... at first . Unfortunately , like a few Oxo products , this was not very well built . The design , ergonomics and function were all first class , but it broke after about a week . The wire snapped out and there is no way to replace it . Some of the better wire slicers have screws in the handle to allow the user to replace broken or loose wires , some even come with replacement wires , but not this one . I 'm really dissapointed because Oxo makes some really wonderful products , but they also turn out a real turkey every now and then and this is one of them . Do n't buy it !
 The first couple of times I used this cheese slicer , the wire stretched out , making the slices thicker than they 're supposed to be . Today I finally cut through a hard hunk of sharp cheddar and POP - the wire broke . For $ 20 , I expect more . Next time I 'll buy a non-wire cheese slicer . VERY disappointed as I expect more of OXO .
 As advertised , the grip on this cheese slicer looks more than adequate . However , I was very disappointed when I was not able to adjust the width of the head on the slicer . If you want to slice thin slices of cheese , this is not the cheese slicer for you . You will be able to slice only one width and it is a thick width .
 We 've never been anything but pleased with the OXO products we 've purchased in the past . The garlic press , for example , is so sturdy it 'll likely outlive us all . Unfortunately I bought this slicer in a store , not on Amazon where I 'd have read the reviews and known better than to waste my money . It looks hearty enough to pound nails , but in our experience it was barely up to cutting cheese . We probably sliced three dozen pieces of Tillamook cheddar with this thing before that wire snapped like a cheap guitar string . The sad part of it is that you can replace a guitar string . You ca n't replace this wire . No screws . No way to adjust tension . Do n't do what I did and assume it 's worth the few extra bucks because it looks solid . Without the wire slicer it 's just a cheese roller and I 'm not sure what use anyone has for one of those .
 Like in the other reviews , the wire broke after only a few uses . I just emailed OXO and asked for a replacement . I hope they honor the satisfaction garantee !
 My cheese cutter has already broken . :--LRB- Is there any way to get a replacement for it ? I really liked it until it broke . : - -LRB-
 Appears to be a quality product , but wire stretches after a few months . If it came with a dozen extra wires , it might be a good deal .
 I bought this cheese slicer for my husband for Christmas . He had one that recently broke , that he had for several years.He opened it on Christmas Day , and the wire broke this morning , Saturday , January 5 , 2013 . Now , we have to replace it .
 This is nice looking and well made ... with one exception . The wires break after very little use . I have two of these and have used them no more than half a dozen times -LRB- on medium to soft cheeses -RRB- each when the cutter wires broke . The rip off is that the replacement wires by the manufaturer cost another $ 14.00 for just three wires . Somebody 's making some money here
 I used my cheese slicer about 3 times and the wire pulled out of one end . Do n't buy this slicer !
 I also had to throw mine in the trash . After several uses , the wire stretches to the point that it wo n't stay tight anymore . It slips off the side of the slicer and is perfectly useless . I normally love OXO products , but this one is a clear miss .
 I thought this was a good slicer until I tried to slice a block of Extra Sharp Cheddar and the wire snapped about halfway through the 3rd slice . No way to replace the wire so the whole unit is now useless . If OXO stands by their warranty , I might try to get a new one , but until then I am going to use a cheaper adjustable one .
 I liked the slicer okay ... but the wire just snapped and I have n't had it but a few months .
 I purchased the cheese slicer to replace one from the 70 's that finally gave out . I pulled out a block of cheddar cheese and tried the new slicer . The comfortable handle made holding the slicer a dream , but the dream ended quickly . The wire broke halfway through the first slice ! Unlike my old slicer , this one does not have a screw on the side to re-attach the existing wire , adjust the tension or replace a broken wire . Oxo 's web site says they guarantee satisfaction , so I am going to see if I can actually get it replaced without paying more in shipping than I saved by buying this slicer rather than the fancier one .
 The wire on this slicer is not adjustable , and I tend to prefer my slices a bit thinner than it does them , which is part of why I purchased a wire cheese slicer.The wire was getting pretty slack over the past couple of months , and then when I was slicing cheese today it just broke ! The wire itself did n't break , but it pulled out from the handle and is non-repairable . The good news is , I called Oxo to inquire about warranty info. , and they said that it 's warrantied for life and would send me out a replacement right away . The whole call took about three minutes . Maybe the one that I got was just bad , maybe they 're all like this and I 'll just keep getting replacements . I wish I 'd purchased another kind instead , though .
 I was really looking forward to the cheese slicer , as I 've never had one before and I 've used other OXO products . Unfortunately , this OXO grater fell apart the first time I used it .
 This was not good at cutting firmer cheese such as sharp cheddar or swiss . After about the third slice of cutting some cheddar the wire broke . It is now in the landfill .
 It does the job while it works . . then the wire went slack and finally broke , like everyone else . I could call and get a replacement but do I want to bother ? Perhaps I 'll get a replacement and give it away as a gift to someone who will never use it . It does look very nice . Anyone have a recommendation for an alternative product ?
 This is expensive and it broke in only 3 months of use . First the wire stretched , then finally it snapped . So , we went to the grocery store and picked up a really `` cheap '' one that lasted us 6 years .
 After a few uses the wire stretches and then breaks . It is not repairable . Too bad , since they make other good products .
 As several others have noted , the wire goes slack and then breaks easily after a short period of time . Once the wire breaks you have nothing but an expensive handle to throw away . This product should be recalled , it is of fraudulently poor quality .
 This slicer has no pros only cons . After washing the handle leaks water out of it all over the cheese -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- , it is n't adjustable and the slice is very thick . OXO has some good utensils this is n't one them . I am currently seeking a new cheese slicer and will be throwing this one in the trash can where it belongs !
 When new , this product worked well and felt solid . After a few weeks the wire loosened , and can not be tightened . This is the first Oxo product I have been disappointed with . Very poor quality .
 I love most OXO kitchen products , but I am tossing this one ! The wire is just too loose ! Somehow , I ended up with both this one and the Cuisipro around the same time . I put the OXO in our trailer , thinking that it might be tolerable for limited use . However , during our recent trip to Tillamook and Rogue River -LRB- `` Cheese Land '' -RRB- , the decision was made to buy a second Cuisipro . Although twice as expensive , the Cusipro has kept a nice tight wire , while the OXO wire cheese slicer is so loose -LRB- even after attempted tightening -RRB- that I just decided life is too short ...
 Bought this slicer 17May2011 . The handle and head are great , good balance and appearance . The cutting wire has come loose and will soon break . It seems a bit odd to design and manufacture a product with such obvious quality in all areas except the most critical function . This slicer is not used on hard cheeses and only by people who have used this type of slicer previously . I 'm seriously disappointed . Certainly not worth the purchase price .
 Flimsier than most of their other items , and once the wire stretches , you 're out of luck for fixing or modifying it . Basically it does n't last long .
 I read the reviews but having so happily previously owned an OXO cheese slicer for a couple of years before it cracked and broke , I thought , `` How bad could it be ? '' So now , 5 or 6 weeks later , the damned wire has broken , I 'll have to figure out how to make good on the warranty , and I 'll just be buying the cheapest one I can find at the big box . Where did OXO go so wrong ? The ergonomics I love but this utensil is a loser .
 This is the cheapest piece of crap for a cheese slicer !! It broke the second time I used it , not worth the money or time to bother sending it back !
 The implement is not adjustable and slices so thick that it 's pointless to get . When trying to slice some hard cheddar , I could n't `` adjust the angle to achieve the desired thickness - with the required force required , I either busted the back half of the block to smithereens or slipped and almost sliced my thumb apars . As long as you want something 1/4 to 3/8 thick , this is fine , but who wants that ? Look elsewhere for something that works even at a higher price . Mine went to the trash - I did n't want to threaten those at GoodWill or St. Vincent.Terrible design .
 At first I liked this slicer but after just a few uses it broke and now is not usable .
 They just do n't make cheese slicers like they used to these days . I thought I 'd finally found a durable slicer , one that would last longer then an entire block of cheddar cheese.Well , yes , this one did last for about 4 blocks of cheese . It had good promise but just did n't live up to expectations.Anyone have recomendations for proven alternatives ?
 We have had this for about a year and the wire broke . The bad part is that it is put together in a way that I ca n't fix it . I thought that maybe it would be a screw that I could loosen to put the wire back and then retighten , but no , it is welded or something so it goes in the garbage . Usually OXO makes good products but not this time .
 The wire broke the first time we tried to slice cheese . We went back to the store and exchanged it for a new one . The wire broke again with the first attempt to slice cheese !! Very disappointing , especially since our previous slicer with a similar design lasted 30 years with almost daily use .
 My mother in law bought some tool of the trade pans - I 'm not sure just which ones . She left one on the stove too long and when she took it off the burner the bottom of the pan had melted . It burnt holes into the kitchen floor and luckily did n't burn her.The insurance company in our town said that another case in our area occurred when a lady was cooking in the kitchen with her toddler . Luckily it was only her cabinets that got splattered with the melting pot and burnt , not her child.These need to be taken off the market and recalled before someone gets hurt badly.If you like seared skin buy these pans .
 I could never get the hang of this gadget and I am a handy person . It has broken corks and pinched my fingers ... looking for something better .
 Ok . . I am used to the wing corkscrew . . Got this as an altenate . . Forget it . . would not work for the life of me . . If you are mechanically inadept , this is not for you . Go with the wing , or the Rabbit ! And , there is no way to remove foil with this screw.Totally diappointed .
 I 've broken a few corks with this tool , as the `` worm '' does n't reach the bottom of some corks . Other foil cutters are easier to use . Like most OXO tools , this one feels comnfortable and steady in the hand . If you 're opening an older bottle or one that has a particularly long cork , use another corkscrew .
 Before the rivet holding it together got loose and then broke , it did a great job . Nice hand-feel for the first couple of months , but shoddy construction . Was n't worth the time or effort to try to find receipt and return it . Hopefully new ones are built better .
 From reading other customer reviews , I thought that this blanket would be decently soft but it really is n't . It 's like sleeping with cardboard . It is a good weight , however , it is irritating to my skin and I use it only as a blanket for my cat -LRB- even he does n't prefer it . He would rather sleep directly on my comforter rather than on this blanket -RRB- . I would not suggest buying this blanket . Save your money .
 I do n't like this as much as I thought I would . The cork always gets caught in the holder & it is not as strong as I imagined .
 Wow . I have other OXO products that I like and use , but this one is a real disappointment . The very first time I used it , the corkscrew broke off halfway into the cork . That 's right , the corkscrew -LRB- the curly spiral part -RRB- -- not the cork . I managed to get it out of the cork -LRB- the cork was still in the bottle -RRB- , and upon examination it seemed clear it 's not repairable . So out it goes . I 'm just glad it was n't more than ten bucks .
 this corkscrew is flawed in several ways
 Sorry , but I think this corkscrew is unwieldy . I bought an Oneida waiter 's corkscrew at the same time I bought the Oxo , and I much prefer the Oneida -- a snap to use and esthetically more pleasing .
 i had this for 2 years and used it about once a month . i was very happy with it at first , since it was very easy to use . however i found that it had no way of stopping when the cork had been screwed up high enough , and it just kept going , so that the cork would become wedged in the opener , then it would break off and i would have to use a knife to try and prise the cork out of the device . this happened a few times , and the last time i just could n't get the cork out , which meant i could n't use the corkscrew , because it already had a cork around the top part of it . after a while i had to throw it out .
 So sad ! I rarely open a bottle of wine for me to enjoy by myself . I bought this new corkscrew and the first time I used it the screw part pulled right out of the middle shaft . I took a pliers and tried to pull out the cork by the end of the screw . That did n't work ! I found a ` complimentary ' plastic corkscrew in my drawer and was able to insert that one next to the broken piece still in the cork . I wish I had saved my receipt . OXO has always been the brand I look forward to buying , however , I will read the reviews on their items BEFORE I purchase , not after I have had a problem . Cheers !
 I purchased this product because Oxo has a good reputation . This thing broke the first time I tried to use it . It came apart into several pieces and could n't be salvaged . Such GARBAGE !! Would NOT recommend .
 Ours broke within a year . The mechanism stripped after about 5 uses , leaving us with the screw in the cork , and no way to get it out . Spend a little more money on a better piece . Good wine deserves a good corkscrew .
 Perhaps I should n't have expected much from such an inexpensive item , but right off the bat it seemed off-kilter somehow
 I drink more wine than I sometimes like to admit , and so I open a lot of bottles . I 've used waiter 's corkscrews , the fancy two prong kind , the lever ` Rabbit ' ones , and the standard winged kind , like this OXO version.I have to say , of every wine opener I have ever used , this is the worst by far . I love every other item I 've tried that carries the OXO name , but this one is a miserable failure . My main complaint is that when you line the screw up with the cork , and the wings are down , there 's nowhere to grab for stability when turning the knob on the top . You have to kind of poke your fingers between where the wings meet and squeeze . Once you do get it going , half the time it only goes part of the way in and you end up with a half-removed , or worse - broken - cork.Terrible terrible terrible . But the $ 2 winged corkscrew at the grocery store instead . Even better , get a good quality waiters corkscrew and never worry about how you 're going to open a bottle of wine again .
 The grip is great , but the `` screw '' part of the corkscrew extends too far below the lip . By the time it 's all the way into the cork , the wings are only halfway up , meaning that when you push them down , the cork pops only about halfway out.I have to tug just as much as I do with my Swiss army knife corkscrew .
 Do n't waste you time and money on this corkscrew . It broke within the first week 's use ... good concept , but poorly constructed .
 When I thought of OXO I though of great grips . Nice soft quality weighty feel . When I got this corkscrew I was shocked to find out that it was flimsy black plastic . Looks like OXO in the picture but it is nothing more then cheap plastic bits . OXO degraded their name with this product .
 This product is garbage . I bought it for the OXO name , but I will never do that again . During a dinner party , the plastic split right near the top , and exposed the metal rod that attaches the screw to the plastic mechanism . The corkscrew would not work after this piece broke . -LRB- Note
 I purchased this item for a Christmas gift . It took 6 weeks to get . When I received it , it would not chime . What they do n't tell you is the item is only warranted for 1 month . It took 4 weeks to get so the warranty was up before I even received it . The guarantee on line says a 1 year guarantee - what a joke . The factory or the seller does not provide any customer service for a clock that does not work . I would never , ever recommend this item to anyone unless you want to come up short !
 I purchased this as a gift . It is very hard to find so I will not return it and it is what they had asked for . For the price , I was quite disappointed in the quality . I have a case of my own that I have had for many years . The inside is lined with felt and appears more finished than this one .
 The company was cooperative but the product was inferiour . The refund was made reluctantly when the shipper found `` nothing wrong with the product '' . When reeived I found a hinge on the case hanging loose which I fixed in hopes of keeping the bar but the quality of the accessories was very poor and I returned it . Long process .
 The quality of the piece was very poor . There is no cusion for the bottles and the bar pieces do not stay in place . I am looking for a type of felt or foam that I could buy to make it a little more secure . Being a last minute shopper , I bought this as a gift and did not have time to return it for a different one . I was a little embarrassed giving it .
 I have several OXO Good accessories and love them . . but this one when into the trash . It ruined ever cork .
 Only used this a few times and the plastic part already separates from the pull keeping the cork from coming out right .
 I purchased this item and within 2-3 uses it simply fell apart . For the price I paid , I do n't think I got a very good product .
 I got one of these as a gift a little over a year ago . At first it worked fine , better on natural corks , as some have noted here . It was often difficult to remove the cork from the screw , especially the neoprene ones , but I found that the small pliers I keep in my kitchen drawer -LRB- for exactly such emergencies -RRB- worked well to remove the stuck corks.However , this screw just does n't hold up . Only took me a couple dozen neoprene corks before the screw got bent out of shape . Then , it does n't go through the center of the cork , and ends up splitting and ruining the natural ones . Not a huge deal - I have rubber replacement stoppers and rarely drink wine of such exquisite quality that I 'd care if a little piece of cork fell in , but it should n't happen with a product of otherwise good design and construction.Just a few minutes ago , I was removing a neoprene cork from a bottle , and the entire screw broke clean off from metal fatigue . That should n't happen with a $ 20 corkscrew after only 16 months . My other corkscrew , one of the classic waiter 's `` lever '' models , which probably cost $ 3 , has lasted over a decade.I 'm torn . I love the way this baby works , but not sure I 'd buy another one strictly because of its lack of `` staying power '' . I drink 3 or 4 bottles of wine a week , and need something which stands up to regular use .
 Order this item if you like the idea of having your blood mingled with your favorite wine . While the product 's promise of ease in opening a wine bottle proves true , the problem is in removing the cork from the corkscrew thereafter . In my case , not only was I unable to remove the cork from the corkscrew -LRB- turning counterclockwise did not work , and there is no space inside the plastic chamber for your fingers to get a grip on the cork -RRB- I ended up piercing my finger in an attempt to extract the cork , thus turning wine-drinking into an unsavory and painful experience .
 I usually love Oxo products , but this one blows . It is without a doubt the worst corkscrew I 've ever owned . I do n't use it anymore , but when I did , it routinely : . shredded the cork in the mouth of the bottle without removing it . lodged the removed cork inside the corkscrew , making nearly impossible to remove . drilled all the way through corks , leaving cork bits and dust in the wineAlso , the foil cutter is completely worthless.Try a Screwpull or a regular waiter 's corkscrew -- either would be a much better choice .
 I 've used this maybe 5 times , and am going to throw it away . It does n't always work for cork removal ; once it pushed the cork into the bottle . And the method for removing the cork NEVER works . When you end up with a cork stuck on the screw , the plastic guard keeps you from accessing it with your fingers . I often drink wine with plastic corks , so that may be part of the problem . At this point , I ca n't get a cork off the screw , and it 's going into the trash with a cork attached .
 should have listened to the reviewer who said it 's hell to get the cork out of the corkscrew . have to be very careful that you do n't pull the cork up too far or you 'll spend the next minutes looking for a needle nose pliers . they used to make a better one similar but did n't have that problem.i read that review , did n't listen . my bad m.w.
 These clips are excellent , at least until they break . As a previous reviewer noted , if these clips fall to the floor they tend to break . Within 6 months of buying these clips , every one of these had broken . If you treat them gingerly , you may do well , but I can not really recommend these until their reliability becomes more consistent . Generally , though , I have always been impressed with other OXO products .
 I do n't mean to be a stick in the mud , but why spend this much for 4 of these , when you can buy a huge pack -LRB- 50 or more -RRB- of wooden clothespins for less than $ 3.00 ? I 've been using them as chip-clips , cereal bag clips , cookbook page holders , etc. for years . and they never break . Do n't buy the colored plastic ones - wood ones are best . I keep them in a little wire bin in my junk drawer , and never have to hunt .
 Items were received in a timely manner and in good condition , unfortunately they do not hold up too well . Most of them came apart or broke in two to three months . I would not buy this item again . Do yourself a favor and get the steel spring clips they sell for use in offices to hold papers together . Check on AMAZON.com ; I am sure they have them . If they do n't , go to Staples or some other office supply company .
 Due to the weak magnet on these clips , they are easily knocked off the fridge door . Two of my four clips have already broken from hitting the floor ... and my floor is soft linoleum , not tile .
 I gave up on plastic chip clips after my mom showed me an obvious improvement
 I bought these , but there not as strong as Binder Clips , that I bought at the stationary store , and the binder clips are alot Less money , and you get a box of them , not just 4 ... I do n't keep a bunch of junk cliped on my refigerator , so I kept these OX0 clips in the drawer , they also take up more space then the Binder Clips do ... I 'm not impressed with these clips.But I gave them a 2 star for color !!! Big deal lol ...
 Eh . I guess most people have good experiences with this , and it 's the top-rated on Amazon . Good price . SO I 'll probably buy another , from whatever store has the best return policy . It worked fine until it broke at 2 months . Too bad .
 I had a pull cord salad spinner for about 16 years and loved it ! It was great at removing water from salad greens . I used to get my greens really dry , with just a couple of pulls of the cord I 'd find lots of water at the bottom of the bowl and lettuce leaves nice and dry . After 16 years my old one was a bit warped from years of use so I decided to get a new spinner and decided to try this pump style.I was thrilled to get a new unit but soon discovered that it did n't dry the greens as efficiently as the pull cord one did . I have to press the pump a couple times , stop the spinning , lift the inner basket and shake the greens around , then spin again . I do this three times every time I use the unit in order to get my greens as dry as my old spinner did . Good grief it takes three times whereas my old pull cord spinner removed the same amount of liquid without me having to remove the inner basket and shake the greens around three times . I can see the difference with the amount of water left inside the base unit comparing it to the pull cord spinner . Another thing is that I used to keep my greens inside my old spinner -LRB- inner basket removed -RRB- and store it in the fridge that way . This spinner is too big -LRB- high -RRB- to keep in the fridge AND the inner basket must be kept inside the unit in order for the cover to be used , if you remove the inner basket the cover will fall inside the clear container . Another thing is you have to hold onto the unit while the basket is spinning because otherwise it wobbles like a top since the unit is top heavy and the bottom of the bowl is fairly small . The corded spinner that I previously used did not do that because the bottom of the bowl was wide and flat and the cover is fairly light to the unit is more balanced.I 'm really disappointed with this unit and will be going back to the pull cord spinner .
 I had been happily using a very inexpensive salad spinner purchased at IKEA for about ten years . It finally gave out when the plastic part on the inside began to break . I was ready to replace it and thought I might even get something that would be easier to use . I read the reviews for the OXO spinner and thought it sounded great . However , when I got it , it did not spin as well as my old one from the very beginning and by the end of the first month was spinning so slowly that the letttuce was still very damp , even after very vigourous pumping up and down of the handle . I am very disappointed with this product .
 This was on my wishlist for a sometime . I love salads , but hate trying in vain to dry washed lettuce with a mountain of paper towels . I finally had enough and after once again perusing the reviews , ordered what I was sure would be the answer to my wet lettuce woes . When it arrived , I immediately gave it a test drive . I was skeptical about the spinning action -LRB- as it did n't seem fast enough to be able to really spin dry -RRB- , but I was still hopeful as I rinsed some lettuce , tossed it in , and plunged away . Some of the water spotted the sides of the bowl , but most of it remained on the leaves . I recalled some reviews advising throwing in a paper towel or two for drier lettuce , so I did . Still no cigar . The paper towls remained dry and the leaves wet.I simply do n't understand how this product has garnered such positive reviews . After sufficiently frustrating me , this salad spinner went right back to amazon and I 'm right back to drying lettuce by paper towel . Sorely , sorely disappointed .
 This thing is a piece of junk . When you try to spin it fast enough to get the water off it jams up . Dont waste your $ $ $
 I bought this item and used it for about 2 months , then It exploded while I was spinning a salad and was impossible to repair . I went on to buy a Tupperware salad spinner -LRB- green -RRB- and have been using it for four years with no problems at all .
 I 've had two of these expensive salad spinners . Both broke -LRB- the mechanism became inoperable -RRB- within a year of using them . I am currently searching for a more durable spinner .
 I had this for two weeks the spring came lose after gentle use , and it broke , flimsy parts , When it was in use , it did not do much better than drying with paper towels , do n't waste your money .
 This worked great the single time we used it . Then we washed it in the dishwasher -LRB- top shelf only , as per instructions -RRB- , and the plastic warped so that now the lid does n't fit , making the spinner totally useless . Wish I 'd bought the stainless steel one or something from another manufacturer .
 My inner basket to the spinner warped after one cycle through the dishwasher . Before critical reviewers try to flame me for improperly washing the unit , it 's advertised as dishwasher safe on the top rack . I routinely wash many other plastic items in my dishwasher , and this is the only problem I 've ever had with any item I 've washed . I have several other OXO products , and I never would have expected OXO to cut corners with their materials .
 Perhaps I just got a bad unit , but the spin mechanism in mine broke in less than 30 seconds of use . The disk that engages the basket was wobbly and unbalanced from the start , even with no veggies inside the basket . When I pressed on the plunger , the basket would wobble and rub the sides of the bowl , slowing it to a stop in no time . Pressing the plunger again , -LRB- with normal light pressure -RRB- made a loud pop sound and when I lifted off the top to look at the inside , the mechanism literally fell apart . I was going to return it , but figured I could probably fix it and make it work for me instead . I carefully disassembled the spinner mechanism and noticed that the plastic parts inside were poorly molded and did not fit together well . I reassembled it , tested it and the same problem recurred . The spinner mechanism is small and fragile and prone to falling apart easily . It 's just a poorly designed and poorly manufactured device . I purchased the black Starfrit salad spinner with the side crank and WOW , I 'm sold on it ! MUCH better design and WAY sturdier . I found that the clear bowl from the OXO was the same size as the bowl on the Starfrit spinner , so I threw away the crappy OXO spinner top and use the bowl with my new Starfrit spinner . Now I can spin my salad in one bowl and serve in another , or serve salad in both bowls . Win win!Anyway , I would NOT recommend the OXO spinner , just get the black Starfrit with the side crank and be happy ! :O -RRB-
 I 've been using a manual -LRB- hand crank -RRB- spinner for some years and the force builds up like a spin cycle in a washing machine - when you take off the cover , the lettuce , or spinach , or whatever you 're cleaning , is completely dry and ready to work with . I wanted to try the `` push button '' version , however , when I opened it up and looked it over , I wondered immediately how enough force was going to build up to actually spin off all the water , since that is no longer in your control and is up to the `` button . '' I tried it with spinach and romaine , and unfortunately , the leaves were still water-droplet covered . A good spinner will leave the leaves almost entirely dry , and gorgeously ready to use . Am sending back immediately and going to try a different one . Why o why did I leave the one I loved w / the ex ?
 ... this salad spinner does not work and I 'm surprised at so many positive reviews . The old string-pull type I had -LRB- and recently threw away , alas -RRB- let you run water into an opening while you spun it , then you could turn off the water and spin it dry . All the way dry , unlike this one . Because the string spinner let you get it going fast enough to repel all the water . This one wo n't get going fast enough to get the greens all the way dry . So you have to rinse the greens separately , then put them in the spinner , and then finish off by drying them with a paper towel . Give me back my old string spinner !
 This was a wonderful salad spinner for the several months it worked . Then it broke . In my kitchen , very few things break . The occasional wooden spatula after fifteen years of use is fine but things tend not to break unless I drop them . This is my second Oxo product that broke while I was using it -LRB- the other one was a knife -- yes , a knife snapped in two while I was cutting -RRB- . I still love my Oxo peeler but with two out of three of my Oxo products breaking , I 'm done with Oxo for the most part .
 I bought this because it was a small size for storage . First it does n't spin out real well because of design . Second after about 8 uses the top cracked ! I never put it into the dishwasher . Would I buy it again ? NO . Can I return it ? NO , I have owned it for 3 months .
 Got this for my birthday . Looks great sitting on counter . But after it 's very first trip to the dishwasher , the thing warps so it 's not able to spin more than a turn or two . Definitely a DO NOT BUY .
 We loved the salad spinner when we got it . This is about 4 years later . It started to fall apart after the 1st year . 1st was the little plastic brake . Next the inner assembly . We 've been limping along with it now for a couple years . Everyone we 've spoken with who has the spinner salad say they do n't fall apart . We 're going to try that next .
 Mine broke . And it 's unclear how it 's even supposed to work in the first place . Hated this thing almost from the moment I got it .
 Very bad design ... how simple could this have been but ours is jammed and just does n't work ... WOW !!!!! waste of money ... !!!!! This is for the oxo with the pillar that rises in the middle and has two controls ... not the one pictured here .
 I bought this centrifuge to use in enriching Yellow Cake -LRB- seeDH Classic Yellow Cake 12ct -RRB- in my WMD program . But despite its great reviews here on Amazon , the OXO Salad Spinner is terrible . The mesh grating is n't fine enough to properly sift and concentrate plutonium out of theDH Classic Yellow Cake 12ct . Plus , it broke ! I ca n't believe it . All my other OXO lab equipment is top-notch with easy-grip handles . I love them ! I feel so betrayed by OXO.Still , at least I got a free vacation to Cuba out of it . Homeland Security says I 'll get a free trip from `` Gitmo '' . Is that the new resort I heard about ? So excited !
 I received notification from this supplier today . I am not sure why this product is on Amazon if it is no longer available .
 my 18 month old son loooooves this salad spinner . he puts his playmobile guys in it and wheeeee , there they go . unfortunately , there 's no cussing way it 's going to dry your lettuce , but seriously , you have dish towels , right ? back to basics folks .
 Ordered From Amazon , They pawned it off to another company that sent it to the wrong address . when called they say it was delivered so to bad . I will never buy from AGAIN
 I have ordered this product not only for myself but one for each of my co-workers . It is a great addition to our kitchens
 We got this as a wedding gift and it was wonderful . However the plunger spring soon failed . You could push the plunger down , but it would never pop back up . You could sort of dig it out with a butter knife , but then that sort of defeats the purpose of its design . I think OXO makes one that uses a pulled chain to spin the contents , and while that may be a bit more tedious -LRB- rolling it back up like a yo-yo -RRB- , it wo n't get stuck the way this one did .
 This was a gift from my in-laws and I was thrilled to have new salad spinner . I have always had those really old cord ones.Initially it worked really well , but it is hard to clean . You have to disassemble the lid , and it appears the more you do that , the more goes wrong . Eventually the whole thing just stopped working and the lid would n't stay together.The older-style pull-cord spinners have fewer parts to break and are easier to clean . Get a Zyliss instead .
 My old salad spinner , which I had for about 10 years , was getting shabby . So I replaced it with the small Oxo salad spinner . Big mistake ! First it took many many spins to get the water out and even then some water always remained . But the main problem was that within a month , when I took the top apart to clean it , as directed , the spring popped out . I was able to get it to work again , somewhat , for a few more months after that . But yesterday , it just fell apart and like Humpty Dumpty , it could n't be put back together again . I 've liked other products by this company , but the cheap construction and poor quality of this product would make me look more closely into buying other brands instead .
 We have used our salad spinner twice and were impressed with how easy it was to use . The salad is not completely dry but most water is removed and much better than towel drying or a puddle of water at the bottom or your bowl . But the second time we washed the unit in the dishwasher -LRB- top shelf -RRB- one piece is visably warped and no longer aligns properly . Now the basket only spins a few times before stopping on its own if you tightly close the lid . Now we need to return and decide if we want to get another knowing that we can not put in the dishwasher or just return and consider something else . The salad spinner components take up the entire top shelf of the dishwasher , so we probably would have hand washed most times anyway . But it is annoying that they state it is dishwasher safe then a piece warps after a couple of washes . And after searching through the reviews I see that others have run into similar problems .
 I have ordered this product not only for myself but one for each of my co-workers . It is a great addition to our kitchens
 I 've had my Oxo for about 3 years now . I would n't say I used it often , but when I did it worked just fine . I went to use it tonight and it broke . The inside top was all rusted and one of the screws snapped . The spring was also rusted . It 's never been in the dishwasher and always air dried . I am going to contact Oxo to see what they have to say .
 I have one of these that I would be glad to send someone if they would pay for the shipping . I have purchased several of the Zyliss and would recommend that instead . We use them in my restaurant and unless you drop them , they last a long time .
 This is a fairly sturdy , seemingly well-designed piece of kitchen equipment that is supposed to dry your salad greens by spinning them in a colander . You press down on a pump at the top of the lid to get the colander spinning , then you can either wait for the colander to stop , or you can use a brake button to halt the action . I will break this down into the pros and cons that I have found : Pros : It is sturdy . It has grips on the bottom and pretty much stays in place even if you let go of it.The lettuce can be put in the colander , then water poured into the bowl to wash it , then the colander can be removed to drain it , saving the need for an extra washing bowl.It is fairly easy to get a good , fast -LRB- ish -RRB- spin going . Tip
 I have purchased at least a dozen of these salad spinners over the years . Some last for months , others , like the one I purchased a few weeks ago , break almost immediately . They are not well-made and the quality of the plastic seems to vary greatly . I keep buying them because there are no comparable models on the market that I am aware of . They need to make a heavy-duty model for people like me who use it nearly every day .
 I 'm very disappointed by how easy it was to break the lid when trying to disassemble it GENTLY to follow the cleaning instructions provided with the product . Its spinning ability seems to deteriorate with weekly use after the first month . Cheap ! I will NEVER use this model , or any OXO salad spinner again .
 I used this about 6 times and the lid broke ! A salad spinner has to be sturdy - this one is not !
 This is a great spinner EXCEPT for the fact that it is cheaply made . It broke the first 2 weeks we had it - the top broke off of the spinner mechanism . So I duct taped it back together -LRB- love the duct tape -RRB- . Now 4 months later it has broken again except not fixable this time - something inside the spinner mechanism itself . So while the concept is good - I think I 'll stay away from OXO next time .
 I bought this spinner to replace an older salad spinner that had a handle attached to a string that is pulled out to set the top spinning , the string could be pulled repeatedly to get the spinner going really fast . I found that with this OXO salad spinner I could not get the speed going as high , even when repeatedly pressing the top plunger . I was rarely able to get as much water removed from my greens as I was used to with the older spinner.I recently replaced my OXO spinner with a Zyliss salad spinner which is of the style with the handle attached to a string which starts the spinning . It spins faster and gets my greens as dry as I wish . I am much happier with it .
 I bought this a year ago and was excited and happy with it . Now about a year later I 'm dissapointed enough to write this review . The first thing to go missing was the little black knob that is the brake . Then one day the top came apart and now parts are missing . Oh well ! I guess I got a year out of it - though I do n't consider that long enough . I just do n't know which one is better and more durable ?
 The spinner works well . The problem is when taking it apart for cleaning . It has two plastic tabs that one has to squeeze to take the spinner head apart . One of these broke off in the first month and the second did not last much longer . Were it not for this the product would be a winner . As it is it is junk . Stay away !
 I dropped my old Zyliss salad spinner -LRB- with a pull string -RRB- on a tile floor and broke the bowl . I could not find another one like it anywhere , so I purchased this Oxo version after reading mostly positive reviews . It 's awful ! After pumping on the top of it until I am exhausted , the lettuce is still too wet and if I put it away like that , it rots within a couple of days . I need to take the leaves out and put them on paper towels to finish drying . I plan to dump the Oxo as soon as I can get the Miu pull string one that I see on this site -- once it 's back in stock . Maybe that will be an improvement , and closer to the Zyliss that I miss so much .
 Purchased this on June 12 , 2012 , delivered on June 18 , 2012 . Wife used it once and then the gearing in the lid failed during the second use . Called OXO about this and spoke to a Martha in customer service . She offered to send out a free replacement lid . I 'm happy.Several weeks later , no lid , so I call OXO again and speak to Barb . Barb advises that the lid in question is back ordered till September 2012 -LRB- today is July 18 , 2012 -RRB- , but they will FedEx once it arrives.Happy wife , happy life . Product did not impress and the customer service was as bad or worse . Will I ever see the new lid ? Will Martha admit she lied ? Do I care?Should you buy this ? Wife said it did n't even do a good job drying the one lettuce head she was able to use before the item died.Caveat emptor .
 I bought this spinner because of the great reviews but I 'm having a big problem in that I ca n't seem to get my lettuce dry . No matter how many times I 've spun it there still seems to be a fair amount of visible water . Based on the reviews I expected to get `` crisp , dry '' lettuce . My lettuce is crisp but not dry and I 'm afraid that if I put it into the fridge as is it will get bad fast.So what am I doing wrong ? I 've tried adding a couple -LRB- or more -RRB- paper towels - that did n't help . I 've tried putting less lettuce , that didnt help either . btw I 'm talking about a large salad for one person . I 've also tried draining it on my drainer.If anyone knows what I should or shouldnt be doing please let me know ; else I 'm going to have to return it : - -LRB- Bernard
 Oxo Good Grips Salad SpinnerThe problem with this Oxo spinner is that it doees n't spin fast enough , failing to remove enough water from lettuce leaves . Also , it 's so light-weight that it needs to be held down to keep from bouncing around . For years I had excellent results with a Zyliss spinner with a pull-cord , but it finally gave out , and I ca n't seem to find that model any more .
 I purchased this spinner on the strength of all the positive reviews . Yes , I read the negative ones too , but did n't see how all those folks who wrote glowing reviews could be wrong . Well ... I 'm thinking differently now.This is a spinner that simply wo n't spin unless the load is balanced just so . Most of the time , when I push down on the spin pump , I get a whole lot of resistance and a few weak twirls . The pump behaves pretty much like the brake.Frustrated , I retired this spinner quickly and purchased the large Zyliss Easy Spin Salad Spinner -- the kind with the pull string . Works like a charm . I am happy to report that I HAVE found a use for this OXO spinner , however . When I buy grapes , I wash them and spin them in the Zyliss , then store them in the OXO . The mesh basket keeps air circulating around the grapes , and they do n't go bad as fast as they have with other storage methods I 've tried . I 've given the spinner 2 stars instead of 1 simply because it does serve this worthy purpose in my kitchen .
 I was unable to get the salad spinner to spin with salad in the basket . It worked fine empty . I tossed it out and will start using pre-washed lettuce again .
 Usually , if I say `` about 5 seconds , '' I 'm exaggerating , but not this time . It was literally after only a few seconds of use that my salad spinner broke . When I pay over $ 20 for a bowl , I expect it to last at least minutes . Well the bowl itself and inner colander are okay , so at least I will salvage about $ 5 of my money 's worth . It was the lid that popped and snapped and twisted and all sorts of great things .
 The quality of this salad spinner is complete garbage , any good reviews simply did not use it enough to know or used it VERY gingerly . To preface I am obsessively careful with my belongings .1 -RRB- The first one I purchased the knob came apart -LRB- impossible to put back on -RRB- within 20 seconds of testing .2 -RRB- Replaced the first one , and on first use of the 2nd one , the lid cracked upon depressing the knob to spin the salad .3 -RRB- Though irrelevant after # 2 , the lock does not slide with the finger indent . You have to wedge your finger between the knob and the lock to unlock the knob.Shame on OXO for releasing such a substandard product .
 When I received this Oxo salad spinner as a gift , I gave away my trusty MIU salad spinner.Big mistake!The Oxo salad spinner did n't spin anywhere near as fast as the MIU spinner = lettuce does n't get dry enough . Plus , the Oxo salad spinner was big , clunky and hard to store.Do yourself a favor and buy the MIU salad spinner . It holds more lettuce , spins faster -LRB- so your lettuce gets drier -RRB- , and actually fits inside your fridge when you want to chill your freshly washed lettuce for dinner . - - - - - UPDATE
 So many salad spinners I 've reviewed founder on the problem of translating some physical movement into rotational inertia without giving the unit any transverse inertia which , given how light plastic and lettuce are together , translates into the thing flying right off the table.So a central push is perfect . It 's what any engineer with a physics concentration would think of first -- no lateral bias . So what 's the problem ? The gear ratio is just too low -- a single push , even a firm one , does practically nothing . So you 've got to really rev this sucker up , pressing hard hard hard ! not taking a break because otherwise it slows down . But if you press too hard , the bowl shatters and sends plastic shards into you . -LRB- OK , maybe not . But it might ! -RRB- This might seem an extreme scenario that would only be relevant for the maniacally hydrophobic . But we hydrophobes are n't the only ones who love salad spinners -- kids love them too . Being the one to spin the salad is always a big treat . There are three things kids hate when it comes to salad spinning
 The spinner works well , but be sure you have enought room to store it . I have n't used a spinner before and found it to be large , clunky , and hard to store .
 This worked wonderfully but exploded in a spectacular way when I was spinning a salad about two months after I bought itdo n't waste your money , find a tupperware one instead they 're really sturdy -LRB- we 've had one since -RRB-
 I bought this device in the hope that I would be able to put it to use with more than just salad , to rationalize the somewhat inflated price . I assumed it would be effective in drying things other than leafy greens , and now my hamster is dead.I would like to have been able to review its ability to dry spinach or lettuce , but the spinner 's failure in the hamster-drying test was such that the spinner is no longer fit for use with food -LRB- or much of anything else , I imagine -RRB- . Also - and I am trying to phrase this delicately - the spinner is not very easy to clean . Again , though , this could be a usage-specific problem and may not reflect situations where it is used in a manner that more closely adheres to its intended use .
 I bought three of these in the last three years . The first one I purchased lasted almost a year before the plastic bowl cracked . The second one lasted eight months before the bowl cracked . The third one was a stainless steel one but the plastic lid cracked after nine months of use . These salad spinners are nothing but Made in China trash .
 We had our old salad spinner for years . This one lasted for just a month before it started having problems . At first the tab that locks the pump flat kept getting stuck and then it stopped working altogether .
 We got this salad spinner -LRB- the small one -RRB- from our gift registry , and at first we just thought it was the cutest little kitchen toy we 'd seen . Almost immediately , however , the spinning mechanism popped apart and since then anything but the most gentle usage causes it to deconstruct again . It was not easy to pop back together either . It turned out to be a big disappointment we just need to return to the store .
 I bought the smaller unit . This spinner was fun to use and really did a great job of spinning the water out of freshly cleaned lettuce . But cleaning the unit is difficult . The top/lid is supposed to easily snap apart for cleaning . This happened effortlessly the first time . The second time was more difficult . By about the fifth time I could not separate the two halves . Instead the plunger mechanism unlocked itself , the spring popped out - and I was never able to reassemble the unit -LRB- without cracking the plastic -RRB- . Cleaning this unit is an exercise in frustration !
 My OXO Good Grips Mini Salad Spinner performed the task decently when it worked . You put the colander in the plastic bowl , put the cover on , and press the big pump to spin . Pretty simple , well designed.The problem is that the `` patented pump mechanism '' broke recently . I had been using it for perhaps a year or two . A plastic piece inside the spinner cover broke , and I ca n't find a way to fix it . I 'm left with a colander , a bowl , and a non-functional spinner cover . Perhaps I pushed the knob too forcefully , or perhaps I got a lemon , although it looks like a few other reviewers on this product have reported similar problems.I generally think OXO makes well-designed products , and I do n't mind paying the premium price . But in this case , I 'd hesitate to buy another of these .
 This salad spinner is spins reasonably well , but the quality of the components is abysmal . In particular , the tabs one must press to separate the two top pieces are ridiculously poorly designed . I bought this salad spinner , managed to take it apart once , and then the second time I tried one of the tabs broke off . I bought it from Bed Bath & Beyond , which fortunately has a great return policy , so I just exchanged it for another . This time I knew how weak the tabs were , and so was very careful . I pressed lightly , and it would not release . Harder , would not release . Harder still , would not release . Very hard , released and broke in one movement . The margin between hard enough to release and hard enough to break is at best small and at worst non-existent . If you never clean it in the recommended fashion -LRB- disassembling the top lid -RRB- , then you might find it adequate . Otherwise , avoid this piece of cheap plastic crap .
 Worked for about a year . Then the plastic gear spinning mechanism broke . The spin brake button lasted about 3 months before breaking . Find another model , avoid this one .
 The item pictured was what I wanted -LRB- a better OXO model -RRB- . I was very disappointed to see what I received . Reviews are bad for the one I received -LRB- easily broken -RRB- . I paid $ 29.99 to Amazon . I could have got this exact same model at Bed , Bath and Beyond for the same price less 20 % -LRB- $ 6.00 -RRB- with a coupon . They mail coupons out all the time . I should have sent it back to Amazon , but I just did n't want the hassle . Amazon is a good source for many products . But , I will be very careful , when ordering anything , in the future .
 I was very , very disappointed in this product . It 's heavy and I found it not roomy enough for one head of lettuce with the mechanism inside the bowl . It ca n't be hung so it takes a lot of cupboard space . As far as I 'm concerned , this product rates a minus whatever . I gave it away . I want the old Copco - that worked !!!!
 The lid on the spinner arrived cracked . The mailing package was intact , I question the sellers quality control .
 It broke the second time I used it.I bought this product because I liked the smaller size and trusted the Oxo brand . What a mistake ! The second time I used it , I set it , per the instructions , but when I pushed the pump mechanism , it went down half way and then jammed . I tried everything , I even took it apart and put it back together , but the stupid thing would not function properly . I would advase against buying this product .
 I was very disappointed in this item . My daughter has one and loves it but the one I received did not work and I had to send it back .
 I was unable to get the salad spinner to spin with salad in the basket . It worked fine empty . I tossed it out and will start using pre-washed lettuce again .
 I 'm still looking for the perfect salad spinner . I had this one and broke it after trying to take the lid apart to try to clean under the lid -- do n't attempt that ! I did n't like how this one had a domed lid so you could n't stack stuff on top of it . I also found that the interior of the basket wasnt smooth but a bumpy basket weave so little bits of lettuce get stuck in it .
 I really liked this spinner when I first got it . It looked sleek and worked great . The first and second times I used it . On the THIRD try , the whole thing broke . The button that you push to make it spin and the plastic construction around it all completely fell apart . This is either poorly made or was defective . I live in a house with housemates and found another sample of this spinner , also broken , so my thought is that it has a track record of breaking , a very short shelf life . Do n't waste your money .
 This item was a gift and I was very disappointed when I received it . The baby frog was so very much smaller than it appeared on Amazon . That said , the item arrived quickly and was well packed . However , it truly was not worth the price , even though it is Swavorski .
 ... after using my apple slicer for about one year , the plastic has begun to crack . And the slicer could , indeed , be larger . I am now searching for a durable all-metal slicer .
 I loved this item at first , and threw it in the dishwasher with other tools . After about 6 months , it no longer worked . I checked the mechanism , which was rusted and cracked . Either hand wash and thoroughly dry or skip this item .
 When I received these tongs they looked fantastic . Looked like high quality stainless steel with good rubber grips . After two weeks , however , the tongs do n't open up all the way anymore but instead gets stuck in the middle . I have to open the tongs up myself by my hands . It is now very inconvenient to use . I do n't recommend this product .
 Worked great for a little over a year , then the spring that holds the tongs apart broke . If they wo n't spring open , they are pretty much useless . Ca n't expect anything better for something made in China .
 I ordered a pair of these tongs as a gift because I love the pair that I have . However , this item did not arrive in new condition . The product tag was stapled onto the tongs , suggesting that they had been returned . In addition , the tongs were held together with 1/2 '' tape -- something that should have been unnecessary , given that the stem can be pulled out to keep the tongs in a closed position -LRB- which was not necessary for shipping -RRB- . The item was clean , but seemed to have been used . Perhaps I was predisposed to see a problem once I saw the stapled tag and the tape around the tongs , but this was quite a disappointment .
 I purchased these tongs with certainty I was buying the best . I received them on June 26th and by August 10th , they were broke . The arm of the spring popped out which disabled the spring action . So I 'm out the money and the tongs . I would like to believe this is an exception , but without knowing this for sure , the next time I buy a pair of tongs I 'll take my chances on another brand .
 The locking feature was great , it made them much more manageable while in use and for storage . However , the plastic grips starting coming out very soon after I bought the tongs . Not long after that , the locking mechanism broke . This made them very hard to use and store , so we chunked them and bought a different kind . It is probably worth a little extra money to get tongs that last .
 Not as good as Edlund 16 '' tongs . Sent them back and got a prompt refund .
 I have aWeber 1201 Tool Holderon the edge of my kettle , but the ends of the hooks are too big to fit in the big holes in the hanger .
 I was very excited to get my new kitchen tools but never received them ... I have not been contacted in response to my request nor to be informed that I would not receive the tongs I paid for . I wish I could say otherwise but ...
 Maybe it 's just me but things made in China just do n't excite me very much in general , and these seemed awfully flimsy to boot . I returned them right away .
 The thongs are a bit hard to handle for me and I have rather large hands . They also did n't come together perfectly nor did they feel too sturdy although I did n't really test them .
 These tongs seemed like a good deal when I bought them but after 2 uses the spring popped out and cut my finger.I 've had luck with OXO in the past but this experience was awful.Amazon gave me a full refund but it was still disappointing and a hassle . Next pair will be from a store .
 These are not the tongs that i ordered ! The seller advertises this product to be oxo good grips , they are NOT !! First off they are not oxo , second the locking mechanism does n't work , third they actually fell apart while I was working after less than 1 week of use ! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!!!!!!!!!
 I loved this set of tongs and was using them for everything ... but after less than a month the spring broke . . and they were garbage . I question the listing as dishwasher safe because I ca n't think of any other reason the spring should have broken . Very disappointed and hesitant to replace them with another pair .
 I have owned mine for 1 month , I saw this morning it had rusted in several places.I am throwing them away and getting a new one .
 I have OXO 12 '' tongs and love them in the kitchen , so I ordered these 16 '' ones for the outdoor grill . These 16 '' tongs have a weak spring so that when you release them , they do not spring open like the 12 '' ones do . You have to kind of use your fingers to pry them back to the open position , making them very annoying . I already threw away the packaging assuming I would like them otherwise I would definitely return . Buy 12 '' instead and you will be happy .
 I used to work in a cooking supply store , and I saw so many of these returned . The idea is great but the lock breaks way too easily . Most of the OXO Good Grips items are great , but they need to work on this one . If you want to risk it , get it .
 I bought this because it is simply good design . Best damn can opener until the plastic latching mechanism failed . Being a self-righteous designer who believes in buying good design - I went out a bought another . Same thing happened.OXO is an excellent company with many good products -- but the life expectancy of this puppy is less that a year .
 I thought this was a great gadget until it broke after I used it a month!The locking button broke so now I just have a big handled can opener .
 The locking mechanism is plastic and eventually breaks -LRB- with light use mine broke in about 1 year -RRB- By then some of the teeth on the lower wheel -LRB- that holds the can while the upper wheel cuts -RRB- were worn and getting it to hold the can while it opened was tricky . Until about the last month it worked wonderfully . Too short lived to give it any higher a score .
 Like others , the lock on mine broke after just a couple months of use . But , I do find it the most comfortable , manual , can opener I have ever used .
 I bought it . I used it for a week . The little locking thing broke . I took it back . Not worth the trouble .
 I had purchased the same opener several years ago at a department store . I loved the locking mechanism . The opener was solid and held up great . Unfortunately , the handle snapped off in the middle of a chili batch during the opening of many cans of beans and tomatoes . I could n't find one like it anywhere so I ordered it from Amazon since the shipping was free . I am extremely unimpressed with the quality of the new one . It is lighter in contruction and I can see why the chief complaint is the locking mechanism breaking . It 's going to occur sooner than later . I wish I could remove the opener and put it on my old opener handle . Two stars for this looser.Update 10/5/11
 I have an OXO Chef 's knife and love it , so I figured I 'd stick with the OXO brand for this . It was inexpensive -LRB- I mean come on , do can openers need to be fancy ? -RRB- but it did have nicer features than a standard metal one . Like other reviewers who were less-than-satisifed , mine broke about one year after purchasing . I could tell it was n't working quite right because it would n't completely finish opening the lid , in other words there was still a tiny part of the lid that would remain attached to the can no matter how many times I went over it -LRB- and it 's always fun to practically slice your finger open trying to retrieve the lid that has sunk down into the can and its contents -RRB- . Then shortly after it just did n't even attach to the can at all . Maybe in this case , you do get what you pay for .
 We tried to open a can . I could n't even get it on the can . My husband would get it on and start turning and it would pop off . Is there a secret ?
 For the first couple of months we LOVED this ... no more squeezing down to keep the cutting wheel engaged , and it worked like a charm . Recently , though , the cutting blade seems to have dulled or come untrued . The locking mechanism still works , but the opener will wheel itself off of the can without cutting or will move around the can without cutting anything . Because the openers is locked , it 's not possible to put much more pressure on this to correct it . Seems like a better plan to get a standard opener or an electric opener if you 're avoiding the need for a strong grip .
 I loathe this can opener . I hate it in a way that I find vaguely disturbing , like I 'm anthropomorphizing it . The idea is awesome for people with hurty joints , which is why I bought it . The problem is that a locking mechanism is a lot less useful -LRB- and a lot more frustrating -RRB- if it takes five tries to get the jaws around the can properly . And when the button locks in a misaligned position -LRB- those first four tries -RRB- it is extremely difficult to release . My joints hurt a lot but are pretty strong as I 'm still in my mid-20s , and I have serious trouble using this . It negates its own purpose by being badly put together .
 After briefly playing with this unit at a friend 's kicthen I went to a local retailer to buy one , only to find they were out of it - so I bout the other , less futuristic looking Oxo can opener . As it turns out , I lucked out.My Oxo is still going strong after two years ; it 's the best hand can opener I 've used . This model , though , has since been discarded by my friend . It works great for a few weeks , but then the plastic bits start to wear , and the locking mechanism starts to stick , and the user starts to swear.The idea for the lock was a good one - that seniors and others with limited hand strength could lock it on , using both hands if ncessary , and then concentrate on turning the knob . Unfortunately it does n't work that way . The lock becomes more of an annoyance than a help , the handle is n't terribly comfortable , and ... well , it 's just not a terribly good design.Oxo makes a lot of lovely products , so I suppose you ca n't fault them for the occasional turkey .
 I 'm a big fan of OXO Good Grips products -- my peeler , ice cream scooper and wine opener have served me well . This can opener was my latest purchse , and it has not lived up to the OXO name . After a few uses the blade seemed to lose its sharpness . After probably less than 50 uses , the can opened failed to work complete -LRB- blade become misaligned , perhaps -RRB- . Next time it 's back to the Zyliss for me !
 I 'm glad to know I 'm not the only one with a busted lock -- lasted maybe 1-2 months . However , true to Oxo form , the handles are still much more comfortable than any other can opener I 've used -LRB- thus , 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- .
 This can opener does n't work that well . It 's difficult to get it to lock on properly and gets dislodged during cutting easily also . Buy something else .
 With all the crumbs from children , dog hair and my hair , I really needed a heavy duty vacuum , but after a few passes on my stairs it completely died . I tried cleaning it out , nothing was stuck it just burned out . Now when I turn it on it makes this horrible grinding sound and is useless .
 I tried to research before replacing our old B&D dustbuster and ended up with the Shark . I ca n't even get the stairs vacuumed -LRB- just the tight spots -RRB- with enough power to actually suck . Does n't seem to charge fully . I 'm giving it up and going back to Black and Decker and crossing my fingers .
 I like the idea that the blinds hang on a standard curtain pole , so you do n't have to fuss around with mounting . However , the selection is slim , and I do n't think you can even find these anymore . I did order the natural/ivory color , but they are not lined and do n't keep out the light at night , when I want the bedroom to be DARK . I also have a pair in dark purple , which blocks the light better . I agree that you have to be very careful raising and lowering them , the mechanism is rather flimsy .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 I am actually a fan of the `` Good Grips '' line of products , but these brushes are horrible . The basic idea is a good one , but it 's hard to get the soap from the handle to penetrate the sponge . Most importantly , usually within a week or two , the plastic backing from the scrubber that attaches to the handle separates from the sponge . The result is that you have to throw it out and buy a new one when the scrubber sponge is still in pretty good shape . I know they are `` disposable '' and that usually does n't mean long term wear , but I would feel better about throwing it out and buying a new one when the sponge is worn out from washing dishes , than having to throw it out because of poor design or shoddy workmanship . I will buy no more replacements for this one and have gone back to my old brand .
 I like the idea that the blinds hang on a standard curtain pole , so you do n't have to fuss around with mounting . However , the selection is slim , and I do n't think you can even find these anymore . I did order the natural/ivory color , but they are not lined and do n't keep out the light at night , when I want the bedroom to be DARK . I also have a pair in dark purple , which blocks the light better . I agree that you have to be very careful raising and lowering them , the mechanism is rather flimsy .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 I got this thing and it worked good until the tip broke and rendered it useless within a few uses . You can get a dozen deveiners that work better for the same price .
 I used this once on about 10 shrimp . They were small shrimp and this tool was more of a nuisance then help . The description said it was dishwasher safe . After taking it out of the dishwasher I found it partly melted and bent . In trying to straighten out the blade to make it usable , it simple broke off . I would not recommend this product at all . I just wish I could get my money back .
 a very cheap plastic instrument ... not worth the price and the shipping ... save your money .
 Buy a cheap curved knife from the dollar store . This item is all plastic and does n't work very well .
 This product only kind of works , I work in a 4 star restaurant called risottos and I have to clean 1,000 's of shrimp on occasion . I was looking for something to expedite the process . This is supposed to make it so you can remove the shell and the guts all in one motion but the problem is that the teeth are not sharp and it ends up tearing the shrimp and ruins the presentation you are better off using a file knife .
 Not as good as the last one we had , which was longer and not serrated .
 I bought this tool because I had a good-size quantity of jumbo shrimp -LRB- 21-25 / lb . -RRB- to prepare . I was very disappointed with it . Instead of making a clean cut to remove the vein , the tool 's serrated edge mangled and shredded the flesh of the shrimp . And using it actually slowed the process down.Before purchasing the Oxo Shrimp Cleaner , I had been using a paring knife for cleaning raw shrimp . After completely giving up on this product and then doing a little experimenting , my Fiskar scissors turned out to be the quickest and most efficient tool for accomplishing this task .
 We love OXO products , but this one is not one of them . Shrimps get mangled . Might be good for very large shrimp though , but not for medium ones . My wife found it faster to just use her nails .
 I do n't like the way this thing works ... Luckily , after I ordered it , I found my old cheapie that had been misplaced during our move.I would suggest saving your money and buying one of the cheap plastic ones that work on the push stroke , and peels the shrimp by breaking the underside instead of cutting the shell down the back . I ruined more shrimp than I peeled with this one . I am hoping to find another use for it ! Maybe a grout remover ... I find that rather sad , because I like the other OXO products I have purchased . The large handles prevents my bad finger from locking trying to hold something of small diameter ... ; 0 -RRB- -RRB- PK
 I bought this brush after reading the reviews by others saying this brush was firm but flexible enough to clean potatoes without causing damage . I just tried the brush and I will not be using it again , it is far too harsh and scrubbed gashes into the red potatoes I am roasting right now . I most certainly would not use this brush on mushrooms and am unlikely to use it again on potatoes either . I am very disappointed .
 I had read good things about this cutting board and I was disappointed to find that after 2 months it began to warp . It has never been sitting in water , we 'd wash it and let it dry upright . Not sure what made this happen but hard to recommend based on this experience .
 I was initially very pleased with this board , but it now has a small crack appearing in the edge . My last board lasted 20 years and it was half as thick as this one . I think that the wood was not aged properly by the manufacturer , hence it is developing a crack after less than a month . -LRB- I have treated it very well -LRB- oiling it with mineral oil and drying it with a cloth each time I wash it . A good board will last years when treated like this . -RRB- When the board is too cracked to use I will replace it but certainly would avoid this manufacturer .
 I read the negative reviews but I thought I am sure if I go extra mile caring for the board it will be fine as probably other reviewers did not . Wrong . Oiled it daily for the first week , then every few days thereafter . Slowly but surely began to warp . Had better luck with John Boos 16x10 maple board .
 Used this cutting board for 8 days before it warped . Rolls all over the cabinet now.Don ' t buy ... get a plastic board or the cutting sheets that sell for about $ 1.00
 In 2008 I reviewed this item and raved on its quality ... Now after ordering more , I am totally disappointed . The bristles fall out after the first use . I returned them and will consider buying chipping brushes at the hardware store . Note
 Worst pastry brushes I 've ever bought . I bought three and have used all of them more than once , so it is n't first time blues . This is just shoddy quality.When using for a marinade or to spread melted butter on a cake tin , all of the brushes consistently loose bristles . In the last cake I made I found five bristle fibers stuck to the bottom of the cake.The bristles have a rough consistency and after a couple of washes fray easily . I ca n't see you using this for any delicate work.I would compare the texture to the splinters that fall off wooden skewers.Spend the extra mullah and buy a better product .
 Not up to snuff as a clam knife . It 's too thick to prise open a shell . It might work on oysters but not clamsI bought this via Amazom prime
 too thick to actually be able to get in between the shells to pry open . Maybe I 'm doing something wrong -LRB- but have been doing fine with other knives . The oyster shucker on the other hand is excellent !
 I purchase this `` CLAM KNIFE '' in 2010 , after doing a little more research on how to open clams , I now realize that this is not the proper item to use . This Knife is actually a `` OYSTER '' knife . I was ever able to open a clam from the from the front unless it was slightly open . I eventually figure out how to it using this knife , and that is by sticking the tip of this knife into the back of the clam where it 's soft & rubbery then work the knife around to the front of the clam . Most times I 'll end up breaking the shell , but a less it 's opened .
 just like other reviewer said , after 5 or so dozens of oysters , the tip of the knife got bent and now it is difficult to use . Need a knife with better carbon steel blade . Just bought two Dexter-Russell knives with 23/4 and 4 &#34; blades - expecting better results
 If you are a first time shucker , who plans to open through the hinge -LRB- as most guides and youtube vids will show you -RRB- , DO NOT BUY . I 'm normally a big fan of Oxo Good Grips products ; I own at least 10 other kitchen gadgets they make and LOVE them . This knife , however , bent out of shape after shucking barely a dozen oysters . My suggestion is to buy one from whoever sells you the oysters . They know what they 're doing , and the knives are usually very cheap in price , but solid in their construction.Generally , I 'd recommend people stay away from this knife .
 i bought this oyster knife because i work in alaska and i have to shuck oysters daily i went to use it on the first oyster and it bent it took me over an hour to shuck 6 orders -LRB- 36 oysters -RRB- which normally would take we 20-25 mins so i suggest that you do not buy this knife go to a local kitchen supply store and purchase one from them
 this thing is useless I was a chef for over 12 years and have shucked hundreds if not thousands of oysters and this by far worst knife I ever used it bent after 1 use
 the first time this oyster knife was used it bent itself silly within 6 oysters , and it was in the hands of a 4 star chef who knew what they were doing.dont waste your time and money ...
 It is preposterous that they would even call this thing an oyster knife . This piece of garbage was literally destroyed after opening one raw oyster . I could see that was going to happen before I even tried it . It 's just a flimsy thin piece of sheet metal . Anyone who has shucked raw oysters knows how much torque it takes and how rigid the blade needs to be . Apparently these guys do n't know anything about that . Shame on `` OXO/Good Grips '' for calling this thing an oyster knife .
 If I needed an oyster knife ASAP , I think I could make do with this one if it were all I could get on short notice or one was made available to me . This is a bent-tip `` New Haven '' style oyster knife . It 's not all that great for the most common technique of hinge-popping -LRB- inserting into the slot at the back of the hinge and breaking it open -RRB- . The polished steel is pretty soft and bent on me the first time I tried using it ; the bent tip has now been more or less flattened . It also showed very visible scratches the first time I used it . Similar style/sized knives include the Dexter-Russell S121 -LRB- bent -RRB- and S126 -LRB- straight -RRB- as well as the Forschner -LSB- Swiss Army Brands -RSB- 44693 -LRB- bent -RRB- or 44692 -LRB- straight -RRB- . I 've got the last one myself , and it barely scratches -LRB- very hard to tell against the brushed steel -RRB- and has n't bent , unlike the Oxo knife . Dexter-Russell oyster knives are ubiquitous in oyster bars around the US .
 i have been on a quest to find the perfect spatula and i thought this would be it . the first couple usages were great , but then they started to get really stained and no matter how hard i scraped and scrubbed , i could n't get the bits of food off them . in theory , it 's a great idea but actually using them is not . i cook every day and need a sturdy utensil . this was not it . i am still looking for the perfect spatula !
 I understand the need for a spatula to be thin and flexible , but this one is too flexible . It 's as if someone cut the spatula out of an old coke can . It can hardly lift anything at all , and I find it just stays in the drawer unused .
 The metal in the flat part of the spatula is way too thin . If not careful you will end up with a crease in yours.The worst thing though , is the metal is the exact opposite of non-stick . Just about everything sticks to it , and it makes cleaning them very hard . I have had to clean them by hand , and 1 of the ones I bought I ca n't get the crap that stuck on it off.Expecting above an average spatula , any old plastic spatula would have been better .
 This is the worst spatula I have ever used . The `` thin yet durable nylon '' is peeling off in little slivers . Forget about trying to flip an egg , unless you like your fried eggs smashed up and unrecognizable . Food seems to stick to it like glue . I 'll never buy another product like this .
 A Duvet generally should have fillings in it -LRB- very similar to a comforter -RRB- and that is what I thought when I bought this . However this turned out to be a Duvet cover and I promptly returned this back to Amazon . Hence all buyers should be aware of this before they buy this .
 This brand is pretty cheap and the handle is flimsy . It should also not show up in the fine sieve category since it is not really a fine mesh sieve , it is a strainer .
 My wife needed to replace her 6 '' plastic strainer . Based on reviews I bought this , but it useless . It measures 6 '' across but has a thickish rim so it is actually less . In addition it is very shallow and holds minimal amount of food . Much shallower than the one we had . It is more like a big tea strainer .
 The product is very `` gripable '' and would earn 5 stars if the width of the ` pliers ' were not that darn big . As they are , it 's unlikely you 'll be able to use that for more than 2 out of every 3 filberts ...
 I did all my research and finally decided on this coffeemaker . It had great reviews and a great re-manufactured price ! When it arrived , I got it all set up and made a pot . It was great coffee and the perfect temperature . That was the first and last pot of coffee -- the clock quit working , the programmable feature quit working and even the on/off buttons did nothing . So , it is on it 's way back to Amazon . Though I am disappointed in what I received , Amazon has been very easy to return it to -LRB- and they are paying the shipping on the return , so I am not out any extra money -RRB- . They can not replace it -LRB- Amazon does not have any more in stock -RRB- so I am awaiting a refund . I 'd rather have a working coffepot , but it looks like I 'm back to researching coffepots !
 I bought this cooler at Wal-mart a day ago with the purpose of having my neighbor fill it with filtered ionized kangen water . To my dismay the spigot is poorly designed and slowly drips out . I walked into my kitchen for a glass of water and ended up with a big headache , water was all over the kitchen !!! Maybe I just got a defective product but judging from another reviewer with a similar problem it seems like a reoccuring problem . I will never buy another Coleman cooler again ...
 This does mash nicely , but if you use it in more than a very small pan , you get your fingers covered with potatoes ! The handle is really too short , and I do n't actually find it ergonomic . It makes you get in a slightly strange position , since your hand has to be clenched on the top rather than gripping from the side . I 'm buying something else !
 Within four months one of the handle was dissembled . Otherwise it was good . I have nothing to do with this now : -RRB-
 It did not even last one month before the side bar came lose from the mash grate . Shame!All the hassels of return ... I rather be robbed by the product .
 I received this as a wedding gift -LRB- we registered for it -RRB- . It 's alright , but I find the mashing head is a little too narrow , making it difficult to get an even mash quickly . The base where the metal arms connect to the head gets gunked up very quickly and it 's really tough to clean thoroughly . I like the large , wide grip , but that 's about it . I 'm asking my grandmother if I can have her old potato masher from the 30 's , which has a much wider head on it and mashes more evenly and more quickly .
 I was n't impressed with this item for one reason . It arrived at my home broken . How well made could it have been if it arrived in two pieces?I have loved all the other OXO items that I have purchased , but this one was a loser .
 This is my fifth different kitchen gadget made by OXO that has ultimately failed because it broke . Not a good track record , if you ask me . As a masher it worked fine on potatoes and whole tomatoes , the non-stick coating was a nice feature , the grip work fine . Recently I noticed the handle seemed a little loose . Then while we were cooking Thanksgiving dinner my husband was using it . He pushed down to mash and the whole thing came apart ! The side pieces are inserted into the handle and appear to use tension and some type of bonding agent to hold it together . The repeated force of mashing things was too much for the masher , which misses the whole point , does n't it ? It was amazing my husband did n't cut himself on some of the pieces of exposed plastic , which were sharp . Could I glue it back together ? Maybe . Is it worth it ? No ! 11/26/12 update
 It can open a bottle , but takes a lot of work . The lip on the opener is not large enough , causing it to take 5-10 attempts to get the cap off . Still look for a real bottle opener even though I have one on my keychain now .
 This is NOT a brand name Brewzkey bottle opener . It 's a cheap knockoff . Different shape without the logo . I would know because I already have purchased two of them before as gifts . Very disappointed .
 This particular item being sold is a knock-off of the real original Brewzkey -LRB- R -RRB- . If you are looking at an image of the key shaped bottle opener with a square-like head , then you are looking at a poorly designed knock-off of our original Brewzkey sold several years ago . This version as described by several in the reviews is an unfinished , stamped version of our old key design . I 'm not surprised that the TSA took this away from one of the reviewers since our keys are polished smooth . Starting early 2013 , ALL authentic Brewzkey bottle opener keys will be made in the USA . Please consider buyting the original and buying American made ... these are cheap , overseas knock-off 's . I guess we should take this as a compliment for the original design and we continue to make improvements as well as design options . Cheers ! J&J , Inventor and Co-Founders of Brewzkey , LLC To the companies selling these knock-off 's , please consider this as your first warning . We have hired a local legal firm to pursue our options for lawsuits .
 I ordered this one after my third aluminum keychain opener ate itself to death . This one is definitely much more durable , however the bottle notch is poorly formed . The pivot point is positioned too far away from the tooth and does n't hit anywhere near the center on a typical bottle cap . The tooth is also too small , so it often fails to catch on the lip on the first few tries.It is hard enough to work with that you actually have to practice in order to be able to open bottles . I find if I hand my keys to someone to open a bottle at a party , they usually give up after 3 or 4 tries and I have to open it for them .
 Key Bottle OpenerThe item shipped to me is not a branded Brewzkey . It is sturdy , well constructed , hard , stainless steel . The bottom edges are not beveled like the brewzkey , simply rounded . It takes at least two attempts at different angles to pry to open a bottle -- the angle on the opening apparatus seems a bit too open . I do not know if an actual name brand brewzkey would function any better . I 'd like to think that it would n't , if only because it means that I was n't totally screwed over .
 This resembles a key but it 's larger than most keys . I though that that was so it would work better , but turns out the size did n't matter . It takes several tries to open a bottle . Still better than opening a bottle with actual keys -LRB- as I 've had to do on occasion -RRB- , but not that great a product .
 The product looks great on my keychain but does not perform well at all . I would like to return it .
 Yes , it is possible to open a bottle with this , and it has a slick appearance . However , as others have mentioned , even positive reviewers , the design is not optimal , and it almost always takes a minimum of 2 prying efforts to remove a cap . This item is highly over-rated . Go with a wider style or the church key style opener if you plan to use it with any frequency .
 I bought one for my bf at the time , one for me . We both thought it looked awesome because it blended in with our other keys . alas , it is just about the worst bottle opener I 've ever tried to use . The bottom part does n't get a good hold of the cap of whatever you 're trying to open , and then you start hurting yourself and it 's just really inconvenient . usually it takes me 2-3 tries on different sections of the bottle cap to really get to my beer or whatever it is I 'm drinking . but aesthetically it 's awesome - I 'll give it that .
 Requires careful alignment of tooth to flute on beer cap , even then slips off 7 out of 10 tries . Most bottle caps are crimped on tight enough that you can not catch the edge of the cap to even get started . If you are lucky enough to grab the edge of the cap , the fulcrum of the brewskey will dent the cap to the point of puncturing it . The whole operation requires a lot of force since this opener has no leverage at all . Hey , a church key is the simplest tool in existence , and to make a crappy one is simply unforgivable ! You would do better with an old , rusty Boy Scout knife , since they all had a bottle opener blade !
 If I could , I would give this bottle opener zero stars . It does n't work , at all , with any size bottle cap . It just does n't get underneath the cap , the hook is to small and not long enough . Also , they must have started getting them mass produced or changed manufacturer because it did n't even come with the logo that they are shown with . Completely useless and only takes up space in your keychain .
 This bottle opener is too thin and does n't work really good . sorry , but for the price what do you expect
 I can open bottles with my teeth easier . Give me a stick , a lighter , a nail and I 'll open a bottle faster than with this piece of junk .
 I purchased this out of convenience from amazon . I am a Prime member , so I get it within 2 days . The bottle opener is total junk . It 's super thin and fails to grip bottle caps efficiently .
 I bought this because I liked the `` Brewzkey '' joke , and I needed a new bottle opener . But it does n't have the logo that it has in the picture ; instead it 's a monkey head -LRB- with no tag-line -RRB- . And it does n't have the leverage to open bottles well ; it takes a few starts to get the cap off .
 I could n't agree more with the other negative reviews on this site . The depressions for the cubes are too small , resulting in the need to fill the trays to the top to get decent-sized cubes , and when you do so , the water runs everywhere and the lid freezes to the tray , making the tray frustratingly difficult to open . These trays are actually less functional and harder to use than the cheap plastic ones you can buy everywhere for under a dollar .
 I bought this as a way to avoid freezer burn on my ice cubes . . did n't work out very well for me . Still had freezer burn getting in and sliding the top on and off when filled with water was difficult and messy.I bought the tupperware covered trays at the same time as I bought these and I love them .
 Yes , there is a cover , but no , it 's not remotely snug and so does not keep water from spilling on the way to the freezer or keep odors out , which was the main point of my buying this . In fact , the ends of the tray curve down instead of up , virtually inviting water to pour out the ends of the tray as you walk it to the freezer . Then , if your freezer placement is n't perfectly flat , you have water pouring into the freezer while you adjust it . Then afterwards , you have extra ice mass in the freezer and substantially smaller cubes -LRB- from the water loss -RRB- than you intended ! I kept using it b/c I could n't find another great Tupperware covered ice tray and the lid eventually cracked along one edge after a couple of years -LRB- not so with the Tupperware one -RRB- so I 've thrown it away . I agree with another reviewer - how on earth did this make it through OXO develolpment and quality control ??
 I had seen this in a magazine stating that it was a great product so I trusted and bought this because it looked so cool and is a great concept ; unfortunately it needs some work . The good part is you do n't have to fill each individual cube , you can just pour water in and it flows to the right part . The pushing each cube out sounds great but because ice expands and the bottom is flexible it gets stuck and you really ca n't get the cube out unless you let it melt a little before . The cube size is neat because it 's oval but they are a little big for my taste . I would wait a while and see if they make improvements on the design , hopefully someday .
 OXO normally makes wonderful products that feel solid , and this cheap plastic tray disappoints.I have n't had as many issues opening/closing the lid like others . However , i have to state something I feel is more aggravating - I hate putting the `` cubes '' in my drink and immediately hearing the ice crack , and then have it virtually disappear in a few minutes . The `` cubes '' have a very large surface area to volume , which is responsible for this.Instead I purchased Tovolo ice trays which offer real cubes , and ones with larger sizes that melt slower . The cubes keep their form , do n't immediately dissolve , and still cooling a drink while providing a small desirable amount of dilution.I guess it depends on what you want from your ice ... not for me .
 I was very exited to get this , as soon as they arrived i washed them and put some water in them and put the cover over them -LRB- which is hard to slide -RRB- . When i was taking them to the freezer they spilled , it looks like the design does not work ! I was very careful in taking the trays to the freezer and it just got me mad that the water was spilling everywhere
 These seem like a GREAT idea but they do not work ! Water spills all over . These should of never made it through OXO product development !
 Instead of a typical review , I urge you to read the one submitted by Blake Scholl above . He said basically everything that I was going to , and I feel it 's a 100 % accurate account of the product.I love OXO , but this ice cube tray is a pain in the arse . Its only redeeming quality is the fact that I can stack things on top of it because it is covered .
 I agree with another reviewer - I 'm disappointed that this product came from OXO Good Grips . This tray is not suited to easy , mess-free ice cube making . The cubes are small to start with , and then with the amount of spilling that comes from having to push so hard to close the lid , you barely have any water left . I think I 'll give mine to a new mom friend of mine - it seems like freezing baby food is the perfect use for these .
 This is a disappointing Oxo product - and I 'm a fan . Filling these results in water slopping all over the place - I have to dry the kichen floor after each attempt to put these in the freezer . Throwing it out.It 's also very space inefficient - tray takes up all the room of regular tray but produces only 50 % as much ice .
 I purchased these trays because I liked the idea of the lid to make extracting the ice cubes easier . While the extraction is , indeed , quite easy , the mess I 've made every time I 've attempted to fill them has made them useless.The cubes themselves are rather shallow , and there little to no wall outside of the filling area . Water does not flow well from one cube to the next , instead spilling over the side . Most frustrating to me is the fact that the entire tray is somewhat convex in shape , so balancing it horizontally to prevent spilling is next to impossible ; if one portion of the tray is horizontal , another portion will be at enough of an angle to pour its contents to the floor.I would definitely not recommend these to a friend , unless , perhaps , that friend has a particularly dirty kitchen floor that might benefit from an occasional soak .
 Every other Good Grips product I own was designed thoughtfully
 I have four covered trays made by Tupperware , I was trying to save a buck , bought four of these because I have liked other Oxo products . It was a mistake . While these work , the cubes are small , the trays are difficult to fill and cap without spilling water , and they are clunky in the freezer compartment . All I did was compromise , buy and waste my money , and now I need to go pay the full price for the Tupperware trays that work and that I should have bought to start with .
 I 'm an owner of more than ten other OXO products , and I bought their ice cube tray expecting a five star experience . Unfortunately , this tray falls far short.Bad : - As other reviewers have mentioned , I have a very hard time with the covers . It 's almost impossible to get them on without spilling water out the ends , and equally difficult to remove them after freezing . I do n't overfill the cubes -LRB- about 3/4 water level seems right -RRB- nor am I impatient - it is a matter of poor fit . - If you 're not careful , the shape of the tray makes it easy to spill water off the ends . Other ice cube trays have a lip on both sides . If you overfill or wobble on the way to the freezer , you will spill water with the OXO tray.Good : - The tray material is flexible and durable . It is very easy to get cubes out.Bottom Line : - This is a usable ice cube tray that will probably last a long time . If OXO corrects the lid fit problem and tendency for the tray to spill out the ends , I 'd give it at least 4 stars . As it stands now , 2 stars .
 The idea of covering ice cubes so that they do n't evaporate -LRB- a problem in frostless refrigerator/freezers -RRB- and do n't pick up strange odors is a good one . However , the cube trays in Oxo 's design are too shallow and the lid is very rigid . The lid does not slide closed at the outset and once frozen it does n't slide open . It 's a struggle to try to slide or clamp the lid onto the tray a good bit of water spills . After one use in the freezer , the lid seems to have warped a bit so that I have to force it as flat as I can while lining up the lid with the tray .
 I bought this tray on a Gold Box special as I needed new trays and this one sounded like it would solve a couple of problems with the lid feature . Well , the lid works to keep the ice from evaporating -LRB- subliming -RRB- and makes stacking easier , but filling the tray and getting it to the freezer makes a mess ! The shape does not allow multiple ice pockets to fill , and the V-center makes a perfect ditch for water to run down , out and onto the counter , floor , and into the freezer . Luckily , the item was inexpensive as it went into the trash can following one use .
 I really wanted to like this product . It seemed like a good idea . You fill it full of water and slide the cover over and place it in the freezer . No it was n't that easy . The cover is to snug and is jerky when closing and even more difficult when frozen . The ice that comes out is okay but no where big enough . I have a drawer freezer so placing the tray full of water always spills -LRB- no the lid is not water tight -RRB- This was a great idea just poorly executed . I would not recommend this product .
 Not even worth the 4.99 , When you put the water in the tray and put the top on - freeze it and then try to open it - good luck . Unless you make sure all the water is off the sizes before you put the top on the top freezes on . I have one I have banged and hit and the top still will not come off one end . Disgusted .
 I could n't hate this product more . There is no way to fill tray or close the lid without sloshing water everywhere . Then the very short trip to the fridge usually results in more dripping .1 . Make the lid watertight2 . Make the lid removable by either sliding or popping off if the slide area is obstructed .3 . Do something about that weird slant the trays have that does n't allow the water to flow smoothly between cube spaces as you fill it . Usually resulting in overflow & spillage from the spaces you 've already filled .
 How hard is it to find a decent ice tray ? Well keep looking , because this is not it.It does make ice -LRB- woohoo -RRB- but the cubes are very shallow , and the lid is hard to get on and off .
 They did n't design the cover well enough so the ice would not lock it . So in general you 'll always have to fight to get your ice .
 This ice cube tray make fantastic ice . Be carefull with the slider as it may get frozen to the tray .
 I 'm a huge fan of OXO , and own lots of their utensils , but these are terrible . The cube ports do not have a lip , so water spills constantly on the trip from the counter to the freezer -LRB- even if you fill well below the rim , which results in a very small cube -RRB- . The plastic cover , supposedly designed to keep out odors , leaves a gap all the way around the tray , making it easy for odors to penetrate the cubes -LRB- and adding to the spilled water annoyance -RRB- . Do n't waste your money ; you will only be frustrated .
 Although the idea of these ice cube trays is great the actual use and operation of them is not . They can be very difficult to open up after they have frozen your ice cubes . Needless to say that is frustrating and it ends up making a mess all over with pieces of chipped ice and so on . The internal surface of the lid sticks to the ice cubes making opening up the tray very difficult if not impossible and leads to frustration and a mess in general.I would not recommend these to my friends or family .
 No tray releases the ice more easily than these OXO trays , and the shape of the ice is different , but the lids are difficult to use . The trays do n't fit in the ice tray compartment , and there is much wasted space in the handle ends . The lids are nice for stacking outside of the compartment , and especially helpful for freezing ingredients like broth and tomato paste - but those lids are difficult to put on.If you like large cubes and have limited freezer space , I suggest you look at other brands .
 Total piece of crap . At $ 9:00 when I bought it in June of '12 it was defective . Now , for a dollar more , and an month later , OXO has fixed the product after discovering how bad the first version sucked . Last OXO product I 'll ever buy . Is all their stuff impulsively designed , produced , sold and then improved based on the failure of the first version ? Do n't buy this thing . If you do , you 'll be sorry . OXO says , `` DirectionsTo Fill
 Covers do n't slide on or off easily , so you end up with water all over your floor . Thanks OXO !!! Nice job .
 Mr. Scholl 's and all other negative reviews of the OXO covered ice tray are right on the mark . I bought two of these and although I agree the concept is great , they are sooooo poorly executed and a pain to use . Not only are the lids difficult , the trays are hard to fill without spilling water -LRB- whether from your kitchen sink or from a pitcher -RRB- . The curved shape indeed makes novel shaped ice but because of spillage you end up with many of the ice cups partially filled . You end up with ice that melts quickly . It would have been much better to make square cups and a flat bottom on the tray . Getting the lid off is another major production . It does not slide easily to fill or to remove ice . Good idea , yes but totally awful execution . OXO gets an `` F '' on this one . I 'm giving mine away . I bought a couple silicone cube shape trays at the same time and I am going to stick to them until someone comes up with a really great user friendly tray that makes generous sized ice .
 They drip water on the way to the freezer from the sink , the cubes are small , they are hard to open when frozen .
 When I first saw these tray I bought them IMMEDIATELY ! I was so excited because this is a great way to keep things out of the water while it 's freezing . I thought this was a fabulous idea.But the covers are difficult to get on and off . When you pull them off theyre stuck at first , so you pull harder , then I usually end up with a fast jerk , causing the water to spill everywhere , or cubes to fall out.The cube shapes themselves are half moons , so the water just falls out of them so easily and all over the floorEVERYDAY when I refill the trays with water and put the covers on I end up having to wipe water off the floor.I ended up throwing them away and getting normal deep cubed tray.This is an EXCELLENT idea , but I think they need to go back to the drawing board with this one.I hope they do because I 'd love to buy an improved version .
 These trays are not spillproof . I guess it does n't say that in the advertisement but I assumed since they had lids that they would be spillproof . I guess I assumed incorrectly . Also , they are larger than regular trays so they did not fit into my freezer space as I had planned .
 I LOVE OXO items . They make some great products , unfortunatly they make some bad ones too . This is a bad one . I bought this so store leftover chicken stock in -LRB- I saw someone making leftover stock into stock cubes and saving it for another day -RRB- . Well I filled up the tray and started to put the lid on , which make the stock start spilling out . After fighting with if for like a mintue I decided , well there is no way I 'm going to be able to carry this perfectly level across the kitchen so keep it from spilling so I gave up . OXO should discontinue this item .
 I bought these mainly because I was hoping they would be easy to stack in my freezer . They do n't stack any better than regular trays . The tray is shaped in such a way that all extra water flows off the tray and onto the floor ; rather than most trays where the extra water flows into the next cube.I 've actually taken to filling the trays in the freezer with my brita pitcher to avoid carrying the trays across the kitchen . The cover sticks making it very difficult to slide it on without the water falling all over the floor . Once the ice cubes are actually made it performs well . You can serve the ice cubes one by one . But honestly , I 'm thinking I 'll just go back to regular trays .
 Excellent concept but bad execution . The cover is hard to take out once the ice hardened . I dont believe on the quality of all products made by OXO from now on .
 When I bought this cooler it came in a box and the part for the cupholder was glue on not properly and i believe it use . do n't buy from them .
 The bristles definately fall out . I 'm tired of having to pick them off of my BBQ 'd chicken . I 'm in the process of looking for a silicone brush that wo n't have this problem .
 noticed bristles on this brush coming out on first use . Not Pleased . always thought OXO made quality products , been happy with their products in the past but this basting brush is either a defective unit or defective design in general .
 I owned this brush for a little less than a week . After running it through the dishwasher once -LRB- top shelf -RRB- , it fell apart on me . I was fortunate that I discovered Good Grips when I needed to equip a new kitchen with lots of gadgets and I am usually 100 % satisifed . This is definitely the exception . Good if you are looking for a one time use , disposable basting brush .
 Run , do not walk , away from this brush . I do n't know what type of glue they used to hold the bristles in but it must be the Post-It Note glue .
 Usually Oxo products are terrific , but this one is awful . The bristles come out of the brush -LRB- and into your food -RRB- . Avoid it .
 I have almost all of the good grips accesories and I think they are great . But not this basting brush . Everytime I use it the bristles come out and I end up picking hairs off my food . I am so afraid to use it when I have guests because I do n't want them to think I am losing my hair in their dinner . I threw mine away . Good Grips , invent a better basting brush and I will still buy it ! : -RRB-
 This brush was great for awhile on my grilled stuff , as well as on all of my baked items . Unfortunately after about ten washes half of the bristles came out at once ! Oy . Do n't buy this one unless you do n't want something that lasts .
 This is the worst basting brush I have ever encountered . At first countless bristles fell out in my food and every time I washed it . -LRB- Although it 's dishwasher safe , it failed to come clean in there , even after a big squirt of dawn and much hand washing it is n't spotless , but I think I pulled most of the loose bristles out in the process . -RRB- It also does n't stand up to any heat , I use it to lightly grease my griddle for pancakes and things -LRB- at about 375 degrees -RRB- becuase I do n't like the residue left by Pam , and it shrinks and flakes bristle bits every time . I also do n't like the Good Grips in general -LRB- these were a gift -RRB- the handles are too bulky and take up too much space in my utensil crock and limited apartment kitchen drawers .
 A few months after buying and using this brush , * all * the bristles fell out in one big clump . Yikes !
 the bristles come out non-stop . oxo took back my first , sent a replacement , which proceeded to do the same thing . shoddy build on this item , stay away . That said , OXO has great customer service and other products I 've used are better .
 The motor was made in China . The first motor the gear did not mate up . It made a loud grinding sound . I returned it and the second motor worked OK
 We received this ice cream maker for Christmas , 2009 , & used it maybe 8-10 times & made wonderful ice cream , but the motor has burned out today . I looked up the price of a new motor & is $ 109.00 . There is only a 1-yr warranty , so we only used it for one & 1/2 summers & it 's shot ! What a piece of Chinese junk !
 The second time I used the freezer , the motor sounded terrible ! I have not contacted the company , but wil do so soon . Hopefully , they will send me a new motor . Too expensive to only work 1time .
 Purchased the White Mountain 6 quart unit about 14 months ago . I loved it for the first year , but after about 12 batches the motor has now ground to a halt . I read the reviews when I first purchased the ice cream maker and now am a believer that the unit is a giant piece of junk . Do not purchase this unit .
 Purchased the Freezer July 25,2010 . First use was not successful . The motor is defective . I am extremely disappointed in the freezer.Please e-mail me as how to resolve this problem .
 I received this as a Christmas gift . When I finally got a chance to use it this summer the gears started grinding after less than five minutes . The motor shrieks like there is also a bad bearing in the top . If I take the power head off and shake it , it will sometimes run a few seconds quietly . When running quietly the drive goes about twice as fast as when it 's noisy . The power transmission is the heart of an icre cream maker -- I can see expecting a cheap machine with plastic gears to have a short life span . This , however , is not a cheap machine with plastic gears . Have contacted Rival and received no feed back other than the automated message claiming 1 to 2 business days . Hopefully they will make this right and I can revise the review ; otherwise my recommendation is to run the other way so you do n't also end up getting three quarts of ice cream out of a $ 180 unit . I would give the machine zero stars if I could at this point .
 Dont buy this one unless you want Alzheimer 's disease . It should have a stainless steel sleeve not Aluminum . also anything with acid in it will attack the Aluminum and yummy Aluminum lemon sorbet will result . All chefs know if you use a whisk in an alumium pot your white sauce will be grey -LRB- full of Aluminum -RRB- Cheap nasty machine .
 I bought this and the first time I put it together the latch that secures the motor came right off . So I returned it and Amazon was kind enough to immediately send me a replacement . The replacement lasted a little longer . I was at least able to secure the motor and begin to use it when once again the latch came off and I had no way of securing the motor to the bucket . I 'm returning it for a refund this time and shopping for a different freezer .
 After many years of having one , these are new and por wood construction , the electric motor binds and sticks on dashers , Spending a hr to pre soak the tub to prevent water loss is a waste of time , . Do not buy this , Decal cheap , wood is pine and very weak , handle bail comes loose
 I love making homemade ice cream , but have to say the Rival plastic tubs ones are much better . This beast requires a hammer to close the latch , impossible to get put together , and if the paddles happen to be turned when you turn it off - good luck getting them out at all . By the time you are done , you are worn out and sweaty fighting this thing . Oh , and it leaks and you have to put it in a plastic tub .
 We purchased the 6 quart electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer online and after making about 6 churns of ice cream , the motor begin to excreet a black oily substance onto the top of the churn while processing . After making one contact after another to determine the warranty in attempt to get the motor replaced , I learned that this expensive ice cream freezer has only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- year of warranty . The motor cost about $ 90.00 to replace . We used the product while camping with our friends . Our friends then purchased the same product . After making 6 churns of ice cream , their motor went bad too . We have deemed this product totally unsatisfactory and will never again brag on the White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer nor recommend to any of our friends . We are now using a $ 19.99 ice cream freezer from Walmart which still works after 10 years ! The White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer does not live up to the old standards of the White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer that my parents used !
 I received this as a wedding gift a few years ago . I use 2 to 3 times per year on average . After 2 years the latch mechanism came off the bucket , so I had to fix it . Last year the motor seized up , so I hit it and it started working . I had to do that every time last year . Also , it seemed to have less turning power . The first time I tried it this year , it did n't work at all . I took the top of the motor off and the spindle spun freely . I took the gearbox apart and greased everything up . It still does n't work . I guess I 'll have to buy a new ice cream freezer . This time it wo n't be a White Mountain . It 's overpriced for the durability . I think I 'll buy an ice cream freezer with a compressor , so I do n't have to mess with the ice and salt .
 We wanted to buy an Ice Cream freezer for the summer and immediately thought `` White Mountain '' ... what else would you buy . Even though the freezer price was a bit high , we decided to go by the old addage `` You get what you pay for '' . Well ... in this case we did not get what we paid for . On the first use , it worked perfectly . On the second use we plugged it in and it sounded like it was grinding rocks . It was so loud that we could not sit near it . We had it spinning but the grinding would go in and out and sometimes last for a few minutes . I disconnected it and took the motor off , plugged it in , and it did the same thing . I also noticed that there was a large deposit of black oil on the top of the cannister.Do not buy this unit . I am not sure what company owns White Mountain now but its obvious they are trying to build it cheaper and sell it using the original White Mountain reputation . It has the words `` Made in China '' on the side of the motor but the description indicates `` Made in USA '' . What a cop out.Amazon did us right and took it back without any questions . This review is not a reflection of Amazon.com .
 IS A SIMPLE MOTOR SO HARD TO BUILD THESE DAYS ... Mine crashed after the second use . REALLY DISAPPOINTED : -LRB- This a bad imitation of the real White Mountain , not even close . I suspected that when I saw a mispelled spanish word on the box . It is CUARTOS NOT CURATOS YOU CHINESSE LOOSERS ...
 The best home made ice cream ever . Easy to operate . Great recipes come with machine . Well worth the cost .
 We were very disappointed in this product . The White Mountain name no longer guarantees a high quality American product . The latch apparatus was very cheaply constructed ; the motor would not even latch onto the bucket . We were disappointed that White Mountain uses cheap Chinese labor but continues to sell at a very high price .
 I was very disappointed in this purchase . Used it twice and the latch broke off . There are no clear instructions with it . The lid never fit properly . The ice cream would run out into the ice . Way overpriced . Actually I would not take it if you paid me to .
 Although this ice cream maker seems to be top-of-the-line , it breaks after only a few uses . Although the box boasts a `` 5 Year Warranty ! '' the cheap , POS motor has a 1 year warranty . So when my husband bought this for me for Christmas 2009 , the warranty started ticking then . I think we made ice cream once or twice Summer 2010 , and then when I went to use it this summer -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , it made a horrible screeching noise . I called customer service for a replacement -LRB- based on the stated 5 year warranty -RRB- , and was told sorry , but I could take 15 % off a new $ 100 motor today ! Screw you . It 's frustrating to think that I could have spent half as much for a cheap ice cream maker that would either still be working , or I would n't care about when it broke . Too bad , this is otherwise a seemingly-nice ice cream maker - the other parts work well . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 It makes good ice cream , but my goodness is it noisy ! For that money I expected a substantially quieter machine .
 I have had my WM 6qt for 11 months . The ice cream was great but the motor has stopped working . BE AWARE THAT AMAZON only warranties this product for 30 days . The manufactures warranty for the motor is one year . I now have to go to the hassle of contacting White Mountain and securing service for a product that they did not sell to me . I anticipate issues . For a unit that cost this much the seller should back it for the indicated periods.White Mt was very easy to deal with and did replace the motor . I only gope is that it last longer . Great Ice Cream .
 I purchased the 6-quart electric freezer . I used the first one only one time successfully . The motor burned up the second time I tried to use it . Amazon/White Mountain replaced the motor free of charge . However , the second motor only lasted 2 times . What a disappointment for this much money !!
 I purchased the White Mountain Ice Cream maker from Amazon as a gift for Christmas for my wife . She requested it after seeing one owned by our friends at a summer party . Their unit was 10 + years old and they made ice cream every Sunday , this was a well built American-made product . My wife was thrilled to open the ice cream maker on Christmas day.Now for the bad part . After pulling this unit out of the box , it did not look the same as the old one we saw this summer . It had `` Made in China '' labels on the motor , etc. . I tested the motor under no load and it made a horrible grinding noise , then started a high picthed whine , then started to smoke.I have returned the product to Amazon for a full refund . I wish I had read the newest reviews of this product first . White Mountain sold their product to Rival and now the product is junk ! It is a real shame .
 I had more problems with this unit then it was worth . It was really hard to close the latch , I had to use a hammer many times . The mixing blades dont seem to do a great job . I really love making icecream but this unit takes the fun out of it for me . The wooden base sometimes leaks and I do not want to spend the time trying to make the wood swell before using it each time . A plastic base is much better .
 I will be returning this ice cream freezer within the week . I have made ice cream with it 3 times and yesterday when I tried to make it again the motor was making a terrible noise . I had previously returned another one of this same freezer due to problems with the motor . I do not recommend it . My first White Mountain lasted for years but I do not think it was made by Rival . I 've had nothing but problems with the Rival White Mountain electric ice cream freezer .
 Once a year in Nashville we participate in a city wide ice cream making contest to benefit a local charity . The winner has their ice cream produced by Purity Dairies for a year . Every year I try out different flavors and tweak my recipes to enter . I 've won a couple of ribbons for my effort . A few years back I splurged and purchased a White Mountain Freezer because cheaper brands did not have a powerful enough motor to freeze ice creams containing lots of cream , chocolate , or eggs . The good news is that the White Mountain worked -- initially . The bad news is that in only a few years , I have had to replace the motor three times and the replacement cost is almost as much as the original machine . Each time it fails more quickly than the time before . Do not rely on the overall rating for this machine as many reviews are written by new owners whose motors have not yet failed . It does make great ice cream , but only for a while .
 I am very disappointed with the rival White Mountain freezer . If I am lucky in 4-6 weeks I will receive a fed ex sticker to return my defective motor with . The first person I spoke with after using the freezer 3 times and it broke , said they would send me a new moter . That was great . Then they called me back and said , oops , bad info you need to send the bad one back . We know we have issues with bad motors but sorry , you need to send it back and we will try to repair it . After 2 weeks I called back and they said it will take 4-6 weeks just to send a sticker in the mail . Who knows how long before I get a repaired , defective motor back ! Needless to say , I will not be purchasing anything from Rival in the future.I will be careful what I buy from Amazon at all . I was very disgusted by this shoddy service as well as the shoddy product I was sold . Thanks for nothing Rival !!!
 The current crop of motors for the White Mountain freezers have a terrible flaw . The electric motor itself is fine but the gears in the transmission are made from substandard material . The first sprocket after the motor will wear on the shaft and will soon disengage from the motor . Before this happens you will hear the popping noises as the teeth of this secondary gear are whittled down . This has happened 2 times . In the summer of 2008 White Mountain replaced the failed motor of a unit we purchased in 2007 . We used it the rest of the summer to make a batch of ice cream every 2 or 3 weeks . We used it in May of 2009 and the replacement motor failed in the same way . The freezer makes excellent ice cream but it just wo n't do it for very long . Save the money and use it for trips to Baskin Robbins .
 Very disappointed in this White Mountain ice cream freezer . After 3 uses the motor stopped working . White Mountain used to be a premier manufacturer , but not anymore . It 's a shame because the first 3 batches of ice cream came out great , even though the motor literally screamed when you used it . I had read quite a lot of reviews that said the same thing , but I was hoping they had improved their product because of all the bad reviews , but they did n't .
 An expensive machine with cheap parts , and crappy workmenship . After first use the latch that hold the motor in place fell off . -LRB- A small rivet broke -RRB- We replaced it with a 3/16 '' nut and bolt . Now we 'll see what else fails .
 Yes , it makes ice cream but you ca n't eat it.Inside the container where the mixture is poured , there is a beater which stirs it as it freezes . The sides of this beater are thin wooden slats connected onto the cast metal beater by a few , cheap metal screws . These screws get wiggled back and forth while the container spins around in the ice . When it finished I was scooping out the ice cream and I found black streaks in it . You had to look closely but they were there . I do n't like the idea of aluminum.This was a very cheap and not well thought out way of connecting the wood to the metal . Poor workmanship . Not recommended .
 I was considering buying the once reputable White Mountain Electric Ice Cream Freezer until I noticed all the dissatisfied buyers who purchased from 2009 to present ! From 2009 to present not a single review is positive as all have stated that the machines broke down . They are now MADE IN CHINA and JUNK !!!!!!!!
 Unfortunately I never got a chance to test this machine because the motor jammed up after only 2 minutes . I had barely started putting ice into it . I had guests coming over so was forced to go buy a cheap maker for the party . I am ordering a replacement that I hope will actually work .
 Although this item arrived when expected -LRB- I 'm a Amazon Prime customer -RRB- , I only got to use the White Mountain 6 qt ice cream maker 1 time - on the 4th of July . The 2nd time I was able to use it , the motor burned up . If I had not decided to check it , it would have caught our house on fire.The worse part is is that Amazon recommends contacting the manufacturer for warranty repairs/returns even though I have only had the unit for about 6wks . It arrived June 11 , 2010 .
 It locks up about 50 % of the time and then you can barely get it apart with a hammer and that is BEFORE the ice cream is frozen and still in liquid form . For the cost , it should last a lifetime with NO problems ! Would NEVER buy it again !
 My family has been using White Mountain ice cream freezers for over 30 years . My father had to replace his after 15 years for reasons that were not the manufacturers fault . I bought my first freezer a couple years later . These new freezers may carry the White Mountain name , but they are no way in the same class as the originals . Rival is the new owner of the White Mountain name . The new freezers are prone to break , IMO . After 2 years , the motor on my new freezer broke some teeth off the internal gears and became unusable . My father 's new Rival White Mountain had almost the exact same problem . The support process with Rival is even worse . Getting a new replacement part is impossible .
 I researched for a new ice cream maker for months . I read reviews on all the major ones . I finally decided on this one after reading all the great reviews here . Machine worked great the first two times . Then it started not freezing the ice cream completely . By the fifth use , it was not freezing at all and the motor was making a weird noise . The last time we used it -LRB- March , 2011 -RRB- it would not work at all . I contacted customer service . They told me to send them a copy of the receipt showing that it had been purchased within a 12 month period . I wrote them back stating that it says on the side of the bucket that it had a 5 year warranty . I received another email today telling me that the bucket and the container have a 5 year warranty and that the motor only contains a 1 year warranty . Had I known this , I would have just purchased a cheap one from Wal-Mart and replaced it every year .
 Beach Camera 's customer service is terrible ! We received this ice cream freezer as a gift . It was purchased from Beach Camera through Amazon . We returned the item as instructed , and when we tried to get a replacement from Beach Camera , they wanted to charge us an extra $ 53 dollars for all of our trouble ! They refused to just send a replacement that worked ! Following an afternoon on the phone , going between Amazon and Josh at Beach Camera , Amazon finally made the situation right and is going to send out a replacement . I found out that Amazon can only control the customer service for items that were purchased and fullfilled from Amazon , not from a third party vendor like Beach Camera . If you choose to purchase from this vendor , then hope and pray that the item is not defective , because if you have to deal with Beach Camera 's customer service department , you may be out of luck !
 I purchased this product in June of ' 09 . I have used it less than 10 times and the gear drive in the motor unit has completely destroyed itself . There is a one year warranty on the item , but mine did not break until month 13 ! Although I had a parts list in my user manual , the manufacturer no longer will sell the individual parts within the motor head . They now only sell the complete motor assembly for $ 86.99 ! After making a fuss I was able to get 25 % off of that price . And of course the new motor comes with a 30 day warranty.Beware ! If you buy , you will be shelling out additional money to keep this thing running . It not a lie when they say , `` They just do n't build them like the used too !!!! ''
 I purchase 2 of the original 6qt electric mixers and loved them both . We are big on homemade icecream . However when an internal gear wore out I tried to find the replacement part only to find that White mountain had been sold to Rival and the parts were no longer made . So mine is dead . Now I find that Rival the has moved the Mfg to china and add an X after the model number and the new model is complete junk . Do n't waste your money on the new model they are n't worth a 10th of the price . Good Bye to another great American product and company .
 What a disappointment . I purchased this ice cream maker just about year ago . Since then I have only made about four batches of ice cream . From the very first use the gear box made so much noise it was obnoxious . Now , after the fourth use , it has failed miserably . I spent premium dollars on what I thought was a premium product . It is more or less advertised as 150 years of American quality and history that turned out be a piece of Chinese crap . Stay away.Update 11/11/12In fairness
 My grandparents have owned this ice cream maker for more than 30 years and still continue to use it . I wanted to buy one that I could use for a long time as well . I read the reviews on this machine before buying it and noted that the owner/manufacturer sold the company several years ago . The motors are now being produced in China . I decided to give it a chance but have regretted my purchase ever since . I have used it about 10 times in the last year . After the 2nd time of using it , the gears because stripped and the motor now makes a horrible screaming sound . The engine still turns , so I continue to use it , but I have to put it outside and place blankets or towels on top of it to keep the noise from shattering my eardrums . The latch that is supposed to hold the motor in also has never worked . The new owners of this company bought a great name , and are now manufacturing a substandard product at what I am sure is a fraction of the previous costs . If you want a quality ice cream maker , DO NOT , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT until they bring it back to the standard that it once was . If it is going to continue to be this standard , I would not have paid more than $ 10 for the product .
 Since we bought our 69206 electric freezer three years ago , it has made noises like it was on it 's last leg . Finally , it quit working this past weekend .
 PACKAGED WELL . DID NOT USE FOR APPROX . ONE MONTH AFTER ARRIVAL . ELECTRIC MOTOR SOUNDS TERRIBLE . SECOND TIME THE MOTOR SEIZED . APPEARS AS THOUGH THIS UNIT MAY HAVE BEEN RETURNED MERCHANDISE . BUYER BEWARE .
 I purchased a White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer in July 2011 ... well didnt use it until Aug 20 , 2011 ... the motor screeches and is so loud you can hardly stand to be in the same room with it ... so afraid it is going to burn the motor up after just one use ... and yes it is in the freezer correctly ... when you take it off and just plug in the motor ... it makes the same horrible noise . Well guess what ... to late to send in for a full refund now ... my fault for not reading ... oh but you can send it back in for a partial refund ???? where the heck do you find out how much of your $ 139.00 you are gon na get back after one use ... it should have never been shipped to anyone in the first place !!!! So dissapointed !!! Is there not a phone number shere you can speak to a representative ??
 We purchased this product last year , made approximately 6 churns of ice cream , and the motor burned up . Company would not honor any warranty . We spent alot of money for this machine and have not been impressed . A dud .
 Received freezer and the motor was already bad . It smelt like burnt wires and was so loud we had to unplug it . Packaged it up and sent it back . Still have not received a refund . Will never order again .
 After growing with a White Mountain freezer , I believed it was the best machine to have . I finally purchased one , and to my dismay the motor quit working the second time I tried to use it . To be fair , when I called the company they said they would immediately send me a new motor . The new motor is actually in transit . I hope this solves the problem .
 I purchased my electric White Mountain ice cream freezer in 1993 . One of the reduction drive gears finally wore out in the head unit . Like other reviewers , I 'm finding that you can not purchase components -LRB- bushings , gear sets , etc. -RRB- to repair these great old ice cream makers . An electric head unit -LRB- motor and drive assembly -RRB- can be purchased , but they 're cheap Chickity-China garbage !! Hand crank units are still available , but I 've heard the late model ones also have cheap Chinese made gear sets -LRB- some plastic -RRB- and will not last for more than a few batches of ice cream ! What a shame this company is trading off the old reliable reputation of one the last traditional American made products . Guess I 'll just have to design my own drive unit .
 Took it to a family reunion seven hours away from our home . The grandchildren wanted homemade ice cream . This was the third time I used it . Sparks flew from the motor . It made a horrible noise and died . The children were very disappointed , and I am still mad . It is an expensive piece of junk ! Do not buy .
 I HAVE OWENED 3 NOW AND THE FIRST ONE WAS WHITE MOUNTAIN ORIGINAL OWNER AND SINCE THE OWERSHIP HAS CHANGED THE WOOD IN THE BUCKET MUST BE DIFFERENT . I NEVER USED TO HAVE TO PRE SOAK BUCKET BEFORE USE BUT NOW I NEED TO . THE NEWER BUCKETS DO NOT LAST AS LONG AS THE OLD ORIGINAL UNIT DID . I AM NOT PLEASED HOW THE BUCKETS NOW HOLD UP AND THE PRICES HAVE GONE CRAZY . MY NEW BUCKET I HAVE TAKEN TO A SHOP THAT IS GOING TO FIBERGLASS INSIDE AND OUTSIDE TO SEE IF THIS WILL GIVE ME LONGER SERVICE .
 I bought this icecream maker in 2009 and had only used it about four times . Now this last time i went to use it 2011 , the motor screeches and my husband says the gears are stripped . I 'm sure it is not returnable . What a hunk of junk . This is truly a disappointment especially because I never even came close to getting my moneys worth . I will now look to buy a cuisinart and tell everyone to not purchase this item !
 Just after my warranty expired , the motor quit working . I was thinking that spending this much for an ice cream freezer would mean it would last a long time . Not so ! Everything is in good condition except the motor . Very dissatisfied
 We have been successful making ice cream once with this freezer . The motor bogs down with only the slightest load -LRB- sometimes immediately after plugging it in -RRB- . I guess we 'll have to buy a new motor . From other online information it seems like this version was faulty and has been updated . Too bad for me .
 White Mountain NDWMIME611 6-Quart Wooden-Bucket Electric-Motor Ice-Cream MakerI bought this item last year and had to return it as soon as it came . The first time we used the freezer , it was so loud we could n't stand to be in the room with it . The sound was ear piercing ! They promptly sent a replacement , but it was also very loud . Now , after using this churn a total of 4 times , it no longer will turn . I have had it less than 11 months . I would have been better off to buy a cheap one and replace it after each use than to waste my money with this product . I had read some of the bad reviews , but thought they were just a fluke , not the case at all ! This product is junk !!!!!!
 During the spring , summer , and fall , I make ice cream a couple times a month . It has been a family tradition for many years . In my youth , mom & dad made ice cream often and Dad had a hand crank White Mountain freezer that lasted for the better part of a quarter century . I have had 2 of the newer White Mountain electric freezers in the past 3 years and 3 replacement motors . What once was a well made American product , is now a Chinese made piece of junk , cleverly disguised as the old reliable White Mountain freezer . Two of the relacement motors stripped the gears on the second batch of cream . Stay away from this freezer until White Mountain decides it will make this high priced product of the quality it once was .
 I was fortunate enough to have an old White Mountain freezer my parents used for many years . Wanting to keep it in the family I purchased a NEW White Mountain Freezer with both Hand Crank and Electric . I can only repeat what others in this category have written . First the electric motor burned out after 4 uses and rather than spend the money on a new motor we were just going to use the Hand Crank . Well , then the tub started to leak as written by others . For a couple of times you can soak the tub but then the cheaply made metal bands stretch/rust and the tub simply begins to spread apart . The OLD White Mountain must be at least 30 years old and the tub still does not leak . Rival has ruined a good name . I actually still use the old unit once a year for tradition sake and have purchased a Cuisinart 2 Quart model with the tub you put inn the freezer . Less ice cream but just as tastey and no salt or ice !
 I purchased the 6-Quart freezer in May 05 and I am very dissapointed for the following reason . Not long after we received it it started leaking thru the sides -LRB- seams -RRB- between the slats . . We contacted Amazon and they told us to soak the wooden tub in water for at least 24 hours , and the wood would swell to stop the leak . . Well we soaked the tub for the 24 hours and after some time we got it out to use again and the side had separated about 1/4 inch between 2 of the slats . Needless to say it will not hold the brian now to make it freeze , so I guess it is totally worthless . . Now to say the least I am very very dissapointed after spending all the money for this freezer.Leigh Ferguson
 After five uses , one of the parts in the motor broke and now it wo n't churn . It is less than a month old and has been used to make 5 single quart batches of ice cream . I ca n't believe that the manufacturer would allow such cheap parts to be used in a $ 200 `` commercial grade '' motor . When it did work , the ice cream was amazing . I 'm just glad it 's still in warranty .
 Purchased the 6 qt White Mountain in July of 2005 and have used it maybe a dozen times and have treated it well . After trying to use it the other day after running for about 2 minutes the motor started slowing and smoking and then finally stopped . So here I was with a waste of about $ 12 worth of ingredients and ice . So I took the motor assembly apart as I am a fix it yourself kind of person and the gears inside the assembly were gummed up and rusted together and would n't turn so I took it all apart and cleaned all the gears and the assembly well and put them back together with new grease . It seemed to work OK until we tried with ice cream again and then after about 5 minutes the motor smoked and stopped turning . After doing some research on the net , seems this is a common problem so I called White Mountain and they said they would ship me a new motor for $ 87 plus shipping and that it is out of warranty . Come on White Mountain , a $ 200 freezer should n't quit working after only about 12 uses , I 've seen the plastic $ 25 ones last for many years and gallons of ice cream . And no thanks to spending half the cost of a new one for a part that was obviously faulty . I would NOT recommend this product .
 One has to wonder if Rival is cashing in the White Mountain reputation with cheap off-shore junk . We thought we were buying the ice cream maker we always wanted but it turned into a huge disappointment . On the third use the motor started with a hideous loud screeching noise . I thought it must be a fluke but another reviewer noted the same problem . More disturbing still was that after calling Rival for warranty service -LRB- mistakenly believing I could not return it to Amazon -RRB- I was sucked into their nightmarish support system . Assured that a new machine would be shipped to me if I would fax my receipt , I did so and waited a week before checking on the stutus of the warranty claim . They said that my fax had not been received in spite of my fax confirmation . Faxed again and called again . But no , I ca n't call them , they have to get the fax and call me , but they ca n't say when . While on hold I figure out Amazon 's return system . So against the possibility that a replacement would last long enough that I might have to rely on Rival 's warranty support , I decided just to get a refund rather than exchange it . -LRB- Follow up note
 We were given a plastic electric ice cream freezer for our wedding which froze good ice cream approximately 4 times per year for 25 years . After 24 years it started to take a long time to freeze a batch so I started researching something new . I figured a new one could last me many years if I bought a really good freezer . I surveyed friends and family and read everything I could find online and chose the White Mountain F69206-X 6-Quart Electric Ice Cream Freezer . It froze ice cream fairly quickly for 2 years -LRB- 4 times per year -RRB- . I was n't crazy about the airy creamy texture of the ice cream but after freezing the leftovers in the deep freeze it tasted almost as good as ice cream from our old freezer . I thoroughly wash all parts when finished and store open and separate parts to avoid rust etc. . I do n't get the motor wet . Earlier this year it took a very long time to freeze a batch of ice cream and then this week it roared when I plugged it in . My husband took it apart to oil some parts and could see that one of the problem parts was even deeper and would require more time to dig into . So he stopped , put the motor back together , and I used the freezer which was making a little less noise after the oiling . It still took longer than before but it worked . In the meantime I borrowed my daughter 's garage sale freezer to freeze the other batch and it worked great . Since I have n't used the freezer many times I looked into returning , but Amazon wo n't return after this long.I HOPE WHITE MOUNTAIN CARES ABOUT IT 'S REPUTATION AND WILL MAKE THIS RIGHT.I 'm a good Amazon customer and would appreciate their help with this as well.BUT CONSUMERS BE WARNED THE EXTRA MONEY FOR THIS FREEZER IT WASTED .
 Since White Mountain Ice Cream Freezers are well-known as the Cadillac of ice cream makers , I failed to read reviews before placing my order . BIG MISTAKE ! We followed the preparation directions explicitly and were very disappointed with the results . As soon as we plugged in the motor , we had to quickly insert earplugs to protect our hearing . The motor screeched off and on for over 42 minutes and the ice cream never hardened . We noticed the sticker on the motor said `` Made in China '' so that explains the problem . After digging a little further , I found out that Rival owns White Mountain . I have been making soft home-made ice cream for years with my Rival Ice Cream Freezer , so I 'm returning the White Mountain a.s.a.p. for a full refund . What a disappointment ! Do n't buy a White Mountain . Save your money ! If you have an old White Mountain that was made in the USA , count yourself lucky ! The only good thing about this purchase was the ease of return with Amazon 's great customer service .
 True to form , The RIVAL Co. , has totally destroyed another great American product . White Mountain freezers were the best made freezer in the country . Now , they have been cheapened to being outsourced in China . Believe me , you do not get what you pay for . What I would give for The Rival Co. to go back to the original design they obtained , when they bought White Mountain , and return the product to the quality it once was . It is no longer worth owning , at even half the price . The electric motor is now made in China , and the first one I received of the ` new ' inferior quality had to be returned because the gear mechanism was torn up when I plugged it in for the very first time . Upon receiving a second one , the quality is totally inferior to the old product standard . The metal can can be bent with a finger , and the aluminum canister top is so thin , it would break if dropped from a countertop distance . The only thing that has n't been degraded yet is the dasher . I believe it is because they have n't found a satisfactory way to make a dasher out of plastic . The cast metal one is indestructible , but the dasher alone does n't make for a quality product . Besides , in another year or two , the dasher will be changed , or else RIVAL will pull the product from their line as a ` non-seller ' . Planned obsolescence I guess ! More credit to the good ole ' USA and greedy corporations . DEFINITELY NOT worth the price charged .
 I have owned many bargain priced ice cream makers , so I decided to purchase , the supposed , best ice-cream maker on the market the White Mountain . To date , the first ice cream maker that I ordered was broken on arrival , the second one the motor quit working after only 6 uses , and the third one is still undetermined as I have only used it twice .
 The motor makes so much noise that we could hear it outside our house while the ice cream maker was in our laundy room with the door closed . On the good side it made great cream .
 I just recieved a white mountain Ice Cream Freezer ... The motor only turns when it is upside down , And the catch tab on the inside of the container is missing ... High priced junk and it is expensive to ship back and forth at $ 25 a shot !
 this is one of the few items I have ever has to return . The fan stopped working just after two days . I did get a prompt refund from amazon .
 It worked fine after 10-days , galloped right-along after 20-days , and thought I was rounding the clubhouse turn after 30-days ; but on the 35th day , it went lame . I knew I was in trouble when I heard what I believed to be a thermal fuse that popped and knowing this , I also knew it was down for the count ; it was n't getting back up again without being repaired ; but for the cost of a decent Lunch , why bother ??? Just over 30 ; go-figure ; the supplier did authorize an RA to get it back to them but it was already too late to get a call-tag issued , so shipping was on me . They did OK it for a refund but the cost difference in shipping just was n't worth it so the good folks at Computer Nerds will issue a refund without the expense and the hassle of the shipping process ; somebody there saw the logic to my argument ... Just to be clear ; the poor rating I gave is for the item itself , not the level of service that was afforded me throughout the process ; for that , I would say 4-stars .
 The Lasko fans I 've used in past were good products ... not so with this one.While its reasonably constructed and moves air as you would expect , the speed range is seriously flawed.The slow speed is about the same as medium or high for other fans . The slowest speed makes a quite noticeable -LRB- and objectionable to me -RRB- amount of noise , and moves more air than needed for that speed IMO . Medium and high are a little faster and noisier , and somewhat redundant.Noise is very subjective so the best I can think of to get my point across is that if you were in a room talking to someone , and this fan was then turned on and set to slow speed , you would need to raise your voice to be heard.My Lasko Wind Machine 20 '' has a relatively silent slow speed compared to this one.I had bought a stack of them , one for each house occupant 's bedroom window . As it turns out I will return them all except for the one I opened which will be used downstairs . I 'll be searching for another brand of fan that lets you choose quietness when you want it over maximum airflow . Frankly I ca n't believe they sent this product to market . Apparently Lasko DOES make a bad product sometimes.If you want a quiet fan , this is n't it . Do n't buy it .
 I purchased a Lasko fan and it only worked for 1 year . I can not turn the knob to start the fan . The company has ignored my requests to replace the fan . This is a warning not to buy a Lasko fan .
 This fan plainly , sucks ! Air movement poor ! I have a box fan that is 20 years old and it moves twice the volume , GE brand . I guess this is a sign of the times we live in . People must just expect less for more .
 BUYER BEWARE !!!! I bought a 2 pack of these . When the fans arrived the grills on the fans had obviously been stored in a very hot place because they had melted a little and rubbed on the blades when the fans were turned on . I would not recommend purchasing these fans.Signed , Not Happy
 I have a Lasko and a `` Galaxy '' -LRB- a Walmart brand -RRB- . The Galaxy moves more air , is way more quiet , and costs $ 10.00 -LRB- regular price - not a sale -RRB- .
 Two out of two of these Lasko box fans that I bought at Target rattle and vibrate even on the lowest speed . I was hoping for box fans like the Galaxy box fan I got at Wal-mart for my dorm - moves air and makes white noise to cover up car noise but these fans rattle so loud that I am returning them . Considering both of the fans I got from Target wobble and rattle I 'd have to say it 's a design or manufacturing flaw that they 're so flimsy and unbalanced . Looking for a replacement .
 I got this box fan , and was immediately disappointed with it , for several reasons!It hardly moves any air , AT ALL ! NO BREEZE to speak of!It FALLS OVER on my carpet , so , I have to lean it against something , so it willblow air a little , at least.I 've never had a fan so slim , that it falls over , when I turn it on.What is THAT all about ?? The only thing this fan is halfway decent for , is , using in a window.It is very skinny , so , it fits well on window sills.Don ' t waste your money . It 's really not worth it , to buy this fan .
 I just bought one of these from Target . This fan is LOUD and makes waaay too much noise . Even at the lowest setting , this fan sounds like an airplane is getting ready to take off . I 'm not exagerating.This fan is LOUD !!! Forget about sleeping with this fan on at night . I am even worried the neighbors can hear it at night.The noise is awful -- and a bad surprise when you need to use it . My parents always had a couple of these box fans around and they never made anywhere near this kind of noise . The construction is all plastic . They dont make them like they used to.I dont get it -- the electric fan technology has been around since 1900 -- why is the product getting worse and more expensive ??? Save your money and buy something else .
 The fan pictured above is not the fan the company sends out . They send out a different , inferior model . Lasko did not respond to emails regarding the problem . Dishonest advertising . Buyer beware !
 Almost bought this from Amazon , but instead got it from Home Depot , and avoided the shipping . Unfortunately this fan was dead on arrival . I tried different outlets and different speed setting , but the fan just did nothing . I will try to return for an exchange . I have a feeling this is a common issue with these .
 I went out to my local Lowe 's today and bought a few fan to test out . They had this exact same model and contrary to what people are saying here , it DOES NOT move a large volume of air.I 'm not saying that people here are lying or work for Lasko , but maybe they have just never had 3 diff models to test side by side . At the local store , they had the CFM ratings of each fan but this model was n't listed , nor was any CFM rating found on the box . It 's CFM rating is probably low so the Lasko probably does n't want to advertise it.Of the 3 models I tested , I kept the Feature Comforts model which moves about 3000 CFM of air . I live in a 4000 sq ft home and bought these to flush out the hot air when I get home from work so I can cool the house w/AC faster . I tested the fans by setting them up in the windows on the same wall and stepped back from the windows as far as I could till I could no longer feel the air being moved by each fan.The Lasko model pushed air about 7ft till I could no longer feel anything . The Feature Comforts model pushed the air 29ft . The Feature Comforts model also had the most uniform airflow w/o any `` dead spots '' near the center of the airstream.I would advise anyone to goto your local store and try the same , it costed me less than $ 70 to try the models I was interested in . The only problem is the hassle of boxing up the ones that did n't perform well and the cost of gas for returning it.The Feature Comforts model number is 184705 and is an 18 '' fan . It 's amazing that it can push 4x more air than the 20 '' Lasko model . Unfortunately , it 's not on their website but it is available locally for only $ 24 . Hopefully , Lasko will read this review and improve their fans and have an indepedent lab rate its CFM and put it on the box for educated consumers .
 I am not happy as I write this review . I ordered this fan to be sent to camp for my son . It stopped working a week after he got it . Returning an item from camp is a pain , plus there is no way to contact the seller.Avoid this product , because if it does n't work -- which from other reviews is not an uncommon experience -- you will be left to return a bulky item with no way to easily contact the seller .
 I probably would 've been completely happy with this item if it did n't come to me broken . It 's got a thin , plastic frame and it came in a thin , cardboard box . There was no sort of packing protection at all to protect it . The frame was broken in three places and it looks terrible . It still works and the fan 's good quality , but it looks absolutely awful .
 This fan wo n't stay standing up . I will need to buy another one soon . I have it leaning against a wall right now ... which prevents some air flow . I would not recommend this product .
 this fan is not a good made fan at all its a peace of crape its cheep plastic knob and handel i thar this out and got 2 lasko 3720 and thay are much better than this 3733 cheeap thing
 I had one of these plastic monstrosities . Unfortunately with today 's throw-away society , it is hard to come across good appliances . But even a simple machine such as an electric fan ? What happened over the years?This fan , despite the positive reviews people have posted , is an absolute piece of garbage . First off , the ridiculously small motor they put on a 20 '' propeller . How does the company expect that motor to handle the job over an extended period of time ? They do n't . They would rather you buy a new one every two and a half months . The propeller is too thin to hold up to large amounts of air flow so when running , the blade flexes . Especially on high speed . The plastic is so cheap , if the fan takes even the slightest fall , the grilles shatter and the propeller explodes sending dangerous shrapnel everywhere . Also , what is with the annoying feet?On second note , I have a few older fans that seem to continue to run , no matter what abuse is thrown at them . A simple cleaning and servicing of the motor and the fan is ready to go for another 60 years like it was originally intended to . Unfortunately , finding a fan like that for $ 10.00 is n't practical.Buy a Vornado . At least they know what they are doing . They managed to create a small 10 '' fan that out-performs this Lasko box fan .
 I bought one @ WalMart over a yr ago for my dogs and was waiting for summer . I used this piece of ukw for only 3 days off and on and it died for no reason . Customer support stunk , the fan is n't worth what I scoop up from my back yard.Don ' t waste your $ $ .
 What the heck ? What happened to the good old lakewood and lasko box fans ? This is just a cheap wannabe that will die out in less than a year . Whats the worst part ? The crappy flower petal blades are so brittle that if it falls over the blade will snap . I got mine for free from a place because of that . I replaced the blade . It is also very loud and a crappy air mover . Save your money and go buy a good old lakewood box fan from the 70 's or 80 's and leave this crap where it belongs , the dumpster . I gave it 2 stars because it atleast works . They do n't make 'em like they used too , sadly
 I measure how much air a fan pushes out a window by measuring the speed of the air entering the room . Lowe 's said the Lasko 3733 would blow 2500 cfm for 80 watts . I bought it to replace a five-blade Holmes box fan that exhausts 800 cfm for 135 watts . I found that the Lasko exhausts only 800 cfm for 90 watts.The efficiency of a fan depends on how large a cross section of air it moves . Holding my hand in front of the Lasko and the Holmes , I found that most of the draft was only 14 '' wide . They do n't really function as 20 '' fans . I was fooled twice!As the draft moves away from a fan , it expands because venturi effect draws surrounding air . Hanging the Lasko two feet from the window increased the performance to 1300 cfm.Two feet from the window , an old Galaxy 16 '' table fan with a plastic blade shaped like a clover will exhaust 1800 cfm . On low , it will exhaust 1300 cfm for 60 watts.For $ 20 , I bought a Trueliving 16 '' fan on a stand . It 's less powerful but will exhaust 1300 cfm for only 40 watts.5-blade Holmes in window ------------------------- 800 cfm at 6 cfm/watt5-blade Lasko in window --------------------------- 800 cfm at 9 cfm/watt5-blade Lasco 2 feet from window --------------- 1300 cfm at 14 cfm/watt3-blade Galaxy 16 '' table fan 2 feet -LRB- high -RRB- ------- 1800 cfm at 20 cfm/watt3-blade Galaxy 16 '' table fan 2 feet -LRB- low -RRB- -------- 1300 cfm at 22 cfm/watt3-blade Trueliving 16 '' stand fan 2 feet -- ------- 1300 cfm at 33 cfm/watt . Besides costing the least to operate , the Trueliving fan with the adjustable stand is the easiest to position in front of a window.The five-blade fans sound powerful because they 're noisy .
 Pros : Moves a good amount of air , even at speed 1 setting -LRB- lowest speed -RRB- . Cons : Speed 1 . It 's way too loud for me . I set the fan about 8 ft away from my TV , near a sliding patio door . The TV volume had to be turned up quite a bit .
 You get what you pay for I guess . Our old fan broke and I decided to try shopping for one online . I chose this one because I did n't want to pay a lot and it was the least expensive . It works fine but it 's very loud . I 've never had a box fan this loud before . It 's too loud on low to use it . But if you want a fan just to make noise while you sleep then this one will be great for you .
 First day I had the fan , I turned it on , walked away and two minutes later it fell over and one of the blade 's broke right off . I thought the fan had exploded ! The air flow was ok , but it needs to be securely attached to something or it will fall over .
 Mine arrived crushed because there 's no package padding -LRB- should be double boxed -RRB- . I fixed it myself because I did n't want to return it , by bending it back into shape -LRB- it 's sort of flimsy , so it was n't hard -RRB- . But , it 's too loud for the bedroom even on low . And , it smells of an oil/electrical smell when it is turned on , yuck . I have it turned on outside to try to work out the smell -LRB- no , it 's not rubbing or smoking or anything -RRB- . I 'm trying to replace a Holmes box fan that burnt out after years of use . The Holmes was extremely quiet on low , and had the added benefit of a rotatable angled vent that could blow diagonally from the window into the room at the side . Sadly I ca n't find a direct replacement for my old fan , and this one is n't going to fit the bill .
 it was broken , from no packing materiel.found the same fan for $ 11 cheaper local & no shipping .
 The quality of this product was very dissapointing compared to previous fans that we have owned for a similar price . The fan came bent from the packaging and the fan itself when turned on scraped the side of the metal frame . Although our expectations were not high for this fan , we were not happy with the final product .
 I 've used fans for cooling and as white noise for sleeping and bought this fan 2 weeks ago for that purpose . The fan circulated air very poorly even at high speed and that speed burned out the first night . It made no noise at all . I continued to use it but last night -LRB- night 14 -RRB- it quit completely . Given more options I would rate this with MINUS 5 stars . DO NOT BUY !!
 I had high hopes for this fairly priced box fan . Although , when I turned it on the fan fell forward , plastic blade hit front grill and broke . Contacted Amazon , they directed me to maker of the fan , emailed them , no response since . Its been weeks . So now I have a box fan with a broken blade . Not a happy Amazon customer .
 I have no complaints with the fan itself . It does exactly what I expected , and that is to blow air and get circulation.Although , I do have complaints with the way that the fan was shipped to me . There was damage on the front panel that keeps you from touching the blades . There was also a good sized dent on one the corners from where the box had been dropped . Either they need to make the box bigger and more protective around the fan , or perhaps Amazon could put Fragile stickers on a box like this . I have done shipping with UPS , FedEx , DHL , etc. . . many time and `` fragile '' sticker really does make a world of a difference with how they handle product .
 This fan was ... sort of acceptable ? I 'm a student in New York and I lived on the sixth floor of a pre-war dorm building , where it got so hot that sitting in the room was unbearable without a fan . I bought this fan to help cool down , but it honestly did little to nothing to cool my little shoebox of a room . I suppose I ca n't blame a $ 20 fan for being weak , but I will say that after only about a month of use -LRB- two weeks in the beginning of September , and two weeks in May -RRB- , one of the blades just fell off . I have no idea what happened , it just dropped off as if someone had sliced it off with a knife . I unscrewed the whole casing and managed to reattach the blade with crazy glue and copious amounts of tape , but I have to say it 's a pretty shoddy fan if you have to McGyver it after only a few weeks of use . I 'll give it two stars because perhaps the blade thing was a fluke . All in all , it does n't cool very effectively and it broke very quickly ; perhaps invest in something a little bit more durable .
 I had bought mine locally and had run it for a few days . Tonight it started to stink . I found it was hot around the switch and motor . Both points smelled of smoldering plastic . It is sitting outside on the concrete drive in case it ignites later , though I do n't think it will now that it is unplugged.I had a fan of the same size also by Lasko . It has seen heavy use for at least 3 years now with no problem , thus far , though after tonight I 'm keeping it close by and turned off when no one is around . The new fan seemed lighter and more cheaply constructed than the older one .
 This fan is a good size for smaller or tight areas and moves plenty of air for an average sized space . I had it moving air in the upstairs of a Houston Texas home . It did the job well until one day it would not start up . The fan was kept clean and was not abused , it just died . The fan was purchased in 2007 at Lowes and it went out in 2009 . From this quality manufacturer , by the feel and look of this Lasko Model 3733 fan I would expect more than 2 years from this product . Still looks good though .
 Feb 2012
 I like the idea that the blinds hang on a standard curtain pole , so you do n't have to fuss around with mounting . However , the selection is slim , and I do n't think you can even find these anymore . I did order the natural/ivory color , but they are not lined and do n't keep out the light at night , when I want the bedroom to be DARK . I also have a pair in dark purple , which blocks the light better . I agree that you have to be very careful raising and lowering them , the mechanism is rather flimsy .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 I open maybe 4 cans per week . I bought this because it looked sturdy . I was sorely mistaken . Oxo is cheap junk from China . Do not fall for the good looks . This thing broke , completely , and I had to use an old knife to get a can of green beans open . I will never buy any Oxo product again . yes , I am pissed .
 This worked quite well for about a year . It then became increasingly tricky to use and is now junk . The opener will pierce the can , and nothing more.How can making a can opener be this difficult ?
 7 months and this baby is ready for the trash . I could accept that from the $ 1.99 camping can opener . But I 'm not gon na pay $ 12.00 for this thing to rust out in half a year.Problem being the rust builds up on the shaft of the turning gear and slowly works its way through to the divet . We have never put this thing into the washing machine . Very disappointing.As an emergency replacement we got the no name can opener from the grocery store . Cheap , clean , works well .
 When I first got this can opener , I was very pleased with it . Two years later , it is the same as all the cheap China made crap . The gears are not heat treated and wear so that after a couple of years , it binds up and does n't work.Please , wo n't someone make a quality can opener that lasts .
 Started using mine a little over 1 year ago and mechanically it 's by far the best working can opener I 've used . Sadly , it 's obvious that it wo n't be working for much longer because it 's being eaten by rust ! I 've never washed it in the dishwasher . Since I 've had so much trouble finding a can opener that does what it 's supposed to in the past this one 's been babied - cutting blades rinsed with white vinegar and hand-dried with a dish towel after every use but STILL ca n't keep the rust at bay . It started in the deep , narrow groove where one side slides into the other and it just keeps spreading . I 've tried lightly sanding off the rust in places I can reach but it just keeps creeeeping and with each use the opener gets a little stiffer and more difficult to open/close . Perhaps a more conscientious consumer might 've been able to foil what looks suspiciously like OXO 's built-in obsolescence with a blow dryer and 15 minutes of can opener maintenance after every Starkist session but there are limits to what I 'm willing to do in order to keep a product doing what it 's supposed to do . Good thing Starkist also comes in pouches.ETA
 I 'm not usually disappointed with Oxo products , so I figured what could go wrong with a nearly 5-star can opener ? Plenty , as it turned out . While the handle is reasonably comfortable and fairly easy to turn , the lids I tried to remove -LRB- pet food cans -RRB- never came off completely . For no apparent reason , the blade would always skip and leave a couple of unopened places on the top of the can . This meant going back and forth over the unopened spots so that I could somehow pry the lid off without cutting my fingers . Unfortunately , these spots left mean-looking jagged edges that made me deal gingerly with the partially removed lid -- once I was down to one unopened place , I 'd lift the lid and work it back and forth to fatigue the metal so that I could get rid of the entire lid . All of this is unacceptable in a 21st century can opener that retails for close to $ 20 , so it 's going back to the store . I gave it two stars for the quality of the construction and the stainless steel blade . If you want to open a can with a minimum of fuss , I 'd suggest buying something else .
 Worked great for about 4 months then just stopped working . not sure whats going on but I switched to electric .
 I did not used many times Oxo steel can opener , because I am not good fan of using can foods much , but everytime I used it , this thing works well . I owned 2 different can openers before from other companies , but they just did not last no more than 3 or 4 months and also they got rusted . I ordered this product after reading reviews.This is an update after using 1 year of use . I hardly use this product for opening tomato sauce cans and it got rusted after couple of uses . I tried so many ways to clean but it is not working . This is not much worth of buying . I only give 2 stars because it is cutting cans well .
 I wanted to wait to give this some usage before reviewing . Now that we have used it for six months , we have ordered a replacement . It works well , but now has a nice crop of rust . When it comes to can openers and being around industrial openers for decades , I was surprised by how quickly this one rusted . When washed , we hand dry them , so there is a design element that allows this to retain some moisture in the cutting mechanism . Sadly , there is no way to save it .
 Oddly enough it rusts in only two places . One place you can scrub off the rust with a brush . However , it also rusts in place where the little sharp wheel is connected . There is a small hole -LRB- you can see it in the picture -RRB- and it 's gotten so bad in there that it 's about to rust through . I gave it two stars because it is extremely functional and easy to use . But I ca n't for the life of me understand why they would design this so that the reverse side of the cutting wheel is exposed inside a small hole ?
 When my old Zyliss gave up the ghost I looked about for a replacement . I have other OXO products and am pleased with them , so I gave this a flyer . On the plus side , it 's sturdy and very easy to operate . However , I found that most of the time , about four cans out of five , it would n't cut the lid completely off . I 'd be left with a lid slightly immersed in the can 's contents and attached by a small strand of metal . I 'd then have to get a small knife or fork to pry the lid out of the can and was still left with the task of getting the lid off the can without cutting myself.Based on the other reviews I 'm figuring I just got a dud , so I 'll replace it with another OXO opener , but not this one .
 I bought this can opener at the end of April from Amazon because of the great customer reviews . We were very happy with it until about a month ago -LRB- so after 4.5 months -RRB- . Even before that i had noticed that a slight , brown rust spot was starting to develop where the cutting blade holder is welded to the bottom of the lower arm . I figured it was not hurting anything functionality wise . But about a month ago we pulled it out of the drawer and the gears would not turn no matter how hard we turned the knob . After inspecting it , it turned out that the top gear would not move at all . It does not look rusted but I suspect that perhaps some water went inside and rusted the mechanism shut . Now it 's just in a drawer until we toss it . About a month ago I got the `` Amco Swing-A-Way 407WH Portable Can Opener , White '' from Amazon at a lower cost to replace it , which functionally is working just as well for us as the Oxo did ; hopefully the durability will be much better .
 This may be a very good opener ; but the description of it being dishwasher-safe is false . The description that is attached to the opener clearly states
 I have had to buy 2 new can openers in the last 6 months -- mainly because of absolutely inferior design , construction and workmanship . The OXO is the second of them . I open just regular cans -- this piece of junk was stiff and difficult from day one -- it would leave a razor-sharp burr in the rim of the can at the end of the cut that would draw blood when you touch it -- without exception , on EVERY can . After 2 months the twist-handle stripped and the unit became worthless . My OXO does not look like the OXO in the pic -- I probably got some Chinese garbage knock-off -- who knows ? Disgusted and a waste of money . Give me a ! @ # $ % ^ & American made can opener from the 70 's ANY day !
 This Oxo can opener is not as advertised by Amazon . I purchased an Oxo smooth edge can opener a few months ago and my wife likes it very much . So we decided to give one to my mother in law as a Christmas gift . Again I researched can openers on Amazon and clicked on smooth edge can openers and this one popped up on the page . No where in the description did it mention that it was not a smooth edge can opener . Another fault is that it is billed as being dishwasher safe , yet on the product label it clearly states `` hand wash only '' . I expected better from Amazon and I am really disappointed Amazon did n't do a better job describing this product . With the cost of this opener being what it is it should be what it is stated to be .
 I recently bought the Oxo 58081 SteeL can opener primarily because Amazon advertised it as dishwasher safe.Amazon 's product description reads `` Safe to use in dishwasher . `` The manufacturer 's website -LSB- ... -RSB- reads `` not recommended for use in dishwasher . `` The product packaging I received with Oxo can opener 58081 reads `` hand wash only . `` I 'll never trust another Amazon product description again .
 The lid in the first can I tried to open did not detach . The lid hung on by a thin piece of metal . Pure failure if you asked me . That 's why I bought this thing , so it would detach the lid . The results of this opener are no different from the cheap $ 3 grocery store opener . Pure suck .
 Yes , it is a can opener . Yes , it opens cans ... . But the item description says that it is dishwasher safe . The first thing I noticed when I recieved it was that it says `` Hand wash only '' . I might return it , but I need a can opener .
 When I ordered this from Amazon , I , immediately , threw away the packaging . It is an OXO product , what could go wrong ! ALWAYS leaves sharp edges on the inside of the can ! . Since I threw away the packaging , I can not return it to Amazon . I emailed OXO from their website , 2 weeks ago , as to whether I could exchange it for another of this type . NEVER GOT A RESPONSE FROM OXO CUSTOMER SERVICE . Now , I am leery of buying OXO products as not even the company will back up the product with a response to an email . This has nothing to do with Amazon from where I will continue to purchase . Go Amazon !
 these are hard to handle and keep coming off the can . I would n't buy them again
 I purchased this item hoping it would be substantially better than the electric can opener . In reality , this hand held one is no better than the electric one that you can buy at walmart for less than $ 10 . It takes more effort to open a can using this opener and if a can has a small ` lip ' i.e. the vertical border on which these openers attach , this item does not work at all !! I would not recommend anybody waste their money on this product .
 I 'm guessing with all the good reviews on this thing -LRB- and all OXO products -RRB- that OXO has a well payed blogging team keeping their products well rated and advertised . Unfortunately this is standard modern marketing to the point where I only truly pay attention to less than 5 star reviews on any merchandise.I know it 's just a can opener right ? How can something as simple as a can opener not function as it was intended?Well I 've had this thing for well over a year now and finally remembering to ordering a new one . As I live remote and have to order everything I try to look around online find good quality products and hopefully buy them only once.The designs flaw on this can opener -LRB- still ca n't believe I 'm reviewing a can opener ! -RRB- are two fold.First , the teeth on the wheel that actually engage the lip/rim of the can and the blade that cuts open the can have so great a gap in between them they ca n't actually engage most can lids and as a I result you can turn and turn till you have blisters and it wo n't do a thing.Second , lets say you turn the can opener to just the right angle -LRB- lots of practice and cursing -RRB- you can get the teeth and blade to engage the can lip and start to cut for an inch or two when your progress -LRB- it was epic I know -RRB- again grinds to a halt . Well , that little cog wheel -LRB- looks like a star -RRB- that you would presume to be attached to the the same part of the can opener as the handle , hence you turn the hand and you turn the cog and the world goes round right ? Wrong ! That wheel is not actually attached on the little shaft attached to the handle , it 's actually just spinning on there with it 's only engagement being a little rubber disk that I guess is supposed to grab on the toothed wheel next to it . So as a result , once again you are left with tendinitis and all you wanted were some canned olives.Being a fabricator and mechanically inclined I actually tried to increase the friction of the disk by twisting a little piece of stainless wire around it to compress it down and force it out which helped for a couple cans of olives then slipped on the stewed tomatoes.Ya , it 's pretty , good ergonomics and such , but it 's all for not if it ca n't open a can , so I do n't recommend keeping this in your 2012 fallout shelter -LRB- you will starve ! -RRB- . On a final note , I enjoy giving it to anybody helping me out in the kitchen when I ask them to open a can and watch their dismay when for once in their life they seem to not even be able to operate a can opener .
 I had this opener for about two months when it did n't open a can this morning and I had to fish out my old one which did the job . It 's a good thing I saved my old one just in case . I was surprised since Oxo is usually a good product . Unfortunately , I can not return it . Lesson learned on that one .
 I lived in Europe for 17 years -LRB- Air force and US Government Civilian -RRB- and have over 2000 pieces to my French Garden pattern . I moved back to the USA Aug. 2006 and was excited to find these canisters offered on Amazon . They would be a nice addition to my pattern . When I received them one of the lids where missing and I contacted Amazon and Amazon promptly replaced it . Amazon is awesome ! The canisters on the other hand are poor copies manufactured in China . The colors are off a bit and there are defects in the glaze . The bottoms are ruff on my granite countertop and the lids do n't fit correctly . I will never order another piece of Villeroy & Bosh online , or anything manufactured in China ; I will wait to purchase Villeroy & Bosh products until my next trip to Europe where they take pride in their workmanship . !
 This container is so , so cheap that not even a dollar store i would buy it . The plastic wrap does n't stick ... it is too cheap for my taste .
 everything else the reviewers say about this bowl is true . It 's great.But if you 're using it for bread dough or just about anything you intend to store , forget it . The Saran Wrap/Glad Wrap , etc. wo n't stick to the sides . Must be some bizarre chemical reaction .
 My hubby wanted a nice set of mixing bowls and chose the oxo . It says they are dishwasher safe and so far they were UNTIL ... last night ... they stained badly in the dishwasher ... I placed them as usual in bottom rack , as they are too big for the top rack . I also placed along with them some dishes that had spaghetti sauce in them . I know this is not the first time I have washed them with that , because being Italian , I eat lots of pasta . I am so disappointed with these . Not sure if we can return them . I am washing them again and see it that will help . I guess I can always display them as `` art '' ! UPDATE - I did wash them again but no luck and want to add that as far as stains go , this is the wierdest stain in that you can rub the stained area with your finger and the stain moves around on or within the surface and also comes off on your fingers ?!?!?! The stain disappeared when I ran my finger through but moved to another area of the bowl ... the best analogy I can think of is like when you squeeze a wet rag , the water comes out ... this is like that ... not sure what it means or how else to explain it or why it is doing this !
 Generally speaking , I think OXO is a fabulous brand and I own lots of tools from them . It is n't that this is a bad bowl , just that it is not as good as it could be -LRB- try Rubbermaid instead -RRB- . It 's too shallow for most baking that requires using a mixer first -LRB- it splatters everywhere -RRB- , and the handle is so inconvenient when you try to pick it up to pour out the contents . They missed the mark on ergonomic design here .
 everything else the reviewers say about this bowl is true . It 's great.But if you 're using it for bread dough or just about anything you intend to store , forget it . The Saran Wrap/Glad Wrap , etc. wo n't stick to the sides . Must be some bizarre chemical reaction .
 Metal Beaters and whisks do indeed scratch this bowl ! I made mashed potatoes in this bowl and it performed wonderfully until I emptied the bowl and saw all the scratches ... I was very dissappointed !
 I normally love OXO products . Amongst other things , I own an OXO can opener , a few OXO knives , an OXO ladle , a plastic OXO spoon.The lever on this ice cream scoop broke after only two months -LRB- on its third use -RRB- . We sent it back to the company several months ago , but have not heard any response.Also , it 's a particularly lightweight scoop , so if your ice cream is as frozen as that from the average New York Deli , you 'd be better off finding a heavier one .
 This ice cream scoop was okay at getting the ice cream out with the lever , but like other reviews said , it was hit and miss . The worst part about this scoop was that it would n't come clean in our dishwasher . The lever would trap food and other debris on the bottom lip of the scoop -LRB- on the edge of the hole at the bottom of the scoop -RRB- . We tried rinsing the scoop well before putting it in the dishwasher but that was n't successful either . The only solution we were able to come up with was wrapping a rubber band around the level to hold it open while being washed . Definitely did n't want to do that every time we had ice cream so we are buying a new one .
 I love the handle as it gives you something to really apply some pressure to when the ice cream is hard . The bad news is that the scoop part does n't eject the ice cream very well . I usually end up using another spoon to get it out of the scoop . The ejector just does n't move far enough to be effective . I 'm not used to being disappointed from an Oxo product .
 If ever I was tempted to believe -LRB- which is surely true ! -RRB- that companies hire people to post rave reviews , this is probably my best example for suspicion . I mean , people buy this scoop because of the handy-looking ejection lever -- so if it does n't work , why the rave reviews ? You 've just got to question the one -LRB- s -RRB- that essentially sound like perfect commercial copy.As another reviewer also said , the ice cream does NOT routinely eject using the cute little ejection lever . You still have to use a spoon to scrape out the scoop of ice cream that wo n't eject . I had 7 dinner guests last night -LRB- the day I bought this scoop -RRB- , and I needed a scoop of ice cream on 7 dessert dishes . Only twice did the ice cream fall free of the scoop by using the lever . The other 5 times , I had to use a spoon to help it along .
 I have been a homemaker for almost 20 years and I have a lot of experience peeling vegetables ... I am fast and have rarely cut myself . However , I bought this peeler during the holidays and a few days ago I cut myself so severly with it , I thought about going to the hospital . This peeler seems to slide over the food quicker than others I have used and so it some how gives me an `` out of control '' feeling with each thrust . It is also extra sharp . I ca n't recomend this unless your fingers are made of stainless steel as well .
 There 's no doubt about it - this is an attractive looking peeler . However , looks aside - it does n't really perform that great in the kitchen . It takes a long time to peel something as simple as a potato - either because of bad design or the fact that it 's not that sharp . I would n't recommend it ...
 I have to agree with the reviewer that said it takes too long to peel a potato with this peeler . The cover over the blade is supposed to keep the peelings from flying up , and it does that . But instead , they get caught under the cover and slow down the works . It 's broad and obscures your view of the blade . I 'm a fast peeler -- thanks to all of those potato peeling contests my mother used to have her children do -- and I did not like getting slowed down because I could n't see exactly where the blade was going , or getting peelings caught under the blade cover . In addition , the sharp end for gouging out potato eyes is kind of rounded . On my old peeler it 's pointed , and works much better . I 'll keep looking for the older style , so I can get my peeling done faster .
 I have been buying OXO peelers for years . When they came out with a stainless top for the blade , I grabbed it and bought them for my kids . This one looked so sleek and attractive so I bought 3 . Awful design , does n't peel well , have to expend too much energy . The only thing i could say about it is that it looks nice .
 I purchased this product with the assumption that the blade was flexible as the description says . However , i was quite disappointed to find that the blade barely bent under pressure from my hand and was not nearly flexible enough to gently slide under the first piece of pie . RSVP makes a much better flexible pie server .
 I 've always found the `` Pie Server '' utensil useless , especially if you do n't have room for kitchen cabinets to store all the utensils . You can get by just by using a fork and a regular butter knife or a turner , a flipper or spatula.That is what I tend to use . You do have a higher Pie drop ratio with a fork and a butter knife or spatula but it wo n't matter unless you 're in a social setting where a `` Pie Server '' utensil is deemed absolutely necessary . And then , you 'll probably be eating caviar with snob Pie anyways . Sometimes I even use my dirty hand or just use a dirty spoon to eat Pie out of the tin.Now , I just use the Oxo SteeL Pie Server as a Masonry trowel for spreading mortar on bricks or concrete blocks with a technique called `` buttering '' . It is n't `` heavy duty '' but for touch up jobs , it 's acceptable .
 I 've always found the `` Pie Server '' utensil useless , especially if you do n't have room for kitchen cabinets to store all the utensils . You can get by just by using a fork and a regular butter knife or a turner , a flipper or spatula.That is what I tend to use . You do have a higher Pie drop ratio with a fork and a butter knife or spatula but it wo n't matter unless you 're in a social setting where a `` Pie Server '' utensil is deemed absolutely necessary . And then , you 'll probably be eating caviar with snob Pie anyways . Sometimes I even use my dirty hand or just use a dirty spoon to eat Pie out of the tin.Now , I just use the Oxo SteeL Pie Server as a Masonry trowel for spreading mortar on bricks or concrete blocks with a technique called `` buttering '' . It is n't `` heavy duty '' but for touch up jobs , it 's acceptable .
 This product is junk . I like most oxo products but this one is poorly designed . The hadle is spot welded and can not hold any weight . My second one broke after shaking the remains of a stock out . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 I agree with the reviewer who said this was junk . The spot welds holding the handle on the strainer broke when straining stock . Do n't buy this product .
 I searched for this item on Amazon and read all the positive reviews and forgot to checkout.Ended up at Target over the weekend and bought . I was excited based on the reviews online.I had gotten a honeydew and was excited to try it out.Mine never made ` balls ' but long strips and jagged lines.It seemed to be a waste of time and money since I could 've done that myself with a regular spoon vs. buying a kitchen tool which will likely not be used again.Disappointing .
 Nice steel blade - should last a long time . Somewhat smaller than I anticiapted -LRB- usable part of the blade only about 1.5 '' wide and 4 '' long . -RRB-
 I have the same complaint about this spoon as the matching slotted spoon - too much handle , not enough bowl . The bulky handles belong on something with a larger bowl . They would look better and would be much more servicable . I threw them both in a drawer and will only use them as a last resort . Disappointing .
 These are really tiny , not very impressive in real life , and not worth the price , IMHO
 Why do all the kitchen utensils Oxo makes have giant thick handles ? I do not want to be holding huge handle while I am cooking , I want a nice thin handle so I can feel what I am doing . I do not have arthritis , I do not need help holding my cooking utensils ! So . I am looking for a thin bladed , thin handled utensil and know I will not find it at Oxo .
 I am quite disappointed in this breadbox . It is attractive and sleek -LRB- except for a dent -RRB- , but the metal is flimsier than I had hoped -LRB- hence the dent , I suppose -RRB- . The weightiness that a former reviewer mentioned comes from the wooden base , not the metal . More importantly , though , the box is in no way airtight and even has air holes in the back . As bread should be stored in an airtight container , this box does not serve its purpose well . If you 're just looking for something pretty for your kitchen , this works nicely . I , however , will be returning mine for a Brabantia .
 The slotted spoon has a very large handle and a very small bowl , which make it too clunky to use as a serving spoon and too small to use as a cooking spoon . What were they thinking ?
 The first one of these I bought stopped working the second time I used it . I had liked it so much when it was working that I exchanged the broken one for a new one . That one lasted a few weeks , at least , but soon died the same as the first.Maybe I got two lemons in a row , but I 'm not taking another chance on this product .
 DO N'T BUY IT.This vacuum cleaner has plastic wheels held in place with JUST 2 molded plastic tabs . So even if 1 tab breaks , the wheels can no longer stay in place . On mine , 1 came off in 3 months , other in 2 more months of regular usage . So 5 months later , I have a light weight , bagless , powerful vacuum cleaner with NO WHEELS . $ 60 down the drain.I have no idea why they could n't add more tabs , say 4 , or a design a stronger mechanism for the wheels , given that the wheels experience all the rolling , twisting and dragging while in use . Seems like something designed by the finance department rather than the engineering department .
 This vacuum cleans reasonably well , but I have a few significant gripes which will prevent me from buying a similar model when making my next vacuum purchase , which seems to about every 2 years . I 've finally decided that we may go with an `` heirloom '' vacuum next time , such as an Oreck , since the lifetime of any sub $ 100 vacuum is just ridiculous.My complaints :1 . This thing screams like a banshee ! It is indeed light , and reasonably powerful , but it literally hurts my ears to use it in small rooms . It does not roar , it emits a relatively high pitched scream . I have had big , small , and medium size vacuums , and this thing easily is louder than all of them . I haev a 21/2 horsepower Shop Vac which is much quieter than this vacuum .2 . Wheels barely extend below the bottom of the vacuum , so it requires a bit of effort to roll over anything but very short carpet . Wheeling from room to room , say over hardwood while tipping the vacuum back , also can not really be done .3 . The filter is hard to clean , as it has a flange that extends down over maybe 1/3 of one side . I often have to stick my finger in the space between the filter and the flange to get a significant amount of gunk out . Gross . Tell me how this is better than a bag ?
 I was wooed by the hype
 This vacuum is bagless . The filter gets clogged so that you have to remove the canister constantly , which is messy and gets dirt all over the place . The worst is having to clean the filter , which you have to do by hand and remove all the grime and dirt . It is inexpensive , but in the end I still have to throw it away and purchase a serious one .
 I bought the Optima vacuum cleaner at Lowe 's so you 'd think that they would also sell the filters -- no such luck . I ca n't find them at Target , Home Depot or Walmart either . This is just one of the many little things that irks me about this vacuum cleaner . The reason I bought this model in the first place was because I wanted a full-power , lightweight vacuum to use for everyday spot cleaning . I was tired of the cordless -LRB- read powerless -RRB- stick vacs that seemed to just push the dirt around and ran out of power before the job was done . I was also tired of dragging out my behemoth and incredibly heavy Dyson which is so bulky it ca n't reach under toe kicks , sofas , chairs , beds or anything less than 12 inches off the ground . So , the fact that the Optima was so lightweight and nimble , while offering the power of a full-size upright , appealed to me . I can attest that the Optima is lightweight and nimble . It 's narrow path is ideal for vacuuming between chair and table legs . I can also attest that it offers a decent amount of power , allowing me to easily pick up cat litter from carpet and dry cat food from hardwood floors . For these reasons , I give it two stars . But powerful , lightweight and nimble is where the love affair ends.Here are the many cons of this model :1 -RRB- First but not least , the cord is too short . I have added a 5 foot extension cord to mine which helps .2 -RRB- The exhaust port is in the front of the unit and is strong , so , if you are vacuuming on hardwood , tile or laminate floors , dust bunnies , pet fur and lint get blown around before they can be sucked up .3 -RRB- The canister or what the folks at Eureka call the `` easy-empty dust cup '' is incredibly messy to empty . The static cling in the narrow plastic canister holds onto the dirt and dust and makes it virtually impossible to empty completely and not without creating a swirling cloud of toxic dust .4 -RRB- The filter gets so clogged with pet fur and dust , that I actually have to vacuum it to get it clean . Yes , you read this correctly -- I have to take the filter out to my garage and vacuum it with my husband 's shop vac to remove all dirt . I have also resorted to wearing a shop mask while emptying the dust cup and filter . DO NOT attempt to shake the filter over a trash can or into a bag as it will only create a cloud of noxious dust.Why ca n't vacuum cleaner manufacturers make an upright residential vacuum that is lightweight , nimble , powerful , durable , easy to clean , and relatively inexpensive . I want a vacuum that reaches at least 6 inches under beds and other low profile furniture without having to pull out the wand and attachments . I would be willing to pay up to $ 200 for a vacuum the size and weight of the Optima , but without the exhaust , filter , and dust cup dilemmas . This is my call to vacuum manufacturers everywhere !!!
 This vacuum is terrible ! I have had this vacuum for over 3 years now -LRB- one here buying a different one now -RRB- . The filter clogs constantly and has to be cleaned or replaced just about every time I use it . I could n't even tell you how many filters we have bought . I have longer hair , and my hair gets wound around the roller and eventually just stops picking up anything else ... Also , when you empty the canister , the dust flies everywhere , creating more mess than when you started vacuuming . Cheap vacuum , cheap results . Research a little more and buy somethine else !!!
 I bought the Optima because of its size and power . I was amazed by this thing the first couple of times I used it , it picked up so much dirt and hair compared to my old vac.And then all of the problems started . The cannister is set up so that the filter has a little piece that sticks out and catches all of the fur , holding it all on the top and clogging the filter . I have to empty the cannister at least a couple of times for each room because the fur catches at the very top of the filter and blocks everything up.Emptying the cannister is pretty disgusting . There 's fur wrapped around the filter at the top that you have to manually pick out , and you have to take the filter out to empty the stuff at the bottom . The filter clogs easily and needs to be taken outside and cleaned often by tapping it to knock off the caked on dirt.Also , the suction had become unreliable . Sometimes if I 'm using it for more than 10-ish minutes the suction will stop , but the motor and the brush will still be going . I only have one dog and one cat so it 's not like I have a huge amount of fur to vacuum up.I was in love with this vac for the first couple of uses but now I 'm sorry I bought it . I would absolutely NOT buy this again .
 This vacuum sucks , literally and figuratively . That is about all it has going for it . Both my wheels continually pop off while I am cleaning and it is a total bother . It is super loud -LRB- my ears ring after I turn it off -RRB- . I am sure there is some permanent damage happening . Needles to say DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 This was the first thing I ever bought after researching on the web and boy was I disappointed . The size and weight of this are nice but after one year both wheels have broken off and can not be fixed . And the filter is one big pain in the neck ! Every time you run the vacuum you have to clean out the filter and the most effective way I have found is to carefully pick out the lint with a toothpick which takes some time . My husband and I have a running joke whenever one of us is cleaning out the filter the other says oh thank goodness we do n't have to deal with bags anymore-bags ! - you put in , you replace - but you never have to sit there cleaning out filters filled with dust and lint with toothpicks every time ! I ca n't wait to buy a vacuum with bags again ! The price of these filters is also not delightful-between 10-15 dollars and should be replaced fairly often . I 'm still surprised at the high ratings I found on this product .
 The filter is a royal pain , hard to find , and expensive . Blows away dust before you vacuum it . Super loud , you will need ear plugs while using it . Cord is so short , you will need an extension cord . It finally broke , but I 'm unsure as to what broke - it simply stopped functioning . Do n't believe the positive reviews ; this is a bad design .
 If you need a vacuum to use both on carpet AND hardwoods do n't buy this vacuum ! It does ok on carpet but it has -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- a major design flaw ... that the exhaust blows directly out the lower front of the vacuum . It blows the dust , dirt and hair into the air before you can vacuum it up . It actually blew my granddaughters pictures off the fridge ! You vacuum one side and when you go to the other side it blows the dirt and hair back onto the side you just vacuumed ! When I was finished I had to wipe down every surface in my kitchen , including my stove , because there was hair and dirt all over it . More work . No thanks . Back it goes .
 I had to return my first one in about 2 months because it stopped doing its job . Since it was under manufactors warrenty , I got a new one - identical . About 7 or so months later , the motor broke . This was under an extended warranty and was replaced with another make and model.Pros - it is not very expensive and works well for awhile.Cons - Dont plan on keeping it long !
 Pros
 Bought it because it was the lightest among the uprights . It has excellent suction for the money -LRB- $ 70 retail -RRB- . However , it does clog quickly at the filter . Emptying the filter is not a simple open and pour out into your trash can . You have to use your hands to remove the dust buildup off of the filter . Kind of like when you remove the lint from the dryer , except much messier.If you can learn to live with that , which I did , it all does n't matter , once the PLASTIC wheels permanently fall off . Over time -LRB- about 9 months -RRB- , the wheels start to get loose and then eventually fall off permanently , without the recourse of replacing them.Any suggestions are welcome ... I am now looking for another vacuum cleaner .
 This is a cute Vacuum , and that 's about it . The filter clogs , and they are next to impossible to find . The Canister is a pain to empty . The biggest problem I found was there was no height adjustment . If you have thick carpet , you just need to forget about this vacuum . What A nightmare to push and pull this stupid thing . Mine has gone to Goodwill .
 Pros
 This vacuum has a lot of suction from its hose attachment but almost none through the floor suction . I believe I must have gotten a defective model , but got no help on my first call to Eureka 's customer service.My dilemma is whether to live for a while with a product that 's barely working or to struggle through the cost/time/effort to get it repaired-especially when considering the low purchase price . -LRB- Ah , our throw-away society ! -RRB- Even if it was working well , the fact that the exhaust blows out the front , chasing the dirt away from you , makes this unit 's design questionable.I do love that great spring green color !
 I seriously hope this is the review that sends this vacuum back to the drawing board . I saw some other post about the exhaust blowing debris in front of the vacuum but OMG !!! I live in NYC , I admit that I have dust bunnies , they love to hang out in the corners . When I approach them the exhaust from the vacuum creates a nice little whirlwind right before I get to them and causes them to blow up into the air.Terrible design really ! Eureka and potential buyers . this Vacuum would be a 5 star success but the dumb position of the exhaust destroys any hope . not sure if this vacuum sucks more or just blows .
 I bought this vacuum about a year ago and at first it worked pretty well . Not a lot of power , but it was small , and I have a small place , so I was willing to deal . However , after the first couple of months , the vacuum began to gradually become less effective at picking up dirt off the hard wood and tile floors , to the point that , a year later , it barely picks up anything at all . It mostly just moves dirt around . I am in the market for a new vacuum , and it will NOT be another Eureka Optima .
 This vacuum works fine for hardwood floors AT FIRST . After only a year or so -LRB- with pretty infrequent use , might I add -RRB- , this thing totally conked out and became pretty worthless . Cleaning the floors with damp paper towels was less work and more efficient than pushing this thing around . I live in NYC and see these on the curb as trash ALL the time . Judging from this , I 'd venture to guess that I 'm not the only dissatisfied owner .
 I had one of these vacuums for a year and it worked great on both bare and carpeted floors . Then the wheel broke off so I got this one . Well this one is a little bit different in design because whereas the old one was great at cleaning up seed off my hardwood floors , this one just blows the seed around . It works great on rugs but horribly on bare floors . Huge disappointment . Time to shop for a new vacuum .
 I bought this vacuum cleaner -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- about 2 + weeks ago and it just died on me . The motor went bust for no reason in particular . I was in the middle of vacuuming my carpet and it just died . I hardly even got to use it 5 times since I bought it.I had read the other reviews that it 's got poor build quality and was prone to breakdowns etc but I was reluctant to believe them . I guess I learned the hard way . Avoid buying this vacuum cleaner if you can . For the price I paid , I deserve far better quality than what I got , and you should too.Needless to say , I 'm absolutely disappointed and would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This vacuum works great until the plastic molded wheels fall off . The wheel design is poor -LRB- cheap -RRB- , and after less than a year of normal use on my vacuum a wheel came off . Unfortunately once this happens you are done.Due to this design flaw I do n't recommend this vacuum unless you plan to buy a new one each year .
 This seemed handy but it broke after 6 months even though I religiously cleaned the filter and emptied the canister . Eureka refused to fix or replace the vacuum because I did n't have my receipt and was quite rude about it too . What a waste of money .
 I was looking for a light weight , simple bag-less vacuum cleaner and the Eureka Optima seemed to fit the bill . At first , I liked it because it was light , small and seemed to do a decent job of cleaning . Then the problems started . First of all , the dirty little secret with bag-less vacuums is that while they have no bag , they have filters . With this vacuum , you need to clean the filter every two or three times you vacuum or it significantly looses suction . Also , as soon as the filter starts to collect dirt , the noise level goes way up on the machine . It 's to the point where the vacuum is almost painfully loud to use . Second , as others have noted , the wheels fall off . The wheel are snapped onto the machine and over time , the become loose and fall off . Since it 's all plastic , there is very little you can do to reattach them . Would it really have cost them that much more to put real wheels on it ? Finally , the machine vents to the front which causes loose debris in front of the vacuum to blow away unless you have it angled just right . Not an issue on carpet but you notice the dust bunnies blowing around when you use it on tile.Overall , I can not recommend this unit and mine will soon be going in the trash . It 's not worth the frustration of the painfully loud motor and wheels that wo n't stay attached .
 My husband and I bought this vacuum after we bought our first house , because it was a good deal , and without any children we figured we did n't need anything too heavy duty . That was $ 65 down the drain.The canister is so narrow that hair and dirt clogs the filter within minutes of vacuuming because it has nowhere to go . Eureka claims their filters last 6 months or more , but we were replacing filters every two months -LRB- when we could find them , they were difficult to find in stores -RRB- . Every time I dumped the canister I had to pick all the hair and dirt off the filter so I could use it the next time , which was an absolutely disgusting task . We tried washing the filter , which Eureka claimed you can do , but it barely removed any dirt , took days to dry , and made the filter smell terrible from then on out.Then one day about 11 months after we bought the vacuum it just stopped working right in the middle of vacuuming . After searching online we found that many people have had this happen and it 's because the motor overheats and shuts itself off . So we let it cool , which took about a half hour , til it felt like there was n't any heat coming from it anymore . So I turned it back on to finish vacuuming , within 5-10 minutes the vacuum shut off again.We could n't get any help from Eureka with why our vacuum was overheating or how to fix it . We threw it out the next day and bought a new vacuum . We wo n't be buying from Eureka again !
 I bought this vacuum last year and it has been nothing but a pain in the rear since . First , it gets clogged quickly and overheats before you even know whats happening , and then even after you unclog it , it wont turn back on for at least 45 minutes.Second , the filters cost 10 dollars and need to be replaced very frequently-and you cant even purchase them at WalMart , so you end up paying shipping for them too.Third , the handle has come off . I 'm not abusive with my vacuum , but all of the sudden one day the top part of the handle just popped off in the middle of vacuuming ! This has happened every time I tried to vacuum with it.And fourth , the cord is super short . This meant that even in my small house I had to unplug the vacuum and move it from room to room to use instead of just plugging it in the hallway until I was done with the house as I can do with other vacuums.After reading the reviews of other vacuums and asking friends what they have , I went out and bought a Bissell Power Force . Its only a few dollars more and it has washable filters . My advice is to spend the 10-20 extra dollars and get a vacuum that is actually worth something .
 This vacuum has a major design flaw in that the exhaust vent is in the front , which blows all the dirt or hair away from the vacuum ! This is a huge problem with hard floors . I get my cardio excersize in while vacuuming , trying to outrun the dust bunnies , only to be stopped dead by the too short cord!I must say the suction is great & it 's wonderful on rugs or carpet , but useless on hard floors .
 This vacuum has 2 MAJOR problems :1 . The cord is far too short ! I ca n't even vacuum my average sized bedroom without switching to another wall plug . I could probably live with this , given the great suction , BUT ,2 . This thing blows dust bunnies in the air before you can get to them ! We have a corner of our bedroom where dust bunnies like to live , and they were flying in the air as I tried to suck them up ! Now I have to get out my dusting supplies and clean all the junk that landed on my dresser.I pictured myself like a warrior , holding the vacuum over my head , sucking dust and cat hair out of the air , and quickly returned this monster for a refund . I guess it would be fine for carpets , but beware if you have hardwoods or tile - you 'll be online for either an air cleaner or allergy meds .
 THE FRONT WHEELS OF THE VACUUM CLEANER ARE VERY SMALL WITH THE RESULT THAT THEY GET CAUGHT IN THE CARPET AND ONE HAS TO PUSH REALLY VERY HARD TO GET THE JOB DONE . IT IS NOT WORTH FOR EVEN $ 10.00 . INDRU MALKANI
 I would NEVER buy another one of these again . The first one they shipped died in less than a week . The $ 10 filters that you HAVE to change every 3-4 times you use it ca n't be cleaned . You must buy them which means you will spend $ 10 every few times you want to vacuum . I have all hard wood floors accept for a few area rugs . We have one cat , one kid and a wood stove . We do n't make huge messes . I wish I could post a video of this crappy vacuum NOT being able to pick up a Cheerio because you 'd laugh ! . I 'm writing this review because I just changed the filter on the replacement they sent and and tried cleaning some sawdust from around the wood stove and the motor died AGAIN.I really wanted a Regina Carpet Sweeper but they do n't make them anymore . : o -LRB- DO NOT BUY THIS VACUUM !!!
 I bought this product over a year ago , and unfortunately I regret it . I still like most of the features that drew me to it
 I bought this vacuum about a year ago - it was on sale for under $ 30 and it is not worth much over that . The filter needs to be changed every few times using it -LRB- even after cleaning it out ! -RRB- and the new filters are over $ 10 each!The suction is only okay . The machine is LOUD ! and dust comes out of it from day one.I recommend looking elsewhere for a vacuum .
 If I had only used this vacuum once , I would concluded that it was incredible because of the great suction and effective cleaning . It 's lightweight , which makes vacuuming stairs super easy.However , there are some major problems with it :1 . Short cord -- be prepared to plug and unplug multiple times .2 . Expensive filter that clogs with each use . Had to vacuum the filter with my old vacuum to extend the filter 's use .3 . Messy to empty the canister . Will never buy a bagless vacuum again .4 . Cheap construction . The plastic wheel snapped off and ca n't be replaced , so after just three years of use , this vacuum is no longer usable .
 Do not buy this vacuum if you have a pet . Cleaning out the canister is a very MESSY job and the dirt and pet hair stick all over the filter . Replacement filters are difficult to find and must be ordered on-line . I 've put up with this vacuum for a year and I 'm now buying a new BAGGED vacuum . I 've put up with it this long because it is very lightweight , it has a nice retractable handle , and you can set it to `` suction only '' and use it on bare floors . But cleaning out the dirt and pet hair is messy , messy , messy .
 This vacuum is a lightweight vacuum that functions reasonably well for almost a year . After a year of normal use of my vacuum , the wheels came off . The wheel design is poor . I do n't recommend this vacuum unless you plan to buy a new one in a year .
 I have had this vacuum for two years and use it almost weekly to clean about 1500 square feet of carpet . My wife and I chose it because we wanted a light unit that can easily be transported upstairs . We adopted a dog a year ago and it does a pretty good job of picking up her hair . The suction is decent and I like that it has a hose and attachments on board.Now , here 's what I do n't like about it . The first month we had it , the round handle came loose from the metal extension rod . It was simply glued in place , so I glued it back . It was a temporary fix and I had to re-attach with glue several times . Then , the hose , which is supposed to stow into a cradle on one side of the unit when not in use , came loose repeatedly and would wag like a tail as I vacuumed . This was a friction hold , so I added a layer of clear tape to increase the diameter of the hose to keep it snug . Next , the dial that controls the suction between hose and floor became loose . When I inspected it , I found that the plastic that keeps it from moving freely had broken . So now I have to check and correct the setting so that the dial does n't switch to hose while I vacuum the floor . Finally , and just recently , both wheels broke off ! The culprit ? Cheap plastic connectors . There is no axle ; just plastic wheels attached to a plastic base.In addition , the filter clogs too often . I have to clean it after each use , which is a messy , dirty affair . I am just waiting for the motor to break so I can purchase a new one -LRB- actually , I 'll just purchase another one anyway -RRB- . My criteria for a new vacuum will be a sturdy , well-built metal base , sturdy wheels and handle , and high-impact ABS plastic used as a needed .
 The most expensive purchases we make for our homes are the items that sit in the closet and go unused . Case in point , this Eureka vacuum . I needed to replace a stick vacuum to use on a daily basis in the kitchen and laundry for my hard flooring surfaces . I have three kids and two cats , so I have crumbs , dust , furballs , cat litter . etc. . After checking customer reviews , I decided on this vacuum - it seemed that it would fit the bill , and it was `` cute '' -LRB- which is very important , right ? -RRB- The onboard tools seemed like they would be a good thing , and also , I wanted to get something at my local retailer so I would n't have to wait for shipping . Well , I got this thing home and took it out of the box . It was way cool - had to be great , right ? WRONG.First of all , I turned it on , and it had to be one of the LOUDEST things in my home . As loud , or louder than my blender , for example . Not good . The head of the vacuum was too thick to fit underneath my kitchen cabinets . Strike # 2 . But the thing that got me the most was that the exhaust for the motor is right in front of the unit - it sits just above the head of the vacuum and blows hot air . If you are vacuuming carpet , this probably wo n't make a difference ... but on my hardwood floor , it was blowing the dust bunnies and furballs out of the path of the vacuum as I came up to them . It was like chasing shadows . Impossible to catch them . Hard pellets like crumbs and cat litter would n't pick up . All in all , it was just not good for me . And it was n't just me -- I had a friend who dropped by as I was cleaning , and I showed her the problems . She confirmed that the exhaust vent seemed to be blowing around the very things I was trying to pick up . It was very frustrating , because I 've been using vacuums for 20 + years now - it 's not that hard . And if you put your hand underneath to feel the suction , it was nearly non-existent . I checked it over to see if I had failed to assemble the three pieces properly . I had n't . However , it seemed to do an adequate job on the area rugs , so rather than take it back to the store , I sent it upstairs to live with my daughter , where she could use it for quick cleanups in her bedroom on the carpeted floors . Still really loud , though . REALLY loud . Oh , and the cord is fairly short . I guess this sort of thing is relative - depends on how large your rooms are . For me , the cord was short.So even though the vacuum is not useless , it was not used for it 's intended purpose , which means I spent another $ 50 buying what I should have bought in the first place - a Hoover Flair stick -LRB- my original one died after about 3 years of faithful service -RRB- - I had to wait a couple of days for shipping , but it was worth it , and now 18 months later I still have it and it works great . Live and learn , I guess .
 It 's light , but the Hepa filter fills up so often as to make me prefer a broom ... okay , I 've got two cats , so I 've learned to set up a chair by a waste basket and clean the filter with a plastic fork two or three times each time I clean the living room.There must be a better product out there .
 This is not your everyday vacuum . If you are going to use it once a month then maybe its for you . I had the motor go out about the third hour that I used it . I have a cleaning business and liked the light weight , but it just did not cut it .
 OxoSpoonReview -LRB- # 59191 -RRB- The quality is superb , the kind that 's a pleasure to own , BUT : Imo , it is too large for the average user , AND : The ergonomics are off-mark
 This product really surprised me because I was a great fun of Oxo products . The Oxo Steel Cheese Plane is a terrible product . I purchased this one about three weeks ago . The first use of this product made it bent where the handle meets the steel . The second use it completely snapped off in half !! I still like the most of the Oxo products however , I strongly suggest that you purchase different brand for your cheese slicing needs !
 I bought this peeler for slicing Parmesan cheese but it 's not up to the job . The handle is comfortable and secure but the blade is too flimsy for really hard cheese . Parmesan slices come out rough and too thick .
 My husband and I bought this plane in Feb 2010 and it was beginning to break by Nov 2010 . The plane detached completely from the handle in Dec 2010 . I really enjoy a great deal about OXO products , but we will not be buying an OXO item for quite a while .
 I bought this even though it 's really ugly because I 'd always thought Oxo made fairly high quality utensils . But , the handle on this cheese plane snapped off on almost its very first use !
 I like the idea that the blinds hang on a standard curtain pole , so you do n't have to fuss around with mounting . However , the selection is slim , and I do n't think you can even find these anymore . I did order the natural/ivory color , but they are not lined and do n't keep out the light at night , when I want the bedroom to be DARK . I also have a pair in dark purple , which blocks the light better . I agree that you have to be very careful raising and lowering them , the mechanism is rather flimsy .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 OxoSpoonReview -LRB- # 59291 -RRB- The quality is superb , the kind that 's a pleasure to own , BUT : Imo , it is too large for the average user , AND : The ergonomics are off-mark
 This is a nice piece , but definately NOT worth the money ! It is NOT made of solid wood . Plus , full assembly is required and is time consuming .
 This tenderizer looks and feels good . But for something that deals with raw meat not to be dish-washer safe is not acceptable for us . The item description online does n't indicate this fact . There is a small sticker on the side of the tenderizer regarding this fact once we received the item . Never used it .
 Buyer Beware - These are the same regular coffee mugs that you get when purchasing the Mikasa Dinnerware Sets or Coffee Mug Set . I purchased the `` Tall Cappuccino '' mugs under the impression that these mugs are taller and holds more coffee than the regular ones . To my disappoint they are identical to the regular coffee mugs I already have.I am very pleased with the coffee mugs I already have and is very upset that I was mislead to purchase more of the same mugs . Upon reading the product description again -LRB- see below -RRB- , it did say white `` cappuccino or coffee mug '' . I call this false and misleading advertisement on the seller.Product Features12-ounce , 4-1/2 - inch-tall off-white china cappuccino or coffee mug from MikasaMade from Mikasa 's patented chip-resistant Ultima chinaCreamy off-white mug with fluted pillar-like design and flared rimFreezer-to-oven Ultima china is safe for use in dishwasher and microwave3-1 / 2-inch diameter ; 4-1/2 inches tall ; 12-ounce capacity ; 2-year limited warranty
 The butter dish lid is so wide it is hard to grasp . A small knob like the one on top of the sugar bowl lid would be a great design improvement .
 I bought this thinking it would be better than all the cheap supermarket spoon/spatulas . It is worse - the head is not sealed to the handle and batter / food / grease / whatever gets in the slot where the head and handle connect and is impossible to get out - soaking , dishwasher on heat boost - nothing works . Also , 400 deg limit is iffy when using on the stove - 600 deg limit is much better . Mine curled a bit when used on the stove , but since it had a permanent reservoir of filth , I tossed it anyway . Better to splurge on the ones from Pampered Chef .
 I did n't buy it on Amazon , I bought it in Bed Bath & Beyond . I do n't know whether it is the store 's problem or what , the spatula has this horrible cheap perfume smell . I did n't realize this until I used it to stir the corn soup -LRB- since it 's heat resistant and my pot is non-stick -RRB- , and the soup tasted like perfume . Afterwards , I tried to wash it with detergent , soaked it in hot soapy water , nothing would make the smell go away . So buyers be aware , check the smell of the spatula before you use it .
 I liked these , so I purchased a couple of them . But after about 6 months or so , the bottom half of the two-piece handles came unglued , first one , than the other , rendering them useless . I tried to find a way to glue them , but the handle is ridged inside with large hollow spaces , so I could n't come up with an effective repair . Also , I did n't like that the handles trapped dirt and water , which would slowly leak out . The blade , which is removable -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- is too stiff and inflexible and rather thick , so it does not scrape cleanly . It is too stiff and cut very rounded on the end , not very spoon-shaped , so does not seem to fit the corners and rounded places in bowls very well . Because it is removable , it will sometimes fall off during use . I would have preferred a more squared-off spoon blade . It is good for cooking , as the silicone wo n't scratch a non-stick pan and it is stiff/large enough to stir effectively , but it 's hard to scrape the bottom of pans , since it 's so rounded . The handle is comfortable , but very bulky , taking up much more room in the drawer than a flat one . The spatula is slightly over 12 '' , end to end , so may not fit in some drawers . I would not buy again . I hope this helps .
 I usually like OXO products and find them to be relatively good quality . However , the handle to this whisk broke off where the metal cuff meets the plastic handle and it is now useless . It is poorly designed and the metal tines do not extend beyond the metal band .
 Faulty whistle makes this otherwise decent kettle very DANGEROUS !
 I was dissapointed in the color . Its listed as mock yellow , but it is mustard or a goldish color . Also the whistle sound is obnoxius . I would not reccomend this for just anyone because the tip and open spout could be awkward and dangerous in the wrong hands .
 For the price the quality is very poor . The plastic on the spout melted on the third day we used it.Also , the uplift mechanism is cute to pour it , but it makes it very difficult to fill it from the spout . Yeah yeah I know you 're supposed to lift the lid and fill the kettle from there , but how many people take the trouble to do that ?
 My wife and I had registered for this at Macy 's as a wedding gift . While it looks great and is easy to use , we 're going to have to replace it after just a few months because the joint around the body and the bottom has completely rusted and now slowly leaks water.I 'm about to check to see if there 's any guarantee , but otherwise I ca n't recommend this teakettle .
 I like this kettle but wished I knew more about it ... the first time I used it I had a problem ... after the water was boiled and it was whistling ... I went to pour and the bottom of the spout made a crackling noise and a big chip of the black paint came off ... now that I read all the other reviews I see this as a big problem ... I am afraid to let the kettle get too hot or else it will happen again in another place ... I do not recomend this product ...
 I have had this tea kettle for a little less than a year . Because it is made of two separate pieces of metal -LRB- one for the bottom , another for the sides -RRB- , it has started to leak out of the seams . Definitely not worth the money .
 We received the red uplift as a wedding gift several months ago . We finally got around to taking it out of the box and boiling some water . The whistle worked fine , but when we poured it there were flakes of blue paint in the water . We opened up the top and the blue enamel on the center of the kettle had completely flaked off and it actually looked like rust . Again , this was the FIRST time we used the kettle . We are returning this and getting another brand .
 This kettle works great but after two years of use the plastic spout cover has bubbled and melted from the heat . Who knows what icky plastic vapors I have inhaled in my kitchen ... and I really have to wonder why they put plastic in an area subject to so much heat ! The kettle has also become stained and messy looking , but that 's probably my fault for not scrubbing and polishing it every day.Because of the otherwise great functional design , I would buy another one of these * IF AND ONLY IF * it had an all-stainless spout cover .
 The positive reviews about this tea kettle seduced me into buying it . The kettle came quickly as all Amazon products do . Service from them is excellent , but I 'm reviewing the kettle , not Amazon . The kettle 's spout and mechanism that opens it will break apart as they are flimsy . Suggestion
 We just had a number of things in our home tested for lead another other heavy metals and this teakettle tested positive for very high levels of cadmium -LRB- a known carcinogen -RRB- . Yuck . Not cool.Our teakettle is orange and it 's possible that there is less -LRB- or no -RRB- cadmium in the unglazed or other -LRB- not red or orange -RRB- colors . But who knows.You might want to stay away from this one -- or ask OXO for confirmation that other colors are free of heavy metals
 This kettle has a number of problems , the most significant being that it does n't whistle consistently . I wanted to purchase a whistling teakettle because , from time to time , I have put the kettle on and forgotten about it . This kettle 's whistle worked less than 25 percent of the time , which renders that feature quite useless . I found the `` uplift '' handle to be awkward . It makes the kettle less stable when handling it , as the handle moves up and down to open the spout and this can happen at times when you are n't expecting it . I will say that I did get somewhat used to this , but I still never liked it . The bottom of this kettle is THIN ! It did not appear to be sturdy at all . And , ironically , this thinness did n't help it heat water any faster . I replaced this kettle with the Chantal teakettle -LRB- I got mine from Amazon before they quit carrying it , but you can find it at Williams-Sonoma -RRB- . It cost twice as much , but it is more than twice the quality . And the whistle always works !
 i was given the blue kettle as a gift three years ago . i liked the train whistle , but since i usually make tea for just myself , it 's easier to heat water in the microwave . when the microwave died , i used the kettle almost daily for two weeks , and now the rim around the kettle 's main opening has developed a super-annoying ring of rust ; and when the lid 's not on perfectly tight when you boil , the rust sputters over the side of the kettle with the water . why ? why does it rust ? why would i want to use something whose purpose is to hold water if it 's going to rust when wet ? also , when you tip the kettle to fill your cup -LRB- when the kettle is n't very full -RRB- , you will get a steamed hand because the spout is positioned too high on the kettle and you have to tip it quite a bit to get the water to pour out . -LRB- this short , high-set spout appears to a common design for mod kettles , but it does n't make any sense . -RRB- if the kettle is too full , you will have water sputtering all around the lid when it comes to a boil if the lid is n't pressed down firmly . it seems that everything that makes this kettle look cute makes it not function as well as it should . sorry cute kettle , but you 'll be replaced shortly -- by the new microwave .
 I generally love `` Good Grips '' kitchen utensiles , but am very disappointed with this pot . The design is not up to snuff . It 's difficult to fill , usually does n't close tight enough to whistle , and the handle gets very hot . And the lid broke after a few months of light use.These flaws are what I 'd expect if I bought a cheap kettle at a discount store , but for $ 50 I expect better . I 've always been a fan of Oxo , but if this is any indication , they 've lost their emphasis on quality and usability -LRB- and their justification for a higher price -RRB- .
 I purchased this piece of junk for $ 50 and the whistler died within a year . I must admit it does feel comfortable and the Uplift design is a great idea , but it is not worth buying so you can eventually burn your house down because the tea kettle whistle did not go off . Find another way to spend $ 50 , because this is not it !
 I really liked the ergonomics of this product . OXO does such a great job with that stuff . I happily used this kettle for a couple of years . Problems arose when ... 1 . The screw holding the handle to the body of the kettle corroded to practically nothing , and the handle fell off . Stainless steel or brass would have worked better than the steel screw they used ; 2 . The rounded bottom allowed flames from the gas burner on which the kettle was warming to rise up the side of the kettle and melt the spout flap!I do n't know what temperature was reached , but to use materials on a kettle that can melt at household-use temperatures is a big oversight in my book .
 They changed the Uplift kettle , and the newer generation is definitely inferior to the previous . The kettle no longer features the pleasant harmonic whistle . The stainless kettles also have a seam along the bottom that the colored kettles do not have . It distorts the aesthetics . And the brushed stainless model takes FOREVER to boil .
 I love OXO products except for this tea kettle . I - need - a kettle that whistles and this one does n't . I burned up my first one of these and am now on my second . Both were gifts or I would have returned them . The steam comes out around the base of the spout .
 My wife and I experienced the same problem that a few other people have mentioned , but I wanted to add that we even returned the kettle for a brand new one and it happened again . Surely this is a design flaw.The lid forms a tight seal , and is actually difficult to remove . The handle on the lid broke off within the first month of usage . And we were even gentle with it the second time around.Poor design and/or craftsmanship on this one . You have been warned .
 I bought this kettle because I liked the modern design . That 's about all I like about it . It 's difficult to load with water , it 's started leaking from the seams after only a few months , the handle gets hot ... `` good grips '' this is not . I recommend staying far away from this kettle .
 I owned this teakettle for years . Like so many items on the market these days , it looked great . I hardly used it for years . I recently started making my coffee in a French press and heated the water in the teakettle . First the whistle stopped working then the bottom sprang a leak ! Unbelievable for the price ! Would not recommend .
 I was specifically looking for a tea kettle that whistled and whistled loudly . Sorry to say that my search was not meant by this product . Other then that it looks good sitting on your stove and is easy to handle with even when the kettle is full a water .
 About a year ago , I started drinking more tea than coffee at least during the winter months . SO , I needed a kettle . The first Oxo I bought lasted about 2 weeks before the littole hinge pins at the spout broke so I took it back . Now the handle on the cover has broken a screw mount so it will either have to be replaced or repaired . When it is together and not falling apart it works great . I just done have that much confidence in it 's quality .
 Sequence of events that led to this review :1 . I exchanged the first Oxo kettle I bought because the lid -LRB- not the spout -RRB- did not fit right , and the steam escaping from the top burned my hand .2 . I returned the 2nd kettle because the lid was so tight I had to have my husband open it or fill it through the spout . -LRB- This made cleaning it impossible . -RRB- 3 . The 3rd kettle was returned beacuse it had flaws in the finish and would eventually turn into rust spots.I gave up and expressed my disappointment to Oxo about this kettle , They were kind enough to send one to me . This kettle was great -- at first ; but , after awhile , the handle loosened up and , yes , steam began to escape . It now sits atop my refrigerator looking down on my ten-dollar kettle that has lasted me for years.Save your money . It 's a great concept but short-lived .
 From reading the other reviews , I see that my problems with this kettle are not unique . It actually seems like I was fortunate , because mine just started having problems at three years old . It 's stopped whistling and the steam escaping from it is a little scary , which it was n't before . It always boils quickly . The lid can be hard to get off and on , and the moving handle has always made me nervous -LRB- but no injuries yet ! -RRB- . It 's way overpriced , too . I got it as a wedding gift . Do n't buy it yourself .
 The old OXO tea kettles had a train whistle sound . This new one has a single high pitch whistle that is so weak you could n't hear it in the next room . Save your money and buy something cheaper . It will work as well if not better . I returned mine and got another brand and it works just fine and it was cheaper too .
 This teakettle was given to me as a gift . I will say that it does the job . It boils water . But there were many things I dislike about it . I dislike the uplift mechanism to open the spout . I found it cumbersome . The whistle was odd . It had a low sound and reminded me of the sirens some cities use as am emergency alert signal . I usually kept the spout open so I wouldnt hear the whistle . I have now had it for about a year and today when I pulled open the stopper to add water , the handle snapped completely off.Thats a good excuse to get rid of it . Okay it did the job but there are better teakettles out there . I wouldnt buy another one of this model . I would not recommend this kettle . It does boil water so it worked -LRB- until the handle broke -RRB- .
 This was an expensive kettle , and it is n't even worth half of the price . The lid pops off and the handle keeps getting loose and has to be tightened . I think their marketing plan is flawed . Buy something that will last and wo n't need to be replaced in less than a year .
 WARNING
 I 've wanted this pot for some time . So I was more then excited when I got it.Well that wore off to soon . First the whistle is more like a stuck car horn then the whistle stopped working 2 weeks after it showed up . If you like watching water boil this is great , but do n't turn your back because the whistle will stop working the first time you trust it to call you .
 As others have experienced , the whistle gave out after a few months ; in my case cracks also appeared in the lid.Uplift handle works well and the stainless steel finish is durable -- does n't tarnish as easily as the finish on other , cheaper kettles .
 The kettle arrived with the whistle and spring packed separately and no instructions enclosed . I contacted the seller who responded promptly and suggested that I call the manufacturer , which I did . The manufacturer said that the whistle was supposed to be installed at the factory and that the kettle was defective and advised me to send the item back to the seller . -LRB- This seemed to be a run around . Amazon takes no responsibility , even though they arranged the sale -RRB- . The seller sent me an address to return the item to but no prepaid instructions , which would leave me to pay the freight.Then , I received a message from the manufacturer saying that they would exchange the kettle for a new one and enclosed a prepaid Fedex label in the email . They suggested that i wait until i received the new one and send the original one back in the packaging that I received . I was most impressed by the customer care department at OXO and would advise anyone wanting to buy this interesting kettle to spend a few extra dollars and get it from the source.I would give this seller a very poor rating .
 I bought this to replace an old Oxo Good Grips kettle because after years and years , the whistle quit working . My old one was a shiny stainless and I thought for less maintenance I 'd get the brushed stainless . Well ... I 'm neat and clean and never fry things on the stove but this thing looked awful after just a couple of weeks . The outside is covered with brown spots and gook and I ca n't get it off with steel wool and rubbing compound ! It 's odd because there was only an occasional amount of soiling on the old shiny one . I 'm going to throw this out and get a new kettle . If you do n't care how things look , you might like this ... but I ca n't stand to look at this blight on my stove . A colossal waste of money .
 a very cheaply made contraption , the handle melted off the first time I used this kettle . I 'm mailing it back to OXO.I rated this with one star only because there was no option for no stars .
 I ordered this kettle in March . After receiving it , I noticed that it imparted a terrible chemical taste to the water . I sent them an e-mail describing the problem and requested a refund and a method to return the item . Their web site directed me to call their help line , which I did . They were very polite and indicated that they would send the shipping label so that we could return the kettle . They indicated that they would issue a full refund . After 2 weeks I had not received the label . I placed another call and was told that my request was being processed.I finally received the label and instructions and sent the kettle back in late April . I received the refund Yesterday , July 17 -- after 2 more calls.This product is awful and Oxo 's customer service -LRB- save for the very polite staff -RRB- is terrible . You could n't pay me to try another Oxo product .
 Initially , I was put off by the cost , but figured it must be a quality kettle . Within a few months of owning the pot , the handle to the water reservoir broke . An end of the plastic handle pulled off the lid . No problem , I just screwed it back in . A month later it pulled out again . This time , I unscrewed to the handle to find that the screws were only held in by a metal collar embedded in the plastic . The metal collar somehow stripped and pulled out of the plastic . The handle was permanently broken . I pressed the handle and lid back on and started filling the kettle through the pour . The screws holding the handle on the lid started to rust.I also found the pour handle clunky . If you do n't hold it level , it will pop open unexpectedly and splash water out . Not a big problem for me , but my wife -LRB- who is petite -RRB- always had a problem holding the pot with one hand.The pot is getting replaced . 50 dollar piece of garbage .
 We 've had this kettle for about three years , and every time we use it are reminded of how much we dislike it . The whistle stopped working a while ago , the handles get uncomfortably hot , and it does n't clean up well -LRB- we have the `` stainless '' steel -- not really so stainless -RRB- . My biggest complaint with it , though , is that the lid -- which is wide , and is supposed to make the pot easier to clean -- is really difficult to take off and put back on . Every time I pull it off of the tea kettle I end up banging my hand on the handle . Ouch ! Buy a different tea kettle . That 's what I 'm finally doing .
 Very heavy , whistle sounds like a steam boat . But worst , it stopped whistling at all after a couple of months . Very disappointing , given the high cost and Oxo 's usually good products
 I am very disappointed in the kettle . Not only does it have an unreliable whistle -LRB- which someone already mentioned -RRB- , it also started to rust inside ! I like to keep boiled water in a kettle , because I prefer not to use tap water when I cook . After a few days of keeping my kettle filled , rust appeared . As a comparison , my cheaper enameled kettle lasted for 2 years without rust . Although I do like the innovative design , I am returning this item because it failed to do the tasks a basic kettle should
 I have had two of these kettles and loved each of them until encountering the same fatal flaw . I will never buy one again unless I know that the kettle has been redesigned to prevent this easily-correctable problem.The lid assembly consists of a handle and two stainless parts , bolted together with machine screws . The machine screws are attached to the handle through two bushings that eventually become loose , causing the lid to fall apart . I have tried epoxy and many other methods to make the bushings stay put , but have not been able to make a sturdy repair that lasts longer than a few uses.When the lid on the second kettle failed , my wife scalded her hand very badly.If you research this product on the net it is apparent that many people have complained about this for years . For a company that prides itself on good -LRB- and safe -RRB- design , the failure to correct this simple problem is inexplicable.In fairness , I like every other aspect of this kettle . The unique pivoted handle is comfortable and safe , and makes convenient pouring a breeze . The kettle is attractive and , except for the lid , durable . The bottom is designed for efficient heating and works well with any type of stove . The whistle is melodious .
 I bought the shiny chrome `` stainless steel '' model , washed before using , as they recommend , then boiled water for a pot of tea . Noticed my tea was leaving black grease-like marks around my cup and could see a visible slick or film on the water . Poured the rest of the water into a clear pitcher only to find black floaty bits in it . Do n't know if it was from the sealer or if they were actual pieces of metal . Cleaned , boiled another pot of water and the same thing happened . Boiled again at length with white vinegar and water . Still , there were floaters . Needless to say , I returned it immediately . Injesting unidentified floating objects with tea is not recommended.Looks cool , interesting pouring concept , nice colors but water comes out dirtier than water put in . Could just be a problem with the chrome pot . I heart OXO , but will definitely not be buying their tea kettles again .
 Generally I love Oxo products , but I was really disappointed with this one . Shortly after receiving this as a wedding gift , the whistle stopped working.About 6 months later , the seam at the bottom began to leak . I do n't remember reading anything about not leaving water in it , but it seems like you should be able to leave water in a teapot . I have a Revereware teapot that is over 12 yrs old , I leave water in it all the time , and it works fine . The only reason I switched was I liked the wide mouth on the Oxo so I can get inside to clean . I 've gone back to the Revereware .
 I purchased this kettle 3 years ago . The whistle is great , the handle is fine . The problem that my husband and I have is with the lid . The lid forms such a strong seal that it is almost impossible to lift the lid without a peice of it breaking off.The inside became rusty as well . Looks great , not worth the money .
 I am really disappointed with this kettle . On the second use , I noticed that the tea tasted strangely metallic . If the water sits in this kettle for any length of time , it takes on an unpalatable flavor . After I threw out tea a couple of days in a row , I decided to bring the kettle back to the store . I have never had this problem with my old tea kettle . I 've been drinking tea for over 40 years and I have a very good palate and I was on to this immediately .
 I purchased this kettle because i wanted a kettle that whistled since I 've been known to forget I put the kettle on . Well it whistled great for about 2 months but has now gone silent . I was most disappointed since i have in the past had good experiences with OXO products . This kettle looks good but keep looking around if you want a whistle .
 I purchased this for my wife for Chrtistmas and brought it home to find it leaked water from the top the 1st time we used it . If you look at the top handle , its angled toward the rear . If you are not being careful and watching your `` water level , '' when it starts to boil , it leaks from the top handle . It caused a mess for us . Also , I was not fully satisfied with mechanism it uses to open the spout . Unless the tea kettle is placed on a flat surface , you can not open or close the spout , because it uses leverage -LRB- from the handle -RRB- . We took it back the day after Christmas . Still looking for a perfect tea kettle ... I thought $ 50 would have done it , but I was disappointed .
 This pretty teakettle does not whistle ! I believe it does n't whistle because of the uplift handle/spout mechanism . I tried boiling water several times and each time the water boiled it did not whistle . I went to the stove and held the handle down tight - with force - and only then did it whistle ... . but upon letting go it stopped whistling . So - if you want it to whistle - you must stand by the stove and apply pressure to the handle so that the spout cover closes securely - and if you have to do that - then what is the point right ?
 This teakettle has a nice pouring design -LRB- cap lifts off while your pour -RRB- but what 's with the cap melting off ? I have never had this problem with any other teakettle . I usually like OXO products , but this one is a fail . Oh , and the whistling mechanism got so weak that the other day , I did n't hear it , the water burned down , the kitchen had a bad melting plastic odor for an hour , as I took off the cover , the handle broke off , and it totally committed suicide . This was not inexpensive . As I look through the reviews on Amazon , there seems to be a weakness in every teakettle out there ... for what seems like a low tech appliance , why have we not perfected this ?
 The first one we got leaked from the bottom seam . We got another from Amazon for free . However , now the lid on the second one has broken . The product looks nice and the auto-opening spout is convenient but this model just does n't last . For the price , I would expect it to outlast my children !
 Oxo used to be synonymous with good design -- but this tea kettle should have been left on the drawing board . In theory , the clever handle -LRB- lift the kettle , and the lid automatically opens -RRB- is a good idea , but if you 're used to a standard kettle where the handles swings out of the way , this one might seem too awkward . The handle gets in the way of both filling and washing up . Other than that annoyance , the kettle does have one good thing going for it
 Purchased this as a gift for my mother . She loved it . A bit heavy though . After 6 months the whole whistling assembly fell apart . Now looking for a new better tea kettle .
 I was so excited when I saw this . Simple , elegant ... . But in less than a week , the covering on the spout was melting off . And we are in the kitchen while the tea kettle heats - there is no letting it sing away for minutes at a time . How can you make a product for boiling water if the temperature at boiling causes the spout to melt away?I really feel ripped off .
 I had this kettle for several years and was very excited when I bought it . I liked how it opened by tilting the handle and the fact that it had a large opening for easy filling and cleaning . After a few weeks , however , I noticed that the screw that held the handle in place was getting loose . Eventually the screw would pop out and the handle would be useless . I was able to tighten the screw with a screw driver , but hated the fact that I had to do that every 3 weeks or so . I did n't want to buy a new kettle because I had spent $ 50 on this one . I recently bought a new kettle , but did not get another oxo . I usually like their products , but is one I will not purchase again .
 You would need to be able to hear as well as a dog -LRB- or cat -RRB- to hear the whistle on this tea kettle.Yes , It is very pretty BUT it takes forever to boil water in , the spout opens every time you touch the handle & the lids leaks -LRB- as in when it is boiling , water & bubbles come up from the edges of the lid well before the whistle makes any sound at all -LRB- what little sound it makes -RRB- . Too bad , the idea was good
 Oxo Good Grips Uplift Teakettle , Brushed Stainless SteelI bought the green enamel Oxo Good Grips Uplift Tea Kettle 2 Qt . capacity less than 6 months back . I use it daily to boil water for cooking . I take good care of it - keep it clean and dry when not in use . Unfortunately , it has began rusting inside where the spout meets the kettle . This is definitely not worth the money .2 stars for the good looks and the comfy handle .
 I 've had two of these and both had the same problems after less than a year of use -- the cover expanded and became very difficult to get on and off , and the handle loosened until eventually I could n't get the screws back in tightly enough . So I tried a different brand , the Medelco Rondell , at about half the price , and now I am totally staisfied . In this case , you do n't get what you pay for .
 This teakettle has a design flaw . The handle on ours started to come loose within a month or so . It has to be retightened every week or it almost falls off . The loosening occurs at the spot where the handle is attached and by the uplift , which creates a constant yank on this spot . Very frustrating for an expensive , otherwise good tea kettle . Do n't but it . The problem is inherent on the design .
 On the Oxo model I use , the lid is held together by two screws where the handle attaches . Every three days or so I spend a few minutes removing the several pieces of the lid and carefully re-assembling them , and tightening the screws with a screwdriver , it 's not a big deal but it 's not awesome either.The angle of the handle makes the kettle difficult to fill , if you fill it through the removable lid the handle is in the way , if you fill it through the pour spout the handle is at an awkward angle relative to the faucet or water pitcher.After several years of daily use the parts all still look new , they are obviously high quality , but the poor engineering has me in the market for a different kettle .
 poor design with the handle in the way when your filling it from the top . expected better from Oxo
 I like nothing about this kettle . The handle shifts unexpectedly which makes it awkward to move to a different burner and downright dangerous to pour . The instructions say to empty after use . It feels flimsy .
 The handle on the lid pulled off after we had only made two kettles of hot water . Must be some flaw in the design of the lid fastener .
 My 2004 uplift burned out -LRB- someone left the whistle top open while heating on the stove -RRB- so I bought a new one . My old one had the cool train whistle , which was a selling point for me , but the new model has a weak high pitched tone . I 'm taking it back to the store tomorrow for something else . Too bad , I really liked the handle .
 This kettle is not designed for a gas stove . All it takes is one use with the flame a bit too high or the kettle a bit off the center of the burner , and the plastic spout cover melts . The whistle is in the spout cover , so that falls apart soon after . I did like the design , but only consider it for use on an electric stove .
 How can this be called stainless steal if it could rust by leaving water in it ?
 I just replaced my much-loved , thoroughly used OXO Uplift Teakettle with a new one after 12 happy years . What was once the teakettle to end all teakettles , a professional-grade piece of cookware that harkened back to a post-World War II unionized factory staffed with hard-working veterans bent on making good for themselves and their families , has been degraded to a cheap , flimsy , and ORDINARY tea kettle . While I used to tell friends to invest the 50 bucks and get a kettle that sounds a siren loud enough to usher school children into a fallout shelter , requires no dicey lifting of hot metal parts to pour , and looks amazing enough on your stove to leave on display , I will now counsel them to they as just as well off going to Marshall 's or TJ Maxx and get something in fuschia for $ 14.99 . The revised Uplift has a flimsy lid , and worst of all , a weak whistle that I can already tell -LRB- because I 'm a chain tea-drinker who pretty much always has a pot on the boil -RRB- is going be wheezing soundlessly atop a forgotten , smoking kettle someday soon . The previous model would close with a loud , heavy SNAP . This one , well , it 's has that corporate-sponsored , flimsy , `` clinkle '' . I know I 'm passionate about this , but it is just sad to witness the decline and ruination of a quality product . There are so few of them left . Save your duckets and get a cheap kettle , because despite its price , this kettle now IS a cheap kettle . Sigh .
 I bought the Uplift kettle in the `` polished stainless steel '' finish -LRB- it 's shiny , like chrome -RRB- . The included instructions state to clean the kettle before first use -LRB- using hand washing , warm water , liquid soap , no abrasive powders or steel wool -RRB- . I followed the instructions , and after that ONE washing , the surface is covered in fine scratches and scuffs ! I probably would still have kept the kettle , except that the whistle is VERY quiet ! It 's not even audible from the next room . That was the deal breaker . I bought this kettle for my parents , and if I can barely hear the whistle , they never will , and this kettle was way too expensive to risk letting it burn up .
 I actually purchased two of these . The second was purchased when the whistle stopped working on the first -LRB- I thought the broken whisle was my fault because it ran for a few minutes -RRB- . Both lasted about a year . Here 's what 's not to like :1 -RRB- Rubber handle splits along bottom seam2 -RRB- Whistle stops working after a short while3 -RRB- Hard to refill with water if hot , steam burns your hand4 -RRB- Lid difficult to open/close5 -RRB- `` Stainless steel '' mars easily , does not retain appearance6 -RRB- Takes forever to boil contents7 -RRB- Bottom seam leaksMany other reviews echo these same experiences . While it appears to be a nice unit from a company that normally has a good reputation , it is not . Be forewarned , do n't but this item .
 I probably would have given this pot 5 stars when I first bought it a little over 2 years ago . I have had no trouble with the whistle or the cover , and I like the design . This pot -LRB- ebameled metal -RRB- has been used daily . After about 6 months I noticed some rust at the spout where the water comes out . This rust area has grown . Now the inside is deteriorating . Flakes of the inside coating are coming loose and it seems to be rusting a bit inside as well . I would suggest avoiding the colored versions and going for the stainless .
 I bought the brushed stainless steel version of this kettle 11 months ago , and a few months into its life the plastic handle broke off . After a few unsuccessful attempts trying to glue it back in place , the spout melted . The kettle is nearly unuable now .
 I purchased one of these kettles a couple of years ago and generally like it , especially the spout that opens automatically when you pour . However the whistle is not durable . I sent my first two back to OXO due to the whistle failing . They graciously replaced the units with new ones , the second of which had a new design for the whistle . However , it too failed within a couple of months . I have followed the directions of not filling the kettle with too much water and only using medium heat to no avail.I have an electric stove so I have not had the handle-heating problem that others have mentioned.I can not recommend this kettle as I feel it is dangerous to not have the whistle function properly .
 this kettles handle gets two hot and ive only had it for awhile and the wistle is going out . not impressed .
 When I try filling this thing with water , it keeps closing - got ta hold it by the neck to keep the spout open to put the water in - ca n't wait to get a replacement . Also , on our gas range , the handle gets very hot - need to use a pot holder to pick it up .
 We bought this to replace a teakettle that did n't have a whistle . This was n't any better . Even though we both have normal hearing we could not hear the whistle anywhere outside the kitchen . Replaced with a Kitchenaid kettle which has a far louder whistle .
 Oh it boils water and it pours nice but soon after you use it it stops whistling and you may burn the pot when your depending on the whistle . A big safety hazard .
 Just to confirm ; If you have a nice stainless steel kitchen and a good stove with a big flame , avoid this kettle.If you put the flame on high , so you can boil water quickly -LRB- duh -RRB- it licks around the bottom and melts the edge of the whistle , killing it.The handle gets too hot after water is boiling more than a couple of minutes . -LRB- maybe if the whistle still worked ... -RRB- Also if you reheat to bring water back to the boil.In all fairness , my mother has the same kettle in porcelain , on a stove with 3-4 inch burners . In that setting , it 's fine.PS Do n't go for the Kitchen Aid Kettle . It 's even worse .
 This teakettle is the worst ! After one week of use it 's already rusting inside . The lid has cracked from the heat . I am very dissapointed . Do n't purchase this one . Keep shopping for a different brand .
 It took exactly 1 use to melt the cheap plastic pouring cap / whistle . With a metal pouring cap , this would be five stars as it looks good and fills well . It just struggles with with temps required to boil water .
 If your answer is 5 years , then this tea kettle will meet your needs . If you expect quality that will last for decades -LRB- and come on , there are n't many moving parts here -RRB- , then look elsewhere . I 've had mine for 6 years , and after 5 it stopped whistling . This is really dangerous because it 's easy to forget that you 've turned the stove on . Another reviewer mentioned the seal going bad . Mine never suffered from misuse , overboiling , etc. . Also , the enamel on the outside is starting to degrade . I 'm on Amazon now looking for a replacement , and it wo n't be another OXO .
 After using only a few times , the bristles fell out in big clumps . I was using it to brush olive oil on filo dough when it starting falling apart , and I wondered if the oil had softened the glue that held them in . Will look for a replacement that uses something besides just glue to attach bristles to the handle .
 I have many of the Oxo products and really like them . I liked this brush as well until bristles started falling out . Last week , it completely fell apart while I was hand washing it . The bristles detached from the brush handle . I bought it last December .
 I bought this because it was pretty cheap and I needed to get up to $ 25 to qualify for free shipping . I washed it before I used it , and the bristles frayed terrible when it dried and they are sticking out in all directions now . I tried to use it and little bristles kept falling out in my food ! I put it in the dishwasher after the first use and now it 's just about unusable . I usually love Oxo as a brand , but this product was very disappointing .
 I bought this pastry brush to use for brushing on melted butter when I make baklava . I had used silicone , but wanted better and more gentle coverage for phyllo dough . I used this brush once and it did `` work '' well . But after I ate 2 pieces of baklava , I noticed I had several fibers in my mouth ! I am sure I ate a lot of the fibers - as did my guests . I will stick with silicone from now on . I am sure this is not a problem with all bristled pastry brushes . But if you do not like a sprinkling of boar hair in your food , then do not buy this !
 I made the BEST baklava - which was ruined by the bristles that fell out . All that work to be negated by this brush ! I 'm sticking with silicone from now on .
 This brush works pretty well for applying egg washes , butter , or even light basting . Like most Oxo products , it feels good in the hand with a rubbery grip and a nice shape to the handle . I had a few hairs fall out when it was new but have n't had the severe ongoing problem that others have had . Maybe I got lucky or there has been some change in the manufacturing process since I got mine many years ago -- I only use this a few times a month but it adds up over the years . The bristles could be a little stiffer but they work well enough.What I really do n't like about it is that it is hard to clean . The boar bristles retain fats , soak up the color of tomatoes or turmeric , and worst of all , hold the odor of eggs . If I can see , feel , or smell food on something , it 's not clean because there are food particles present . The only way I have found to get it to the point that it looks , feels , and smells clean is to wash it well with dish detergent and then soak it in a glass of water with a few drops of bleach . This is a serious flaw with the natural bristles.I consider the ease of cleaning very important with kitchen gadgets so this fails the test . I like to clean up after cooking and not have to leave things soaking overnight to deal with while the coffee is brewing in the a.m. . It would n't matter so much if I were a professional chef with a pot of melted butter on the stove that this sat in 24/7/365 but for me this just does n't work well . I have n't yet tried the silicone bristle brushes from Oxo but I would be willing to sacrifice a little function for the ability to get it clean.Comment
 I love Oxo products in general and have lots of them , including one of their silicon pastry brushes , which works great . But for some stuff I just prefer regular boarhair brushes so when I saw this I grabbed it up . Imagine my surprise when it turned out to be one of the worst pastry brushes I 've owned ! It loses hairs constantly and they are hard to see , and often I miss them in the food . Not good !! I 've only used this brush a couple times and it 's lost dozens of hairs each time . It 's going in the trash now .
 Like with most OXO kitchen implements , this `` Dough Blender '' has a sturdy , easy-to-grip handle . The blending end , unfortunately , is not so sturdy . The wires are about the thickness of whisk wires , and they tend to clump or spread apart when confronted with hard bits of butter . I have used mine several times , and while it does eventually get the job done , it 's only slightly more efficient than butter knives . The wires on my tool are permanently mis-spaced from normal use -- there is a large gap between the middle loops . It is easy to clean , and I imagine if you 're working with softer materials , like shortening , this tool might work for you . On hard butter , though , it 's frustratingly ineffective.I am not pleased with this product and strongly encourage you to buy something sturdier . I 'm eventually going to upgrade to something with blades -- I think the increase in sturdiness will outweigh the inconvenience of cleaning it .
 I have had this blender for a while . It is okay on smaller jobs such as streusel but I recently made a double pie crust recipe and instead of cutting the butter the wires spread and let the butter pass through almost whole . It was a mess . By the time I was done by arms were sore , the blender was misshapen and there were still huge chunks of butter in the dough . I would suggest getting one that has sides to it so the wires do n't have as much room to spread .
 It works like its suppose to for a while , be the `` tongs '' are too fragile and bendable . I make a lot of pies during the holiday season , and one tong broke off and another couple were bent beyond repair . Do yourself a favor and purchase a more substantial piece of equipment . I was very displeased at this product .
 this dough blender is pretty useless . the wires are not reinforced which makes cutting cold butter into the flour almost impossible and very time-consuming . you 're better off just using two knives or your fingers than this dough blender , that 's for sure . what a disappointment !
 I bake but not so much that I put a hand blender through any serious paces . This worked well enough and it was easy to grip BUT it is flimsy . Even with the limited use I made of it -LRB- once a month -RRB- the plastic holding the wires BROKE . There is no way to fix the cheap plastic and it is useless.Really , it was not a good value for the sturdiness required for an occasional baker of biscuits as myself .
 Lately I 've been replacing a few kitchen gadgets that just do n't work right , and this is one of them . The wire cutters are too weak , they bend out of the way instead of blending ingredients . I do n't know if all wire-style dough blenders have this problem but I think I 'm going to try a bladed type .
 I have used inexpensive pastry blenders for years , but the handles broke or the blades came loose . So was very excited when I saw this OXO model . Was VERY disappointed with it . As other reviews point out , the wires do not cut -- they bend . They are not rigid enough to cut shortening into dough . The handle is great , the wires are useless . The ` OXO Good Grips Dough Blender with Blades ' -LSB- model number
 I was visiting a friend who did n't own a pastry cutter , so we ran to the store to get one . All they had was this Oxo Dough Blender , so even though I prefer a blender with blades , I bought this by default . What a mistake ! When I tried to chop the shortening into the flour -LRB- for a pie crust -RRB- , this piece of junk only SMASHED the shortening into the flour , and I could n't create the ` pea-sized ' shortening pieces that allow you to have a light , flaky crust.I do not recommend this blender at all ! It ruined my pie crust ! I only recommend a pastry blender/cutter with BLADES that chop the shortening into the flour , or the butter into a streusel topping . Oxo actually sells a correctly bladed one -LRB- the `` Oxo Good Grips Dough Blender with Blades '' -RRB- , so why would you buy their inferior dough blender ??
 This does not cut in butter very well , it just mashes it , since the wires are round , not flat like blades . The wires are very bendy , which also is ineffective . Sending this to Goodwill and got one with the blades .
 I 'm here on Amazon looking at pastry blenders to replace this guy which finally broke yesterday . The handle broke at one of the end wires , so I had to pull it up out of the way so I could finish my pie crust . Granted , I had it for years , but I 'm looking for my tools to last a lifetime - I guess I 'm funny that way.I also agree with the other commenter that the hard butter just pushes the wires out of the way . This really is n't a very well-designed piece of equipment and I should have noticed it when I bought it , but I was pretty enamored of OXO Good Grips tools . I ca n't imagine someone with limited abilities being able to use this thing though .
 Nice handle design , but that 's about as much as I can say for this pastry knife . The wire blades are too flexible , so they tend to bend around butter/shortening instead of cutting it . If you want something that works , buy a pastry knife with blades that are cut from a solid piece of metal , instead of individual wires .
 I liked the product because the handle was more comfortable to hold than my previous one . Cold butter was hard to cut with this , and the last time I used it , one of the end tines was bending way out . After closer inspection , I saw that the plastic around the tine had just cracked apart . Some duct tape might do the trick , but no , I 'm now searching for a better pastry blender .
 I bought this blender to make pie pastry , and I was thoroughly disappointed . The wires do n't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through . . I spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result . The handle is nice but it just does n't get the job done .
 i brought this at bb & B ; and this is one of the worst kitchen toolthe wires bent all different angels and do n't do the cutting of butter into the flour as fast as the other ones.don ' t waste your money on this .
 Usually OXO products are fairly tough and durable , but not this one . It is impossible to cut cold butter and flower with this blender because the wires just clump all together . You would have better luck with a fork and that is n't saying much.I have n't found a replacement product , but I have seen ones that have solid metal stripes rather than wires .
 I bought this reluctantly because I needed a pastry blender and this is the only one I could find . After reading the other reviews , I figured it would be fine . Big mistake . The butter pushed the wires around at first , then got stuck all over them rather than actually being blended into my dry ingredients . After two solid minutes of attempting to cut in the butter , I decided I could do better with my fingers . I was done in seconds instead of minutes . I will never use this or any other pastry blender again .
 When I received this one , the real scraper looked coarsely designed . Especially the gripe , which is so wide and thick . So I return it.My advice is pls read the info about the product more carefully before you make mind to buy it .
 I was so excited to get this product , I know it does n't take much to get me excited but then I put it in the dishwasher and ugh pulled it out and it is rusted and I ca n't get it off . Not happy in the least , used it twice , will never order another one of these again .
 I purchased a few of these for myself and friends . From the day I got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool , especially since I could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies . One day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot . I wrote to OXO about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me . Anyway , I am now using a KitchenAid product which feels much more sturdy and KitchenAid responds to e-mails IMMEDIATELY .
 I like the fact that the spoon does n't stain that is great , but I never want to use it because the shaft is so flimsy . So I recommend you buy it if you are only going to use for thin sauces . If you need a multi use spoon look somewhere else until they add a backbone to this one .
 the spoon is great but the handle bends like a noodle .
 The red scraper does n't stain , that 's great . It 's heat resistant and wo n't melt or warp , that 's great . The big thick Oxo grip that does n't permit me to turn it easily in my hand to go around the entire pan , not great at all .
 It might work on wooden Cork 's but it does not work on Plastic corks for Champagne . Waste of money !
 I 've had recipe cards in the past that were heavy cardstock . These are n't worth the paper the lines are on . Very thin and not coated like others I have .
 This tool may have some other uses that I do n't know of , but it is just too flimsy for icing cakes with anything other than whipped cream . I think it 's also much too short and narrow for the job , but that 's probably a personal preference .
 The blade is so thin , your just about able to spread soft whipped cream with . Forget frosting or any kind of batter . It 's a complete waste of money
 I bought this for my daughter for icing cakes . We tried it out last weekend and decided I was not happy with the design . I thought a straight edge works better for frosting a cake . I found myself gripping the blade instead of the handle .
 This whisk was highly disappointing . Perhaps I just expected more from OXO but I do n't think it will whisk anything thicker than liquid . I used it the other night to make pudding and it started out find but be the end just could n't hold up to the thickness of the pudding .
 It 's junky - it 's crooked , misshapen , and is n't even capable of standing up to the job . I wish this would n't have been the first to come up - I should have purchased a metal or smaller whisk - this one is huge and flimsy and not worth even five dollars . I plan on buying a new one at a store .
 I did n't think I could use a metal whisk on my Circulon Pots but Customer Service told me that yes I can.Good thing , becuase I bought this whisk and it is weak . Metal chisk works much better .
 I am usually very pleased with Oxo products , but this one is a BIG disappointment . I have not found it to be good for or at anything . Wished I 'd saved the five bucks !
 I just threw mine away because it was too wimpy . The plastic just bends out of the way and you ca n't really whisk properly with it . I replaced it with a silicone coated metal one which works much better .
 I usually like Oxo stuff , but this is an exception . The whisk is too flimsy at the point where the `` wires '' converge on the handle . Therefore , you have to hold the whisk by that part of the wires and not by the handle to keep it from flexing too much . A reinforcing circle of nylon would have solved this problem . I would not buy this again , even at the clearance price . How does something like this make it through engineering and testing ?
 Usually happy with Oxo products but was really disappointed with this whisk . The fact it 's so lightweight makes it flimsy and difficult to use at times . The individual wires popped out after about a month of use . I did n't use it for anything heavy and was n't applying unnecessary force . I was able to put the wires back in but they would randomly pop out again and again . Eventually it just was n't worth the effort . Not sure if it 's from something I did or the dishwasher , but it just was n't as reliable as a strong metal whisk .
 i bought the nylon grips whisk for when i do bakeing but it 's to lightweight for mixing batters it just bends i was kind of disapointed
 This whisk seems fancy and expensive , but my cheap whisks work much better . The problem with this whisk is that it is so flexible . When I try to mix batters , the whisk just bends and does n't adequately mix in the flower . If I whisk quickly , the whisk will bend again and my batters just wo n't mix . The metallic whisks are much better .
 Problematic . Too flimsy to do the real work of a whisk . It can only handle the lightest of ingredients , like eggs ... add flour and you 've got a real mess .
 This item is very disappointing it is so flimsy that it is unusable . Can &#8217; t even beat eggs with it , it bends at each stroke &#8230; Had to buy another one .
 This is the only product that I have ever ordered from Amazon that I have been disappointed with . It is very small -LRB- I looked and looked for a size in the details and could not find one -RRB- and you just move the handle side to side to sift and it takes forever ! Will not use again .
 I 've been slowly gathering a collection of Oxo products that are easier on me . I have fibromyalgia and one of my most painful places is my hands . I wanted to LOVE this sifter , and , while I think its a bit on the small side , I really fell for the covers that could be put on the top and bottom to make the job of multiple siftings much easier . I knew right off that a squeeze type sifter would n't work for me , OUCH ! What I did n't realize was that the repetateive shaking with the Oxo would be just as uncomfortable . A really good concept , making comfortable kitchen tools , but too bad this one really did n't accomplish what I had hoped it would.Good points ? Top and bottom covers , quality construction . Bad points ? Too small , still uncomfortable to use , not made in US .
 I returned this product right away . I wanted a sifter that you could use with one hand . You would do just as well to use a strainer than this product . The design made it useless to me .
 This sifter does n't work very well . Serious design flaws mean I 'll be buying something else to replace it.The first problem is that the thing is pretty small . I noticed that from the description , but did n't realize how small until I got it . Only holds a few cups of flour or whatever - and you ca n't come close to filling to capacity because it works by shaking it around , so stuff would come flying out if too full.Second problem is that the sifting mechanism does n't work . I tried shifting a brown and white sugar combination through it and nothing really went through cause the brown sugar is sticky . With my old rotary sifter , I was able to sift this exact combination -LRB- for pumpkin pie -RRB- very easily . So basically , this is only going to work for nice clean stuff that basically flows through the screen all by itself.I think Amazon is doing a disservice to future buying by featuring such positive reviews on the lead page . Turns out that is n't representative of the actual mix - and my own personal experience is that this product stinks.Summary
 I have been very pleased with other OXO products , but this sifter is a dud . It takes a lot more time and effort to sift flour with this sifter than with a regular sifter . And , it just does n't work at all on some things like corn meal . I 'm throwing mine in the trash .
 This one feels cheap and flimsy . I rarely use it and will probably buy a different style of sifter .
 This sifter is way too slow -- going through just a cup can take over a minute . The shaking mechanism , which I thought would be less tiring than a crank , is just as much if not moreso . Additionally , it does n't do that great a job of sifting even after all that effort . Buy a crank sifter instead .
 This sifter is totally useless . The plastic cover that fits on the bottom so that you can fill the sifter on your counter is too loose and fell off . It is practically impossible to sift flour . While gripping the handle and squeezing to sift there is nothing to hang onto to balance the sifter . You have to balance with your other hand . Perhaps it would work OK with a 1/2 cup of flour but it certainly did not with a larger amount . I gave up and went back to my old sifting method .
 I bought this sifter and washed before I used it . The bottom strainer part came undone , so I pushed it back into place , except it would n't go back in the right spot , so everytime I shook it side to side , it would n't sift , because the metal piece that slides back and forth to sift was n't touching the bottom strainer part anymore . Needless to say , it went back and I got the old fashioned kind with the squeeze handle .
 This is the worst product I have purchased from Amazon . This sifter is ineffective , difficult to use , and messy . I tried it twice ... that was enough . Do n't waste your money . It is far more effective to simply use a wire collander . Back to the old sifter for me .
 I recently took up a cake decorating hobby and found myself sifting a lot of powdered sugar , flour and cake mixes . I had a sifter with a squeeze handle which hurt my wrist after a while and purchased this one thiking it would make sifting much easier.As others have said , the sifting is VERY slow with this sifter . Also , I found that cake mix and powdered suger would get lodged under the blade and would not sift . It actually bent the blade upward , and pushed the mesh screen out.I would n't recommend this sifter . I am going to get an old-fashioned crank one this weekend !
 This sifter looks great but has a strange requirement . You have to shake the sifter back and forth for it to sift the flour instead of the normal -LRB- at least as far as I 'm used to -RRB- trigger action found on most sifters . This works but is a little bit laborious and messy . It comes with plastic lids for both ends of the sifter which seem superfluous . It could do without the lids and with a lower price .
 Most of the Good Grips line is great . There are only 2-3 items I have ever gotten that I did n't lover right away . I must say that this is one of the few bad items Good Grips makes.First off , it is slow and by slow I mean S-L-O-W . Do n't expect this to sift more then a cup every 2 min . It is amazing that something this basic could be messed up.The second major problem is how messy the swing action is . The sifter works by the handle and main sifter body working on a hinge . When you shake the handle the body moves at a different pace . It is a good concept it just does n't work well . What little comes out has the added benefit of being thrown all over the place . It is hard to control just where the sifted goods go . I have to use my biggest mixing bowl ... a foot and a half wide just to keep the sifted stuff in one place.The reason I am giving this product a 2 is because it is great a two things . Think of it as a baker 's tool and less as a sifter . This product is great at working with dustings . If you ever just wanted to do a light powdered sugar coating on something this may be the tool for your because the sift is slow . The second good use is for putting flour down on the counter top to kneed bread . It sifts over a large area so it is quick at making a light dust over a large area.So . . it is ok at best as a sifter and has limited use outside of that .
 I used my new sifter yesterday for the first time . What a disappointment ! It was extremely slow to sift 12/3 cup of flour , taking about 4 minutes . The side to side , shaking motion was tiring , so much so that I had to move the sifter to the other hand . I was surprised at that as I think I have strong hands and wrists , typing a lot and being a keyboard musician.I quickly ran downstairs to the trash and retrieved my old , reliable and fast crank-style sifter . I 'll try the new one again but suspect it will end up in a garage sale !!
 I think you are supposed to hold the container and wobble the handle to sift . This was very awkward for me and I only used this item once . The build quality is also cheaper than many other Oxo items I own and the design is terrible . I would avoid this item and pick a different sifter .
 We were really disappointed in this product . In the past , this brand has put forth some great products , but this one really falls short . We have ended up having to use heavy household tape to keep the top lid on , which still does n't keep it airtight and the contents fresh . The sifting is `` awkward '' according to my husband . Again , I would not repurchase but I will still keep trying other items by this brand , because in the past I have been impressed with the brand . oxo
 Bought this one , sight unseen . Too bad . I 'm generally pleased with other products by this manufacturer . Stick with the design your grandma had , the one with the squeeze trigger grip . This sifter requires shaking the cup side to side . I find that it takes longer and is a less pleasant experience than the traditional sifter . Avoid .
 I bake a lot , and while I skip sifting on some recipes , many really need it . I have always used crank sifters ... they 're easy and do what they 're supposed to . No problems . But they eventually rust and need to be thrown out , so I came on amazon looking for a stainless sifter.I was seduced by the Oxo name ... I have many Oxo products that I love . I -LRB- stupidly -RRB- did n't pay attention to the sifting mechanism - I just cared that it was n't a `` trigger '' style . I -LRB- stupidly -RRB- discounted the complaints people have about how long it takes to sift ... . I thought they were exaggerating.So , I stupidly bought this stupid sifter . Do n't be stupid like me!First
 If you are sifting a small amount and a fine powder , it is ok . But , to sift 2 c flour it takes forever . And do n't ever try to sift brown sugar , it gunks-up . Also , the handle keeps coming-off of the sifter mechanism . Do n't waste your money or time .
 Its a new game
 I bought this item and tried several different powdered products in it and after 5 min of shaking , there was very little actually went through the sifter . I went to an antique mall and found an old fashion crank sifter and it works amazing and it was only $ 5 . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 OXO products are known for innovative design . I have the can opener , the peeler , etc. and love them , but this sifter does not work . I do n't mean that it works poorly ; I mean that it does n't work at all . The flour gets under the agitator and clogs the screen after a few shakes . I ca n't believe they did n't test it .
 I like OXO products for the most part , but this sifter , is more work than it should be , takes forever to sift even a 1 cup of flour , and leaves your hand/fingers numb . I was not pleased with this product . Helen in Maine
 My forty year old tin sifter just stopped working one day . Ca n't believe how sad I was over a sifter . I immediately searched Amazon and found this one . I loved that it was stainless steel , had a top and bottom cover , and that it was made by Oxo . I never had a problem with an Oxo product before and bought this based upon the Oxo name.It really was totally useless to me . I attempted to sift one cup of powdered sugar and after a few minutes of shaking it back and forth , even checking to be sure I had removed the bottom cap , only about 2 tablespoons of sugar had been sifted . I took the handle of a wooden spoon to see if stirring would help . It managed to eek out another tablespoon or so . Since I had another three cups of sugar to sift , I used a regular strainer with a handle and my mission was accomplished . The sugar just seemed to clog up under the bottom mechanism and did n't budge . Baking should be fun , not frustrating.I have been a regular Amazon customer and this was my first return . No one enjoys wasting money , but that 's what this product is .
 I have had this sifter for a few years now ... used infrequently . Now , it needs to be replaced . It worked great , at first , but over time , the mesh gets distorted and the surfaces no longer touch and hence the flour does not get pushed through . I 've resorted to using a knife or other utensil to help , but it is virtually impossible . Good in theory , not in practice .
 I have never written an online review for a product before , but I am so annoyed by this dumb sifter that I just had to . I am not a `` speed '' baker of any sort , but I have four kids and do like to make birthday cakes , muffins , cookies , etc. . My old sifter was so old it was getting flecks of rust into the flour , so I started looking for a new one . I chose this one after reading all the online reviews , and even though I saw that a few people found it slow , I was not prepared for how slow it really is ! I just sifted 3 + cups of confectioner 's sugar for cake frosting and it took over five minutes . As another reviewer said , in order to make it go faster I shook more vigorously and then had to keep changing hands because they got tired . -LRB- I have never ever been tired out from BAKING before , fer ' pete 's sake !!! -RRB- I 'm not convinced that the people who designed this product have ever actually USED a sifter . I 'm stuck with the thing now , I suppose , so I 'll learn to just go slower . But it is literally about one tenth the speed of my old sifter - which was just your typical grocery store thing with a crank on one side . The one thing I really like is the caps for both ends - an innovation I 'm surprised nobody else has come up with . But that does n't redeem the product for me . In fact , if I can put my hands on another one of those old-fashioned ones -LRB- at a thrift store , maybe -RRB- I 'll snap it up and put this new one in the Goodwill bin .
 OXO usually makes great things , this sifter does the job , but if you 're making something large be prepared to be there awhile . It 's very slow and after awhile your arm will start to tire . I would not recommend this sifter , just too slow for even making a small batch of cookies .
 This brush is the perfect size for brushing sugar cookies with colored frosting , HOWEVER , the hairs in the brush come out after the first couple of uses so that every time you frost a cookie , you are also picking out fibers . Next time , I 'll just buy a silicon brush .
 I purchased this Weems & Plath Endurance Collection 085 Comfortmeter in April , as a gift for my mother . I think I spent $ 99 for just this item , about $ 300 for the set . For this astounding price , I was expecting an heirloom-quality , European-manufactured , quality item . My mother called today to say that the clock was n't working . After inspecting the clock , and finding out that it was made in China , I looked at the other pieces and found out that they too are made-in-China movements .
 This is a nice piece , but definately NOT worth the money ! It is NOT made of solid wood . Plus , full assembly is required and is time consuming .
 This is an adequate ladle , but my husband cut himself quite badly while washing it . Be careful ! The edges sliced his hand .
 I ordered this organizer with the purpose of placing my containers of jewelry beads , wire , etc. to take with me on vacation . Of course I needed most of my things to create pieces of jewelry . The container wobbles when you tilt it back to pull it along on it 's wheels . When you set it upright you think the bottom solid pieces that it rest on are going to break . I guess this would be okay for lighter items , but if someone was buying it for scrapbooking I think they would have the same problem .
 I am a huge fan of Oxo . Their products are typically very thoughtfully engineered , however , this one is a failure . The rubber handle is too thick and bulky to hold comfortably , and there is not enough flex in the blade to assist with proper flipping . The edge of the blade is too dull and thick to get under thin items like fried eggs or crepes . Sadly , we had to return this . Luckily , we discovered this gemLamsonSharp 3 '' x 5 '' TurnerIt lacks the beauty of an Oxo , but its brilliant design and functionality counteracts this flaw .
 It seemed ok until I put it in the dish washer . The first time I washed it , it came out with a huge rusted area right in the center . That tells me this is very low quality stainless steel . Will not be buying any more oxo stainless utensils .
 Usually OXO produces well designed items that have you thinking `` They * really * thought about how this thing was going to be used -LRB- and abused -RRB- ! '' Unfortunately the other reviewers are spot on -- very bendy handles . It 's a shame , but you should pass on these .
 I really like OXO products . I have a number of their utensils in my kitchen and I enjoy that they have nice big handles . Since I started getting gadgets for my kitchen I always wanted these measuring cups . Well I finally got them . I was very excited to use them for the first time . Well I went to scoop some brown sugar and the handle started bending . I was very disappointed in how flimsy the handles are . I think I 'll stick to my plastic ones from OXO , I had better luck with them .
 Yes , the handles are surprisingly bendy . It is true that they do n't bend as much if you hold them down by the cup instead of the end of the handle , but on the other hand , what is the point of getting `` Good Grips '' if you ca n't hold it by the grippy part?Also , the 1 cup is just that tiny bit too wide to fit comfortably in my kitchen drawer . Those of you who do n't live in apartments , or who have kitchens less than 20 years old or so probably wo n't have this problem , however.I got these as a second set of measuring cups , because in some recipes you just do n't want to stop in the middle to wash up . I thought I would n't care that it did n't have the 2/3 and 3/4 cups in it . I was wrong . If you 're thinking the same , think carefully .
 I 'm usually a big fan of OXO products . However , the necks are not strong enough to support the cups and they end up bending easily , particularly when you are using them to scoop something . Unfortunately , this problems has been noted by reviewers for several years and OXO continues to ignore these complaints . I 've had mine for several years and was very pleased to replace them with AMCO brand measuring cups that are well made and well supported -LRB- purchased at Amazon -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on these ... you 'll be disappointed .
 We bought these measuring cups to match our stainless steel and black kitchen in addition to our liking of OXO products . We have n't had a chance to use them enough to test the strength of the handles , but after 1 washing the metal cup rusted . I am not interested in cooking with rusty products . These are going back to Bed , Bath , and Beyond for store credit !
 I have always liked Oxo , so am surprised by this product . I received these as a gift to replace some 20 + year old measuring cups , because my husband thought they look so sturdy -LRB- they do -RRB- . but they bend EVERY time I use them , for sugar , flour , everything !! And they really are too big to fit in the drawer , which is silly because there is no reason for the handles to be THAT bulky ... since they are n't strong anyway . I think they bend so easily because the handles are so long , making the force on the cup higher , but as someone said , if you cant use the handles , what 's the point . I hate to replace new -LRB- expensive -RRB- items , but I use them every day and am not happy .
 I love their products and granted I am the first to admit I am not a cook but I think scooping out flour from the bag with the one cup measuring cup should n't bend the handle . Plastic cups can handle it , I would have thought metal would do it too .
 The OXO plastic are much sturdier for scooping grains.The handles on these are flimsy and easily bend.I have owned these for 5 years and they mostly stay in the drawer .
 As previous reviewers have already noted , the handles are not strong enough and they bend easily when scooping out brown sugar or even flour . While you can bend them back , it 's still an annoyance and makes these unacceptable . The basic idea is great , since there are times when you need measuring cups that will scoop -LRB- unlike glass Pyrex measuring cups that are better for ingredients that you pour -RRB- . However , since these do not really do the job , look elswhere . All Clad and MIU France -LRB- made in China , in spite of the name -RRB- make similar measuring cups and they receive positive reviews .
 I have other Oxo items that I like very much , but these Stainless Steel Measuring Cups are a big disappointment . I also experienced the handle bending easily when packing in brown sugar . They will be in my next yard sale .
 I tried to review these at Macy 's where I bought them from after following a link here but they do n't allow bad reviews on their site . If it 's bad - they time you out and wo n't let it post . Since I started here I 'll review here . I did n't get a chance to check the handle issue . I checked them for accuracy because the 1 cup just did n't look quite right . I was correct . It is off in measure nearly 1/8 of a cup ! I checked it against Pyrex , Pampered Chef and another OXO measuring cup . All measured true to each other but were way short of 1 cup when dumping from this cup into them . I measured liquid and I measured dry to check it out . Sorry guys - these are heading back to the store immediately .
 I got these thinking they would be well made like some of the OXO utensils I have received and used extensively . But , I was completely disappointed with these . After just 2 months rust was starting to show on the edge and the handles would bend under the lightest amount of pressure when scooping out flour or sugar . Do n't waste your money on these pretty but cheap measuring cups .
 I bought these on a whim at Target , and figured I could n't go wrong with stainless steel and Oxo ... I should have done my research 1st . The handles bend fairly easily -- like when I was scooping a cup of flour out of its bag -- and the colored numbering on one of my cups has smeared and worn off ! Very strange , I 've only handwashed them so far . If these were under $ 10 I 'd give them more stars , but for $ 20 definitely not worth it .
 It took one swift `` whack '' by my toddler and the cup was flying off the handle . I 'm tossing these and I 'm sorry I 've ever bought from OXO , with all the problems I 've had .
 I have owned a few OXO brand utensils over the past few years , and in general I have been happy with them . But I was disappointed with this spatula when the edge of the head melted the very first time it was used . The product description does warn you that it 's only heat resistant to 250 degrees , but I was flipping eggs in a skillet , which I consider a basic use for a spatula . If it ca n't handle the heat of a hot skillet , than I do n't think it 's a useful spatula . Not to mention that it 's neither healty nor esthetically pleasing to have bits of black plastic in your food !
 I 'm in agreement with the other reviewers . The edge of this spatula has melted and I can remove the excess with my thumbnail . Yuck ! This spatula was actually a free replacement for an older one that had done the same thing . -LRB- Oxo is very good about standing behind their products . -RRB- However , it is odd that they sent me something with the same innate flaw . I should have been told that ALL nylon spatulas will melt ! They should discontinue making them or specify to be used ONLY where NO HEAT is involved . But what tasks would that include ?
 I see now that it 's rated to 250 degrees , though that 's not written on the package . The first time I used it , the handle got a little too close to the flame of my stove and the end melted . It was still serviceable , so I was more careful the next time , but apparently the cooking temperature of an omelette in a pan is higher than 250 degrees and the entire leading edge melted to my omelette and my non-stick pan , half-ruining my very expensive All-Clad pan , entirely ruining my omelette and of course the OXO Good Grip Turner . It may have a good grip , but it 's not good for much else .
 The writing on the spoons quickly wore off . I can not verify that I am , in fact , using the teaspoon , tablespoon , or any other spoon .
 I know the u.s. , Liberia and Myanmar are the only countries in the world that do n't use the metric system ... so do you think writing the metric conversion on these MAY be a reasonable idea OXO ? Since these are sold internationally , that may be a plan .
 In just a short time , even by only hand washing , expect all the labels to be barely readable . It 's just not worth it . I got an all metal set with etched in numbers and it has worked beautifully with no wear . These plastic ones were allocated to my son 's play kitchen .
 I 've had these for a number of years and I have n't had the problems that others have had with the labels wearing away , but I found that I preferred using theEndurance Spice Measuring Spoons by RSVPfor a number of reasons.First , the RSVP spoons are stainless steel . I prefer not to use plastic with food whenever possible , especially now that I 've learned more about the dangers of plasticides leeching into food products . And although leeching normally only occurs when the object is subject to very hot food/liquids , I can be sure that when putting my stainless steel measuring cups into the hottest cycle of the dishwasher , no chemicals will be liable to future leeching . But the main reason why I prefer the RSVP spoons is the shape . They 're long and narrow instead of round and wide ; this way , they fit perfectly into the little spice jars that you buy at the supermarket . With the Oxo spoons , I have to invert the spice jar and hope that not too much pours into the spoon.Finally , I found that the triangular `` ring '' that holds all the spoons together is flimsy and useless . I lost it immediately . The chain that holds the RSVP spoons together works perfectly and keeps all the spoons from floating in different directions in my utensil drawer .
 I thought I would add an observation seemingly not made by others
 The good
 I 've had these measuring spoons for a couple of years now . The size labels have worn away on the spoons used most often . At first I thought it was because I put them in the dishwasher . However , another has disappeared even though I 'm now washing them by hand . The spoons are also rather wide , making them difficult to fit into spice jars . Overall , I 'm disappointed in the set .
 I know it 's an inexpensive item , but when the labels wear off they become useless -LRB- well , I still use them based on memory and their relative sizes -RRB-
 I really do like the size increments these come in . Not all sets contain a 1/2 TBSP option , and I really prefer to have one . They also look nice , initially . After a while , as others have mentioned , the labels wear off . The 1/2 tsp also started to fall apart in the dishwasher . I 've had these for a couple of years and guess I need to replace them . I prefer to be able to glance quickly at my spoons and grab the one I need . I did n't mind the size , actually . Most of the spices I buy have removable plastic lids and the spoons fit into the jars fine . I 'm guessing from the other reviews that other spice brands must not be this way .
 Love the spoons themselves , and they have held up over the past 2 years I 've had them ... . I LOVE oxo stuff ... . But unfortunately , this is my second set to have the labels rub off . I have to guess which is which now . I do n't own a dishwasher , so I ca n't blame it on the type of dishwashing . I 'd go for something else .
 I generally like OXO products for a number of reasons -- ease of use , solid construction , and ease of care . These measuring spoons are generally easy to use , although the depth of the spoon bowl and the shape make it a bit difficult to get some viscous liquids out without the use of a narrow silicone spatula . My steel measuring spoons work better for this purpose.I also find that spices like cinnamon and finely ground ginger tend to cling to the plastic much more than other measuring spoons . There is a lot of thickness to the spoons , probably for sturdiness , but sometimes they do n't fit well into spice containers . They take up much more space than my steel spoons that fit inside each other , as well.Good traits -- I like how tough they are . I also like the plastic ring -LRB- although they 're tough to remove from the ring with one hand -RRB- . So , overall , I was disappointed by these spoons and tried them several times to make sure that my results were n't just flukes , in terms of usage . I 'd definitely advise purchasing a good set of stainless steel measuring spoons instead . These are the ones I use : Cuisipro Stainless Steel Measuring Spoon Set .
 Not only did the measurement marks wear off , but they wore off ONTO MY SKIN . I 've owned these for under a year ! I understand fading after dishwasher cycles -- it 's the downside of plastic measuring tools . But I do n't want this paint in my FOOD or even on my skin ! I 've written to the company -- but do n't buy these .
 I received these measuring spoons as a wedding present , and liked them for the bright dots that showed the measurement . Unfortunately , those bright dots wore away very quickly and I found the spoons to be bulky and the hanger to be awkward . I have small kitchen drawers , and these measuring spoons never lay smoothly in the drawer and often keep my drawer from closing or keep it from opening . Overall , I would suggest a set that nestles more closely unless you plan to hang them somewhere . Of course , the spoons work fine , but they are certainly not the best I have ever used .
 They work , but not once the labels wash off and they do wash off pretty easily .
 My husband and I received these as an unsolicited wedding gift . I 'm pretty particular about my cooking utensils , but I figured , hey , they 're measuring spoons -- what can go wrong ? Well , plenty , as it turns out :1 . The measurement labels wore off within a year . Some of the measurements are pretty obvious -LRB- tablespoon , 1/8 teaspoon -RRB- , but for the spoons that are closer together in size , it can be kind of hard to hazard a guess .2 . They 're bulky . They do n't lay nicely in a drawer or fit through the necks of narrow containers .3 . They 're not long enough to reach the bottoms of taller containers .4 . Why bother with the cheesy plastic ring ? It never stays clasped , anyway . I just threw it away .5 . The plastic does n't wash up nicely when switching between wet and dry ingredients . Oils , for example , are quite a pain to get off the surface of the spoon .6 . They 're WAY overpriced for what they are . Just because it 's Oxo does n't mean it 's quality.As soon as I get myself a decent stainless set , these are going right into the trash where they belong .
 Oxo has designed many nice things , and their customer service is first-rate ... a rarity these days . Having said that , they have had a few misses , and this is one of them.Who would think a set of measuring spoons could evoke much of a reaction ? Certainly not I , but ... I 've had a set of Tupperware measuring spoons for over 20 years that I consider to be the benchmark for measuring spoon design . If you search ebay for `` Tupperware measuring spoons '' and scroll down to find a set of seven rectangular spoons on a triangular shaped ring -LRB- in burnt orange -RRB- you will see what I have . Ever since I received these as a gift nothing else compares . The fit snugly on the ring , nest tightly , and hang properly.I thought this Oxo set was similarly designed and would be a nice extra set . I was wrong.What I like : - The spoons can be detached from their ring . This is a must for me . I 've gotten so used to this feature I ca n't use a set where all the spoons are on a ring so they ca n't be separated . - The design of the attachment to the ring feels sturdy . The spoons will stay attached until needed . - The selection of sizes . The 1/8 and 1/4 tsp sizes are surprisingly useful.What I Do n't : - First and foremost , the attachment ring . I hang my measuring spoons from a hook under my cabinets for easy grabbing . The oval/rectangular shape of the ring causes the ring to hang `` the long way '' from the hook . This means the spoons settle at the narrow end of the ring and do n't stay nested . They splay all out when hung up and the bulky spoon design exacerbates this problem . If they had a triangular ring similar to my Tupperware set , so they hung better , I could live with the other faults . As dumb as this seems , this a deal breaker for me . - The thick , half-round handles feel clumsy and bulky to me . Because they are rounded on the bottom , they do n't feel as stable as flat-handled spoons . This shape also means the spoons do n't nest as completely as most sets . This could be a disadvantage if you store them in a drawer . - I would prefer molded markings so when the painted on markings wear off the spoons are still usable.I have a small kitchen with limited hanging space and limited drawer space . The ring design means the spoons take up too much space when hung up . The bulky design that does n't nest completely means they take up too much drawer space . I do n't say this very often , but I would recommend a friend not buy this set .
 We are trying to rid our lives of all plastic , whether BPA-free or not , but bought these well before that change . They seem kind of cheap , but do function ok , which is why I gave them two stars instead of one.THE LABELS WEAR OFF EVEN AFTER A FEW GENTLE HAND WASHINGS . I never sent them through the dishwasher , and was careful not to scrub the size labels at all , to no avail.I would spend 5 more dollars and get some stainless steel ones . In fact , try to convert all your kitchenware into Pyrex glass , stainless steel , and bamboo . You wo n't regret the quality or the health benefits .
 I 've never so much as put these in the dishwasher - the labels came right off with the soft side of a spoon , I 've never seen anything like it . I 've re - labeled but , I mean , come on .
 Very poor quality control!Labels wore off after a few uses !!! The label should have been molded into the plastic .
 These are just OK measuring spoons , although I 'm not an avid baker -LRB- maybe 4 times a year I make cookies -RRB- and the colored material that identified the measurements wore off after 2 years time -LRB- 8 washes ! -RRB- . Definitely not for the avid baker/chef . The ring that held them together did not really work for me , because if I used one spoon and it got dirty , I 'd have to take it off the ring as to not make a mess when attempting to use a different spoon . It seems functional , but is not practical.Otherwise , I found that the measurements of the spoons themselves were accurate.I would recommend something in stainless steel or plastic that is molded with the measurements .
 The nice thing about these spoons is they include 1/8 teaspoon measures and 1/2 tablespoon measures , which are very useful . I give them one star because the stupid triangle they are strung on comes apart EVERY SINGLE TIME I USE THEM , and then they all fall off . I am going to have to give them away and buy something different , because I am so tired of having spoons fall everywhere when I am measuring something . Plus the triangle shape is awkward and inconvenient .
 Like others have said , the labels come off . I do n't mean they wear off after time and many uses , they literally can be rubbed right off by sliding your finger over the label.Normally , OXO 's stuff is great , but these are terrible quality .
 This knife is actually pretty dull . The tip of it broke off within a couple weeks of receiving it . Seems to be of very poor quality , I expected more from KitchenAid .
 The front edge of this turner is too thick to slide easily under tortillas or pancakes . And the curve makes it almost impossible to spread a thin slick of oil across my skillet . Next time I 'll buy a cheap , thin one from the dollar store , and be sure it has a straight front edge .
 It 's a great shape and fits my non-stick 14-inch wok perfectly . Nice long handle with a comfortable grip and it 's very stiff . I 'm not sure what these other reviewers are trying to stir-fry that is so heavy that it bends the handle . Lead pellets , perhaps . But unfortunately I did n't read the fine print until afterward - it is only heat resistant to 250 degrees , which is ice cold for a wok . -LRB- Actually , it 's cold for just about anything ; I mean , you make pancakes at 350 ! -RRB- Woks are supposed to used be over the highest heat your stove can produce . Ideally , for true traditional wok cooking , you 'd want something even hotter , like a charcoal grill or an outdoor turkey-fryer burner . In my case I 'm settling for an electric stove on high for every-day cooking , which is n't great but will do . But even then , this turner will melt in no time flat . It melted a little of the edge on the first use , and then a lot on the second use . It 's going in the trash . Guess I 'll try silicone or bamboo next , or maybe even metal and just act really gentle with it , I do n't know . But this will just not do .
 this turner melted in less than 5 seconds in a medium heated wok -- i had to throw out my meal and reseason my wok -- i can not rate it low enough-it should be zero stars or in the negitive numbers
 If someone could please tell what this is useful for , I 'd be grateful . It does n't even deserve one star .
 This utensil is too long , thick and bulky . The tines are too thick to adequately grab thinner foods such as bacon . Disappointing .
 The fork is probably great for what it is but the tines are very thick and not very sharp . I will be keeping but wo n't purchase again
 While this bench really DOES look nice , it is a bit flimsy . The legs are wobbly , if you sit on the bench .
 Although I do believe that the price was fair , I certainly do n't think it was a 200 + dollar bench as it was stated to be . The quality is too poor for that . It 's flimsy , made of very thin plywood . Definately would n't let a larger person sit on it , I would be afraid it would break .
 I normally like Oxo products but this one is unwieldy even when I 'm cooking a pound or two of spaghetti in a big pot . It 's hard to describe why ; it just feels bulky and awkward . Also , we store utensils like this vertically and its fat handle takes up too much space . Every time I use it or put it away , I regret having lost my normal-sized spaghetti spoon .
 I am aware of the difference between the Dept 56 reindeers which were produced prior to 2006 and the new Patience Brewsters reindeers which are being produced NOW . I specifically ordered these from you because you stated they were Dept 56 and I am trying to complete my set of DEPT 56 Krinkles Reindeers . Your advertising is very misleading and I was disappointed to receive the newly distributed reindeers . There are slight differences other than the boxes and I am trying to complete an ORIGINAL DEPT 56 COLLECTION ... that is why I purchased these from you . I expect that you will correct this situation so that I do n't have to contact Amazon and point out your misleading advertising ... as there is a difference !! I look forward to a quick resolution .
 I ended up sending this item back . It was much to big for my use . In fact it was big enough that it would not fit in any of my kitchen drawers .
 This is awkward . It is sturdy and easy to grip , like all OXO products , but it does n't fit into a utensil pitcher well . It is hard to get out of drawers because of the size and the shape of the handle . I rarely use it and that surprised me because normally I 'm a pretty big fan of this company 's products .
 I was looking specifically for a ladle with a deep well . This one is advertised as having a 4 inch well . It does not . The well is actually less than 2 inches . I will be able to use the ladle , but not for its intended use . If the manufacturer is unfamiliar with an aspect of the product , then they should not describe that aspect . If they are familiar with it , they should not post incorrect information .
 This masher looks great , is -LRB- so far -RRB- sturdy , but is difficult to clean .
 My wife is a huge mash potato fan , so I thought I would purchase this product for her . Day 1 , while she was mashing with family in town , it snapped at the base . Later , after complaining to my fellow ` Oxo ' users , they all said the same thing ... `` it happened to me to '' & `` get the metal base '' . I guess we got about a dollar a minute out of it -LRB- basically $ 5 of a product -RRB- . So ... in conclusion , pay the extra few bucks and get a more durable product .
 The only redeeming thing about this product is its comfortable handle . We bought nylon since our last metal masher had to be tossed due to rusting . We spend more time getting the potato out of the narrow masher segments than we spend mashing . It is very frustrating . Stick with the wider segments . We have since replaced it with another metal one with wider spaces - an Oxo one with a comfortable handle . I will give 5 stars to Oxo 's customer service . I contacted them about my disappointment and they are giving me a replacement product of equal value .
 I am usually a big fan of OXO , and this gadget does turn out decent mashed potatoes and guacamole , but it is hard to clean unless you IMMEDIATELY put it in water to soak after you use it . The bars are too high and too close together , and if it does not soak , the potatoes or avocados will make a crusty hard film that is really hard to get off - even a spin in the dishwasher does n't really help . It 's also really bulky - if I could do it again , I would choose a different potato masher .
 I purchased this because I did n't have a potato masher , but I find that it 's too lightweight to do the job . The plastic skids off of my vegetables constantly and barely mashes them at all . Am tossing this one in the garbage and buying a metal one . I suppose it 'll work fine if your vegetables are super smushy already , but otherwise , skip this .
 I am the happy owner of a Kitchenaid stand mixer and food processor -LRB- they work perfectly -RRB- . I bought this item based on my usual terrific experience with Kitchenaid - WRONG . Though its clean-up is a breeze -LRB- its dishwasher safe -RRB- , its use is frustrating because all the coffee grounds leak out of the grinder . Clearly the great engineering design that went into their other products was not used here . However , I have discovered that a small amount of plastic cling-wrap placed on the grinder BEFORE the clear plastic cover goes on works wonders and prevents any spills from forming . Also , I do not overfill the grinder past the max . fill line in the cup , which , based on my Kitchenaid experience and its reputation , means it should not overflow .
 I bought this machine a couple of years ago due to the great reputation of KitchenAid products , -LRB- I own 3 others -RRB- however , this grinder is mediocre when it comes to performance . First of all , every batch I put in , large or small load , is very unevenly ground . Powder at the bottom and large mostly whole pieces at the top . It does n't seem to matter how long or short a time I pulse it . Also , the fine powdery grains fly up and under the the edge of the lid making a mess all over the base and the countertop while the machine is running . Either the lid is poorly designed or just a bad fit . And , I do n't reccommend it for use on spices , what a mess . I have since purchased a different brand of grinder put out by the Food Network . It works great ! Very evenly grinds everything you put into it . And the lid covering the grinding chamber is screwed on so no more leaky mess . I love all of my other KitchenAid appliances but this one is a big disappointment .
 This product is not up to snuff by Kitchen Aid standards . The coffee grinder does not adequately grind coffee . It grinds some beans to a fine powder , while leaving other beans untouched . You ca n't get the grind inbetween , for a French press . In fact , you ca n't get any size you want uniformly . I usually put in about one inch of beans to grind enough for myself and my husband in the morning . It 's disappointing .
 I 'm really surprised at the ratings this thing has gotten . Maybe I was just REALLY unlucky . But I had this grinder on my wish list at Christmas and somehow ended up with two . Bummer , I thought , but put one in the closet thinking I 'd sell it eventually . Well , within three months the first one stopped working . You would push down on the lid and nothing happened . We took it apart and cleaned every nook and cranny , but could n't identify the problem . So I pulled out the spare from the closet and within two months that one stopped working ! Again , maybe it 's just our bad luck , but given that both broke , I would never recommend buying one.I should also add that I was n't a big fan of the way it worked -LRB- when it did work -RRB- . Like others have said , you would end up with uneven grounds - some fine and other entire beans or huge chunks . And unlike other grinders where you could tap it upside down on the counter and then flip it over without any mess , this one always seemed to result in grounds on the kitchen counter . I had to use it on a kitchen towel and shake the mess into the trash .
 I have three other Kitchenaid appliances ... a stand mixer , a food processor , and a stick blender . I purchased this because I had high expectations from the Kitchenaid brand name . I intended to use it to grind spices . Although it does grind very well , it makes a small mess . I ground cinnamon sticks into a medium fine powder . Some of the powder escaped through a gap between the lid and the base , coating the grinder and the counter . The good news is all this can easily be cleaned up . The bowl disconnects from the base so you can wash it . I cleaned the dust off the base with a pastry brush . Bottom line , this will do the job , but there are probably other units that will do it better -LRB- or cleaner -RRB- .
 I had high expectations for this grinder , but wow what a hunk of junk . It literally stopped working on day 2 . Buyer beware !
 What were they thinking ? Most kitchenaid products are attractive , well designed , and work in just the way you want . Although this one does a reasonable job of grinding -LRB- how hard can it be ? -RRB- , it creates such a mess that you will wish you had n't because the cap does n't fit tight . Even the most careful grinding spreads powder everywhere , especially in the hard-to-reach places of this device . The only reason for the second star is that you can remove the bowl -LRB- fortunate , given the mess it creates -RRB- . Give this loser a pass .
 Pretty much what everyone else who gave it a 1 star review said
 My wife must have nearly one of every red Kitchen Aid products . All function will and are built to last . But the only one to make a bigger mess on my counter is the stand mixer when it has too much flour and is run on high . I grind 1/4c . beans and it escapes either during the grind if I do n't have the lid fully pressed or when I release the lid . This beauty is built to last and does look good on the counter . My last Starbucks grinder failed because of a frayed cord -LRB- from wrappping around the cylinder -RRB- . The Kitchen Aid grinder has a high quality cord like my Porter Cable tools . Unfortunately it will last forever . Messy , messy , messy .
 The lid has been designed with a major flaw such that a small ground of coffee stuck in a lid crevice stops the grinder from operating . You must use a tooth pick or other tool to clean out the groove after every grinding . Also after 2 uses , the motor smoked and burnt out . It is a real `` lemon . ''
 Got this today and reviewer who said `` coffee grinds all over counter '' is correct . Even under the first line for fill guidelines ; less than 4 cups ; I had grinds on the counter and on the side of the unit . Also , removable bowl is not very easy to remove ; and requires tweaking to re seat . Very poor design ; sorry kitchen aid ; do n't want to clean my counter and grinder every time I use it . This unit going back .
 I own a number of KitchenAid appliances , and have been happy with all except this one . The unit is noisy , to begin with . More importantly , it makes a mess because of the way the cover fits over the outside of the unit -LRB- rather than recessed as in some better designed models -RRB- . Inevitably ground coffee ends up on the counter . Get the Krups grinder instead -- it 's smaller , quieter , and cleaner .
 At first I thought , wow , this grinder looks so cool , how could I go wrong ? Well , it turns out that coffee grinds accumulate at the top of the lid and spill out onto the counter when the top is lifted . I am sick of cleaning my countertops every time I want a cup of Joe . It also does n't play region 2 DVDs . See kitchenaid red toaster .
 I used this product one and only time within - four hours of its arrival - to grind cardamom seeds . The chamber was filled of half of its capacity.The grind was uneven -LRB- more than 60 % not ground -RRB- , coarse and the grinder started smelling and smoking . The stainless steel chamber was hot to touch and on the fifth hour I requested to return it . Definitely not worth the price and hype . . I have had $ 10 worth grinder last for 10 years after each day of use for various spices.I am still looking for a good product
 This disappointing grinder leaves dozens of whole beans untouched . This morning , when I ground coffee for my 4-cup French press , I lost a tablespoon of whole beans -- from PEET 's Coffee . For people who treasure their coffee beans -LRB- not to mention the people who picked them -RRB- this is a waste . My brother tells me to shake the thing as it is grinding , but it still misses this much . Go with the Capresso instead . I expected more from Kitchen Aid . .
 I bought this because KitchenAid ususally has wonderful applainces . I would not trade my food processor or stand mixer or dishwasher for that matter for anything . This grinder however is horrible . It is messy with inevitable cleanup of the counter necessary after every grind . i finally bought a new one of a different brand and made the kitchenaid my spice grinder but it could not grind smaller quantities of spices and still made a huge mess putting spice dust everywhere as the seal on the lid is not perfect and it has a wierd static effect where everything clings to the side . I would not reccommend this at all . It did however do a decent job of evenly grinding the coffee i put into it which is why i gave it two stars .
 Grinds coffee beans beautifully . But the mess it makes is not worth it ... especially given the price . When you take the cover off after grinding , chaff from the beans flies everywhere and sticks to the Bowl and Base due to static . I learned to remove the cover over the sink and had to wipe down all the parts each time I used it . Not worth the aggravation , I kissed good-bye my $ 29.99 + and tossed it .
 I was truly dissappointed with this grinder . Grounds are ALWAYS getting packed down in teh area under the blade and have to be scraped out every day . The basin is hard to remove from the base . Easy to clean and looks nice on the counter , but a pain to use .
 Like most Kitchen Aid products , this grinder is very sturdy and seems like it would hold up to commercial use . That being said , it produces a very uneven grind . The consistency ranges from a fine dust to WHOLE BEANS THAT HAVE N'T EVEN BEEN TOUCHED BY THE BLADE all in the same batch of coffee . I 'm normally a big fan a Kitchen Aid , but the cheaper Braun model I used to own was far superior to this grinder .
 We are disappointed in this grinder . The plastic cover has a ridge around the top that the coffee gets stuck in . This prevents the grinder from working until you clean out the ridge.It 's just a hassle .
 My brand new Kitchen Aide broke this morning making it 's first cup of coffee . It started just fine and then stopped grinding . I have nothing but coffee beans and no way to grind them . No coffee this morning for me . Very frustrating . I just started using Amazon last week but will avoid them from now on .
 Ok . So you 've read the other reviews , and obviously , the main feeling is that this is a great grinder . I may be unlucky or something , but I wrote to KitchenAid after my original one of these spat grounds -LRB- I was pressing directly down , firmly , on the top -RRB- all over my countertop , and those that did n't get spat out were stuck to the inside . They , being KitchenAid , promptly sent me a new one with a return shipping label for the old one , no questions asked . The new one , however , is not much better . It still spits grounds -LRB- although , admittedly , less -RRB- , and they still stick . One note
 This bed is so hard ! My husband likes it because he likes a firm mattress but for me it feels like sleeping on a bed of rocks ! I did read the reviews prior to purchasing and some of them did say it was firm but would soften over time . It has n't softened . My only relief is to put a down comforter on the top and sleep on that . Let 's just say it 's no Tempur-Pedic but we did n't have $ 5000 for a bed either . That said , it pretty much is what it said it was.Update
 I recently purchased the Cuisinart hand mixer which I love , but thewhisk they said was compatible with the mixer is not . I did not returnit to amazon because it would cost more than the refund amount .
 Count me as one of the idiots that did not read the other reviews when I purchased the 7 speed mixer . This whisk is included with the mixer and now I have two . It 's not worth it to return it . Amazon needs to stop recommending the whisk when you purchase the mixer . I blame Amazon .
 Works fine but do n't buy this if you buy the seven-speed mixer . It 's already included with the mixer and you only need one !
 The whisk comes with the mixer , and the mixer description did NOT clearly state it . I bought the mixer and the whisk separately . Now have 2 whisks and only need 1 . It 's a tad annoying .
 I placed my order in the first week of December
 Everything else in the set was sized correctly but the fitted sheet was only a full - not a queen like I had ordered . Also , some other stuff ripped during the first washing . I would not purchase this again nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 I reviewed most of the juicers on ... and many other major sites and decided that the KitchenAid was the best product on the market . After receiving it , I changed my mind . Although it promises to be an easy cleanup with a `` special tool '' , it is way too hard to clean up . The pulp basket contains a ridge that makes it next to impossible to get out all of the little strains of pulp . The special tool is great for getting out the big stuff , but not the little stuff . Also , there is a TON of juice left over in the pulp that gets thrown away . This is a result of the poor design , which filters the juice through the pulp before exiting . The product had a nice design and looked good on my counter-top , but it did not deliver . I would recommend buying Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer that is available on other sites .
 I RECEIVED QUICKLY BUT DO N'T HAVE ANY CITRUS PRESS , I ` TS HARD TO USE IT AND THE QUALITY NOT TOO GOOD .
 Badly designed . The juicer has a strong machine , but does not work effectively . It constantly needs to be turned off and cleaned while juicing . Else the pulp will stick to the inner container and create a barrier blocking the juice from getting out.Apart from that it shakes a lot and I have to hold the juicer tightly down while adding veggies or fruits . If I do n't do that , then it will shake and spill the juice all over . Well , that does happen occationally leaving a big mess to cleanup.Finally , very messy and time consuming to cleanup too.Kitchenaid should pay owners of this juicer to just use it . Just a junk juicer for the price .
 Got the opener and charged per instructions . The first can I tried to open was a standard sized dog food can . The opener would n't pierce the can lid and the piercing arm broke off . I reconnected the piercing arm 3 times and kept trying , but it fell off all 3 times . I would n't reccomend anyone buy this product . I saw other negative reviews , but it was so cheap I figured I would try it . Next time I will take other reviews in serious consideration .
 After opening only 3 cans , the cutting blade retracted and would not extend to cut another can . I returned it and asked for a refund .
 Do not waste your money on this item . First time I used it the lever broke off . I put it back on and tried again . No luck . Fell off again . After 3 times I decided this was a piece of junk . Do not buy this item !!!!
 Bought onr it stopped working so I returned it & got another one & this one is even worse . I need to return this one now too . What a pain in the a # $
 We have other cordless can openers in the past and this one really disappointed us . While this may be a really great can opener , it is difficult to hold while opening a can . We also found it to be very noisy . I would not recommend this product to and older person .
 Attempted to use this opener for several weeks but it never operated correctly . It is extremely difficult to puncture to lid to have it open the can . The upper unit piece could not be removed for cleaning as the manual states . The opener was returned .
 It lasted about three months before the batteries leaked out all over the place DONT BUY !!! It was hard too get opener to stay on the cans . NO Power
 Tried to use it with different size cans and was unable to adjust it so it could fit and start opening the but was unable to do it , other people tried too . I would give this product NO stars . I bougth it because I 've had other Hamilton Beach products and they 've been OK .
 I ca n't get it to open a can as I ca n't penetrate the can , I am 86yrs old and may not have enough strenth in my hands . How ever others have tried and ca n't get it to work either . Thamk You , Vera Inman
 I had one of thse and it failed . I got another and it did not last long either so I bought this third one that I have trouble using so I bought a crank one which works better .
 I can not get it to clamp onto a can . I tried numerous times and it would fall to the counter . Gave up ! Would like to return it , but have disposed of the box it came in . -LSB- ASIN : B00005USQO Hamilton Beach 76500 Walk 'N Cut Cordless Can Opener -RSB-
 I purchased this because of the Hamilton Beech name as a matter of fact I ordered two because they were so cheap . JUNK , JUNK . My first one could only open 3 lg cans before it had to be recharged , then it broke . The second one operates the same about 3 lg cans then recharge . I would probably never buy another Hamilton Beech product ...
 Worst can opener I have ever had . Not worth the trouble to get it to work and does not hold a charge !!!!!!!! Do n't waste your money .
 NEXT TO IMPOSSIBLE TO PIERCE THE TOP OF A CAN . OUT OF 50 TRIES TO MAKE IT WORK , ONLY SUCCESSFUL TWICE .
 Hamilton Beach 76500 Walk 'N Cut Can Opener ReviewVERY DISAPPOINTED : I completely charged the can opener before its initial use.This can opener is extremely difficult to attach to the can . It opened the first can ONLY AFTER I struggled to attach it to the can . When I tried to open a second can it quit halfway through ! I thought maybe it had lost its charge . After all was said and done , I had to throw away my can of soup , as I could not remove the opener from the can . I ended up turning the can upside down and FINALLY removed the opener from the can . As a result , all the liquid had drained out of the half opened can MAKING A BIG MESS !!! Needless to say , I had to throw away the half drained soup . After all of this , I was most definitely discouraged , but still determined to try the opener once more , as I was thinking the can opener had simply lost its charge . I charged the can opener for a FULL 24 HOURS ! I tried once again , which was a HUGE MISTAKE !! The exact same thing happened again ! As they say `` Fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me . '' Unfortunately , I 'm the type of person who feels strongly about giving people/things the `` benefit of the doubt . ''
 I had a can opener similar to this one , the difference
 This is a good concept , but , I could not get it to even line up to pierce the top of the can . It would run fine without a can in it . What 's the point ? Ended up purchasing a counter top model for $ 12.00 at a local vendor .
 Item only worked one time . I have since learned other chain stores have discontinued it , I wonder why ! Nice idea if it only worked !
 The knife on the can opener will not penetrate some cans , therefore it will not open them . Some can edges appear to be different heights which probably contributes to the problem . It never occurred to me that it would be unsatisfactory so when I unpacked it , I discarded the box and packing , otherwise I would have returned it . I am very unhappy with this cutter , especially as much as it cost and will shop around for another kind . Would not recommend .
 I have had this opener less than two months , but I could have written this the next day and testified to how horrible it is . Even after having a full charge -LRB- 24 hours -RRB- , it only lasts 1.5 cans worth - it dies in the middle of the 2nd can ! Whats even more irritating is that when it dies , it stays in a locked position on the can making it almost impossible to remove without flinging the contents of the half opened can everywhere ... or worse - cutting yourself ! FORGET making chili or anything that requires multiple cans . I opted for this opener after having multiple manual crank openers break on me , and I did not want a counter mounted opener because I did not want to dedicate one of my precious kitchen outlets to an opener ... but even if I left this plugged in all the time , it still would n't do it 's job!I can not tell you the amount of frustration this stupid gadget has caused me . I just want an open can !
 This can opener is definitely inferior to the Black and Decker Gizmo -LRB- no longer in production -RRB- that it replaced . It is hard to operate and the blade can not be removed for easy cleaning .
 What seemed like a good idea proved otherwise when we recently packed this portable can opener for a trip to Death Valley . On our second day at the exquisite Furnace Creek Lodge and Inn , I put the quite small mechanism to task for about the fourth time on a small can of chicken for my service dog as part of setting up dinner with Paul Newman -LRB- ! -RRB- kibbles . It broke into pieces about five inches along the way and could not be put back together again . My Swiss Army knife saved the completion task . I have no interest in replacing it . My feelings for the Swiss , however , are improved .
 Looks like a cute little can opener , but it 's awkward to use and definitely not for someone with small hands or limited use of their hands .
 So far I have not been able to use it as it will not connect to the can and start working , but I will try again .
 It 's very difficult or next to impossible to clamp down on a can . It 's not worth the effort .
 It works ok for the price , but is a little difficult for me to use . It takes a little `` pressure '' to push the blade piece down onto the can and is difficult for those with bone/joint/muscle issues-disabilities . I also did not realize that the can opens from the top , not smoothly from below the lids . So at times , I have had `` splash-overs '' from the liquid on the can . Would only recommend it for those who want a `` hands free '' , but do not have any medical issues with use of hands/wrist . This item is definitely not for the `` physically impaired '' !
 If you can get this thing to attach and start cutting , it works fine . I fumbled with this thing for about 5 minutes per can . Now , I 'm pretty mechanically inclined and have never had trouble with a can opener before . I bought this because of the great reviews . I finally gave up and I sent mine back ! I 'm going back to my $ 4.99 Swing-Away ...
 I am mechanically inclined , but no matter what I did , I could n't get this thing to open a can . As a matter of fact , I could n't get this thing to stay together to even start opening a can .
 Do not by any Hamilton Beach Opener . They have a faw in design and will fail to cut after some use . I tried working with company , I have done everything they 've asked , including mailing in item and cost of shipping , but they will not refund or replace.Try another brand.UPDATE -LRB- Years later -RRB-
 This can opener is really cute but extremely hard to operate . It is so hard to push down the lever when you get it lined up on the can .
 The reviews I read previous to ordering this were mostly positive , so I guess this is a really good little guy . -LRB- It looks like a cute , funny little guy . -RRB- It seems very strong so it 's probably durable , and when I could actually get it to engage the can , it did a very good job and performed as described . I guess it 's too strong for me , because I was able to get it to engage a can only twice , after much , hard effort to push it down into the can . I was cooking a big pot of soup and opening several cans . Finally , in exasperation , I tried to use my old , worn-out can opener , but it really was worn out . So I went out into the night to the nearest store I could find , bought a tall Hamilton Beach electric can opener that stands on the counter -LRB- model 76380 -RRB- , came back home , opened my cans and finished my soup . The cute little guy was sent back to its home .
 This is very hard to use , hard to clean , hard to push down to get to start ... not much good about it . I used for about 3 month and then threw it away !
 This can opener holds only a charge for one or two cans . Bought it as a replacement for another cordless can opener . The batteries inside are terrible and need to be constanly plugged in . I won ; t be buying any more appliances from Hamilton Beach !
 Returned because it was very difficult to use . Could not get it attached to the can . Had no problem returning this item to Amazon .
 If I could , I could rate this `` no '' stars . I thought that the persons who wrote that this product was useless must not have followed the directions . But after I received mine , I will agree with them . I could not get it to work . I had other people try it and they were not able to get it to work . I bought two , so I returned the one I had not opened . I tried everything according to the directions . Nothing worked . I know the battery was charged because I could turn it on when it was not on the can . I wasted good money on something that was useless .
 I find this item to be too loud and hard to get started opening cans ... i would NOT recomend this product ...
 The can opener stopped working within 3 weeks of purchasing it . I tried charging it but it still would not work . I would never buy this product again . I do n't blame the seller i blame the company that manufactures the item .
 This must be considered a disposable item . It did not even last a year before it broke . I like to buy items and keep them forever so I would rather pay more and have it last at least 5 years so I am not wasting time at the checkout .
 this would be a good product if opening something that does n't need draining but because it cuts from the side it does n't leave the ring from the lid in order to drain something like tuna , olives etc. . I returned mine . Also , it is akward to lock onto the can to start opening .
 The product works as described but the battery last only one opening . You ca n't simply plug it in and use it as the motor draws all electricity through the battery . Basically , unless the product sent to me was defective you need to keep this plugged in all the time . Not good .
 I try to attach this device to the top of a can and nothing happens . I keep trying over and over and over and finally it starts and does a nice job , running all the way around the can until it reaches the starting point and stops automatically . But let me tell you , I am totally frustrated by the time this happens , I dont know why it ultimately starts , it just does.I ca n't take it back , I have opened the box , used it to open 4 cans now , but it is not getting any easier . I will be buying a conventional electric can opener today . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 Even when properly positioned , this product it is very difficult to activate . It requires two hands and more hand strength that others that I have tried . I ordered another kind which worked much easier . I hope to return it for a refund
 What waste of money . Very difficult -LRB- if not impossible -RRB- to get the edge of the can properly fitted and I had to remove and restart four times on a large can of tomatoes . What the heck has happened to good old American appliances , my previous Presto can opener last over 10 years , this thing is worthless right out of the box !
 This is the worst can opener I have ever bought . It 's really loud , hard to set and the handle is so sharp it cut my hand . I was very disappointed for a Hamilton Beach product . Do n't waste your money .
 My wife and I are wondering which one of the three hands they are talking about that it takes to operate this thing . Trying to get this opener to pierce a can is an exercise in frustration . My similar Black & Decker gave up after 7 years and I thought I would try Hamilton Beach . BIG MISTAKE !!! Due to past experience , I 'm not a big fan of B&D quality but the B&D was easy to use and did n't tip over on the counter for no apparent reason . Save your money on this one , a manual opener is preferable to this thing . I 'd give it a ZERO if possible .
 I had read the reviews on this , and thought it would be as good as the Black and Decker ones I had gone through several times . It 's not . Biggest problem is getting it to pierce . Runs great not on a can . It 's particularly hard to do on small cans . Cuts okay if you can get it to pierce.I 've gone back to using my old electric one .
 I bought this item because the reviews said it was fun , and did a good job . I find it very difficult to puncture a can and get it started running . It seems that the design makes the leverage all wrong . Then when I do get it to start , it often cuts out . I am not really happy with it and expect I will have to find another can opener to get the job done .
 I 'm sorry , I do n't know what 's wrong with me , or rather my tin cans , but I could n't get this to work most of the time . I gave it one star because it fits nicely in a drawer . I 'm throwing it out and shopping for a new opener as you read ...
 As a person with disabilities -LRB- have use of only one hand -RRB- , I need `` assistive devices . '' Instructions accompanying this product are completely inadequate . Even my two-handed aide was unable to operate it . Fortunately , Amazon 's return policy saved the day by refunding my payment , providing a return address label , and reimbursed me for postage . No wonder Hamilton Beach discontinued its product.I went back to Amazon and purchased a `` batteries-free '' mechanical can opener that works perfectly with my one hand . It 's called Chef 'n EzSqueeze One-Handed Can Opener . And it 's only $ 13 including shipping !
 In order to get this can opener to work -LRB- sometimes -RRB- I have to sit down at the table and plan to spend 10 to 15 minutes fooling around with it . I put the opener on a can and when I push down it does not engage and punch a hole in the can . It does nothing . This is very frustrating when you are in the middle of cooking and have to take so much time out to just open a can . It is not a problem with the battery being charged . If I take it off the can I can tell that the battery is charged and working . Back to the manual can opener for me . I would not recommend this item .
 Just packed this up to return . I got it because I have a bad hand & a manual opener was too hard to use . Well this is even worse . Even my husband struggled with it . You really have to press hard to get the blade to engage , then it kept falling off the can .
 I got one as a gift from a friend of mine & it 's the same one her husband uses all the time . I have arthritis in both hands & had major problems in trying to use it ... Once can is pierced it works like a dream . Problem is getting the opener to pierce the lid in the first place . I tried using it on 4 different days
 This can opener does not work like the other one used to . Unfortunately you do not carry the model I have had for years ! This does not catch on to can . I struggle with it and finally gave up .
 Very hard to hold if you have any kind of arthritis , hand issues . Hard to connect to cans and once it does pierce the can , be aware that it 's not the kind of can opener that goes around the outside of the can lid in which you 're able to reseal . VERY sharp and ragged cut . I also found I could n't do low cans like tuna/cat food size.So wanted it to work because I was so tired of the battery operated ones jamming up when the battery decides to die halfway through the cycle.I hope this helps .
 Thought I would give this product a try and replace my 15 year old Krups electric hand-held model # 404 . Ca n't find them anymore . Anyway , the Hamilton Beach is difficult to use and does not work the way the directions state . Making several attempts , I could not get the `` pierce-point '' to pierce the can . Anyway , I have sent it back . For all the frustration , I would rather use a hand held crank style .
 Well , I am not as happy with this can opener as I thought I was going to be ! While it does an excellent job of opening cans once you get it to start , getting it to start is still quite a problem . The small and thin `` trigger '' that has to be pushed down until it engages was not designed well at all . I have had my significant other try also and he has given up on using it . Sorry but since this is a major problem I can only give it a two star rating .
 Do n't buy this -- very hard to use . If battery runs out half way around can , ca n't get it off without breaking it ! Hard to get on and off . Ripoff !
 This might work if you have hands the size of an NBA basketball player . For anyone else it is a stupidly designed piece of total and utter junk . Do n't waste your time or money !
 This thing could n't even penetrate a large can and skipped about on a small can . This is going back to Amazon even though I have to eat the shipping charges . An e-mail to Hamilton Beach remains unanswered .
 Cute little can opener that works well enough as long as it 's charged . Unfortunately it wo n't work with the power cord if the batteries are dead . You have to charge it up after every use or it might be dead the next time you use it . Because it requires charging and you have no idea how much juice is left in the batteries it 's kind of a hassle to get the charger cord out and deal with charging it up before putting it away.I would not recommend this device as the main can opener in the house . It might be useful on a camping trip if you have portable power that you can charge it up on later . Otherwise get a can opener that uses AC only and you 'll not have to deal with dead can openers .
 It takes two people to attach the opener and get it to start turning . I used to have a Gizmo and I went for a less expensive option . It was a mistake .
 This can opener is one of the most difficult to use . Although it is small , it is very hard to get the opener on the can in order to begin . Once on , after much work , it does work without being held . Additionally , it will not work unless plugged in . When purchased , it seemed to be one that could be battery operated.Not happy and will look for something different .
 Does n't work worth a damn . My daughter-in-law and I could not get it to work . Many attempts to operate it .
 In addition , it is cumbersome to get the can started . We used to have a Black & Decker Gizmo which was so so so much better than this opener . Too bad the Gizmo is no longer available . Not recommended .
 Was not able to use after around 3 cans . Recharging was OK but the opener just did not have the torque to open larger numbers of cans .
 It is clumsy , dies quickly and does n't do a very good job of opening a can . I was really hoping for something small I could put in a drawer that would work well . This was not it !
 Bought this when the battery in my Gizmo gave out . Big mistake . The Gizmo had a modern lithium battery , which meant you could continuously charge it , the HB has old-fashioned NiCAD batteries , which you must charge and then use until completely discharged , meaning every so often -LRB- fairly often -RRB- it gives out on you in the middle of meal prep . The Gizmo had 4:1 leverage which was easy for my strength-impaired wife to use . The HB has pathetic 2:1 leverage which is difficult for even me to use sometimes . Yeah , the Gizmo is expensive -LRB- over $ 100 -RRB- but if you need a can opener that seriously understrength users can use , it 's the only way to go . I would NOT buy this can opener again ... I will probably get rid of it before it stops working , it 's THAT unsatisfactory .
 Horrible can opener , you have to play with it to get it to line up after piercing the can . Push down so hard that sometimes it starts working , but most of the time it does n't . This is WAY TOO MUCH WORK for a can opener ! STAY AWAY !!!!
 Well , I got a replacement without a sweat after 30 days . The tool worked OK right off the charger ... Thats the only time . Actually it sounds very labored even when it works . That could be the problem , it just has a physical handicap by design . Anyway , the second one did the same thing . I charged it for a few days on arrival ... Three or four days later it would not even budge a can lid ... Stone dead . The dilemmas are these ; you never really plan to open a can so it 's not going to be ready and you do n't ever want something endlessly plugged in so it works on demand - especially if you think the battery is funky anyway . Maybe its an old factory run so ALL the batteries have failed . Either way save your money . It looks cool but is a non-starter .
 I do n't have enough hands to make this work . Very difficult to hold and more difficult to get the cutting edge to pierce the can . I love the idea that it is portable .
 I PURCHASED TWO OF THESE HAMILTON BEACH CAN OPENERS , ONE FOR MY NEIGHBOR . WITH OUR SMALL HANDS THEY ARE NOT COMFORTABLE TO HANDLE . THE SHAPE IS AWKWARD . . SHOULD HAVE PURCHASED A WALL OR FREE STANDING MODEL.Hamilton Beach 76500 Walk 'N Cut Cordless Can Opener
 I bought this because my wife has R.A. and she has problems with hand strength . This unit is under powered and it does not work on can goods manufactured in other countries.Overall , I 'm disappointed with this product , but I ca n't find a good replacement . So we will use this until the bolts fall out .
 WE BOUGHT THIS , CHARGED IT AND TRIED TO USE IT.IT WOULD NOT PIERCE THE METAL RIM OF THE CAN , AND WHEN YOUPUT PRESSURE ON IT , THE CUTTING UNIT DIS-ENGAGED FROM THE BODY.NOT MADE FOR ANY HEAVY-DUTY CANS ... WILL NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE .
 It looks like a Gizmo , it feels like a Gizmo , it 's half the price of a Gizmo but it 's no Gizmo ! I tried , tried and tried again to get this to pierce a can with no success . I have returned it & am ordering another Gizmo . It 's true - you get what you pay for .
 This can opener is not a one touch product . It is ergonomically not easy to use , takes a lot of time to position it correctly .
 The can opener is not very practical . It requires charge often and broke within 60 days with little use . It was sort of an interesting shape requiring an interesting hold to use ; possibly leading to cuts . I would not recommend this product . Stick with a standard plug and use can opener if you ask me .
 The on & off switch positivly did not work.After about a week , I got so disgusted with it Ithrew it in the garbage can.Thats what i thinkabout this product .
 It was kinda hard to use and after about 6 months it just stopped even though I always kept it charged . Since this is the type of product youmight take camping I do n't recommend it because it 's not reliable.I used it once or sometimes twice a day ... no more so I really thinkit should have lasted longer .
 Lasted about 1/2 year before getting so slow it was stoping every 1/2 of a inch . Not worst it . Junk
 I have used a Black & Decker Gizmo for years . When it finally failed -LRB- corrosion and batteries -RRB- I decided to save a little money and ordered the Hamilton Beach Walk 'N Cut opener . It seems that the blade is defective and wo n't pierce the can . Working with it for a couple of minutes and applying considerable pressure will finally get it to work . This is not acceptable .
 It is very difficult to get it on a can to open . I am afraid Iam going to hurt myself by usint it .
 This is an unique opener in that it is one handed and battery operated , but I find it hard to hold it and start the opening process . I am a mechanic and still find it hard . Once started it does a good job of opening the can . I also found that it does n't shut off automatically once the can is open , but I 've never seen that in any opener . Just have to stop the action by releasing the switch .
 I bought this product for tailgating.It 's small compact size made it attractive for a saturday ballgame tailgate partyHowever it fails to perform , on a full charge it will open only one can.Don ' t waste your time and money on this one .
 This has to be the single most useless can opener I 've ever purchased -- VERY difficult to use . Do n't buy it . I would n't even give it a single star , but I had to give it at least one star in order to post this review -- I 've gone back to using my manual can opener .
 this can opener is difficult with two hands two hands . I have the use of just one hand and can not use it . a friend tried and had difficulty with two hands . this can opener is a huge disappointment .
 I bought this can opener for my daughter . She used it a few times over the past few months and now it stopped working . I have one of my own that works fine , but it appears that the quality is inconsistent .
 This device does open cans but it is difficult to position to get it started . It was purchased to replace a 25 year old opener that was easy to use one handed and required no strength to make it work . This one requires that you are able to push hard with your thumb -LRB- which I can not do due to joint problems -RRB- in order to operate . If you ave 2 good hands it is fine . I need something else . Keeping this and my husband uses it .
 We both have `` old age '' hands and this is our second one of these little guys ! The first one lasted several years until it broke . Basically boiled down to less than a few dollars a year -LRB- cheaper than a cheap hand operated one -RRB- . Does not hurt our hands when we use it and we expect this one to last at least as long . At less than $ 15 dollars , it is a great buy . Why 4 stars instead of 5 ? about one star for each year of the first one ! : -RRB- Update 1/29/13 : The battery does not hold a charge as long as the old one -LRB- pretty much need to keep it plugged in all the time to make sure you are able to open two cans -LRB- normal size 16oz cans of beans or corn -RRB- -RRB- . The old one held a charge for week or more even after several years . Wo n't be buying a third one ! -LRB- at least not through Amazon.com ... perhaps it sat in a hot warehouse for too long ... who knows ? -RRB- . FWIW
 I bought this can opener hoping to be able to open cans and help my carpal tunnel . I was NEVER able to open one can with it . Shame on Hamilton Beach for such a poorly designed opener.I tried on all sizes of cans and was not able to open any of them . It finally ended up in the garbage!I would never recommend this opener to anyone .
 I like the idea of this can opener and that it is rechargable instead of battery operated like One Touch . Also that it opens the can the conventional way instead of on the side like One Touch because the sharp edge is dangerous on One Touch . However it is difficult to position it and push the lever down on the cans to open them . I really struggle with it . One Touch you just place on top of the can and push the button . Sorry not to have a better review . I am giving the Hamilton Beach 76500 to two grandsons as gifts . They will easily figure out the way to use them !
 This can opener is extremely difficult to get onto the can to get started and then is extremely loud once I finally get it on there . I had the Black & Decker Gizmo that lasted 6-7 years and tried to purchase another but much to my dismay it was not available anymore . I would NOT recommend this item .
 Just not worth it . Opening the box was easier than opening a can with this item . Save your money and get something else . It was sent back within an hour of it arriving .
 This item broke before I got the message from Amazon to write a review . It got STUCK ON the can , after using less than 2 weeks . Worked well to open first four cans but with difficulty getting it started . It is awkward . I had read this complaint in the reviews , but did n't pay attention . Pay attention to the reviews or regret it like me . It went straight to the garbage !!
 An older person can not use . Do not recommend . I could not use it at all trashed it . Should have check it out first
 Timely delivery but rechargable batteries wo n't hold a charge . . It 'll open about 3 / 4 cans then completely dies . . The little lever is a bit awkward too . Once you get the hang of it , it 's not so bad . . But I 'd have to say the most frustrating thing is , it needs recharging after practicallly every use . . Kind of defeats the purpose of it being cordless , do n't ya think ?? Also very irritated when it dies while in mid cut , if you try to plug it in to finish , it still wo n't work until its been charged again . . Be sure to have an alternative method available .
 We had fun with the Walk 'N Cut , using it occasionally for about 10 months . When it did n't work one day , I charged it only to find that it still did n't work . Opening it up revealed that the batteries had leaked badly . I called Hamilton Beach and they said it was a discontinued item and could do nothing for me . It 's disappointing to have to throw it away after such a short time with no recourse for a warranty replacement .
 I had wanted a cordless can opener and received this as a gift . Sadly it did not live up to the reputation of Hamilton Beach . My husband and I have limited mobility with our hands ; he has arthritis and I have carpal tunnel syndrome.One needs Herculean strength to attach the can to the opener , push it down and get it to move around the can and ultimately open it and release . I put mine away for GOOD .
 I have very limited use of my entire left arm and hand and carpal tunnel in the other hand . I wanted a can opener that was easy to use and that I did n't have to hold onto . After practicing on three cans , I found it very easy to use . We are still in our first charge after a month and five people using it all the time.However , after 6 months , it will no longer hold a charge . It will not cut cans anymore . I 'm guessing the plastic parts were unable to hold up with regular family use .
 I bought this can opener because it is small and cordless . However , my husband and I have a difficult time getting it lined up correctly to open can . It is especially difficult with small cans . I usually end up pulling out the old manual can opener after a few frustrating attempts . As another reviewer mentioned , the round shape also makes it fall off the counter easily . Watch out for small kids , pets and toes !
 I had one of these for years , and it worked great . However this just dose n't fit the bill and will not hold a charge . So the handy self crank job is back
 I could never get this to work on the can . I tried for months ... on mutiple cans . I finally put it away and went back to the old fashion hand operated kind . It was a waste of money .
 This is a terrible can opener . I can not get it to work . Bought it at Christmas so I need to find out how to return it . I hate it and it is way too expensive to just throw away . However I hate trying to repackage it to send it back . I guess that 's what I get for buying in online .
 The concept for this can opener is cool and it works , but the internal non-replaceable battery can not hold a charge for any amount of time . That means you need to charge it for 6 hours before you use it next . It also will not work while plugged into the wall . All the power has to comes from the battery and it just does not . Do not buy it unless Hamilton Beach upgrades the battery to something that can sit in a drawer for more than a day unused .
 This product is junk . It worked maybe a dozen times , but did n't do a thorough job of cutting through the lid even then . And forget opening a short can like tuna - the opener is taller than the can , so you have to juggle the can in your hand to get the can opener to work . As other reviewers have noted , it 's also hard to get the opener positioned to cut . But the worst thing is that the opener stopped working after about a dozen times . It started not holding a charge well , now wo n't work even with the cord plugged in . Thank goodness I bought it from Amazon and they allowed me to return it . I 'd give it a zero if I could .
 Never walked around the can even once . Need I say more ? A better version of this is the Hamilton Beach electric one I reviewed earlier .
 I have had a black and decker `` Gizmo '' for about ten years . It was great . I bought the Hamilton Beach one when it gave out . I used it exactly one time then the blade moved somehow and it no longer works , I have never been this disappointed in Hamilton Beach before . I 'm retired and ca n't afford products like this .
 I bought this can opener for my wife for Christmas . It is very difficult to use . My wife is unable to work it at all , and I have a difficult time myself . If we had n't thrown the packing away with the Christmas wrappings it definitely would be returned .
 Do not buy for safety reasons !! I was initially pleased with the Hamilton Beach 76500 Can Opener until it started rolling off the counter . While of great utility , this is a case where the technical design is great but the stylist created a problem . The fact is that most of the can opener 's case is round in shape except for two little feet that try to hold it up-right . If a heavy steel lid is still stuck on the magnet and the unit is placed on the counter , the whole thing will roll over . If it is close to edge of the counter , it will fall on the floor . Now I have a big cut in my foot from the steel lid that was attached to the can opener at the time . I reserve the right to cook in bare feet but now I have a big gash because of this product . I am asking my money back and reporting to this to CPS . They should have given the product a square shape to prevent this .
 ordered product but took just about a month to get a notification saying my order had been cancelled . gift was bought 2 weeks before I needed it and took over 3 weeks to find out the order was cancelled
 I purchased this can opener and found it very difficult to use . My sister visited and could n't figure it out so I had to show her . It dropped on the floor and now it will not work . It 's better to use a cheap handheld can opener and use your brute strengh !
 Poster is poor quality . If you touch it with damp fingers , it takes the color off the photo and leaves a reddish mark .
 The barometer I received was defective - one of the needles had come off its ' spindle and was loose between the dial and the glass . The barometer was made in China and not what I expected from Weems & Plath . I returned it for a full refund .
 A nice looking decoration to hang on the wall , but it never agrees with the local barometric readings . I set it to read the same as the local reading , but it never reads the same again . After setting it multiple times I just gave up and use it as a rather expensive thermometer .
 I bought these pots and pans and everything sticks to them and clean up is FAR from a breeze ! I use PAM before I start cooking and that even sticks to them ! I am VERY upset that I spent that kind of money on a poor set of pots and pans ! Buyer BEWARE !!
 We received a Farberware cooking set for our wedding that had a 20 year warranty . The 8-week turnaround time has extended to almost a year and we still do n't have our pans back despite multiple promises that they are being shipped `` this week . '' We 've had to submit them to the Better Business Bureau .
 Bought this set , both comforter set and sheet set . Loved the colors and sateen feel but after 2 washings , the sheets had little fuzz balls all over and the fitted sheet ripped along the seams in two of the four corners ! I have `` shaved '' the pillowcases just to make them useable . I use the fitted sheet inside out since I ca n't stand the pilling . This is horrible quality .
 This product is attractive and accurately described . But the directions on using the childproofing features and even how to properly assemble the product for using the cords are inadequate . We have n't gotten it to operate . Disappointing .
 the picture provide with this item 's description is VERY deceiving . these blinds are ACTUALLY VERY see through , does not provide ANY privacy or shade AT ALL . i DO NOT recommend this product at all
 This is a terrible product . The product arrived damaged . The `` maple '' paper covering was peeled away from the particle board on every slat of the headboard . It was flimsy & cheap looking . Save yourself time & money before buying anything from South Shore collection !
 they sent me the totally wrong item . when i tried to reach them by phone they said i had to email them . so i did . never got a response . their website is horrible . you cant click on any of their contact us links . never never buy from them . very upset !!!
 It tells time and the temperature without a problem . However , the forecaster function is always wrong . It will be in the 80 's without a cloud in the sky for days , and the clock will be showing rain clouds on the screen .
 I had this product for 5 weeks and it has officially stopped functioning . Trying to get customer assistance from Sunpentown is worse than pulling teeth . I do not recommend this product .
 received item damaged and defective . the item clearly looked like it was refurbished . although only the outer box was damaged the interior was filthy and used . it ran for 10 mins and then stopped working . manufacturer did not deny it was refurbished , they just said to send it back for a replacement . very questionable practice . I do n't have the time to deal with this type of issue . very disappointed and upset with this low quality ice maker purchase .
 I DO NOT recommend this item to ANYONE ! It was sent to me NOT working and now they wo n't refund my money , they want to send me a new one ! No thank you . Company is horrible to deal with and attitude is terrible too ! Buyer BEWARE !!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this item last year . The first one was n't even completely assembled . The water leaked out all over the counter and floor . My husband took it apart and the hoses were n't attached . It made ice once and I returned my new unit to Sunpentown for another . That one worked for several months without a problem . Then the `` needs water '' light kept coming on and it would not make ice . I did just read on another site review that if you tip it backwards , sometimes that will help . They should enclose that info in the instructions . I finally gave it away on freecycle . I love the concept of this appliance , but would like to find one that worked without have to do rocket surgery .
 Do n't waste your money , please . It did make ice for a few months , noisey and kept me busy unloading it to the freezer , but after a few months , it started making a loud buzzing noise , and getting hot where the motor area was . Then I only would use it if I was nearby , did n't trust it , did n't want a fire . I could turn it off and back on and sometimes the buzzing would stop , but never completely . We finally put it on a dolly and took it outside , where it is getting snowed on , and rained on until it gets taken to the dump . Save your money for a new fridge with ice maker or buy bags of ice for about $ 2-3 per bag . To ship to somewhere for service too expensive , too heavy , not worth the trouble .
 The Ice Maker worked for about 3 months and then just quit.The manual is poorly written and incomplete.I recommend you do not buy this unit .
 The machine broke a few weeks after purchasing it . Sunpentown sent me a tray to replace a motor connector to dump the ice . The ice shovel does not lift the ice high enough to dump into ice bucket and drops back into the water tray and combines with a new ice batch . This finally brings everything to a close . Sunpentown sent me another motor to solve this problem but it had no effect . My wife or myself must empty the ice into the ice bucket every 15 to 30 minutes or it shuts down . Sunpentown Techs no longer will talk to me about it . It has gotten very noisey lately and I 'm concerned about the possibility of over heating and a fire.This unit was perchased from Wal-Mart in Bay City , TX . Wal_Mart did n't want anything to to with it also .
 This thing was awesome ... for the first 10 hours or so , then it stopped working . The add water light came on and no matter what I did , would n't go off . I tried unplugging it , shaking it , draining it ... nothing . The manual says it could be either out of water -LRB- duh ? -RRB- or have a plugged filter , but it does n't say how to change the filter ; heck , I could n't even find the filter . I assume you do n't have to take this piece of junk apart to get at it . You 'd think that if the filter plugs every 10 hours , it would be easy to get at.I should have listened to all the poor reviews . Hopefully I can take it back to Wal-Mart . I must say , though , when it worked , it was quite impressive .
 All the controls , and indicators appear to work without incident , but it only produced about three pieces of ice -- That 's all folks ! It turns itself off -- no problem , except it is too large as a paper weight . Telephone support was prompt and courteous ; however they were unable to resolve the problem and needed to talk with a technical person . I never heard back from them ! After reading similar reviews , I would advise strongly against wasting good money on this product !
 Makes great coffee ... and then one day it will quit . The brew switch will no longer function . I managed a few weeks of patiently setting the auto brew for the next minute and fooling it into making me coffee on demand this way but obviously it is n't supposed to work this way . I 'm on my third unit both had same problem , the brewing on demand electronics are faulty . It is a chronic problem with past units , perhaps I 'll get lucky with this one . You would think Cuisinart would recall or halt manufacturing of this model until they can get it right . I can not recommend until I 'm convinced the issue I 've described has been corrected . Beware .
 I expected a brand new coffee make , not a refurbished one . This machine has some drawbacks , on two different ocassions I experienced luke warm coffee . I am extremely upset that I was sent a refurbished model without my knowledge .
 just threw mine out , sent it back twice , the third time it quit , Cuisinart refused to cover under warranty ... even though it was the same exact problem . The Coffee pot just fades away electrically ... until it does not turn on anymore ... lasts an average of 9-12 months . Never buying Cuisinart electrical appliances again .
 Our Cuisinart WAS a wonderful coffee pot . We loved the ability to have fresh coffee for several hours . But , unfortunately , one day it just stopped brewing . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . Customer service tells you to leave it unplugged for 30 minutes and then retry . That worked at first , but now it does n't brew at all . I 'm going back to a less expensive coffee pot that actually works when I turn it on .
 CAVEAT
 Third one I have owned just died , and like the other times I had not kept a receipt and they said it was manufactured more than 3 years ago so it was out of warranty . None were more than a year old . I love the coffee maker but not at $ 100/year . Buy two , keep the receipts and plan on dealing with LONG replacement times under warranty . Look around at reviews , this product is notoriously unreliable .
 Buying this dresser was a mistake . My husband + I are expecting our first baby in 6 weeks and bought this dresser for the nursery . It arrived with significant damage -LRB- as if pieces had been dropped -RRB- though the packaging was perfect -- as if it passed inspection with broken components.So we called customer service and had new pieces sent to us , but it took several days and meanwhile , we have an un-assembled dresser in our nursery for over a week . Tonight we finally received the replacements and as we are putting it together , we 're noticing all kinds of things . Water damage on almost every drawer , the holes for screws are n't near large enough so we had to drill new ones , and more pieces that were damaged.At this point , we 're assembling the stupid thing because Christmas is next week and we need this nursery done before our son arrives . But the front of our dresser will be missing paint , have water damage , and have noticeable dings.Next time we 'll just go with IKEA : -LRB-
 The board is light , easy to setup/store ; however , it is extremely wobbly
 it 's too weak . looks different . just visit local store and grab one . it 's not even cheap .
 This ironing board is strictly for light duty . The first one arrived damaged and with the packaging split open , mainly due to the flimsy packaging . After notifying Crazy Daves , and multiple followups , they sent a replacement -LRB- at no charge -RRB- . It arrived in much better condition , though the packaging was again split open in several places . My suggestion is they revise the packaging to make it more sturdy to protect the product .
 This ironing board is cheap and arrived in poor condition , torn with a missing piece on the ironing board leg and it was very wobbly .
 You should know that ironing is my favorite household chore and that my old ironing board , which I loved but could n't replace because it was no longer made , collapsed -LRB- literally -RRB- after years of sometimes daily service . That said , I give this new board an adequate score . It is rather flimsy and unstable on my tile floors . Perhaps it would be better on a carpeted surface . If you just need something basic , it is fine . Otherwise , keep looking .
 We were very disappointed with how unstable this ironing board turned out to be . We have been unable to find a better one that will fit into the same area .
 The bottom of the pan gets warped after a couple months of regular use . Now the center of the pan is higher than the outer edges . I have never washed the pan with cold water while it 's piping hot , I always let it cool down before washing . Even with this precaution , it still get warped considerably . It 's not only annoying to cook with uneven surface , its also reducing the effectiveness of heat transfer from my flat electric stove . Now it takes forever for the pan to get hot due to bad surface contact.I have a different T-fal pan which has thicker material , and that one does not warp at all . I guess you get what you pay for .
 While this seems to be a very well-built pan , it most definitely is not a 14 '' pan as indicated . The packaging on it indicates it 's a 13.5 '' pan . But if you measure the frying surface you 'll find it 's a 10 '' pan . If you need a nice 10 '' pan , this is it . But I needed a 14 '' frying surface which is why I bought it and also the reason I 'm returning it .
 I am very happy with this purchase . It is the perfect size and does exactly what I need it to do . Clean up is easy with either the dishwasher or hand washing . I highly recommend it .
 I 've bought 3 of the T fal pans w / the red dot centers . And each one is higher in the center and lower on the edges . When you put oil into the pan , it all goes to the outside . To have oil in the center you would have to have way too much that would accumulate on the edges . This pan went w / my other older pans for my sons to use when they have bon fires .
 I bought this dresser at Big Lots for my granddaughter after searching online . The instructions were hard to understand , the holes would not line up in the right places , and what 's more , the particle board disintegrated and the fasteners designed to hold the top onto the dresser were an absolute joke . When the dresser fell apart two weeks after my 8 year old granddaughter started using it , we took the drawers and used them as storage boxes under her bed so that my money would not be a total loss . I have put together many pieces of RTA furniture over the years , and this one was about as awful as it gets .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE ! It is a piece of junk and I am still kicking myself for throwing away the box and now I ca n't return it.It is awful . It has a very short range and always goes out of range , which means that the call is dropped or the phone does n't work at all . The ringer is the worst feature on this phone - instead of ringing , it just makes a little chirp so you do n't hear the phone ring and miss calls . Also , when you turn the phone on , it takes 5 seconds to find a signal with the base so you are sitting there waiting and you ca n't dial or do anything . Finally , the `` interefence free '' sound quality is terrible , worse than on my analog 900mhz cordless phone.This has to be one of the worst cordless phones I have ever owned in my life . Avoid it !!
 Numbers on the keypad are not backlit ; caller-id does not always work , will display `` incomplete data '' or `` no data '' . Caller id display has shifted right and dropped last number ; display has actually come up backwards . Every time these things happen you have to disconnect the internal battery and reconnect it . Would n't recommend anyone to buy this phone .
 I 've owned a pair of these for about a month . Maybe I am too hard of hearing -LRB- I am over 50 -RRB- to discern the sound issues others mention . The sound is fine , and the volume control can come up loud.And the speaker phone feature works better than any phone I 've had , even better than the sophisticated -LRB- but now older -RRB- phone in my business office.But features -- not many . The first wireless I bought ten years or more ago allowed sharing of stored numbers between hand sets , but not this phone . Want to store 40 numbers ? Be ready to enter 40 times the number of hand sets.And about finding those numbers -- you better have a good memory . You must assign a speed dial number to each saved number , and as far as I can tell , the only way to access them is by speed dial number . There 's no way to do it alphabetically by name , nor to scan through entries . Do the designers have such great heads for numbers they think it 's easier to recall mom & dad as # 34 , rather than as mom & dad ? A capacity of 50 is more than enough unless you have an exceptional memory.And going back to the sharing issue , the numbers-only access is a real problem if you mistakenly use different numbers on different hand sets.The screen is plenty bright , which can also be a problem . We have one hand set in my bedroom . For no reason , it blinks on from time to time in the middle of the night , providing enough light sometimes to wake us up or to start the dog barking.One final oddity that may not be the phones ' fault -- our old , broken phone managed to capture caller ID info much more often than these do . Several regular callers whose ID always used to come up now normally come up only as `` No Data . ''
 These phones were the worst phones ever ! The sound on the phones was awful and the static was terrible ! I could n't understand what people were saying when they would call . The caller id only worked when they wanted to work . I took mine back after 3 days ! You are wasting your money if you buys these phones .
 I hate to say it but this dresser was nothing but junk in the long run . The back of it is a thin piece of cardboard , the drawers never sat right in the tracks and the shipping took a long time only to have it arrive with scratches on it . I recently threw it out after less then two years of use because it was just garbage . Its a nice style , but the product itself is not good quality and not worth the money .
 Although the design is wonderful , I am very sorry to say I am greatly disappointed with the quality of this dresser.Many of the interior pieces have no finish applied to them , most notably the drawer backs . The back of dresser is a piece of cardboard which is nailed in place.Also disturbing is the top was damaged in several places , despite no damage to the shipping container . This seems to be a recurring problem , which other reviewers have mentioned . Most of the areas could be touched up , however one area in the left rear edge is dinged badly and is defying any means of touch up.One plus in addition to the style of the unit , is the drawer glides . They were challenging to install due to an error in the instructions , but they work wonderfully.For the money I would expect at least quality with all pieces finished inside and out and a laminated back to the dresser.I would also hope they package the top better to prevent the damage that seems to occur from shipping .
 Unlike the other customers who reviewed this item , I am COMPLETELY DISSAPPOINTED with the quality of this WAY OVER-PRICED dresser . My father , a carpenter , put it together for me , and it took him about 2 hours . Once it was finished we noticed a ll the chips , cracks and scratches from shipping , and all we were provided was a black marker to conceal them . After only a week or so the bottoms of the drawer refused to stay in place , the cheap particle board used is easily damaged.Luckily I did not purchase anything else in the series , we will now put this in the spare bedroom and buy a new suite for our bedroom .
 If what you 're looking for is lush , plush truly thick towels , these are NOT it . If you want Pottery Barn luxe , you 'll have to go there . These are a poor substitute . I could not have been more disappointed . I returned them all .
 I am giving this only 2 stars largely because of a lack of adequate product description.I just took my new clock out of the box . I must say that I am VERY disappointed . I wanted a clock that would chime the hour on the hour and chime the half hour ; and I wanted to be able to set the night shut off around my family 's routines . Despite the impression that other reviews give , it does neither of these essential things . It will chime the hour , but not the 1/2 hour . It does have a 4x4 setting on the musical chime that has the thing going off every 15 minutes . The so-called `` night shut off '' is pre-set for 11pm -5:45 AM . No other option . This is utterly USELESS for a family that is in bed by 9:30 ! There is also no owner 's manual , just a single sheet of paper , written in bad English with vague set-up instructions.On the positive , it looks okay , given that it is of very flimsy construction - It should be okay as long as you handle it carefully . The sound quality is n't bad & the volume is adjustable.I am very frustrated by the lack of real information available on these clocks . With a more detailed list of features , I could have saved myself a lot of trouble . I plan to return this clock and purchase something more suitable , assuming that I can find product descriptions that will provide more detailed information about the features before I make a purchase .
 The item came to me broken and when I returned it for a credit , was only given 1/2 of my credit back . Was not very pleased with the level of customer service I received . I will think twice again before I purchase more dishes from this vendor .
 The larger of the bowls was broken when I recieved it so it was not packet very well . I have used the smaller bowl and loved it .
 I gave this to my fiance , who is a hunter for many years . I really thought he would absolutly love it ! but really he had it in the closet for 6 months because it was to hard to set up or something ... and after he got it ready to go he still does n't really uses it ... he thinks it does not work .
 The description clearly states that this clock has `` German Quartz movement '' . I did not know what that meant . The clock is driven by a quartz crystal and NOT the pendulum . The pendulum does swing side to side - but that 's all that the pendulum does . The pendulum on this clock is purely there for looks and * nothing else * . The pendulum swings a bit fast , too . I expected a gentle swaying . No luck . There is no `` tick tock '' noise accompanying the pendulum , because there is no escapement mechanism . I thought that I was buying a pendulum clock - and now you know better . This clock is basically a cheap-o digital `` made in china '' plastic wonder behind an analog face -LRB- and in a nice wood cabinet -RRB- . The cabinet on the clock is very nice . The glass is real . However - if you open the nice glass door to attach the fakey-mcfake pendulum , the door will unbalance the clock and it will rotate on the wall ! So , be careful when opening that door.Also , this clock requires two `` C '' cell batteries and - ouch - the batteries are NOT included . For the price , I expected batteries . I keep a stash of AA and AAA batteries handy , but who even uses `` C '' size batteries anymore ? Now I am one of those people.The extra functions on this clock are nice
 When we received the clock the face and motion was not secured to the housing . It had fall down inside the clock . We also paid for shipping to have it here by the 30th . It was late.I was not impressed . Amazon did refund us for the clock .
 While the towels are lovely they arrived absolutely filthy!I had to work hard to get out all of the grim that was on them.Sadly , I did write to complain , but no one answered my letter.I should have returned them ... but it seemed like too much trouble for such a small item .
 I received this coffeemaker for Christmas 2005 . It worked great through July 2006 and then it started making a buzzing sound when the dial was turned from off to on . Turning it off and on again would fix the problem . However , a month later I realized that the coffeemaker was no longer turning off . I 'd make coffee in the morning and then hours later would add water to make tea and the water would steam . The dial was in the off position . Unplugging it was the only way to get the coils to cool.One good feature of this coffeemaker is that it keeps the coffee hot for several hours . I wouldnt buy another one of these but I 'll be sure to get one with the thermal carafe .
 This product works , but it kind of sucks too . The probe and coil are more rigid than I would like and seem like they might kink easy . The temperature dial on the unit is virtually meaningless . Using thermometers to test the dial 's settings , I 've found the dial to be very inaccurate . For example , if I want ambient air of 68 degrees , I have to set the dial to about 60-62 . The unit also does n't really work below 40 degrees , no matter how low a set the temperature dial . Personally , I would not buy this again , or recommend this product to anyone . You 're better off spending a little extra money for a newer , better unit . I 'm told the A419 works much better .
 Two years ago I bought one of these units . It worked great for one season . The next winter I followed the setup instructions and started up the unit . The unit heated up for about a minute then gave me the the dreaded two light error . The unit had died . I called Holmes and was told that the problem could not be fixed.Last winter I went out and bought another unit . It worked well throughout the winter season . At the end of the season I followed the cleaning / storage instructions and put it away.This morning I setup the humidifier and got the dreaded two light error again . One bad unit is a freak . Two units produced in different years is a more serious problem.Don ' t buy this unit if you want more than 1 year of use out of it .
 I wanted a stove-top cappuccino maker that I could put in the dishwasher . I think the aluminum ones are better . I just do n't care for the way this one handles .
 I was shocked to know that Target never thought of adding on curtains to match the valance.Maybe a Target employee can realize that curtains do need to be closed too , especially babies!In the meantime , pregnant mothers such as me need to drive around town trying to find curtains that will match the valance .
 I expected better quality of the time-honored brand `` Fiesta ' . While I like the contemporary shape of the bowls and mugs , the finish on the dinner and salad plates shows knife marks making the dishes look dull and shabby when still brand new . I would not buy this again nor would I recommend this brand to a friend .
 I ordered 2 sets of scarlet twice , told them to check before they shipped second order , and they came maroon like the cinnabar , not sure what the problem is with the pictures not matching but I ordered red , not maroon . The boxes were marked scarlet on all 4 boxes but definetely were not the scarlet bright cherry red in pictures .
 I ordered 4 sets of the 5 piece set in Scarlet . This is not a true red or scarlet ... but rather a red/orange . This is very disappointing ... Scarlet should be RED . On top of this , I now need to ship them back at my cost after spending over $ 400.00 . I have 4 boxes to return ... 3 have not been opened . Do n't get these if you want a true red ...
 I love these dishes . The color is exceptionally pretty . Received my shipment fast and in perfect condition . However , the product description describes receiving a mug , and the picture shows a mug , but I received 4 cups -LRB- smaller -RRB- . The whole reason I ordered from Amazon is so that I could get a mug with my set of dishes . The department stores in my area all sell cups . Not too pleased with this !
 TWO BOWLS BROKE ON ARRIVAL . TO MUCH TROUBLE TO SEND THE WHOLE THING BACK . POORLY PACKED
 I have previously ordered a 16pc . set from Amazon last year and it shipped and arrived in perfect condition ! However , this year I went to order a set for my mom for Mother 's Day and when it arrived the dishes were damaged , scratched and defective . Thinking it was just a factory fluke we returned the dishes and exchanged them for another set . The second set arrived and we were disappointed to find that these too were damaged , scratched and defective . I love Fiesta , but they way these dishes are packaged and shipped was disgraceful . You 're better off to just buy them in the store and check them for yourself .
 The Fiesta 16 pice service for 4 dinnerware was more orange than Scarlet in color and the qualitity of dishes was cheap . Sent back , bought locall for half the price , scarlet -LRB- red -RRB- in color and of better qualitity !
 I have about an 8 place setting in the Fiesta already and was obtaining this for a Halloween party and it can be used with my other pieces during the year . I ordered this set and the first set had a bowl broken . I had to wrap up the old set and ship it back since you would not replace the one broken bowl . The second set came in with 3 pieces broken and I decided not to order anything breakable from you again . I did not try to return it since the first order also had broken items . Seems that you do not check the boxes since it was already marked as having broken items underneath your shipping label . Mega China has mailed and delivered Fiesta to me for years and I have never had a broken piece until you guys . Kari Britt
 This is a beautiful clock . The workmanship is superb , and it keeps perfect time . But one buys a ship 's bell clock expecting to ... hear the ship 's bells ! The bells on this clock are tinny , dull and can not be heard at all more than two feet away . I returned my first one thinking it was broken , but the second clock was no better . I contacted the manufacturer and was told that `` some people like softer bells . '' I returned the second clock too . I went on line seeking other reviews and found that every review noted that the bells were unsatisfactory . Sad .
 I bought this comforter in the King size . I originally wanted it because it was on sale for $ 20 . When it arrived I could n't believe how thin it was -LRB- maybe quarter of an inch thick -RRB- ! This will be ok if you 're looking for a thin comforter for `` off peak '' seasons but will definitely not do for winter -LRB- unless you live in Arizona or something -RRB- . Was definitely disappointed .
 Like the other reviews it is very lightweight , definately not for winter here in oregon . But it is working alright with the duvet cover we bought . Bad note
 bought the kettle about 6 months ago . It served me well and i really liked it only after those 6 months , the ON/OFF switch suddenly died !
 This brand new kettle - after having been cleaned , descaled with vinegar -LRB- at Proctor Silex 's suggestion -RRB- , filled with a solution of water and baking soda -LRB- at Proctor-Silex 's suggestion -RRB- reeks of a chemical , plastic smell , which it imparts to any water boiled in it.We 're returning it immediately . Feh .
 I bought this kettle in February 2006 . I liked everything about it until its automatic ON-OFF switch died recently - only two months after the purchase . Now the kettle wo n't turn on . It was n't abused in any way , and these kettles usually last for years and years . The last one of similar kind served me well for 12 years until it started to leak and was replaced with this spanking new Proctor Silex K4070.I wonder if my bad experience with this kettle was unique ? Has anyone else had one with a short-lived switch , or was I unlucky ?
 It 's too big ; if you fill it to capacity it 's difficult to lift with just one hand but then the handle is so large in itself that if you have small hands or even just average size hands of a fermale it is akward to hold ; then getting it back on its cradle is not easy if you do n't have it aimed just right to get it onto the plate .
 This is the second kettle we have purchased . The first lasted about 9 months and then quit working . The second died today at the ripe age of 7 months . Unit works great -- when it works . Hard to believe that you could produce something as simple as an immersion heater in a pot and have it go defective so quickly .
 tried , tried and retried but it would not automatically shut off and kept boiling endlessly . returned product . i 've owned many kettles . very disappointed . and my old one bit the dust , and they no longer carry it . . . bummed .
 I bought the utensil holder and the magnetic paper towel holder . I have a very small kitchen and was looking forward to using this . I put one plastic utensil on each hook and by the morning the rack had slid to the floor.Lame !
 Ok . . if I had read the reviews I would not have bought . I have a textured refrigerator and the things just keep sliding down , but only on 1 side . It does n't matter if I put something on them or leave them empty . So like the other reviewer this did n't work for me . I am going to try and purchase stronger magnets and see if I can fix them . I like the look and it 's what I wanted ... too bad they did n't work .
 Looks great . The construction seems good too . It is really a shame that two , empty cloth aprons drag it down to the floor . Otherwise I would love it .
 This set of magnetic hooks will not work on textured metal surfaces . I bought it to use on my Fridge -LRB- with a textured surface -RRB- and with any weight at all it just slides to the floor . I bought a set of individual `` rare earth '' magnet hooks that are 1/4 the size of the magnets on this thing and each of them will hold four-times the weight -LRB- for less than 1/3 the money for 8 hooks -RRB- . If you are looking to mount this on a smooth surface it MIGHT work , but I would n't take the chance if I were you .
 Did not fit in my condo chimney , nor did it fit in my parents house chimney . So had to return it after making a mess . A great idea but unfortunately , did n't work out for me : -LRB- Positive
 I bought 2 of these from the same seller . -LRB- Trading Post -RRB- It is not a good quality mink blanket . Because the original price was $ 89 ... I thought it would be desent quality . But , I was disappointed . Both of the blankets I purchased , had wavy edges . As if they were streatched or pulled . They are rich in color . They are not heavy mink blankets . I am a warm blooded person and do n't require a blanket to be real heavy . I do know my other mink are a much higher quality .
 cheap and poor quality , looks very thin . I think it is the way waste moneyI would not buy it again .
 Looks like it has been used ! I feel like it needs to be sterilized throughly before use ! You should replace it !
 Not even close ... to bisque ... called the rubbermaid company and they said people do n't use dish pans much any more so it should n't be close to the dish drain for comparison ... . then they said different plastics accept dyes differently so &#34; of course &#34; it wo n't match the color of the sink mats and the dish drain . I said it should n't be called bisque since it 's not even close so the company rep thought it was important to point out that it 's not a huge problem since no one uses dish pans any more only dishwashers . . !!!!!!!!!! Then proceeded to tell me AGAIN about plastics accepting dyes differently ... etc etc. ... I explained to miss air head that it was a dishpan sold for use in a double sink along with a dishdrain for a double sink and two sink mats for the double sink so they should all match in color ... again with blah blah blah So , I gave up . And I know rubbermaid wo n't loose sleep over it but for me it was a waste of money to purchase four items to have the one stand out like a sore thumb ... a WHITE sore thumb .
 I am sensitive to many chemicals and was horrified that my `` go to '' plastic kitchen maker now adds Microban to most products ... too bad ... I 've chosen their products for years ... since I had such an awful time finding a dish pan DEVOID of the now ubiquitous cocktail of additives I thought I 'd post my findings here ... STERILITE ... you can get them right here on Amazon and they say they add NO biocides , fungicides phthalates etc. . . `` General Sterilite Info -LRB- from their website -RRB- Q
 I bought 2 of these tubs for kitchen tasks . I looked VERY carefully at the product description to see if they contained `` microban '' , because I do not want poisons on/near my food/plates/kitchen utensils.The description does n't say that these are treated , but THEY ARE!Does anyone out there know where to get tubs like this that are not laced with unnessary chemicals ?
 Unsatisfied with this product . The oven does not come with any operating manual , it is too small to be a pizza oven , the timer was faulty , the heat element was off so things burned regularly and ... to return it costs 1/2 the purchase price ! Not a recommended pick .
 This thing is a piece of crap . It takes well over 25 minutes to cook a frozen pizza . The beauty of a Pizza Oven is that it cooks a pizza in about 10-12 minutes without pre-heating . Not this one ! You are better off using a traditional oven -LRB- it will be faster -RRB- . I recommend you look for a different brand , this pizza oven is no good .
 This did n't work . I gave it as a gift and was called and told that the pizza was still frozen after 10 min in the oven . Not happy that I now have to take time to return and find a different pizza oven now .
 I did not purchase this from Amazon but it was such a bad product , I wanted to warn everyone about it . The reviews here make it look fairly good and that was my reason for purchasing it . The oven I got was damaged right out of the box with a dent in the front . Decided I could live with that but when making the first pizza , the oven shut off and timer buzzed when it was still ticking and 12 minutes left to cook . So we tried re-setting the timer and could n't get it to heat up again . Waited awhile and tried a few more times and got it to work . This time the buzzer did not go off at all when it was done and the pizza came out completely burnt on one half and just thawed on the other . After inspecting the inside , noticed the heating element was crooked . Needless to say , we returned it the following day without any problems . I would avoid this brand at any cost . It is feather-lite construction and not worth the headache .
 These bags leaked and destroyed valuable items . Although a $ 300 pair of boots and many other items were destroyed , I might be able to salvage a few things . Does anyone know what I could use to remove the stains ? They remain wet and have a strong chemical odor . Please do n't buy these packets .
 Bought this to collect moisture in a safe , to protect valuables . It 's calcium chloride -LRB- road salt -RRB- and corrodes metal and ruins leather . The vapor created in the enclosed space ate through the safes paint as well as corroding other items . Read the label . The information is there , just not obvious . Lost a couple of firearms by not paying attention . Silica gel is safer and renewable .
 I live in Southern FL . Thought this would be an ideal product . Far from it . I had both small containers and `` large-room '' containers . Original product out of the box works fine . BUT ... and I followed the directions closely on the back of the refill boxes ... refills NEVER work the same . I tried several refills . All you get in the small canisters -LRB- that use the refills in a resealable plastic bag -RRB- after a day or two is a hard , brownish clumb of junk that does n't absorb anything . And in the `` large-room '' containers , the packets from the refill box turned into organish-gooey gel that dripped out of the container and all over the carpet and floor where I had them . It took me * several * hard scrubbings to get the thick , sticky gooey stuff off the tile floor , and many more to scrub it out of the carpet . Whatever is in this stuff you have to also scrub off your skin ; it causes irritation , and again , is just plain sticky ... it goes everywhere . If you use this product DO NOT LET IT DRIP ON THE FLOOR and wash your hands after using it !! I have since switched to rice ... more economical and doens ' t produce some messy , unhealthy substance . -LRB- I had concerns at the onset that it can ONLY be poured down the toilet . What does that say ? -RRB- I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 This wooden nutcracker ornament arrived broken . The hat was detached from the head . Additonally , the team name printed on the hat did not match the team uniform . -LRB- The hat had a B on it , but it was supposed to be a NY Mets ornament . -RRB- There was no receipt in the box or instructions for returning it . Additonally , the return address on the box was not the seller 's address . I had no way of returning the item
 I was very disappointed in this item . It looks more substantial than it was . I needed it to hold more place settings than it could hold . I wish they had mentioned how many place settings it was meant to hold .
 I ordered this product as a Christmas present for my daughter . When she opened the box , several of the plastic lids fell off , hit the floor and broke . I could not recommend the spice rack .
 I was really excited to get this product to organize my pantry and spices . When I opened the box multiple lids were cracked and broken . Pretty disappointing considering how much I paid . I tried to contact them to send replacement lids but I still have n't heard back from the company .
 There is nothing basket-like about this item . It is heavy , wooden , and suggested for a nursery ? Bcuz of the nursery theme , i thought . . outta work fine as a small bathroom , or bedside wastebasket . Wrong , wrong , wrong . It has sharp edges , and its very heavy , -LRB- i bought 2 -RRB- , to be so small . I stuck 'em in corners , and even the coloring is a tad bit garrish . Perhaps as a set , within the entire line , it works , but i 'd NEVER place in a childs room , cuz if they ever touch or fall over one , OMG!One more thing ... there is a big , white label stuck permanantly to the inside bottom of each one . You CAN NOT peel it off , and it looks awful when you are standing looking in . Therefore , you got ta put a bag , or something in there to hide that . Just a total waste for me . Oh well .
 Dont get me wrong the product that I did recive is great but it is not what was pictured
 I thought this would solve a lot of my pressing problems and save on dry cleaning bills . I was disappointed . There were multiple problems.The first road block was removing the water dispenser for filling . The area to pull out is only big enough for two fingers ; I could not get a good grip . It took a forceful tug to get it out.I never did get steam to come out of the holes . I tried priming with the pump handle to no avail.Pressing did leave puckers and wrinkles.Overall , it was an exasperating experience . I took it back to the store .
 This is a lot smaller than I thought it would be . If you are ironing a large shirt you have to push it into the `` storage area '' and pull it through after each press . It still leaves wrinkles and puckers . By the time you pull the rest of the shirt through it is sitting in your lap getting wrinkles again . Would not recommend . If I was smart I would have kept the box and would be taking it back . It is still very time consuming . I will stick with a regular iron .
 Based on a Consumer 's Report review , last year I purchased an inexpensive Proctor-Silex 4 slice toaster , which was as reviewed -- wonderful . I needed another such toaster and purchased the one for which these comments are directed -- it appears to have replaced the earlier base model . But this one is hardly as good as its predecessor.The sliding crumb trays have vanished as has the light that one can push to raise the toast before it automatically pops up . And it is not that easy to push the lever down again if the toast needs additional browning . It appears that the toaster needs to cool down a bit before the lever will stay down . And ... it takes longer to brown the bread.It is terrible .
 Worthless : Does n't even toast entire piece of bread as it 's to short and top 1.5 '' of bread stick out.Won ' t even take rye style piece.No cancel buttonCHEAP CHINA junk !
 i bought this toaster not on amazon , it lasted two months , one side only works . never buying ps agagin horrriibbble
 Well , I got this with a 50 % off coupon at a local store , so I got it for $ 13.50 . Still not worth it . This is the bare-bones of the bare-bones . There are no settings for anything other than the dials that go from ` why bother ' to ` burnt ' . This incredibly cheaply made toaster does not have a cancel button , and you must ` gently ' pull up on the lever to get the toast out . Nope . You have to really put some pressure under that lever to get it to eject , and then stand back . The first time I did it , it was like I was on Candid Camera . The toast popped up nearly a foot and a half above the toaster , bounced off of the counter onto the floor , and was enjoyed by a large dog.The toasting is uneven , at best , and nearly useless at worst ; most thicker or denser breads like homemade wheat , or sourdough will have to be toasted twice and watched carefully that second time through . When you eject it manually , you had better have a hand above the toast to save it from the dog.The innards look like they are tin and the heating coils are flimsy and thin . The case does not fit together property and just really looks cheap . We never did find the crumb trays unless they are underneath and need to be removed with a screw driver . We used it for less than a month before ordering a good one from Amazon , a nice 4-slice Kitchen Aid , which , like all Kitchen Aid appliances is superb.You get what you pay for , and if you are paying for junk , you 're getting it .
 I am very upsetting I just received this product and the box was damage there is no way I can give this a Christmas gift . Now I have to return it and I do n't know if I 'm going to receive another in time . I will never order again at this point . I mean I ca n't even contact anyone by phone . I 'm not sure how the product is but if it comes this way I do n't even want to know . There should be a customer service number to call .
 Product was difficult to operate . Had to hold down lever for an extended time in order for it to stay down and toast .
 I ordered the soup plate as shown ... which is more of a very shallow soup bowl . What I received was a saucer plate for a coffee cup . I was getting married and leaving for my honeymoon and did not have the opportunity to save the packaging and return it . Very dissappointed .
 I am sad to say that this was a total waste of money . It worked GREAT the first two time I used it , then the third time the non-stick coating began peeling off . What a shame , because it actually made great tortillas . . but you ca n't eat teflon .
 On the first day , there was no issues at all it was not sticking and I was able to get a desired roti . Then after ten usage it stopped working . I would never recommend this product to anybody.i would rate this to something more than to worst .
 do n't count on this to do the trick . I put the dough in , press down , and then it made this high pitched sqeeling noise . When I lifted it up , the tortilla was a crisp , dry , disc . Not only that , it would put a hole in the middle of the toritlla
 I received the wrong product and had to pay for it even though I returned it . They should never have sent a different product even though they did not have it in stock . I was not satisified with this order . Paying for something that I did not want or get in the first place is very dissatisfying .
 This was on the top of my Christmas list ... I was so verydisappointed . This tortilla baker does n't do much , and an inferior job of cooking them . I 'm going back to my regular skillet and gas stove . Also the instruction book has , like ,4 pages/2 recipes and not very useful .
 VENDOR ASSISTANCE WAS GREAT . QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT WAS TERRIBLE . HANDLE WOULD NOT STAY ON DUE TO SLOPPY TTHREADS , GRINDER PLATE WOULD NOT SEAT AND THE RETAINER RING WAS VERY DIFFICULT TO PUT ON . MEAT WAS TURNED TO MUSH . THE MANUFACTURER WAS LESS THAN HELPFUL WHEN CONTACTED BY EMAIL . IF YOU NEED A BOAT ANCHOR THIS WOULD BE A MARGIAL BUY .
 Buying this grinder was a complete waste of money & I would certainly not encourage anyone to buy one . It was of inferior quality metal because as soon as I tried securing the clamp to the worktop it snapped in half rendering it useless , -LRB- heavy in weight does not make it heavy duty in quality I 'm afraid -RRB- . The cost of returning it was higher than what the initial cost was so I just purchased a different one . There are grinders now that are electric , of better quality & of similar price making this one a poor decision to buy .
 While I liked the accessories -LRB- plates , knife , sausage tubes , table protector -RRB- , # 10 size and most other things about this grinder , the bad plating job on the auger and inside the main body killed any desire to use this brand of this product . The auger in particular was missing large chunks of plating right out of the box , -LRB- One the size of dime ! -RRB- The metal surface underneath -LRB- since you could see and feel it -RRB- did n't look or feel like cast iron either , but rather more like pot metal.I doubt the rest of the plating would have stayed on very well , and pieces of tin plating would likely have contaminated and ruined things . The threads on the ring were also shallow and I worry I would have cross-threaded it easily -LRB- probably bad casting on the ring , also mentioned in another review -RRB- , so I returned the whole thing.I had an antique # 10 grinder from an estate sale that was missing pieces , and I considered using pieces of this to build a complete grinder , but the bad plating , poor metal and bad ring threads sunk that idea.I found another # 10 grinder at a local -LRB- and online if you 're not in the Midwest -RRB- tool and hydraulics shop -LRB- of all places -RRB- on sale on Black Friday for about the same price as this , with the same nice accessories for about the same price . The plating and ring threads were much better than the Weston-branded one . I 'd recommend against Weston due to poor plating , ring casting and unknown base metal on some parts . -LRB- On the other hand , the accessories if bought separately are worth more than the cost of the grinder kit on Amazon - it only gets a 2 star because of this . -RRB- I 've now used the antique # 10 with the missing parts supplied from the new to make lots of ground meat and sausage . I like the size of this product for game meat processing . I recommend you either pay more for a better quality brand -LRB- or get lucky on a Black Friday or big sale -RRB- , or shop estate sales or Craig 's List for an antique that will last a long time and not contaminate things .
 Item had been previously opened and returned ... parts do not fit together ... front ring nut is cross-threaded . Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy !!!!! No replacement here ... we 're getting a refund !
 I purchased this grinder locally yesterday -LRB- not through amazon -RRB- for $ 39.99 . First I washed it thoroughly , looking for any stains or metal shavings . I began to grind some chicken , I noticed that the ground chicken had a gray tint to it with small metal shavings ! and it got worse as I kept `` grinding '' , I noticed a lentil size hard metal chip with sharp edges in the ground meat!what if I was grinding something of a dark color that made noticing the metal piece impossible ?? what if it had been consumed ? broken teeth would have been the best case scenario ! Since I had carefully washed the `` grinder '' and looked everywhere in it , the chip was n't just sitting in there , it must have shaved off then.I threw away the ground chicken , washed the grinder to return it . This morning I noticed rust all over the blade and front pieces , what a masterpiece .
 I am sorry to write this review . I have purchased many times with Amazon.com and I have never had any problems , but this time I had bad experience with this purchase.The meat grinder I received obviously was refurbished even the seller offered it as a new.The first time I tried to use it was a disaster for me . The knife did not cut at all ! I spent an hour trying to mince 2lbs meat . A day after I washed the grinder was covered with rust even the body that should be rust protected.I regret I spent money for nothing.Doing my future purchases I already have in mind to give my preferences to local shops having close orders .
 I called the number in the package for replacement at the grinder could by any means be opened . I am still waiting for a replacement .
 Information not clear that product MUST be bolted down to be of any use . Impossible to use without securing to work surface - tough if you have stone.Turned about 20 % of meat to mush.Really disappointing . Ca n't recommend for anyone .
 I had hoped this would be a replacement for my very ancient grinder . Something to use to help my daughter with processing the meat from her pig . Also to use to grind fresh beef cubes . No such luck . The grinder is poorly made and the front piece keeps falling off . And it is a screw on piece . Should have paid more attention to the reviews . Never did get to try the sausage stuffing parts .
 Upon recieveing grinder I looked it over and saw that the tinning was flash plated and not very well at that . I should have returned it at that time but I had a refrigerator full of venison that had to be ground so I started in.After about five pounds had been done I stopped to clean it and put it away for the night . The next morning I started to assemble it for some more grinding but the threads on the thumbscrew that hold the handle on were worn flat and would n't engage the female threads on the auger , which , when examined were also flattened out.I would n't reccomend this grinder to anyone and presume all Weston procucts are the same.I do n't think I 'll buy any more products froom Amazon either .
 Upon receiving this grinder I discovered a part missing ; should have two sized grinding hole attachments and only received one . Took me 5 days to receive a call back from the company to take care of my complaint . Was told the missing `` wheel '' would be sent to me . After several weeks I still have not received the part . Also the actual grining parts do not fit well . Would not recommend this to anyone . Am still waiting for the part .
 This meat grinder was not inspected very well if at all . There was extra material that hit the auger when you tried to use it , the handle had to be pounded on with a hammer because it was so tight . It ended up in the trash !!!
 It was broke when I got it I was so mad I bought this for my grandma and it was broke when it arrived to her house .
 The meat grinder is plated and the plating began flaking off when we tried to use it the first time . It was n't worth the trouble to return , so I pitched it .
 Upon receiving the package , the front ring nut was n't machined properly and it even had a hole in the side ; looks like a poor cast job . I called customer service and got a replacement . It also seems to fit better too.Okay , now onto using it . It grinds stuff fairly well , and there wo n't be any complaints here . However , after using it , I washed it , dried all of the components , reassembled it and put it back in the box for storage.The next time I used it , I noticed rust along all of the non-tinned parts . This includes the crank handle , the knife , the plate , the clamp screw , the thumbscrew . They should have made this from stainless steel instead of tin plating.No big deal , I just re-washed it and coated it with vegetable oil . Now , after having used it a few times , the tin plating has chipped off the plates , the auger and grinder body where they meet when spinning ; along the shaft as well as at the ends.I think it 's too late to return this now , and probably too much hassle . I would not recommend that anyone purchase this item . It looks like cheap overseas manufacturing with no quality control .
 WOW ! Defect after defect after defect ! I bought this after completely disregarding all the negative reviews . I 'm in the restaurant business and know that often times people misuse kitchen tools then mistake them for faulty products . Now , having written that , I AM A FOOL ! I read all I could about grinding and sausage making for 2 days before pulling this out of the box . Excited to get started , I washed it then tried to assemble it . 1st problem - the grind plate did not fit on the shaft . The shaft was slightly oval and the hole in the grind plate was perfectly round . I decided to try the other plate and it fit on just enough to assemble the entire unit . 2nd problem - I was screwing it to the counter and the small round part of the clamp that actually meets the underside of the counter - BROKE OFF ! I decided to screw it into the underside of the counter anyway . I situated my small cubes of nearly frozen beef and with crossed fingers and hopes high put them in the feeder , gave it a good 10 or 12 cranks then heard an awful grinding noise followed by a snap . Upon further investigation I found the meat that did actually make it out of the grind end was full of metal shavings and the grind plate -LRB- which is supposed to remain stationary -RRB- was spinning . Apparently the snap sound was the small pin that holds the plate in place . Upon dis-assemblage I noticed the other end of the round screw shaft -LRB- opposite the end which I wrote was oval earlier -RRB- that runs down the center of the unit was completely round but nested into a semi-oval opening . Shame on you Weston for wasting my time , money and meat !
 I ordered this from another site that showed a Porkert # 10 grinder but actually sent me a Weston # 10 grinder . What a horrible mistake ! The grinder is poorly tinned and I 'm not surprised others complained about pieces of metal in their meat -- casual inspection of the grinding plate shows loose flecks of metal just waiting to come off over time .
 This is NOT a Czech Porkert grinder , but a Chinese imitation . It is poorly made , with poor plating and rough machining . On the positive side , it actually does grind meat - but I had to sharpen the blades first .
 I wanted the grinder as pictured . However , I was mailed the Clamp down . Upon advising the vendor , I was e-mailed back stating that I should have been specific that I wanted the bolt down as shown on photo ... okay , whatever . To add to insult the grinder sent appeared to be a return or restock . I 'll have to try to get rid of it in a garage sale . . Weston 36-1001-W Deluxe H/D Manual Tinned Meat Grinder w / Deluxe Accs Kit -LRB- # 10 -RRB-
 My husband and I ordered the # 10 grinder to grind venison . We read the reviews and thought it would be good enough for the few times we 'd use it . As it turned out , it did n't work very well at all . It attached easily and seemed sturdy , but the grinding itself was horrible . We bought this grinder to replace a very old one and it took us twice as long as it did before to grind packages of venison.On the plus side , I returned the grinder to Amazon and received a full refund , which included shipping . While the grinder was n't good , we will continue to order from Amazon because of the quick and kind customer service . The packaging was also good .
 The item does not work due to improper design ... the meat comes out the top with metal peel in it ... What else can i say ?
 this product does not fit securely on the counter and certainly does not hold tight enough to grind meat . It was almost impossible to grind -LRB- maybe if I were a 300 football player I could have done it -RRB- . It also weighs a TON !!!
 The first time we used it , it broke . Could not get it to tighten down on any surface and when we finally did get it to hold tight and started to grind the meat it snapped into by the tight screw . Very disappointed !!!!!! Would not recommend it to anyone . I will be sending it back .
 I was lucky to be able to force the screw tight enough to get it to workPoor manufacturing and quality control
 i would n't recomend it , because it has poor quality workmanship , and it broke the first and only time i used it ...
 The wooden handle was broke and the cookie attachment did n't fit with it because the notch in the grider did not line up with it . We returned the item .
 I bought this with a Groupon from a restaurant supply store . Even with the Groupon , it cost more than this . My idea was to be certain there was no junk in my ground beef as I 'd grind up whole roasts . Not working out . First , the clamp wo n't open wide enough to fit on my counter . That was true of my old , butcher block counter top and now it 's also true of my new , concrete counters . Tonight I dragged the thing out as I only wanted to grind two small pork chops to add to ground beef for stuffed peppers . When it would n't clamp on , decided to try and just hold the stupid thing in my hand and grind , which did n't work at all . Worse yet , the piece with the holes that the meat comes through was rusted . After ONE previous use . Now , how do you get rust out of those tiny holes ? In addition , after balancing the grinder and turning the handle , the meat never came out . Granted , this solved the rust problem , but I had to open the grinder up and dig the meat out . I really hate this grinder and I did a little research before buying it . Do n't know if there is an inexpensive meat grinder worth having .
 The curtains are satiny , they are very lightweight - those are true . The full product description says `` Each square piece measures 84 by 84 inches ... '' . The actual fact is , EACH panel measures 42 x 84 . I purchased 2 pair for my 90yr Grandmother , whom is very dissapointed at this time . Because of the very misleading description , I must now purchase 2 more pair because they are so scimpy .
 Stain marks on new cutains , water stains ! Plus a large white spot with no color . I washed them according to directions , and the stains still remained as did the large white spot . To me they look like a `` return '' and they `` resold them as is '' to me . It 's sad . Wo n't purchase again .
 Poor construction . When washed , the edges drew up . Fabric too shiny and looked cheap .
 I have had this product for about 2 years . When you start to make a custom bag by sealing one end , it often does not seal the first time . When you add your items and begin to seal , you may find yourself standing over the machine for what feels like eternity trying to push hard enough for the seal to form . I have found that after using my machine , my wrists hurt from pushing down so hard to try to get a seal , and often , the seal is not complete and all of the air rushes back in . In addition , if there is any kind of liquid in the bag when the air is being sucked out , the liquid comes out with the air and pools inside the machine . This automatically shuts the sealer off and not only do you have to start all over again , but you also have a huge mess on your hands . When it works , it keeps meats fresh for months in the freezer . It is n't really worth the frustration though if you are looking to use it more than once in a blue moon .
 This POS goes into the garbage.I just made up 11 bags . To seal a single end it took between 48 - 53 seconds of pressing downwards with 25 - 30 pounds of pressure ... only to seal one single end on one single bag . Yes , I timed it.Does this product work ? yes technically speaking . Is it an awkward POS that sucks the joy out of whatever project you are working on ? Yes , technically speaking . I 'd avoid this one
 If you buy two of these racks and stack them you ca n't fit shoes on the bottom . The racks are very flimsy and overall quality is very poor . One of the pegs broke the first day I had it . I would not recommend to anyone .
 You really ca n't expect much if you 're not willing to pay for it , but overall I would have taken a pass on these if I 'd seen them in person up front . Basically you get two 5.5 `` x12 '' cedar blocks with three pre-drilled holes and then three slats which are about 1.5 '' x 1/2 '' with dowels on the end that fit into the pre-drilled holes . Basically a middle school shop student could make these without any problem.One of my slats came without the dowel and was not pre-drilled . It did n't come with any extra dowels so I had to improvise . The pieces were only mildly sanded and there was no sanding done at all to the exit side of the pre-drilled holes ... long splinters and a pretty unfinished look.On the other hand , it is made of cedar which smells great and is n't cheap ... but if you found a good deal on 1x cedar , you could easily make the equivalent product yourself .
 I bought two of these to stack and wish I had saved the receipt and box to return them . The space between the racks is very small . I can barely fit the shoes in them . The depth is also limited and does not fit adult sized shoes very well . The edges are sharp - my husband scratched his leg going around the corner . An almost useless product and way over priced !
 The frame is beautiful , simple and reasonably priced for Waterford , but it arrived scratched all over the front and I returned it immediately .
 Poorly designed . Will not hold 18 pair of men 's shoes plus the revolving trees will slide down the pole because of the weight of the shoes .
 We had high hopes for this but are disappointed . Even with all my male shoes on the bottom tier , it leans from side to side . Not very stable . We assembled it correctly and it ca n't be tightened anymore . It might be better filled with children shoes or light female shoes . Plus , I do n't like having to touch the bottom of my shoes to put them on the rack and take them off the rack , but that 's just a personal quirk .
 I purchase a product similar to this and it would not hold adult shoes as nice as it looks . Its ok for very lite shoes -LRB- kids -RRB- small shoes like toddlers ... It did n't hold my size 7.5 shoes and one side was slightley heavier one the one level it would wobble and fall over . Worked great for 3 year olds shoes , until she decided to break it ... . not the best product out there , i would n't buy it again ... would rather leave them in a pile on the floor , cause thats where they end up anyways .
 I ordered this shoe tree on Feb. 16 and it arrived promptly . Unfortunately , the `` trunk '' of the tree is made up of two parts -- a bottom pole and a top pole . I received 2 bottom poles and no top pole , so it can not be screwed together . I spoke with Stacey at customer service on Feb. 24 , and she assured me that the missing part would be sent right out . Did n't happen . I spoke with Stacey again on March 12 and she promised to go to the shipping department and make sure that it was sent right out . Today is March 19 and still no part . So more than one month later I still have nothing more than a useless pile of junk . Apparently all the top poles are being held captive in China .
 Edit
 we live in a small NYC apartment , so this shoe rack is great to store lots of shoes in a confined space . For the footprint , you will not get the amount of storage this little shoe tree gives you with normal shoe cupboard/rack etc. . It 's built with solid steel and has a heavy base plate . A couple of minor issues
 I received this product , was easy to assemble , Except that one of the shoe baskets was bent where center is attached to the support rod . Making all of the spokes bent at odd angles . The packaging was intact , and the box all appeared that it was originally from the manufacturer . Meaning that they have very poor quality control . WAS not due to the shipper ONTRAC that provided easy fast excellent service . In all I would NOT recommend to buy a product from this business unless you ARE NOT worried about quality .
 Hit or miss in terms of quality . The pieces did not assemble easily and the welded portion of the tree snapped apart during assembly . One of the three arms does not rotate at all . Be very careful with this one and look at others before you buy .
 This product is versatile and what I expected - However it did arrive from the vendor with a rusted out base . Rather than hassle with the vendor and pay to ship it back for an exchange ... we spray painted it to cover the rust . I figured it would be hiding in the closet and did n't need to look pretty - only not seep rust onto the carpet .
 The base is heavy because it is a black plastic disc filled with some type of liquid with a shiny metal cover . I ordered 2 Whitney 2131 18-pair shoe trees . Upon assembly I noticed that 1 item had rust spots on the inside of the metal cover and was sligthly rusted through the finish ! The other item 's metal cover also had rust spots on the inside but had not -LRB- yet -RRB- rusted through . I returned both shoe trees for a refund . Where is the quality ?
 This shoe rack has good intentions , but does n't live up to the expectations . When it arrived , I put it together , per instructions , noting not to tighten the plastic holders too tight of they would break , needless to say , they broke and had to call the company to order new ones . They arrived 3 weeks later -LRB- free of charge -RRB- . The replacements were gently placed on the shoe rack , but I 'm just waiting for them to pop off . So far , so good . If I had it to do over , I would choose something else .
 i thought this would be a great idea for maximizing my closet space . when you get the box its rather heavy and think its sturdy . it was a pain in the -LSB- ... -RSB- to put together . they give the tools -LRB- allen wrenches -RRB- and its awkward to screw the racks on the stem . the base is heavy but the stem is very very flimsy . having put it together and for lack of better storage i used it to store my sneakers and casual shoes . when filled its hard to spin and when you spin back you loosen the stem from the base . it is tipping to one side even though the stem is screwed in as tight as it can be , its a design flaw . a for effort in concept . f for quality . do n't waste your money .
 I bought these bookends for my Aunt for Christmas . They arrived in a cheap box that was crushed on one end . Also , one of the bookends had paint chipped off the bottom so I had to go out to AC Moore to buy paint to fix it myself . Bottom line - these look really cheap and the quality is poor .
 Coming from France , I was used to using drying racks and wanted to purchase one for items that can not go in the dryer - I was getting tired of decorating my house with hangers every time I did laundry.I did n't want to get a wood rack , but was unable to find a European style rack either , so I settled for this one . Well , this is proof that you should never settle.After just a few uses , the chrome finish has rubbed off from the tubes where they expand , resulting in rust stains on my clothing!I 've finally found European style racks - read powder - or plastic-coated - available for purchase in the US . They do cost a lot more than this rack , but at least I wo n't have to buy a whole new wardrobe as a result of using them .
 I bought this clock to put on our mantel however it is much too small for that purpose.The face cover is plastic and is loose on the clockPretty cheap construction for $ 80
 This thermometer reads 199 degrees in boiling water and 27 degrees in ice water . There does not seem to be any way to adjust it .
 Component Design PAT450 Waterproof Digital ThermometerThe thermometer does not work . I contacted CDN and have had no response . Very dissatisfied . Do you know how I might be able to get a replacement?Marsha McCoy
 We purchased this complete set since has a very attractive and colorful pattern . Unfortunately , the set suffers in two huge respects . First , the sizes of plates , bowls , etc. , are out of the ordinary . The plates are either too small , or too large and heavy . Older folks will have problems picking up the large dinner plate . Second , and more importantly , this collection is totally unmicrowaveable . No , they will not break , but they will heat up to above boiling temperature and immediately blister your skin if touched . If you need a dinner set that goes into the microwave , this certainly is not it.Overall , I give the set a 9 on looks , a 5 on usefulness , and a 2 on microwave compatibility . Please check this set out in person at a local store to evaluate for yourself before ordering just from pictures .
 I bought this less than a year ago as a replacement for the Noritake stoneware we received when my husband and I were married 18 years ago . The Noritake survived drops in a cast iron sink and two boys up to the ages of 10 and 13 before we lost enough pieces to breakage to require replacement.The Pfaltzgraff , on the other hand , had suffered two casualties before the end of the first week . 11 months later we 've lost roughly 25 % of the pieces to breakage , and at least half of the surviving pieces have nicks and chips . And it is n't because my boys have suddenly become careless - I 've broken at least as many pieces as they have . A 2-inch drop into an otherwise empty Corian sink resulted in the demise of two bowls . Simply tapping two pieces against each other loading the dishwasher is enough to chip something.We purchased the set because I really liked the pattern and the size of the coffee mugs , in particular . We still love the pattern and will likely continue using the mugs until they 've all broken - but the plates and bowls will need to be replaced much sooner.As other reviewers have mentioned , the pieces are very substantial and oversized . The dinner plate in this set is the same size as my Noritake platter - and the smaller salad plates are plenty big enough to use as dinner plates for all but the biggest eaters . I have no problems fitting either size of the plates in my dishwasher , but the bowls are a different story . Not only are they large , their odd size and shape makes it nearly impossible to fit more than a couple of them in the dishwasher at a time.All in all , I am completely disappointed with this set . I 'm only giving it two stars because of the pattern and coffee mugs .
 I have the napoli set and they are ... VERY POORLY MADE!DO NOT BUY!The bottom of these dishes are n't sealed so if they are n't completely dry they will begin to gather mold and smell . Had to throw these out after a year of use because of this .
 Buyer beware ! Beautiful to look at but you ca n't actually USE it ! Especially if you have kids . All are chipping . And Pfaltzgraff did n't stand behind this product for us . After a few months we called to complain and ask to exchange for another style , but we were basically told , `` Sorry , no exchange . Everybody knows stoneware chips , you should have selected a different material '' . Um , what ? That was n't on your product description . This junk chips when you put it in the dishwasher and it bumps against another plate ! So after barely a year , we will be throwing out a HUGE set that we purchased during a kitchen remodel . -LRB- Same review posted for 16-piece set . -RRB-
 I ordered this set on November 15,2007 . It is now December 30 , 2007 and it has not shipped yet . I now have an estimated ship date of January 25 , 2008 . Ships in 3-5 days my eye , more like 3-5 Months .
 I really liked the look of this dinnerware . I bought a ton of it , service for 12 and lots of completer pieces . It is all having to be replaced with something else . It chips worse than any dishes I have ever used .
 I purchased a few pieces of this pattern for my sister-in-law , who has about $ 1300 worth of it . I ca n't tell you how disgusted she is with it , as am I. ALL of the pieces I bought her have flaked apart - mostly because it 's ceramic and absorbs water , even from the dishwasher . Personally , I have owned Pfaltzgraff Yorktowne -LRB- made in America -RRB- , for 30 years and had no problems . It would chip if a piece fell on the tile floor , but that was about it . The Napoli , made in CHINA , is junk . It 's not stoneware , but ceramic -LRB- covered by their all-inclusive ` earthenware ' label -RRB- and it chips and flakes and cracks with no real wear . It has zero durability . ALL of their new patterns ... Sedona , Salsa , Villa Della Luna , etc. are just ceramic , which is cheap Chinese junk that has no durability - nothing like the higher-temperature-fired American stoneware the real company used to produce.For those who do n't know , Pfaltzgraff sold out to Lifetime Brands -LRB- who also owns KitchenAid and Revereware -RRB- in 2005 and moved all production overseas . The Chinese factories can not seem to make stoneware , and the quality went from top notch to bottom-of-the-barrel within 4 months.If you 're thinking of buying Pfaltzgraff , please do yourself a favor and either buy old patterns -LRB- pre-2005 -RRB- from ebay -LRB- all are marked with their country or origin -RRB- , or find something else like Fiestaware . All you will get with Pfaltzgraff today is overpriced garbage that will be ready for the trash can in a year .
 I placed an order in first few days of February 2008 for Napoli dishes -LRB- 48 pc -RRB- and it never listed as BACKORDER . Week after week Amazon continues to put my order on backorder . I 'm disgusted . Now they are telling me that the order will ship early May . I am sorry I wasted all this time waiting for these dishes when Pfaltzgraff would have shipped in two days ! GRRRR !!!! I 'm done with Amazon unless it costs me less than $ 20 !!!!! too bad . Now I know better . I 'm canceling my order . Unless you have a year to waste ... do n't buy it .
 The heating coil which was embedded in the bottom of the &#34; hot pot &#34; melted into the plastic while I was trying to heat water for tea . Fortunately , the fuse burned out before there was a fire . -LRB- This was the second time during the 2-week period that a fuse had burned out . -RRB- The pot is poorly -LRB- and dangerously -RRB- designed because it has an exposed heating coil , embedded in plastic , as the means to heat water . -LRB- Hopefully , it is only water that you try to heat . -RRB- I was always very careful to make sure that water covered the coil before plugging it into the 12 V outlet . But , in spite of all my care , I had the disaster described above . I looked down and discovered water on the floor of my van and no light coming from the pot . When I picked it up and looked inside , I discovered that the coil had completely melted the plastic bottom of the pot and had almost burned its way into the floor . Thankful , the fuse burned out before that happened.I would advise the company to not sell any more of this product because I can imagine a lawsuit happening.I still have the deformed vessel in my van in case Amazon wants to reimburse me for my loss . But it would not pay for me to pay the postage for return . Amazon always asks me to comment on my purchases , but it was silent about this item . I wonder why ?
 Maybe I misunderstood the function of the device but it shut off before the liquid got hot . It is appears to be very flimsy and would be difficult to keep clean if soup was the liquid of choice.I would return it if it was easier to do .
 as soon as I used it it broke , made very cheap amd not worth the money . fast return of product
 The Hot Pot heats the water pretty weel , but the cap do not close tight , and the hot water can spill out very easy . I only use once , because I need to make some teas , while working outside and sometimes is difficult to find hot water , but I will never use it again and if I had the possibility to return I could do it , but I do n't have the box and the packing list , anyways is not too expensive.I would like to know , before I bought it , this trouble with the cap .
 In preparation for a weeklong roadtrip with my son , I ordered this hotpot , planning to be able to warm up our coffee as we drove . Well there is a light that comes on when you plug in the pot , to let you know you have power , however the unit we received was defective . After about an hour of waiting for heat , I decided to see if it could be fixed . It is very easy to take apart . The leads for the heating element were loosely wrapped around the connectors , but not soldered . Having no tools with me in the car , I tried to reconnect the wires by hand , but could not get a good enough contact for it to heat . Final result
 This hot pot took about 30 minutes to bring water to a boil . I did n't mind the wait but it stopped working after 4 uses . The light would come on inside the unit so it was receiving power but it would no longer heat . Very disappointing .
 My husband is a truck driver and he likes to heat water for instant oatmeal for breakfast . I bought the Hot Pot for him and he thoroughly enjoyed it while it worked . It only lasted two weeks ! We were both disappointed.Roadpro 12V Hot Pot , 20 oz .
 Purchased this for very long road trip.First time used , it heated a pot of water after about 20 minutes , and blew my accessories outlet -LRB- cigarette lighter -RRB- fuse.Had to take time to locate an automotive shop , and thankfully the young man there found and replaced the appropriate fuse.I did n't chance it the rest of the trip.Was gone too long to return it.Destination
 The lights are on but no one is home ... The unit light works , but there was no heat coming from the coil . After letting it run for 15 minutes , the only thing that was hot was the connection to my lighter outlet.It is basically just an immersion coil housed in a plastic pot . The other part I do n't like is the lid is n't fully sealed . I found that out when trying to rinse it out before using it the first time . I filled it halfway with water , fully closed up the lid , shook it , and then had to wipe up water all over the floor and me .
 Was really excited to try this out ... but the excitement did n't last ! it barely heated a cup of water to luke warm ...
 The little hot pot reminds me of a toy , and has that made in China standard of quality that we all know and love.My little toy hot pot leaks at the bottom and does not heat consistently.Its my fault for buying it , because you always get what you pay for.LMAO .
 I hate giving poor reviews , but this thermos leaves alot to be desired . The first thing that I hate about it , is trying to clean it . There is a coil on the inside that collects the food that is being warmed . As the thermos warms the food , the food around the coil burns and cakes on the coil . Trying to wash this thermos is a nightmare . Water seeps in between the outer container and the inner container , leaving dirty , soapy water that does n't shake out easily . I finally threw ours away , because it was n't worth the time and effort .
 Seemed like a great idea for a road trip in Iceland.No directions in box.Tested it out before leaving.Pot leaked all over car.Returned for full refund .
 I work in a pickup truck all day long and I was tired of driving everywhere and getting nothing but bad coffee for $ 2.00 a cup . I decided that my instant coffee at home was much better than anything I was getting at in drive-thru 's out on the road . All I needed was something to heat up the bottled water in my truck and I could then make my own hot coffee . Well this seemed like a great product that would do exactly what I needed . . and it did just that for the first few days . Today though , I am in my truck and the hot pot was plugged into my cigarette lighter for about a half hour , so the water should be hot by now . I looked over on the passenger side where I left the hot pot and it had tilted over on its side . Water was slightly leaking out the top of the hot pot because the cap just sits on the top and does not secure onto the top.Anyway , there is an inner liner to this hot pot that does not go all the way to the very top , it stops about 3/4 of an inch from the top . I realized that when the hot pot tipped over , water seeped between the inner liner and the outer shell and got into where the heating element was . Needless to say , the water that seeped in there destroyed the hot pot and it doesnt work anymore . Hopefully when it dries out it will start working again , but I 'm not betting on it . Good thing it was only 10 dollars . . I would have rather had a better built one for 20 dollars that lasted longer though .
 I accidentally left the mug plugged in less than a minute after pouring out the water and smelt burning and then unplugged it immediately . The next time I tried to use it , the water leaked out right away and discovered the interior bottom of the mug was all melted around the heating element . When it did work , it took forever to boil 8oz of water . Get what you pay for I guess
 It took over 20 minutes to heat 12 ounces of water for a tiny little bodum of coffee . The lid does n't close watertight , and it snaps on and off , rather than screwing down , so be careful when you pop that cap off a pot of boiling water . There has to be a better device than this one . I did n't find it before this last camping trip , but I will be searching diligently between now and the next one . I 'm giving this hotpot two stars , because - eventually - I did get my cup of coffee . I ca n't give it more , because the thing takes too long , is n't safe , and would be hard to clean if I were going to ever use it again .
 First time I used this product was with chicken soup . Evidently , the soup sloshed around enough to go up and over the internal `` sealed '' chamber . Well , this chamber is not sealed on top . If liquid reaches within an inch or so of the top , it will leak down the sides and out of the bottom where the cord plugs in . If you were not moving at all , or using very thick liquids , this would probably work great . Do n't plan on driving around with it full of liquid .
 Do n't waste your time with this item . I bought it for a camping trip thinking it would save time boiling water on the camp fire or camping stove . After 15 minutes the water was n't even lukewarm . TOTAL WASTE OF TIME .
 Bought the Roadpro 12v hot pot . The 1st one I got did not work . Sent it back . the 2nd one barely worked . Took 20 min to get the water hot . Not worth it as a purchase . I would not recommend it . The only good points it has is it is compact & has 2 cups to use .
 The product should not be on the market . Mine leaked and it is impossible to properly clean . I put soup in it and the soup stuck to the heating element . I returned mine .
 From day one I filled up that thermos drove to work AND coffee was allover the the passenger floor , made my car stinks for few days , top of thermos and cover will leak , do n't recommend it !
 I am disappointed with this beautiful tablecloth because it has so much polyester in it that it slides all over the table ! When I ordered it the price was right and it is very beautiful . It washes out nicely and does not need ironing but with big kids around -LRB- my husband -RRB- it is just too slippery !
 The ad said oblong not oblong/rectangular so I was not happy.I wonted oblong . I will make it work somehow .
 This is the 2nd time I have tried to order the regular 60x104 inch tablecloth . They keep sending me the 60x104 inch OBLONG tablecloth.Can someone tell me how to actually get what I ordered ????
 Never receipt neither the order , nor the tablecloth nor the napkins . Very irresponsible the sr , blaming me to my of having misled the package . I demand my complete return of my money !!
 I thought that the quality was very poor with many flaws in the material ; also , not a true oval shape-corners are rounded , but ends are straight and not rounded ; should have returned , but did n't take the time
 Does NOT look like the picture in the advertisement . The print should look the same . It does not . I 've bought other clings that do and should look like the picture . Not impressed .
 Honestly there were about 2-3 uneven marks on the inside where you pour chocolate . This product does not have flawless molds on the inside to make that perfect dome for those of you who -LRB- like myself -RRB- absoloutly need it perfect . It seems as if they were made too fast in super large amounts .
 This is strange . I ordered two of these pillows in one order but they shipped separately . The first one is quite soft and comfortable . The second one I received is extremely overfilled and hard . In fact , after sleeping on my side I woke up with an aching ear from the pressure ! -LRB- I like firm pillows , but this is ridiculous ! -RRB- However , according to the labels on the pillows , they are precisely the same model . I guess this is consistent with other reviews
 This is the worst pillow I have ever owned ! When you wake-up with a severe neck ache , you know there is a problem . Sealy has such a good name and the reviews were excellent ... wish I had not purchased it ! Over-filled and hard .
 The egg wave can do a bunch of cool stuff , but I tossed it aside when I saw a $ 2.49 microwave omelette maker at Target . It 's much better for cooking eggs flat , for breakfast sandwiches . And it takes up far less space . Get the Egg Wave if you want scrambled eggs . Otherwise , get something else.Also , the handle is flimsy and useless . The packaging tells you not to put more than 2 egg waves in the microwave at the same time , so why would they sell you 4 , and a handle , too ? Go figure .
 We bought the Egg Wave as a way to make quick scrambled eggs , personalized with each picky eaters preference of add-ins . When making eggs scrambled in the Egg Wave , they oftentimes EGGGGSPLODDDDDE ! I still do it once in a while just for the pure joy it brings my kids , although I have to clean up all the mess afterward . To the cats and puppy go the spoils ! : o -RRB-
 not what expected very messy to use had to clean out the micro wave when used so will sell it on my next garage sale . .
 Stopped working after 2 months . Besides that , magnet is weak and small , so forget about pressing the buttons while still attached to any vertical metal surface .
 Worked perfectly for almost 2 years . Now it is silent . A timer without the noise is useless . It does have a 5 year warranty so I printed my invoice and I will mail the timer to them see what happens . Purchased January 2011 died November 2012 . I will update if I hear anything back from the manufacturer . Thank you to the person who posted the warranty information.UPDATE
 There seemed to be a reasonable number of positive reviews , so I took a chance and ordered one to send to a friend who needs the large digits to see the timer when not wearing her glasses . I was n't expecting it to be sturdily built or to last for decades , but I was expecting it to at least work out of the box . I sent her the timer without opening it , and when she got it , she told me it was completely DOA . Unresponsive to anything . Tried a fresh battery - no difference . It would end up costing more for her to mail it back to me in order to return it to Amazon than would be worthwhile . So I foolishly decided the dud timer was a fluke and ordered a second one , because I really liked the display & simple , functional design . This time , I tried it myself before giving it away , and sure enough , the second one was broken as well . It at least displayed numbers on the LCD panel and allowed a time to be set , but when I press the Start/Stop button , it counts down to zero and immediately starts counting up again . Odd . I suppose I can see why you might want that function at times , but as the unalterable default ? Good way to run down a battery , too , if you expect it to turn itself off after beeping , and do n't notice that it is an ADHD timer . And there 's the real rub - beeping
 I liked this little timer when I first got it . It has lasted me a whole 5 weeks . Wow ! What a quality product . -LRB- sarcasm ! -RRB- When you push the buttons to set the minutes or seconds , the timer goes crazy and counts up at a rapid rate that you ca n't stop . The start and stop button now only works about one out of 10 times . Do n't waste your money .
 I needed a small timer to help in baking cookies . It does the job okay . I have to take the batteries out after using it because it starts again . Guess I will save on batteriers .
 Alarm so anemic as to render the unit unfit for it 's purpose.Even in my shirt pocket it could be overlooked in a noisy environment.Too much trouble to return
 The only reason I bought this timer was because it was supposed to be loud , it is no louder than my old one , I have everything turned off in my place and I ca n't hear it from 7 feet away , so I am stuck with a silent alarm !
 This timer is junk . The back falls off constantly . I have to keep removing and replacing the batteries for it to work . Now it is stuck at 00 and wo n't clear . I 'm buying a new one and throwing this one in the trash .
 The design of the timer is beautiful , but if you can not hear it when the time is up , so what good is it !!! I can bearly hear it when I am next to it . Not Good !!! I would not buy another !!!
 All of the buttons get stuck and pressing `` M '' to increase the minutes , this thing starts counting up on its own . Start/Stop button also sticks and it does whatever it wants . It 's in the trash , do n't bother .
 I 've bought this product twice ; the item both times reaching the same end ... Upon replacing with new battery -LRB- as ` alarm-tone ' dimmed -RRB- , the digital readout screen went blank , never to return to it 's normal use!Each time it only lasted sev mos -LRB- light usage ! -RRB- ... While working , it 's an extremely versatile & convenient item -LRB- for
 Such a very quiet ding you must be right upon the item in order to hear it . No continous ring , just 1 ding . The end !
 After reading reviews in search of a timer that actually works -LRB- who would think it would be that difficult in this age of technological wonders to find a cheap one that lasts a while -RRB- I thought this was it . I was bitterly disappointed when I had to hold it up to my ear to hear the beep ! I 'm not hard of hearing and a reasonably sounding beep would have been quite acceptable . However , even my dog did n't pay any attention to this ! Other than that , it works fine .
 Started failing intermittently after a week ; took the battery out to reset it and it would work for a while ; failed completely after a month and a half.The Start/Stop button would not work ; you could not set the seconds ; it would take off and start increasing seconds very rapidly and you could not stop it ; clear function would not work.Features
 This timer is fine except it is not loud enough for me . I will miss the alarm most of the time . If a mouse farts while the alarm is going off , it will drown out the alarm . Other than that , its simple , decent magnet and nice size .
 My title says it
 I bought this primarily because it was advertised as LOUD ... at least loud enough to hear beyond the kitchen . The beep is inaudible if there is any other ambient sound -LRB- TV , music , traffic , even A/C -RRB- . My bedroom alarm clock is louder than this thing . Not very expensive , so not worth the bother of returning . The display and the count-up feature are nice , but what good is a kitchen timer you ca n't hear !
 I bought 3 of these and feel that the large digits , magnetized back , stand and rear eye hook are great design features .2 of the 3 have since malfunctioned in the past year I 've owned them . The first stopped issuing beeps after about 6 months of use so I could not be alerted whenever a countdown ended . The second unit 's display just blanked out after 8 months of use . The third one is still going strong.So while it 's a great little package , I 'm afraid I ca n't recommend this timer because of its reliability problems .
 I would not buy this product again.The buttons are touchy.It beeps loudly each time you touch a button when you set it.It only goes up to 90 minutes .
 I bought this timer specifically because of the description line `` Loud alarm can be heard in another part of the house '' . This timer is so quiet it 's impossible to hear from 5 feet away . My hearing is not great but it 's not that bad !
 I was happy with functionality , but after several month display started not displaying all digit parts . 0 was like 7 and after several weeks more it stop working at all .
 Would I order another one ? Nope , not even if someone else paid for it.Timer works , with an `` OK '' buzzer . It 's a pain to reset . Very sorry I bought this .
 Would n't buy this timer -LRB- CDN TM15 -RRB- again , no off switch . The only way to power off the timer is to remove the battery . Poor design .
 The first - and only time I used it , it worked great . When I tried to use it again , no matter what I did - no dice . I could not get it to come on . I did follow all directions . I even tried changing the battery - first thing I did . I would NOT recommend this timer to anyone . I then came back to Amazon.com and purchased the old fashioned timer that you just turn the handle to set time . The one with the long ring . To my happy surprise they came in colors so I bought one for myself and one for my best friend and now we are both very happy
 This is another piece of money-eating plastic - do n't buy it !! I should have gone with the Sunbeam model my mom has been using for 10 years.After just a few weeks of light , occasional use , the minute button has fallen out completely and ca n't be fixed . CDN
 Not easy to set timer . Alarm is not very loud.You can only set timer for one hour.Good point it has nice large numbers .
 I had bought an identical timer from Amazon a couple of years ago , so I thought I knew what I 'd be getting . WRONG . The newest one is almost inaudible . I had to return it.P.S . The packaging said `` Loud Alarm '' . Did they have a bad batch of timers ?
 I bought four of these timers.Now three weeks later , one of them has stopped working.It is locked up and confused . Removing and reinstalling the battery did not help .
 I bought this timer to use while student teaching in order to time my students for reading and math fluency . I was able to use this a total of 2 times before the numbers magically disappeared . For a couple more uses I was able to try and guess that I was putting in the correct amount of time before it started acting erratically . I wish I would have noticed the 30 + 1 Star reviews prior to buying this product . I will not buy this product again in the future !
 I loved the design of this timer ; it was so simple , both easy to use and to see . The alarm was also a good balance between being loud enough to hear but not ear piercing . I 'd had it for about a month when the magnet fell off . My husband was able to fix that , though it was disappointing that it happened so soon.Today , the timer simply died . It started turning itself off and on at random . I watched it for a while to make sure I was n't going crazy . It really did turn itself back on and would turn off when it was ready , not when I pushed the stop button . I placed the order on 18 January , so I 've had this timer for less than two months and the thing is ready for the trash heap ! We use timers often around the house , and this is by far the shortest lived one I 've had .
 There is no way to turn it off so in order to save the battery you will need to take it out after each usage and my timer keeps resetting back to 00:00 , soooo frustrating ! If I set it either to count-down or count-up it will go for a few minutes and then it just goes right back to the 00:00 , it is not reliable .
 I loved the timer at first , but I dropped it from waist height once and it broke . It no longer makes the beeping noise , and once the timer has hit zero , it starts counting down again and never stops . So sad because I was really excited about this timer .
 Pretty easy to break all I had to do was drop it once and the LCD screen broke . It was my clumsiness but not very durable .
 I was anxious to get this timer , because I needed a large number , loud timer as I am hard of hearing . Many of the reviews were critical of how loud this timer is . Well , even the folks at our house who can hear , complain you ca n't hear this unless you 're standing next to the stove ! If you 're in another room -- forget it.Also , it is advertised as being 3 way -- stand alone , clip on or magnetic to oven , none of which work . The clip does not work well at all , and in either the stand alone or attached to oven -- every time you go to push a button , the timer moves . It 's a two handed process , which we all know is wonderful when you 're cooking , with flour all over you . I NEVER use it.So , basically , I have an $ 11.00 digital clock right next to my oven 's digital clock . : -LRB-
 The timer kept going up and down with both set of the numbers superimposed over each other , which was a muddled mess . I felt the directions were not to clear as a tool for instruction . I am returning the item .
 To start , the on-off button is on a hair-trigger . I tend to carry the timer around with me because the alarm is not very loud . But no matter how carefully I try to handle it , I can not count the times I have accidentally turned it off . Equally numerous are the times I have accidentally turned it on , discovering later it has needlessly wasted its battery by counting as high as it can go.Further , the fact that it starts counting up when it has finished counting down may be useful to some . However this makes it very easy to confuse counting-down with counting-up
 With the accompanying battery installed , and with another test battery , I was completely unable to reset the display to 0 by pressing the M and S buttons simultaneously as per instructions . Returning for a refund . I like the design and big digits . Would it be foolish to reorder ?
 PRO
 The alarm is not loud at all , can hardly hear it.The alarm is not loud at all , can hardly hear it.The alarm is not loud at all , can hardly hear it .
 I used this three times , and then it stopped working . First the buttons stopped working , then it started beeping constantly . I would return it but I had already thrown away the packaging . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 Despite the large digits , this timer is extremely difficult to read because the background LCD display to create the numbers remains visible whatever number is being shown . For example , for example , if a number is 5 , it is hard to distingish it from an 8 becuase the vertical lines to the bottom left and top right still remain significantly visible . Would not purchase this product again .
 the magnet did n't stay on - i glued it 2ce until it fell of and broke - waste of money but besides that i loved it and wished they made a better one .
 Pros
 I have had timers that last years and take the abuse of a busy cook . This timer broke the first time it fell of the fridge . It should handle more then one crash .
 If all of these timers are made the same DO NOT BUY ONE . After 9 months of ownership the timer no longer recognizes the battery . I 'm about to take the timer apart to see if I can fix it somehow . Other than that , it is easy to read , the alarm is loud but not loud enough for the half-deaf , and it is easy to use . But as as far as longevity , at least for the one we received , PFFFFFT !
 The seconds display started dropping out after about 4 months -LRB- The 0 's started to look like 7 's . -RRB- It was still usable for the most part , but now at the 5-month mark , the seconds display has almost completely dropped out and it no longer keeps time . When I purchased it I did not realize that there is no on/off switch . I would not recommend this timer .
 This is a nice , large-displayed , very basic timer . The alert is sort of subdued , non-jarring , not loud as a klaxon , which may or may not be attractive to you . I had problems with my timer . It suddenly started malfunctioning and then stopped working altogether . I took it apart , and found a wire that had come unmoored from the circuit board . I 've seen some cheap circuit boards , but this one took the cake
 We bought 3 of these timers . Loved the simplicity and the large numbers.However , within 1-2 months all 3 timers broke.They all had very minimal use . The one used the most was used 3-4 times per day for 15 minutes.First some of the numbers `` disappeared '' so you had to guess what number it was , and then they would go `` crazy '' and do a fast countdown in triple time.Then they started beeping and could not be turned off without taking out the battery.Unfortuntely a real piece of junk .
 The display on the timer is bigger than most , but the sound leaves something to be desired . I wanted something loud so I could hear it from 15 feet away - this was not it . The timer is okay for when you have it next to you or 5 feet away , but not really so good when it 's further than that .
 This worked fine for a few weeks , then died . Unfortunately Amazon wo n't take it back as I 've had it over thirty days . It 's not worth dealing with the manufacturer for a $ 10 item , so to the trash it goes .
 I was hoping that this timer would be what I was looking for
 I purchased this for my 9 year old son for Christmas because he has set a goal for himself to read 30 minutes each night and this way he could time himself and know when he meets his goal . Unfortunately , the alarm does n't work . I am so disappointed and my son is too . If the alarm is n't working then he wo n't know when his time has been met without looking at the timer which will only distract him from his book . I checked the return policy and since I purchased it in October , it 's not returnable . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!
 Could not read numbers . Double images . Very blurry . It did count down , but hard to read even if just five inches from my eyes .
 As soon as we put the battery into the timer the backlit numbers on the screen lit up and were so dark that the timer numbers themselves were undecipherable . Returning the item . Do n't waste your time . It looks like the display photo without the batteries but not with them .
 I bought the timer specifically for the `` Loud alarm can be heard in another part of the house '' claim . I can barely hear it if I hold it up to my ear . I have other `` normal '' timers and had high hopes for a loud one . I am very disappointed . Very .
 The display did not work - a liquid mess of pixels.Threw it in the garbage 3 minutes after unpacking . Totally useless.Perhaps it was a faulty unit but I did not even bother returning it .
 This timer is not at all as loud as advertised . I returned the first one because I thought it was defective . The second one was exactly the same . I could not hear the alarm from more than a few feet away even though the kitchen was quiet . Thanks to Amazon 's fantastic return policy I received a full refund including postage for both returns . I am still shopping for a `` loud '' kitchen timer .
 There is no on / off switch on this timer . It will destroy batteries by the dozen . Avoid this product .
 The first one did not have a sound at all , called Amazon they sent a 2nd one Immediately , and I expected it would work , not exactly , a slight sound emerges but not loud enough to hear unless next to my ear , and I have good hearing , I can hear a truck pulling a grade about 2 miles from my home at night.I have burnt so many loaves of good homemade bread , by going to another room , a timer that gives me a warning is a necessity . I 'm disappointed but returning the second one.Now , to Target or Walmart to buy one that I can listen to before leaving the store.If you do n't want sound this might be just the ticket for you the price is right . But they make such an issue of the LOUD alarm in this description it 's only a ONE STAR in my book .
 I bought this one June 2011 and dead September 2012 . It was nice and big to handle . A magnet on the back is convenient.But dead so soon .
 loved it right out of the box , big CLEAR numbers , but the magnetic strip was not strong enough to hold on to fridge , therefore when closing fridge door , it fell and shattered to pieces . so much for that idea .
 This stop watch has a big screen , but no on/off switch , so you have to remove the battery to turn it off . It worked for a few days and then died for no apparent reason . I had to send it back . I would not recomment it at all .
 Can not hear sound when the timer goes off.If you are more then 5 feet away when thetimer goes off , you can not hear it .
 The timer functions OK , but the description is deceptive . This does NOT have a pocket clip as the description says , so if you 're buying it to carry around the house with you , it wo n't be very useful . I also agree with the others in that the lack of an `` off '' switch , without having to take out the battery , is rather annoying .
 I purchased this timer because I needed a loud tone . I found this specific item by googling `` loud kitchen timer '' . It arrived today . I installed the battery and tested it . What a disappointment . I could barely hear the alarm tone in a silent room with it sitting on the desk directly in front of me . If you move away from the kitchen while cooking , or even if you remain in the same room and run some water , or have any other background noise , you will never hear the wimpy bleating of this so called `` Loud and Long '' timer when it goes off . It seems to perform all other functions well enough , but be prepared for scorched pots and pans if you are depending on this to audibly notify you of a completed cooking time . I rated it a one due to badly misleading and false advertising .
 When the first thing in your ad is `` loud '' I think it 's reasonable to expect it to be loud . Wrong . I 'm hard of hearing so I 'm trying to buy a loud timer . If you 're like me , do n't buy this .
 I bought this timer primarily because it is advertised ashaving a `` loud alarm '' since I 'm hearing impaired ; I alsoliked the large numbers.I can barely hear it while in the same room . It is theweakest sounding timer alarm I have ever owned , and Iplan to return it.p.s . the large numbers are great , just ca n't hear it .
 Lasted 5 months and no longer works.Definitely will not buy another of this brand and may switch to old mechanical timer since electronic ones have a short life ,
 A small , simple timer should be easy to set and operate . This one is anything but ! Years ago I bought a Sunbeam battery-operated timer which is a breeze to use ; unfortunately , that model no longer seems available . I 'm still using my Sunbeam model after more than 15 years and hoped to get an additional one , but this was certainly not it .
 I just wanted an extra kitchen timer and this had good reviews , but mine is garbage . When I set the time the display sometimes disappears -LRB- like the battery is dead but they are new -RRB- then sometimes after I shut it off the display goes crazy and goes off on its own . It worked for about 4 months but now is useless . Typical crap from China
 I purchased this timer because it 's supposed to be ` loud ' - I have a two story home and my old alarm could be heard easily when I was upstairs . Not so with this one . It is not loud ... it also will beep for a short period of time then turns off ! I 'll use it , but maybe have to stick it in my pocket so I 'll be able to hear the alarm when it goes off ! My search continues !
 I purchased this timer because the description said that that alarm is long and LOUD . What a disappointment ! This is not loud at all . It 's not even as loud as the cheap timers I 've picked up at the dollar store . It 's going back today ... 5 minutes after opening the package . It is DEFINITELY NOT worth the money , although I do like the large numbers . You can see them from across the room , which is helpful when you are trying to do several things at once while you are cooking .
 I suspect that the reviewers who said this timer 's alarm was loud enough were less than 40 years old . For me , a 67-year-old , with the standard high-frequency hearing loss , not only was this alarm not NEARLY loud enough , but it is about the same frequency as my tinnitus ! Nice big buttons and read-out , but it is going back anyway .
 My husband purchased this timer for me . It is very easy to use and worked great for a short period of time . It only worked about 6 months before it started to become unreliable . I put a new battery in it and it still acts strange . It clears out when you are pressing minutes . It starts to count down before you are finished putting in the time . It only beeps a few times when the time is up , so you may not hear it if you stepped away for a second . I would not recommend this timer .
 This timer was totally dead in less than a month !!!!!! Do not buy this product !!!!! I tried every AAA battery out there and it was still a flat line !!!! I am so let down buy this product !!!!! ,
 This is a good standard basic timer that can be used in the kitchen and elsewhere , but for me , the timer buzzer is so soft that I ca n't hear it if I 'm not within a foot of the timer , and even then it 's very weak . So , it 's basically useless to me .
 I am disappointed with this beautiful tablecloth because it has so much polyester in it that it slides all over the table ! When I ordered it the price was right and it is very beautiful . It washes out nicely and does not need ironing but with big kids around -LRB- my husband -RRB- it is just too slippery !
 The ad said oblong not oblong/rectangular so I was not happy.I wonted oblong . I will make it work somehow .
 This is the 2nd time I have tried to order the regular 60x104 inch tablecloth . They keep sending me the 60x104 inch OBLONG tablecloth.Can someone tell me how to actually get what I ordered ????
 Never receipt neither the order , nor the tablecloth nor the napkins . Very irresponsible the sr , blaming me to my of having misled the package . I demand my complete return of my money !!
 I thought that the quality was very poor with many flaws in the material ; also , not a true oval shape-corners are rounded , but ends are straight and not rounded ; should have returned , but did n't take the time
 It does not work , once you get your vegtables in it and try to turn the handle it wo n't turn and the top comes off , what a waste .
 I do n't recommend this model . It only has two blades , compared to the kitchen Plus 2000 which has three blades and is more efficient . I 've had a Kitchen Plus 2000 for a few years and love it . I went to buy a second one and got this one , not realizing the blade difference . Oops . . my mistake . I 'm returning it and getting the better product .
 I purchased 6 of these in Sept of 2009 . The handle design has changed -LRB- from 2008 -RRB- and where the handle connects to the lid is now a weak point . out of the 6 that I purchased , 6 broke within the first day . I use these at work for `` Salsa Days '' and have 3 that we have used since 2008 that still work great . I would recommend against this brand as it is being sold right now ...
 I used it to make fresh salsa for most of the summer . The handle kept cracking more and more after every use until eventually the handle broke off.I will be looking for something a little strong next time I guess .
 I bought this expensive meat thermometer thinking that with the cost would come a quality item -LRB- you get what you pay for - not -RRB- . I used it for the first time while roasting the Thanksgiving Day turkey . Afterward , I washed it using warm water , some liquid detergent and my fingers . The lettering and numbers came right off . What a total disappointment.A meat thermometer is useless without the numbers indicating the temperature .
 Lighter seems sturdy and well made ; and , functions perfectly . However it is packaged differently than pictured ; and , comes without the described extra flints . Returned it to Amazon for refund .
 I wanted something that could ignite the gas flame on my stove . This does n't do it . No flints included as noted by a previous review .
 I am sure it works fine as an oven , but it really sucks as a toaster . There are only two heating wires on top and on bottom , which are at the very back and front . Because of the gigantic size of the unit , the elements end up too far from the item being toasted . The end result is that some items -LRB- tortillas for example -RRB- get baked -LRB- and totally dried out -RRB- , rather than toasted .
 This toaster oven makes the worst toast I have ever had . It dehydrates the bread without actually browning it , except for the one burnt edge I get on every piece of toast . I burn my hands every day because I have to flip the bread over to get remotely even `` toasting , '' i.e. so one side is n't totally dry and the other side soggy . I end up with a hard , dry piece of bread . The control knobs are very counterintuitive and hard to read . Works fine as an oven , but if you like toast , as I do , buy something else .
 2 toaster ovens were ordered . Both arrived on the same day . One is fine . The other was missing parts . Distributor arranged for FEDEX to pick up toaster oven in question with asurance that a new toaster oven would be shipped . I 'm still waiting to receive the 2nd toaster oven -LRB- one month after original delivery -RRB- ! `` What 's going on ???!!! ''
 Had this toaster oven for over a year . Was toasting a bagel today and the circuitry area caught on fire extremely quickly today . Bye bye toaster oven . The fire was visible inside the right hand side of the toaster , and quickly went out after I unplugged it . Trash .
 Part of the burning elements do not heat up causing most food to heat unevenly . The fan is quite loud and the product did not last a year.Would no recommend .
 This `` Bronze Happy Buddha 7in High '' would be a wonderful addition if it were n't for the fact that it is actually sold for $ 130 more than the listed price . I was disappointed at the lack of transparency and felt I 'd wasted my time .
 it was shipped in a flimsy paper poster holder that was totally shredded when it arrived . the poster was ruined . posters should be shipped in heavy duty poster containers . oh well , it was cheap .
 i liked the poster but was kinda disappointed with what it came in ... also i would have liked the poster to be not as thin as it was cause it could easily be ripped ... honestly i dont think i would buy another poster from here
 I 'm hoping that by writing this review someone will contact me , because i have paid for the poster but have not recieved it , , its probably going on 2 months now , , I would like to either be credited or
 Mine discolored on first use , and is now barely readable . How dumb is that , for an OVEN thermometer to discolor from heat ??? It looks like there was some liquid or something on the inside because the discoloration is splotchy , and I do n't otherwise know why steel would immediately discolor . It is now virtually impossible to read while in the oven -LRB- maybe that 's why they use the oil reservoir , so you have time to yank it out of your oven to actually read it -RRB- .
 I bought this thermometer because of the positive reviews I read on Amazon . It does give an accurate read on my ovens but it will not clip onto the racks in my Thermador ovens . I 've tried to bend the clip but it wo n't budge . I initially did the oven temperature readings by resting the thermometer on the oven racks but it is a nuisance to continue to do this so it remains in my kitchen drawer these days ... unused .
 bracket does not fit over the wire/racks . It is too small for even the interior mesh of the racks . Worthless .
 I was very disappointed with this product . The picture shows only F , but describes C also , which is fine.The problem is that the C in on the inside of the dial and F is on the outside which is under the rim of the thermometer.Were I to bother to read it anymore , I would have to get down on my knees with a flashlight , and this is with theoven door open . It does n't match my old thermometer in degree reading , so I still do n't know how hot my ovenis running .
 This thermometer does n't always display the heated temperature . I have to tap the rack on which it hangs in order to allow the needle to move up . Needless to say , when the oven is heated , this is a dangerous and frustrating additional step to get a good reading on the temp .
 I ordered these containers for pasta storage and unfortunately they are too short to store standard length pasta . Also , the description does not match the image .
 I have had this product shipped to me 3 times and all three times I have had to return it due to severe damage.I would be willing to put up with a nick here and a scratch there , but when the mirrors arrive shattered or the back wood cabinet is broken in two , there 's not much to do but send it back.In each case , the box appeared to be in fine condition from the outside , so I believe this to be a manufacturer 's problem - there are several shelves loose inside the box which may be contributing to the problem.All in all , I ca n't complain , since Amazon has gladly exchanged the product and then refunded the amount after the last attempt . But it 's not worth my time to wait for a special delivery of broken glass .
 I just received this product and the entire cabinet is broken in half and one of the mirrors is smashed . What kind of a company ships a fragile item like this without packing peanuts or bubble wrap . If it come in damaged again I will have to get it somewhere else . What an inconvenience . I am handicapped and can not run all over looking for things like this.Amazon , you need to make sure the people you do business with pack their items better than this .
 I already sent you one review on this - the item wood part is flimsy as heck - the mirrors are nice . The packaging is horrid -- all reviews I read by other customers reflected same arrived broken - some kept as we did and rebuilt cabinet part .
 . . and brand new ; I decided to give it a whirl.There was a little bit of leakage from the unit , but nothing unmanageable , and it did indeed make excellent espresso . Yes the metal cup -LRB- and plastic assembly -RRB- inside does get hot , but so do the parts from a `` regular '' espresso maker . A quick rinse in warm or cold water does the trick before fully disassembling . On my next attempt , I made the base tighter and voila ! No leakage . Except that it only makes one shot , this is a very neat gadget . I guess it 's too bad that it did n't catch on ... . Ok now that it 's been here awhile ... Pain in the patootie to use , and the espresso is really not very good . Now I 'm sure I know why it 's discontinued .
 I live in Florida and have had some heavy flooding this year that made it necessary for me to have new tiles placed throughout my home . To help me with the clean-up after remodeling my husband purchased a Bissell Flip-It to aid in cleaning the floors . This product was worthless . The dry vacuum side could n't even pick up leaves that my various workers tracked in my house . I had to pull out my old 1980 vintage Hoover electric floor sweeper to clean the floor . The spray mechanism on the wet side does n't put out enough cleaning fluid and does n't get close to the baseboards . In my bathrooms it is even worse for getting to the baseboards . Frankly I finally put the machine away and got out a mop and bucket . No doubt my floors were dirty after all the remodeling so attempting to return this machine could be a problem as the filter did get dirty but unfortunately the floor did n't get clean . Bissell always was a name that meant quality to me but this unit is a piece of garbage .
 I got the Flip-It , since it was cheeper than the Hoover Floor-Mate . That was a mistake . It requires just as much effort to get the floor passably clean as if you were scrubbing by hand . Using the brush , the water only dribbles out into streaks , making it hard to clean between the streaks without many passes . Using the pad , the water gets distributed better , but it leaves dirty water behind that the squeegee ca n't get.Because the unit is light weight -LRB- which you would expect to be easy on your back -RRB- , and does n't have moving brushes , it takes a lot more effort to clean because you have to push the unit down and manually scrub the floor . Might as well use a scrub brush on a stick for that.Also , vacuuming only picks up the finest particles . The suction is so wimpy , it does n't pick up slightly heavier items . The discharge for the air is also towards the front of the machine , aimed at the floor . Not exactly helpful for picking up dust bunnies.I returned it and got a Hoover Floor Mate . So far I 've only vacuumed with the Hoover , but it has real suction and works 10x better for vacuuming . I wish I had n't bought the Bissell , because then I had to go to Best Buy on the day after Christmas to return it .
 I was fed up mopping my tile floors - mopping being largely ineffective as essentially you are pushing dirty water around , and I found myself buying replacement mop heads every two weeks or so , for the cost I felt this would be a better deal!Thankfully I got it at a lower price ... it worked really well at first - my tile was cleaner and brighter - add to which the container of water that I poured away after each clean told me this was doing its job!The vacuum part was largely useless - but I always vacuum before mopping the tile anyways , and having a Dyson - I did not need a back up vacuum so I was okay with this but if you need the dual function - note this blows out air as opposed to takes anything in!Things were going fine ... for about 8 weeks and then I noticed it was not doing its job - the water was simply not making it to the mophead . I had been religious about cleaning the whole thing after each use and read over the intructions carefully ... but it simply stopped functioning correctly!Add to which another concern is the lack of local availability of replacement products - solution and mop heads - our local store put this on sale and did not replace it or its supplies so I am not sure if long term its a good bet !! Suffice to say , we were not impressed ... we have now decided that bissell is not for us as we have not found a bissell product that works as well as its competitor
 I really like the dry vac part of the Flip It . I have a lot of hardwood flooring and the wet `` mopping '' function does n't seem to be built to handle a lot of space . It is not easy to push , so it takes a lot of physical energy to get the job done , particularly since the mop head is so small which means lots of going back and forth . Also the cord is short so there is a lot of stopping to find a new outlet . But what did I expect for this price ? The other problem is that I have been unable to find a local store that carries that wood floor cleaner although I see it can be bought through Amazon . I 'd opt for an upgraded version of the Flip It , if there is one .
 I bought this product after it was recommended to me . Well the first time it worked OK . It does not pickup dirt with the dry side as well as I thought it would . I tried the wet pick-up with the supplied brush installed . This works OK - cleans dirty step marks OK after a couple of tries over the area . It would not pickup any of the water . Sometimes ONLY if you go backwards - moving forward , after the brush has been already saturated with water/solution , leaves a wet streak even if you no longer push the spray trigger . I had to buy a mop to go over the wet areas . It would leave very dirty streaks . I cleaned every removal part and non-removal to make sure it was not clogged . This did not help at all.I was so dissatisfied with this product that it has been sitting in my closet now for almost 1 year . Ready to just get rid of it now . If the brush rolled and if the vacuum would pickup the water like it should that might help . It was a waste of money and my time cleaning . I would never recommend this product . I forgot to mention that I have white ceramic tile .
 I am not impressed with this mop . A lot of water comes out at one time and soaks the floor . It leaves puddles of water all over . The vacuum part works good . Its light weight and easy to use . I would not buy this product again .
 I returned this machine 2 hours after buying it . It 's hard to push back and forth , you ca n't scrub really dirty spots very well , drips dirty water on the floor as you move it around , is noisy , runs out of water quickly , does n't dispense clean water on the floor very well , and does n't suck up water very well .
 This product did a better job on my floor then the mops I was using . I was having trouble getting my floors clean and leaving a shin due to the salt that was being dragged in from outside . What I did not like about it was that it is harder to use . I am in my 60 's and it did wear me out after doing the large floor , plus I had to be very careful about how I did it so it would 's leave steaks . Which a lot of the times it did .
 This is basically a sponge with a water tank on top of it . You push the sponge around on the floor , and it does manage to squeegee most of the dirt to the end of the run . I think the vacuum is on the product to primarily make a `` vroooom '' sound , so you think you have a machine helping you do the work . I can observe no actual vacuum function being performed.You ca n't get a working wet/dry vac for $ 65 . This is just a cheap knock-off .
 The only thing I asked for Christmas was for the Bissell Flip It . We searched all over town and I finally found it at Best Buy for $ 93.99 . I was so excited to get it home and try it out . Unfortunately , the thing leaked fluid all over my floor and it blew the dirt away from the machine instead of vacuuming it up . I was so disappointed , I had my husband return it to the store the next day ! Needless to say I was without present on Christmas .
 I was so excited to finally get the bucks to buy one of these gadjets . I run a daycare so mopping daily is a necessity ! I thought this was an answered prayer . I should 've went with Mom 's advice and purchased the Hoover !!! Having already owned a Bissell vaccuum , and being extremely happy with that particular purchase , I thought I was making a wise decision in choosing the Bissell FlipIt over the Hoover Floor Mate . What a let down ! It does clean well , if you want to take the whole day cleaning the floor ! I could mop the old fashioned way much faster . I was so sure I was doing something wrong that I called the 800 # to speak with a rep. After I answered his many questions - I finally asked him one . Is it SUPPOSED to work this way ? , I asked . `` There will be some resistance '' was the reply . That 's all I needed to know , I said.This baby 's going back !
 I purchased this product to make cleaning my laminate floors easier . No such luck . It was so hard to push when trying to soak the floor and then suck it back up . It 's as if there was actually too much suction and I could n't actually move the machine ! I 'm not some feeble woman either . I used it about 3-4 times and I found it to be so much more cumbersome than a regular old mop and bucket so I returned it . The product was so bad that I have been super resistant to buying any other type of bare floor cleaner . I 've finally broken down and ordered a Shark Steam Pocket Mop after reading enough recommendations for it and having a personal friend who actually has experience with it . I 'll review that after it arrives.I would absolutely not recommend the Bissell flip it to anyone who wants a product that will make their life `` easier '' . It was a pain to move , a pain to clean and I did n't think it left my floor any cleaner than a mop and bucket .
 When I first received this I was so excited about the wet floor cleaning function of this machine . However it took a few times of it being too heavy to push and I lost interest . I hardly use it anymore to clean . I went back to the broom and the mop .
 I , too was excited to use my Bissell-Flip it after I received it as a Christmas present . All I have to say is that the people at Bissell must have been very eager to get a competing product out this Christmas season to match the Floormate . They should have waited . The dry side worked okay , but I had vacuumed with my Hoover upright a few hours before , so there was n't much there . I wanted this thing more for the wet side , as I do n't like how the Swiffer wet mop makes my Pergo floor look . Anyway , I could n't get the water to even flow at first ! After some tinkering , it started , but then it was pretty hard to push forward against the squeegee . Then the silly cloth pad got wet so one can only work backwards . After five minutes , I was so sick of water from the tank driping on my foot , fighting the squeegee and dealing with the LARGE amount of water that came out when the trigger was squeezed that I decided it was going back to Sears . I 'm certainly going to look at reviews before I buy -LRB- or ask for -RRB- a product like this again !
 I have to say I was excited to buy this vaccuum . The idea of vaccuuming and mopping in one unit made me thrilled . I have twin toddlers who are 21/2 years old - so convenience is HUGE to me !! I was pretty dissapointed with the dry vaccuum did not pick up well at all - so what is the point ???? Now I still have to use the broom before I mop . ALso the fluid goes very quickly . I am in search of another unit ! Save your money and mostly aggravation !
 Tried this product only twice and returned it for Hoover H3010 plus spinscrub . Bissell was difficult to use . Had to repeatedly go over same area with cleaner and would dry up to soon to effectively clean some spots . Had hard time pushing and pulling to squeegie dry floor . Have a bad back and neck . Was really aggravated with performance . Maintenance was easy . Tried the Hoover and like it better .
 I bought my flip it just over a month ago and have since resorted to sweeping and scrubbing my floors the old fashioned way . The vacuum does not pick up anything - even the stuff that does n't get blown away . I have just been trying to do my bathroom and AFTER having swept up most of the hair and dust with my swiffer , there is only small particles left but it wo n't even pick that up . When I try to use the dry vacuum on my hardwood floors it just blows around the dust . The only positive I can see is that I can use this to find the dust bunnies under the furniture ! The wet vacuum might work better but you still have to change out the filter every time or you end up with dirty puddles . Overall I am very discouraged about this product and ca n't even get my money back because it 's been used ! I feel bad even trying to sell it in a garage sale . I bought it because I thought the two-in-one feature would save me time - now I wish I 'd just gotten the two separate units . Save yourself a huge headache and frustration -LRB- and some money -RRB- and do n't buy this product !
 Pros
 I was so excited to buy this because my whole house is hard wood floor . Waste of money ! , I have 2 cats and all it does is blow the air around . If you have pets its a waste of money . The mop side works just ok , it would be better to just buy a vacume for hard wood floor .
 I received this flip it for christmas after I asked my parents for a hoover brand . At first , I thought it was great but then it gets clogged up very easily and the stuff it doesnt pick up gets blown all over . I have a toddler that drops food and a dog that sheds so I thought I would love this for my WHITE -LRB- shows every little mark -RRB- kitchen floor & My hardwood floors in the rest of the house . I wouldnt recommend this item . Theres tooo many flaws.Just imagine trying to clean out the clogged mess ... not a pretty or well smelling sight :-LRB- Sorry Bissell , Try Again .
 I got this as a christmas present . I have been so disspointed with it ever since I first used it . I decided to keep it and give it a try , and have not had any luck since . It leaves streaks of water no matter how many times you go over a spot . Mine will switch the motor automatically to the wet motor and stop sucking while on the vaccum side , over and over again . I was re-reading the directions to see if I was doing anything wrong and read that the cord contains lead . This was disturbing since I have two young childre and they are constantly touching the cords of items like this while I am cleaning . If I would have seen that on the outside of the box I would never have bought it . I am going to return it and get a hoover floormate . All of my hoovers -LRB- vaccum and carpet steamer -RRB- say nothing about having lead in the cord and all work much better than any bissel I have ever owned .
 I ca n't believe how excited I was to purchase this vacuum only to be disappointed . The vacuum had no suction ... my daughters Barbie vacuum works better . The wet portion of this machine is not any better ... definitely not dry ready to walk on . The only good thing about this machine is that I it was easy to take apart and return to the store !!!
 The Bissell Flip It is completely useless ... . I was excited to use it and clean my laminate floors after the holiday mess ... . What a Waste of Time and $ $ $ $ It just blew the dust bunnies and crumbs around and under furniture . The removable compartment does n't fit well and the air actually blows out of there instead of moving down to the suction part . It must be some sort of defect . Then the wet part , the genius part of this machine is supposed to be that it cleans and dries the floor with the back and forth motion . Yes , it does that , until you have to go forward again and leaves a wet trail over the dry section ! Plus it leaves wet lines after you use it a while!It is going back tomorrow !!!! I rather use swifter !!
 I have to agree with the reviews that tell you to stay away from this product . I also bought this cleaner because I have several dogs and tile floors . I thought it would be so much easier and cleaner than mopping . My first use I was not impressed at the suction , but thought for the price it was fair . After using the vacuum a few more times the unit lost most of its power . At first it was the dry pick up that would n't even pick up a few pieces of dog hair . Do n't even try to pick up anything heavier than that , it was useless . Then with time the wet pick up failed to work . What I ended up with was dirty water being pushed around my floor . If the unit did manage to pick up any water it would quickly flood back out as soon as the power was shut off leaving you with a puddle of dirt and muck !! I will be returning this unit and buying the hoover floor mate as a replacement . I have owned a floor mate previously , used it daily for almost two years and finally managed to burn out the motor in it . I have to say , even at that , it was a WONDERFUL unit . Picked up dry items like a carpet vac and scrubbed my floors beautifully . This will teach me to try and save a few dollars . You get what you pay for !!
 I have hard floor throughout the entire house both ceramic tile and Laminate wood . I got rid of carpet because it is filthier . I also have two dogs that bring dirt in and out between slight shedding . I have learned about this Unit , and gave it a try . Well , BIG DISAPPOINTMENT . First of all , the unit is too small . You have to go back 'n force over and over between trash bag , refilling to machine between cleaning which gets old fast . Then , it does not clean as good . For 12 x 12 Ceramic tile , you would have to go over and over the area before you can move on . I found it MUCH easier and LESS expensive to just sweep or vacuum with a regular vacuum machine , and then use mop to clean the floor . It gives BETTER result in no time ~ !! DO not wast your time and money into cheap GADGET like this one , or Floor Mate , the worse . Do not get the lazy idea , just do it physically can actually save you a lot of trouble . I am taking it back .
 I bought the Flip it the day it came out before any reviews had been posted on this item and boy am I sorry . I looked everywhere for the floor cleaner and finally had to call Bissell to have some sent as it was not available anywhere.I just received the cleaner and could not wait to try the Flip It out . It could not have been easier to assemble -LRB- just screw in the handle and you are ready to roll -RRB- but the instructions were pitiful as it did not really explain how to use the product nor how to insert the soft mop -LRB- this was only difficult as I did not see the insert in the package when I first took it out of the box -RRB- . I began by using the vacuum function but it just blew the dirt , dust and pet hair around the room . The suction was beyond terrible as I had to go back and forth over objects numerous times and even then it did not have the suction to pick things up.When I used the wet function I was even more disappointed . The machine was heavy to push and pull and made a lot of noise - squeaking and so forth . The floor was still wet and the machine leaked dirty water back onto the floor when it was standing still . The wheels also left marks on the floor after having to run it back and forth over the still wet sections of the floor . The Flip It was also unable to clean the scuff marks off of the floor - things that my Swiffer Wet Jet easily removed . Once I was finished using the machine and was storing it upright as Bissell said it should be stored , it again leaked water/cleaning solution.I was sure I had a lemon and was planning to exchange it but after reading the reviews here I think the machine is seriously flawed . I called Bissell and the only thing they had to suggest was to take it to a repair place - this after the item is BRAND NEW ! I am planning to return this and buy another Swiffer Wet Jet . I have numerous Bissell products and ca n't believe that they would bring such a defective product to market unless it was rushed to consumers early to compete with a competitors product and they are planning to bring out an updated model soon.This Flip It is a great idea but not ready for prime time yet . I give this product a BIG thumbs down .
 Very disappointing . My machine leaked after I filled the tank -LRB- others have had this same problem -RRB- . The dry vac function does n't work very well , and , frankly , neither does the wet function . It does n't even work as well as my swifter . I was looking for something to help with scuff marks , etc , but this performs quite poorly .
 I have never thought that Bissell made a quality product so I 'm not sure what lured me to purchase this lemon . I guess because it was on sale at Target and I had just moved into a house with white , brick flooring . -LRB- 1st mistake ! : -RRB- This is a terrible product . It does n't work . Period . There is nothing good to say about it . A mop and a bucket does a better job and is faster .
 I have a large eat in kitchen with hard wood floors . I bought this product thinking it would make my cleaning so much easier but I was wrong ! Not only does it leave dirty `` puddles '' on the floor if you stop moving it for a second but if you do n't change the cleaning pad on the bottom every couple of minutes , just end up spreading more dirt than cleaning it . After using in a few times , I gave up when all it did was leave puddles and streaks of dirty water . Not worth it ! Stick to your swifer !!
 This is the biggest piece of crap I have ever had the misfortune of owning . The suction is terrible - it actually pushes a line of dirt out ahead of the machine that you can never fully clean . The dirt tank come apart easily so when you go to empty it - it often comes apart in your hands and all spills back all over the floor so you can have the pleasure of re-cleaning it all again!This vacuum was so bad that , rather than take it back , I felt that it was more appropriate to smash it into the ground and then throw it in the trashcan outside so no one would ever have to deal with it again . I would actually be a worse person for taking it back on the off chance that someone else would end up with one it again . Amazing that it is still on the market.Horrible , horrible , horrible vacuum . You would be better off with a squirt bottle and a dirty mop.Do no buy this product . You will regret it .
 I have had this product for about a year but do n't use it all that often because the vacuum side is n't all that good and for the small floor area that I have , I usually find it quicker to just use a dust mop and then mop . However , I drag it out every so often and tonite , immediately after I plugged it in , the motor made a funny sound and then started smoking - enough to set my smoke detector off . I emptied the detergent area , wrapped up the cord , and put it in the trash bin outside . I do n't believe that I will be buy anything like this again .
 I just got a portion of my house tiled aside from what was already tiled . I HATE to mop , hate it with a passion ! So I figured this product would be a Godsend ! Boy could n't I have been any more wrong!My friend has this exact model , I asked her if I could borrow it before I borrowed it . She told me that I would hate it , but brought it over anyway . Now I understand why none of our local stores -LRB- Target , Walmart , etc. -RRB- do n't carry any of the Bissell flip it models , it 's a POS !!! Like a previous poster said , it pushes lint , dust and hair away , but at least it rolls smoothly over the tile and eventually picks it up once you have it against a wall . Now the dry side , my arm is numb from pushing this around , I can barely type this . It was so hard to push and pull it and this is tile , one would think it would glide across . I did n't think I was going to be able to finish up the job.As much as I hate mopping , at least I 'm not drenched in sweat along with a numb arm when I 'm finished mopping . I might try the Hoover Hard floor cleaner . At least I can thank my lucky stars that I did not waste my money on this horrible product!I gave it 2 stars because the dirty water did come out black , so I guess it at least cleaned , it was just way harder than it had to be .
 I have always associated the name `` Bissell '' with quality -- but the Bissell 5200Z Flip-it Hard Floor Vacuum Cleaner is a worthless piece of junk ! 1 -RRB- The motor has virtually no sunction . -LRB- I can go over the same floor area and pick up additional dust and debris using my dust mop , broom , or Swivel Sweeper . -RRB- 2 -RRB- It 's not easy to maneuver around furniture or corners .3 -RRB- It 's noisy .4 -RRB- The filter becomes easily clogged . I usually have to stop after each room and clean it .5 -RRB- It can not be used to vacuum under furniture or to pick up lint on lightweight throw rugs -LRB- see No. 8 for the reason -RRB- .6 -RRB- It easily falls over if you do not stand it up just right .7 -RRB- The brush does not rotate .8 -RRB- The squeege -LRB- on the wet side -RRB- interferes with the back and forth movement while dry vacuuming .9 -RRB- It 's as heavy as my Orek.The only positive
 I was very unhappy with this product . The suction for the dry vacuum was very weak . The air blowing out the side of the vacuum actually blew the dirt away before I could vacuum it up . The wet vac left streaks and did not dry the floor . The cord got in the way while using it . It is actually less time consuming using my regular vacuum and then mopping . Although it is a small vacuum , it was bulky and difficult to use .
 which is a big problem if it 's a vacuum cleaner . The first time I used it was to clean up after a haircut . It would have been easier to use a broom and dustpan.Steer clear of this one .
 I was very excited to get this product but I have returned it because it does n't do the job . On the tv commercial it shows a woman effortlessly swiffing it around the floor , but in reality it is really hard to push when it is washing . My shoulder ached after doing one small room , it would have been easier with swiffer mop . I think they have used false advertising for this product .
 Do not purchase this item if you own pets . The wet cleaner works great however when I vacuum , all the pet hair clogs in the filter . I called the company thinking I got a bad unit since I own 4 other Bissell products and have always had good luck with them . After 2 calls , many minutes on the phone , and the usual questions of '' did you do this '' and `` did you do that '' , I was finally informed that this product wo n't handle pet hair and that it will always clog the filter rather than going into the `` dirty tank '' . I did not see this any place in the information on the product stating pet hair would be a problem . Of course they tried to tell me about all the other cool products Bissell sells and that I might want to purchase one of them . -LRB- do n't think so -RRB- I am very disappointed since I thoughtI found the perfect unit for my situation . I wo n't purchase any other Bissell product in the future since I consider this unit a rip off which they make sound better than it is and when they know there are limitations on its use . Again , pet owners BEWARE . This is NOT the unit you want !!!!
 I bought this one about a year ago ... wish I had waited . I hate doing the floors and have numerous products it hopes of making that job easier . It 's too heavy .
 I returned it because there was no heater on it ... and would nt have kept it because the cleaning surface is way too small
 Streaks and very uneven cleaning . Can not get uniform wetting . I am very disappointed and have gone back to using a mop .
 I was so excited to see this product and quite frankly I am very dissapointed.First off , the dry vacume side seems to pick up dust and hair but anything of any density or size it just drags across the floor underneath until you realize it is there . It fails to pick up particles on the edges of the floor or around cabinets and the black rubber bumper on the side made a nice black streak across the base of my white breakfast bar.The wet side was hard to adjust the flow of water , either not enough or to much , resulting in streaks or missed dirt.Also , the manual states a requirement to use `` their '' cleaner otherwise the warranty may be voided . I think it is important to use what product is reccommended for each individual surface.I really wanted this to work and tryed it several times . I purchased it with a gift card I recieved for my birthday 5 days ago , it is going back today!Note
 My hubbie is in the army and we just moved to on base houseing , and we have wood floors . . We got a puppy and my wet jet just was n't doing the job . . So i was going to get a floor mate . . While at the store i saw the fip it for cheaper and was like oh i like that !!!!! Well i got it home and used it . I would n't have minded that sqeegie did n't work that well , but was REALLY upset when the vaccume blows debris around and when it does suck it sounds like something is getting stuck ! So it is going back in the box and back to the store tonight and i am getting the floor mate . . IF THEY HAVE ANY LEFT !!!!!!!!
 When I first saw the commercial for this , I wanted it ! So I started searching around for one . Found it on Amazon and the reviews were `` iffy '' . I always use the reviews but I also keep an open mind on items . So I got it two days ago . The setup was easy . With my open mind I started to dry vacuum the kitchen and bathroom floors -LRB- we have one dog and two cats -RRB- . Sad to say that I 'm returning this item , the suction is terrible . Thought I had something wrong when I put it together so had my hubby check it out . Nothing wrong - it just wo n't work . Tried it again the next day thinking I was having a bad day . Nada . So I 'm not even going to try the wet part and just return it . Geez , usally Bissell puts out awesome products . We hardly return items and never to Amazon . One star for the concept .
 My husband bought this for me and thought it would help with my close-to-obsessive floor cleaning habit . We have a lot of laminate wood and tile in our house . I was pretty skeptical , but gave it a more than a few tries . Eventually it went back to the store . My biggest complaint is that as a dry vac , it 's only good for small crumbs on smooth surfaces . We have several low-pile rugs that I would have loved to be able to `` vacuum '' while using the Flip-It , but it just ca n't handle it . It is a quiet machine and I was able to use it while everyone was asleep upstairs . I also have an issue with the filter and `` dirty '' container . Since it 's shared , and the machine is meant to be used both dry and then wet , the mess that comes out of the container is gross . You should empty the container after dry vacuuming and THEN start the cleaning process . If you get the filter wet and do n't let it air dry COMPLETELY before it goes back in , it will really stink . Also , you can only use the Bissell cleaning fluid or you will void your warranty . Stick with a broom , dustpan and mop , girls !
 I saw this on a TV commercial . We live in the country with dust and dirt constantly making it 's way into our home . We have tile floors and thought this would make a great addition to our cleaning supplies . I was willing to spend money on whatever it took to make cleaning my house easier . So I bought one for my family and one for my parents who also have tile floors.We were sent the flip it 's immediately and got right to work . My husband assembled it for me , and I started to clean the house . First I used the dry vacuum side . The previous ratings were correct . The air does blow out and makes it near impossible to suck anything light up . Then I attempted the wet vac side . It leaked all over my floor . No matter what I did to stop it from leaking it to this day continues to leak . I have even re-assembled it . To no avail , it is still leaking.Not only does ours leak , my parents are having the same exact problem with theirs.Do not spend your time or money on this piece of junk . I could 've sent it back , however , didnt want to deal with the issues of returning a large item.BOTTOM LINE
 As an owner of a house with hardwoods I thought this might be the answer to my prayers . Turns out it is definitely not . Vacuum does not work well , and the dirty water tank leaks all the time ! The water smells after one use and cleaning is not a dream . I also do n't like the fact that you have to use `` bissell '' cleaning solution . More marketing scam ! I tend to be green in the house and prefer to use good ol' white vinegar , water and lavendar oil . Trust me on this do n't flip it , skip it !
 I thought by purchasing a Bissel brand Flip It that the quality would be superior . It was far from superior . Using this machine is more work than standard mopping is ! Everything it sucks up gets clogged in the filter , and then you have to go in manually and clean it out -LRB- gross !!! -RRB- . Then , if the pad underneath or the brush gets clogged with stuff , it leaves dirty water spots ALL over your floor . you would be better off with a standard mop .
 I bought this for my mother for Christmas . I had read some reviews , but did n't think it could be as bad as they said . It was . The dry vac side blew the dirt away , and then stopped completely . The wet side just kept leaking solution everywhere , even when on the dry side . It did n't dry the floor afterwards , either . The only decent thing I found was that the wet side worked alright . I returned it for a full refund , and would not recomend anyone to get it . Hope this review helped .
 I purchased the Bissell Flip-It about 6 months ago after a friend recommended it . At first , I had the same problem other users have reported , the vacuum blowing dust , dirt , and hair away from suction head . I reported the problem to Bissell and they sent a gasket that prevented the exhaust air from blowing forward -LRB- I still believe this is a serious design flaw -RRB- . Even after making this change my wife and I find the Flip-It to be a poor vacuum ; our $ 19.95 Eureka `` The Boss '' bagless does a much better job . The wet cleaning is marginally better but we think it takes less effort to use towels and floor cleaner to clean our Pergo flooring . We gave the Filp-It to the thrift store two weeks ago and do n't miss it a bit .
 I truly wish I had read all the previous reviews before buying the Bissell 5200 Flip-It . Now that I 've read a few of the other reviews , I say DITTO . It will not pick up even the smallest particle on the dry vacuum side and I had to go over spots on the floor many times before they were clean . I bought it on sale at Target and stupidly threw away the box . I tried it once and just assumed I was n't pleased with it because I had to first assemble it -LRB- which is very easy -RRB- and read the instructions and then use it . I figured my dislike came from the amount of time it took from beginning to end . When I used it the second time , the vacuum picked up absolutely nothing . It falls over easily , and the water stinks terribly . Give me back my old string mop .
 I own the Hoover Floormate and bought this product because I thought it would be lightweight and easier to use . It says it 's good for everyday cleaning , so I gave it a try . I immediately noticed the vacuum suction was terrible and blew all the dust away from the unit . I had dust bunnies flying as high as my head , which landed on my kitchen counters and table . The wet scrub feature was n't much better and the suction was still terrible . The brushes do n't rotate like they do on the Hoover Floormate , so the floor was hard to clean . I was going to keep the FlipIt for strickly damp moping , but the $ 100 price tag was high for something equal to a wet Swiffer . Luckily , my store took the FlipIt back without the box . I used it twice in 3 months and am glad to be rid of it . I 'll stick with the Hoover Floormate , which has powerful suction and does a fantastic job , even though it 's a bit heavy to use for everyday cleaning .
 I certainly hope nobody brushes this off as a disgruntled customer review . I 'm not the type to complain about anything.My wife and I received the Bissell as a wedding gift , and used it for the first time a month ago . After a few swipes back and forth , I realized it was scratching the floor ! My red oak floor with deep scratches in it ! We immediately called customer service , who told us to make an insurance claim with their department . We sent the machine in , they `` inspected '' it for over a month and they came back with this claim . `` We do n't believe our product could have caused this damage . '' Well it did ! My floor is ruined ! After an estimate from a hardwood floor specialist , it is going to cost me $ 962 to repair my floor , and Bissell wo n't give me a dime ! I beg of you , do not purchase this product . Bissell has caused so much damage , and I certainly do n't have $ 1000 lying around to refinish my floor ! Please save yourself the money and the hassle ... buy something else or use a mop and bucket .
 This is a TERRIBLE machine . I was very excited to get this product but was SOON disappointed . The vacuum part did not suck up everything . It missed a lot of crumbs and hair . The wet part was even worse . It left the floors very wet which is VERY bad for laminates and dried very streaky . And just when I thought it couldnt get worse I started to clean the machine . The dirt that the vacuum part picked up went into the same tank with the dirty water . It took about 15 minutes to clean out the dirty tank because now I was dealing w / wet , dity hair and dust filled water . Absolutely disgusting ! So after an hour w / the ridiculous machine I had to re-mop w / an old fashion sponge mop . Seriously dont waste your time , energy , and money on this product !!!!
 Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this product . The vacuum is absolutely useless , all it does is blow the dirt all over the place and the filter needs to be cleaned every 15 minutes or so . This is possibly the only vacuum that leaves a room dirtier after vacuuming than before you started . The tanks for washing floors are much too small and need to be changed constantly . I am unable to return this dud since it has been used . Buy yourself a dustpan , broom , bucket and some cleaning rags and you will be better off than being stuck with this lemon .
 The one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly does n't ! This thing blows more air than it sucks dirt . What a useless thing . I 'm looking for one that will actually pick up the dirt from the recessed areas of my prefinished floor . This thing certainly does n't do it ! If you 're looking to buy this thing , look again -- there MUST be something better if not just your regular broom !
 The flip it vacuum was a great idea but little did I know thatI would actually have to put my hand in the bin to pull out the dirt and grime after using the wet mop . When using the wet mop-it will leave water lines where I stop , therefore I have to wipe up the floor with paper towels . When using the vacuum myliquid cleaner drips onto my hardwood floor leaving water marks!I have not recommended this product to anyone . A waste of $ 100.00 !
 I hate this cleaner . It is nothing compared to the Hoover floormate . A traditional mop would do a much better job cleaning . I am constantly pressing on the lever to dispense the cleaning solution and even then it 's not enough . Misses a lot of places . Worst ever and would never recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this to replace my Swiffer vac thinking it wld be easier to use . Its not even close !! You can not use the wet vac unless u dump the cup first and it does not pick up hair well at all !! The filter clogs and makes a huge mess and it doesnt work if yr floor is the least bit uneaven . Really go get yourself a Swiffer !!
 I am a senior and have used many different vacuum cleaners in my life , this one has not my full approval , and it also leaks . I click slightly for the water but even then , at the end , it leaks and keeps leaking for a few minutes , leaving a puddle on the floor . Sorry , but I did not like the product what so ever .
 This product leaks , does not clean well , etc. . I have nothing good to say about it .
 I have had this unit for a bit over a year , and I try not to use it too often . I have tried both the brush and the pads , but still get streaks . If I want to rid of the streaks I have to go over an area with a towel to help prevent them . I have laminate floors , have used it with and without the laminate floor cleaner . If anyone has a trick to this , let me know .
 this vacuum ca n't pick up a cheerio of the tile floor . I 'm NOT talking about one that 's stuck to the floor either . In fact it does n't pick up much of anything . The flip it - is a joke - not like youi can just switch back and for . you have to change parts . It does n't even seem to want to pick the water back up very well when using the wet side . Basically useless except as a big ole paperwait . Personally I do n't have a desk that big ! Serious waste of money . Hope to exchange it .
 One might imagine that the whole concept of vacuuming-flip-mopping is progressive in some way , but it really does not make the job of cleaning the floor easier . Especially when the product is heavy and hard to maneuver with poor pickup . I 'd much rather go over the floor with a good vacuum , and then follow with a functional , well-designed good mop -LRB- like the old SteamMop they discontinued -RRB- . These things function better as seperate units , which is why there 's no washing machine that 's also a dryer.The Flip-It is a very loud machine -- so loud , that I did n't hear my phone ring in the same room . This makes it difficult to listen for my 3 children , too . It 's difficult to push and feels like it 's gripping to the floor . It does n't fit into any tight places or under any low chairs/cabinets with it 's big fat part-vacuum head . And , when you 're finished , it 's a pain to clean out the nozzle and the filter -LRB- which you 're supposed to keep dry somehow -RRB- so you can look forward to a second job once you 've finished the job of cleaning your floors . And , because of the `` flip it '' back and forth design , the thing has no equilibrium ... it fell to the floor at least 3 times , even when I was so careful to rest it against something ... once when this happened , the `` dirty water '' recovery tank hit the floor , fell off the machine and spilled the dirty water all over my just-cleaned floor . A true nightmare . I bought this product because I could no longer buy replacement filters/pads for my Bissell SteamMop , and I thought I had better give the latest and greatest a try , but , sadly , I was disappointed . I do n't review things often , but I felt a responsibility to warn others out there who are shopping for a good mop to keep their homes clean . This contraption is not your answer.On a side note , I wrote to Bissell to bring back the SteamMop -LRB- what an excellent product -RRB- , so I 'm hoping that they will one day .
 I purchased this cleaner because I am getting old and washing my whole downstairs on my knees has been killing me . I have tile in every room . Hate mops . Well , I did realize you 'd have to change the water a lot but the machine did n't work well all the time . Sometimes water did not come out and I had to keep going back and forth to get the flow going . Everything was in place so I do n't know what it was . And I vacuum my floors first with my Kenmore . Anyway , I used it maybe 3 weeks then sold it to my neighbor for the same amount of money it cost me , so I was n't too disappointed . I think it is good for hardwood floors , linoleum or even laminate , but not so much tile like I have . By the way , my neighbor loves it . She says the vacuum works great .
 This vac has a serious design flaw for the dry vac side of the flip vac . When using as a dry vac , the motor exhausts all the air down , across the `` dirty tank '' and directly onto and across the vacuum head . So , when you are tying to sneak up on a herd of dust bunnies to suck them up , the vac blows them away before you can get to them . You work twice as hard chasing the stuff you are trying to vac up . The motor needs to exhaust out the side vents that are carved into the housing , not blow back down on the floor in front of you . Do n't buy this product if you are looking for a floor sweeper .
 You will cry over your wasted money . This is a hefty price to pay for a bad product . The Flip vac does not vacuum well , clogs easily and cleans worse than it vacuums . Keeping the machine clean is a hassle . The machine wore down quickly and is prone to leaking fluid . I was back to an old fashioned broom and mop very quickly -LRB- and with better results -RRB- . If you have kids , pets and high traffic this is not for you .
 I purchased this item thinking wow what a time saving idea ! I unpacked the machine and all that needed to be attached was the handle before use . It assembled quickly and I turned it on ... it blew the dirt away from me instead of sucking it up , and then the float that is for determining the water level for the wet use stuck . There was no water in the dirty tank ! I gave it a little longer to see how it perfomed , and as I used the wet side , water was blowing out of somewhere it should n't have been coming from ! I was so disappointed ! I thouhgt that maybe I had a lemon on my hands , so I exchanged it for another . Do n't be fooled , it is just junk ! The second did n't leak water everywhere , but it still blew the dirt away instead of cleaning it up . I spent more time trying to get this to function properly than I would have spent cleaning and mopping the old fashioned way . I am heading to target to return for the second time and try the Hoover Floormate ! Good luck ! My husband said `` when it looks too good to be true , it probably is ! ''
 This mop flips OK but the suction part for drying up the wet floors is useless . As soon as you hit a bump or tilt the stick backwards too far or sometimes for no reason at all , the suction stops and you are left with a soaking wet and dangerously slippery floor . You have to switch the unit off and start the motor again for the dryer suction to engage but by then you have already left wet floor sections everywhere which you ca n't see unless you are in direct sunlight .
 I bought this to make my life , helping around the house , easier . This did n't even come close . I have mopped a lot of floors in my life and this product made more work for me . The vacuum , wet and dry , has as much suction as a gold fish ! If you want to sweep first and use this contraption to ` mop ' the floor , just prepare yourself to then wipe up the muck that it just pushes around . A note to Bissell , Not even close ! The good reviews for this thing are most likely employees of Bissell or from people that actually clean the floor before cleaning the floor . Either way , I 'm getting my money back and using it to go the way of a regular mop and broom .
 It leaks all over the place . It takes away the purpose of the item if you have to follow every where with a towel . You have to go over the floor 4 times to get a spot up ! I sent mine back . Not worth the hassle . Much easier to get a mop and bucket out then towel down the floor .
 To anyone thinking of purchasing the Bissell Flip-It , my recommendation is to Forget-It !! I just purchased one today about 1 hour ago . However , when I tried to use the dry vacuum side , the cleaning solution leaked out of the wet side . When I tried to use the wet side , the sprayer did n't work . The only thing that did work was the part to suck up the mess it created . After calling the customer service center and going through the trouble shooting , which included checking to see if water was in the tank , I was told where the nearest service center was located . I wish I would have read the reviews and saved some time . Needless to say , I 'm on my way back to return it and get my money back .
 I sent this product back as it does not do what it says it will do . The vacumm part of it is not good at all . I just laid 400 square feet of tile and it just dose n't do what it is suppose to do .
 Worked okay for the first couple of times I used it but the waste chamber gets absolutely gross !!!! I put it away for the longest time and recently tried to use it again only to have it break half way through my cleaning . It 's in the trash now .
 What an absolute piece of rubbish . I only paid $ 40 and I feel like I got ripped off - I 've used it twice , now the vacuum part does n't suck -LRB- literally ... figuratively it just plain sucks -RRB- .
 Just as many have previously written - this flip it thing literally blows ! Air that is - if the suction power was as strong as the air it blows out , it would work great . Unfortunately that 's not the case and the dirt and hair is blown everywhere but in the `` dirty tank '' . Do n't waste your time or money !
 It 's a good idea , but just was n't worth the $ 100 I spent on it . I agree with the previous reviewers that the vacuume side actually blew dirt away before it swept it up and the mop side did n't have the power . The one time I used it I could n't get up a coffe spill along my cabinets . I might have kept it for quick clean-ups if it had n't been so expensive .
 I really am writing this because I am concerned about the favorable reviews on this product . It is interesting to me to see that those people who give this product 5 stars have reviews that read like company advertisements . What 's more is that when you check to read the other products they 've reviewed , the majority of them do n't have any other than reviews of other Bissell products . Could Bissell be writing their own reviews ? I wonder because those who give a negative review of this product talk about the pratical reasons why this product does n't work for them . Those 5 star reviews just say things like wonderful , awesome , fabulous without REALLY explaining why they think so . I think in order to boost this products rating , a bunch of glowing comments had to be written.Let me say that I do n't own this product . In fact I had been confused as to whether or not I should spend the money . The truth is , I 've been looking for a product like this for some time and have encountered the same problems while trying to decide . Some reviews that say these wet/dry cleaners are fabulous and others than say they stink . I can tell you this much , until I can feel like this product really is a good value , I 'm not going to shell out the money . It 's just too much money to waste .
 NOT ONLY IS THIS PRODUCT HORRIBLE , THE COMPANY WILL TELL YOU TO RETURN IT TO THE PLACE YOU BOUGHT IT ... THEY WO N'T EVEN BACK THEIR PORDUCT . IT CREATES DISGUSTING POOLS OF WET DIRTY WATER EVERYWHERE AND HAS NO SUCTION ON THE DRY SIDE . TRYING TO CLEAN IT IS A NIGHTMARE . DO NOT WASTE YOUR GOOD MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!
 Absolutely disappointing . Do not waste any time and money on this item . It is a total rip-off . Truly , stay away from it .
 Although a well made table , it was delivered damaged . It looked as if it had been thrown around by either the delivery people or the people that shipped it . This was due to the fact that the table was wrapped in plastic rather than being packaged properly . What a shame .
 This chest , described as having `` real beadboard side panels '' has absolutely no beadboard on it whatsoever . It is a plain white chest , made entirely of melamine and particleboard.I complained about this to Stacks and Stacks and asked if I had received the wrong item and was told via email that `` Amazon forwarded a message from you to me , stating that you believe that you received an incorrect product . You have indeed received the correct item . The beadboard panels refer to the grooves that set a pattern on the panels , not actually beads . These beadboard panels are shown to you on the picture on line , with the grooves present . `` Well , the description says beadboard , not `` grooves '' , but , be that as it may , this chest does n't even have `` grooves '' let alone real beadboard.So , not only is this item falsely advertised , they intend to brazen it out ! Do n't buy it !
 Before you order , you need to know these are plastic plates . They are NOT stoneware or quality plates . I did not see any references in the description of the plates that they were anything other than a natural plate . I now have to send back everything that I received , and the prices of these plates are priced the same as quality stoneware plates , such as Fiesta - which is what I intend on replacing them with , except I will go to a department store and purchase them - I was n't expecting anything but quality platewear . Very disappointed in the lack of description on these plates.All I can say is if you 're expecting a quality stoneware type of plate , this is not the one !
 Placed tide clock on sailboat . Paper dial fell apart and stopped working in about 60 days . Plastic and paper construction and way overpriced ,
 After reading all of the reviews , I was expecting a really high quality , durable trashcan . First of all , this item is constructed of very poor quality imported stainless steel . Mine is covered with streaks of some white residue that does not want to come off . After multiple attempts with SS cleaner , I discovered that the lids do n't really match . One is lightly brushed and reflective , the other is very rough and therefore dull looking . The doors are very hesitant about closing , and , after looking at the step mechanism , I ca n't imagine this can lasting several years . As I turned the can over , one of the nuts from the mechanism fell out on the floor . By the way , the `` tight fitting lids '' do n't really matter since there is a slot about 1 '' x 4 '' in the plastic on the back side of the can near the top that opens into the trash area . It 's a hand hold , but defeats the purpose of the lids . Go figure . After all this -LRB- and $ 16.32 shipping -RRB- , I found on the packing slip that the can ships from right here in Austin , Texas . Even better , the store 's website sells it for $ 60 as opposed to Amazon 's $ 90 . This is just a plain rip-off . My fault , I should have done my usual research .
 Ours is a little over a year old and the lid is broken . Seems to me the drive gear that opens and shuts the lid is too strong for the hindge . Over time the hindge broke on us . $ 70 for a one year of use is not worth it for us . I must say I loved it when it worked .
 I received the trash can and it looked great ! The first step on the lever and it opened , but with a snap during the opening . The second time it did n't close all the way . Each time you step on the lever it makes a loud cracking sound and fails to close . After 3 days it just continued to worsen . I called the manufacturer to ask for assistance . Two weeks later I sent an email . Finally I received a voicemail back from the manufacturer . I called them back and left a voicemail . They called me back and left a voicemail telling me they only manufacture it and that I would have to return the product to the reseller from whom I purchased it . This entire process has taken 1 month . Not worth the hassle .
 This trash can is attractive but it makes a lot of noise when the foot press is pushed and the lid opens . I returned the item and got a full refund .
 I bought this trash can based on all the favorable reviews . I was very unimpressed .
 The product may be fine but the description and presentation that Amazon is creating is vastly WRONG . It does say cover and a featherbed COVERS your exsisting mattress . At multiple places within this products page it describes the filling . That is not a accidental misleading or ambigious wording . It is false and a lie . I was just going to let the 10 $ + go as a write off . You know `` you win some you lose some '' type thing . But after my first compliant they emailed me a very nice form letter apologizing for their error and making sure to tell me since it was all their fault that this occured they would pay my shipping back to return it . Then I opened my GoldBox offers . Guess what was offered to me with the same false description ? How sorry and sincere can they be of their mistake if instead of altering the description they choose to make it a featured product ? I fully intended to click the `` yes this answered my compliant '' link and be done with it . 10 $ isnt worth the hassle in most cases . But I am just so incensed that not even 24 hours after my complaint -LRB- and obviously others as these reviews show -RRB- they choose to try and take advantage of as many more people as they could . I just can not wait to see which form letter I get this time .
 I agree with the previous reviews . The ad is misleading . The description said : `` What 's in the Box : Queen-sized pillow-top featherbed `` I assumed it was an actual feather bed too . now i have to find a feather bed to put inside . Amazon should correct their mistake in the ad and put up a picture of the cover only .
 I agree with the last reviewer , the description for this item makes it sound like it is a featherbed , not simply as a cover . Admittedly , its name is `` featherbed cover , '' but the description says that it has goose down fill -- which this cover certainly does not !
 It is a sheet with a zipper . No feathers any where . Completely mis leading . But aint worth the $ 10 hassle to return .
 As others have said , this is just a cover - not the feathered bed described .
 I have purchased 3 I thought its feather bed pad something as the description but its end up to be only a cover so its just not good to buy online '' on Amazon `` because you ca n't really expect what you are gon na get . please becareful
 Because , Your title not clear ; your post `` 233-thread-count king featherbed cover -LRB- zippered -RRB- '' . I confused it was full size not king size . So I purchased for king comforter not fit for them ; but marterial not bad . Can you change to me king size . Thanks alot ...
 The description makes you think this is a featherbed . `` The 233-thread-count outer layer offers 100 percent cotton material with 12-pound feather fill . This downy pad features a 3-inch gusset and 20-inch end-to-end box stitching , which prevents the stuffing from shifting and maintains an even distribution for consistent comfort . The pad also offers double-stitched corded edging to resist fraying and keep feathers from escaping . Dry-cleaning is recommended to maintain the quality and softness of the featherbed 's fill but machine washing is permitted . `` What 's in the BoxQueen-sized pillow-top featherbedIt is only an empty cover , the description is wrong . I would send it back but it is n't worth my effort .
 Both of these glasses are now gone . The glass is thinner then eggshells . If you use them then save them for special occasions only because they are more fragile then any other glass I 've ever seen.I replaced them with Libby 's . Better price , set of 4 and better glass .
 I have always thought of myself as a wine connoisseur , not a wine snob so bear that in mind as I tell you that these `` fashionable '' glasses need to be used for something other than wine . Even a modestly decent wine will taste different in every glass , thus the wine glass can kill your wine . Insisting on fine stemware for your wine is `` not '' snobbery -- it is just a good investment on top of the expense of your wine.So , as for these stemless tumblers -- Your hand on the bowl warms the wine , hides the wine and leaves fingerprints . Need I say more ? The only time you want to warm the product in the glass is when you have brandy or cognac or a similar beverage that increase in quality and flavor when gently warmed . Wine DOES NOT fit in that category . Unfortunately , these glasses are n't for those beverages either . Everyone knows that the serving temperature of wine is of paramount importance . All `` balance '' of the wine -LRB- red or white -RRB- will be lost.Riedel is a wonderful company , but I must protest the stemless wine glass .
 I bought two of these glasses to drink the odd bottle of wine with my wife . One of the glasses cracked in the dishwasher . I wo n't buy any more at $ 25 a pair if they are so fragile .
 While at a wine tasting room in Fredericksburg , Texas , we learned about the amazing `` riedel glasses . '' They have the ability to make a so-so wine taste as good as its pricier counterparts . It was explained to us that it 's due to the shape , lack of stem , special crystal , etc. , but we just say it 's magic !!! There is a different glass for each type of wine - red , white , etc. .
 NEWS FLASH
 Out of all the Riedel glasses I have purchased or used , these are my least favorite . Unless you have extremely large hands , it is hard to get a secure grip on the Pinot tumblers , much less with hands greasy from a nice dish of chicken wings . I really do n't see any advantage to these tumblers over traditional stemmed glasses . They are just as delicate and difficult to wash , and you will have to wash fingerprints off the tumblers -LRB- chicken wings or not -RRB- , and they are n't really all that easier to store in the cabinet . If you want to reduce the risk of breaking a stem , I 'd recommend purchasing one of the thicker-stemmed Riedel offerings before going for the tumblers .
 This is a rather large glass , a bit clumsy to hold without the stem and in a comparison tasting , it seemed to me that the smaller Ouverture sized bowls evoked a richer aroma from Chardonnay.A great deal of your experience of wine comes from the aromas that develop in the air above the surface of the wine . A glass that forces the wine to have a large surface area for its volume and then narrows to concentrate the vapors will increase the flavor experience . Glasses with a thin lip seem to interfere less with the taste of wine than thicker -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- glasses . The shape of the glass makes a difference , too . Since we can only smell molecules that are in the air , the best wine-tasting glass is going to promote evaporation by exposing the largest possible surface area to the air . These glasses are wide at the waist and narrow at the top to get more from their wine . Does it make a difference ? You bet-and in every taste test that I 've been part of , Riedel glasses win hands down.For more information on the factors that effect the taste of wine-Storage , Air , Temperature , Food and Context , see New Short Course in Wine , The The wine simply tastes better in these glasses . The red wine Ouverture glasses are as close to an all-purpose glass as any and they 're very inexpensive.It should n't be necessary to mention that a wine glass should be clean and odorless . But sometimes restaurants , in their zeal to make their glassware clean use rinsing aids that leave behind a strong mineral smell . If you 're spending a lot of money on a bottle of wine in a restaurant , sniff the empty glass first . At home , a film of grease can settle on a previously clean glass . It 's no reflection on the quality of the housekeeping-cooking fats disperse in the air and settle on everything in a kitchen . An additional rinsing and a wipe with a clean towel are all you need.Lynn Hoffman , author of New Short Course in Wine , The and the tasty bang BANG
 The glasses do look nice but one shattered on the first drying . I thought they looked fragile but I 've never had a wine glass break so quickly .
 were great until they broke in the sink while washing ... too fragile for everyday use .
 Hi , Really like drinking wine from these glasses . Ended up with 8 each in two sizes . Broke my 4th glass the other day while cleaning it . NEVER broke any other end-high stemware doing that . Believe me , I 've been very careful too.Also had one break in a very modern dishwasher operating on a crystal cycle.Just too thin and fragile despite the resonable price and good functionality
 These glases are too big for practical use . Instead we recommend the Chardonnay/Voigner model .
 This particular model is simply unsuitable for use , as the girth of this glass is too large to hold securely . Although impressive visually , the execution of this glass is poor as it is impractical for use safely and comfortably . As an owner of many of the Sommeliers series glasses from Riedel , the `` O '' Chardonnay glass is a blatant disappointment . This selection will be returned to the seller .
 Paper thin glasses ; a two year-old could crush them like beer cans . Sincerely disappointed in Riedel . They are no better than Ikea glasses .
 This is a rather large glass , a bit clumsy to hold without the stem and in a comparison tasting , it seemed to me that the smaller cabernet/Ouverture sized bowls evoked a richer aroma from pinot noir and nebbiolo.A great deal of your experience of wine comes from the aromas that develop in the air above the surface of the wine . A glass that forces the wine to have a large surface area for its volume and then narrows to concentrate the vapors will increase the flavor experience . Glasses with a thin lip seem to interfere less with the taste of wine than thicker -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- glasses . The shape of the glass makes a difference , too . Since we can only smell molecules that are in the air , the best wine-tasting glass is going to promote evaporation by exposing the largest possible surface area to the air . These glasses are wide at the waist and narrow at the top to get more from their wine . Does it make a difference ? You bet-and in every taste test that I 've been part of , Riedel glasses win hands down.For more information on the factors that effect the taste of wine-Storage , Air , Temperature , Food and Context , see New Short Course in Wine , The The wine simply tastes better in these glasses . The red wine Ouverture glasses are as close to an all-purpose glass as any and they 're very inexpensive.It should n't be necessary to mention that a wine glass should be clean and odorless . But sometimes restaurants , in their zeal to make their glassware clean use rinsing aids that leave behind a strong mineral smell . If you 're spending a lot of money on a bottle of wine in a restaurant , sniff the empty glass first . At home , a film of grease can settle on a previously clean glass . It 's no reflection on the quality of the housekeeping-cooking fats disperse in the air and settle on everything in a kitchen . An additional rinsing and a wipe with a clean towel are all you need.Lynn Hoffman , author of New Short Course in Wine , The and the tasty bang BANG
 These glasses were terribly disappointing . They are so thin and delicate that I am afraid to wash them . The base is so unsteady that you feel uncomfortable about setting them down . I have found the solution - do not use them - they suck .
 Altho the quality seems good , the size is so large for a woman to hold , fear of dropping ! This is very thin glass and seems like it will break easy and is hard to hold onto to wash . wo n't buy more .
 But they stopped carrying the caramel , so I found them here , but the first candle 's wick failed less than half way through burning and we could not get it to light , so we had to throw away 3/4 of an expensive candle . Have two more to try as I ordered three and hopefully they will be of better quality .
 I 'll keep it short because I hate long-winded bad experiences shopping online . Let 's just say that amazon let me down in multiple areas of a purchase . I guess it happens this time of year , but never had a problem before . I shop alot so that being said , great candles ... poor handling and customer service recovery . I highly recommend not getting any candles online . Specialty shops carry them around the same price as amazon , plus you do n't get broken candles before Christmas ! It 's a hassle ...
 Before you order , you need to know these are plastic plates . They are NOT stoneware or quality plates . I did not see any references in the description of the plates that they were anything other than a natural plate . I now have to send back everything that I received , and the prices of these plates are priced the same as quality stoneware plates , such as Fiesta - which is what I intend on replacing them with , except I will go to a department store and purchase them - I was n't expecting anything but quality platewear . Very disappointed in the lack of description on these plates.All I can say is if you 're expecting a quality stoneware type of plate , this is not the one !
 I challenge anyone to make consistently good coffee with this awkward , finicky machine . We have tried everything -- cleaning , decalcifying , different coffees , different grinds , different filters , good karma , bad karma ... does n't matter . One pot in ten is good , six are so-so , and the other three go down the sink . It 's a mystery to me , but do n't waste your time trying to figure this one out .
 We were in a hurry to buy these chests -LRB- night stands -RRB- , as we have family visiting for 5 weeks . The description says PINE , which we like . Unfortunately , it is imitation . The entire product is imitation wood - pretty much all presswood . As a result , it has a very strong and lasting VOC odor . We have had 6 boxes of Baking Soda in them to see if the odors can be drawn out , ... , but no effect . Putting it together -LRB- it is completely disassembled -RRB- was not too difficult , but you need to be very careful as it is fragile . The base of the drawers is weak , so stuffing clothes or anything of mass will collapse them . The tops , which I was expecting to be real pine , is imitation and looks terrible - it seems to have water damage -LRB- bubbly finish -RRB- . The handles are the cheapest plastic you could buy ... and they are not standard hole dimension , so replacing them with decent handles will require special order . All in all , very disappointed in this purchase . As soon as family leaves , they are headed to the trash .
 It is an impressive looking coffee maker - featuring all the things I was looking for , and it was on sale . The 1st thing I noticed that I did n't like was the water level indicator -- if you only make 4 cups its hard to tell the amount in the reservoir . I use a measuring cup and somehow when the coffee is finished I seem to have more than I poured in ! I learned that this pot uses 6 oz . cups for measure , not the 8 oz . as on my kitchen measuring cup . When I adjusted the water/coffee ratio I found that it does make good coffee . The stop-drip feature for when you pull out the pot before its completed it 's cycle does n't work very well . There are still a few dribbles . The clock/timer feature is easy to use , and the coffee making is done quickly . I would probably not buy another one . I 'll probably save this one for the church yard sale next summer .
 filter door does n't close smoothly . coffee pot does n't fit into unit smoothly either .
 This coffee maker made the best tasting drip coffee but after a little more than a year , the electrical component shorted out . Fortunately I was home at the time to unplug the smoking coffeemaker or my house could have burned down . After contacting Farberware , I learned they no longer make drip coffeemakers -LRB- duh -RRB- and only offer percolators . Perhaps this is why ?
 I thought `` Tuscan Vineyard '' would be , well , like a Tuscan Vineyard . This one is like smelling a cheaply scented candle . I wo n't be buying again . Plus , it aggravated my allergies , which is not usual for fake scents .
 I bought two of these , and i returned two . The medicine cabinet is _ big _ . The construction is n't all that sturdy , and the wood is pressboard . But it 's relatively cheap , so i was n't expecting anything more.However , i did expect the item to arrive in one piece . The box -LRB- packaged by zenith , not amazon , though amazon shipped it -RRB- has literally half an inch of styrofoam padding . Keep in mind that it weighs in around 50lbs . I do n't think there 's a single carrier that you can select who would be able to guarantee delivery of this cabinet intact.The first came with pulverized styrofoam padding , two broken mirror segments , a cracked wooden frame , and stapling that had come apart . After returning the first and ordering a replacement , the second arrived in similar disrepair.If you want to pick this item up from a store , then be my guest . It 'll probably serve you about how you 'd expect . But do n't even bother ordering it online .
 Even at this late date , I have not received this product nor I have I received an answer to my e-mail . I am very dissatisfied . I will not be ordering anything other than books from Amazon in the future .
 If you have a choice , look for something else . Thanks Amazon.com to help me out . I was in really trouble with this product .
 Twice , when my lamps were lit the glass broke . To keep that from happening , the flame must be tiny .
 The lamp itself is nice , and the chimney itself is real glass . I can attest to that because it arrived in pieces . Whomever packed the box used three plastic air pillows on one side of the box only . Horrible ! Thus the lamp was only protected from impact in one direction . It 's a shame since the lamp itself seems nice . I see a number of complaints along the same lines , so maybe Amazon should force some Quality Control on this company ?
 The glass was broken when I opened the box . Packing to protect it was only so so . The product quality was poor and I did not want to expend the effort to get it replaced . Would not recommend you buy it .
 this is a nice little oil lamp . HOWEVER , my original order arrived broken . AND , the replacement order ALSO arrived broken . do n't bother ordering this online .
 I ordered an electric knife and was sent a blender . Apparently the item number on the website belongs to the blender and not the knife . I returned the product and had no problem getting my money back . Im satisfied with the service i received with the refund but im unhappy that i was shipped the wrong product .
 I broke the carrier after 1 week of use . Straps are not strong enough . The product would be much better if they looped one continuous nylon strap around the bottom of the carrier , large enough to form the handles .
 This carrier is less than half the size of a similar one I used to have that carried full-sized logs . This one is so small , only kindling for a standard size fireplace would fit in it .
 When it arrived I was suprised at how small it was . It looked nice , but was obviously intended for logs that were less than 12 inches long , or they would tip out one way or the other . I ended up buying a much larger one for $ 2 more , well worth the money to be able to carry double the load .
 I bought this for my son-in-law who thought it was fine but the one I have is much wider and I think better for carrying wood .
 I ordered this carrier despite reviews that mentioned its small size . Big mistake . It is much much smaller than it appears in the photo . I am returning it for a larger carrier .
 This product gives new meaning to `` Made in China '' . The quality of the materials is so inferior I ca n't beleive Amazon even carries it as a product . The leather straps were so thin & flimsy that one broke -LRB- not detached - but accually broke in two ! -RRB- after the third time I used it . This `` log '' carrier might be OK for carrying kindling , but definitely not split firewood .
 This product is put together well but is 3 + inches narrower that the one shown in the product picture . It will still do the job but it would be better if an accurate picture was used .
 While this item will work for me it is much smaller -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- than the log carrier that it is replacing . I would say this is the size needed for wood being carried inside for a small wood-burning stove/heater or old-fashioned pot-bellied stove . I would not use `` log '' in the title .
 I owned a Farberware hand mixer that was just perfect . It was light , had multiple speeds , easy to use , powerful enough , and lasted for 20 years . When it finally died , I wanted a Farberware again and so bought this one . BUT ... they do n't make 'em like they used to ! In a standard mixing bowl like I 've always used , this mixer sent pudding flying all over my kitchen ! I finally had to mix the pudding in the sink in order to contain the mess . I immediately packaged this back up and shipped it back , and will now look for a different brand . Maybe a Hamilton Beach , since I 've been so happy with others of their products .
 I owned a Farberware hand mixer that was just perfect . It was light , had multiple speeds , easy to use , powerful enough , and lasted for 20 years . When it finally died , I wanted a Farberware again and so bought this one . BUT ... they do n't make 'em like they used to ! In a standard mixing bowl like I 've always used , this mixer sent pudding flying all over my kitchen ! I finally had to mix the pudding in the sink in order to contain the mess . I immediately packaged this back up and shipped it back , and will now look for a different brand . Maybe a Hamilton Beach , since I 've been so happy with others of their products .
 All I have to say is.THEY DO N'T MAKE THINGS LIKE THEY USE TA
 If you 're looking for a `` quick '' summary , it 's this
 Got the Gilmour quick connect at Lowe 's , and they are brass plated , so they look like brass in the package . But they are really light , and as soon as you start using them the ball bearing keepers start wearing into the male connector , and you can see that it is actually made of a silver colored metal that is very soft . I do n't think they will last long.But when new , they do work well .
 On the surface these connectors appear to be very well made . Do n't be fooled ; they leak because the male connector wobbles in the female recepticle . To make matters worse , you must use Gilmore washers in these . The Gilmore washers are oversized and will not fit standard American hose connections . Do yourself a favor and buy Nelson ; they may also be made in China too -LRB- I do n't know -RRB- but at least they work !!
 WATCH OUT BUYING THESE ... I have used them for quite a while and used to like them a lot ... . but bought some new ones lately and they LOOK LIKE BUT ARE NOT BRASS ... I think the Chinese are pulling one over on Gilmour and making them out of aluminum or pot metal with a brass coloring . . They fused themselves to my faucets and hoses buy electolysis . BE CARFUL BUYING THESE AND LOOK THEM OVER CLOSELY The aluminum ones have a little funny coloring and are lighter in weight than the real brass ones .
 I bought several of these thinking they looked like good quality . And they are , very good quality , do n't leak and not too big . But the little buggers are impossible to unsnap while connected to the homes . The problem is , the rubber collar is too small to get a good grip on it -LRB- esp with wet fingers -RRB- . Coupled with the undersized collar , the spring tension is way too high . I ended up unscrewing the fittings from one section of hose every time I needed to separate them . -LRB- * So what good is a disconnect if you ca n't get it to disconnect ? -RRB- I took them off and went back to a screwed connection until I can find something that is easy to use.Not recommended as far too difficult to separate once connected to the hose .
 I bought several sets of this disconnect with shut off valves . They have leaked since the day I bought them . If you move the hoses around enough it has been possible to stop the leaks sometimes . I bought these to replace the cheap plastic one that I have used for a number of years . I 'm going back to them - they only leak about 10 % of the times they are mated . Save your money and buy cheap plastic ones .
 I 've purchased these Gilmore brass hose connectors for over three years and found repeatedly that the black plastic ring on the female connector -LRB- the ring you retract to release the connectors -RRB- becomes brittle and cracks/breaks off after about one year . This makes this piece of the connector useless . I invested in the good Gilmore brass connectors -LRB- Gilmore makes an identical less-expensive aluminum connector -RRB- because I wanted connectors I could use year-after-year . I 've found myself replacing most of them the second season of use . I contacted Gilmore customer service with this problem and never received a response . This year I began buying the Orbit brand brass hose connectorsOrbit Brass Hose Quick Connect Set 58117 . These seem to be interchangeable with the Gilmore connectors , so I can continue using the hardware I already have . The plastic collars on the Orbit connectors are a harder material that looks significantly stronger than the Gilmore product . Orbit also uses an `` O '' ring seal that I believe is superior to the design of the Gilmore product . I 'll have to wait and see how long the Orbit connectors last . But I 've found the Gilmore connectors usually stick around on average only about 18 months .
 I had high hopes for this highly rated hose quick connect set . The product looked well made and the rubber collars seems a nice way to protect the fittings and make it easy to use . Unfortunately the rubber collars are the downfall of this product . During installation the rubber easily slipped off the knurled base on both the male and female fittings . When trying to connect the two the rubber collar on the lock ring would slide forward and block any connection unless you made the effort to push the collar back into position and connect your end device at the same time . If the rubber portion of the product had stayed in place this could have been a great product .
 For the price I was very disappointed with the quality . It arrived with some or the pieces corners bashed and the wood glue punctured , covering most of the hardware . Most of it went together very easily , but there were a few pieces that didnt fit exactly perfectly . One of the handles screw holes was cracked so the screw would n't hold . Finally , a corner bracket for the shelf was missing . All of these things are minor and one trip to home depot will sort them out . However , this is the sort of thing I expect from walmart , not when I pay several hundred dollars . So , while I 'm not dissatisfied enough to return it , I 'm certainly not 100 % pleased , and would not recommended it to anyone else
 It 's good that this toaster is not available . It worked fair , tended to fry the top of the toast a little hard . Then it quit working , the lever would n't stay down . Looks cheaply made .
 I purchased this toaster , because of rating given it by America 's Test Kitchen . They rated it the best one they tested . If this is the best , then the rest of the toasters must be terrible . It did not perform for me as indicated by the folks at the Test Kitchen . I have used it for about 4 months .
 When I received this new toaster , the lever would not go down all the way . I took it apart and realized it was manufactured with a flaw that prevented the lever from doing down . It 's hard to explain here . Suffice to say that , unless you want to take it apart and jam something in to push things into the right place , you wo n't like this toaster . A call to Farberware revealed that this model has n't been manufactured in several years .
 After lots of product research , I ordered this toaster thru an Amazon seller , antonline . I got it right away , but it did n't work . The lever would n't go down all the way . Antonline referred us to the manufacturer warranty . The manufacturer said they discontinued this item in 2001 . They told me I could send it to them with all purchase info , but they could only replace it with some other product . I fixed the toaster by taking it apart and jamming something in to allow space for the lever . It had a manufacturing flaw . I do n't know how common this flaw is - I 'm guessing it 's why there are so many for sale online but none in the stores . Farberware unloaded them .
 The toaster is cool to the touch but not very consistent in its toasting ability .
 BEWARE
 This mirror is dangerous-had one for a few months and the head piece holding the mirrors fell to the floor and shattered all over my bathroom . The flaw is that that the mirror head is not attached to the stand in any way . There are merely two `` dimples '' in the metal ring around the mirrors where the end of the stand arms hold the head by pressure and friction . If you spin the mirror around too fast or hard , -LRB- or in my case just I guess it just wore out -RRB- it can slip out of the arms and you have a disaster . This item should be recalled .
 I really thought I could trust the name Farberware . It certainly looks nice in the picture , but the real thing is VERY diappointing . It 's thin and very light weight . The spoons are n't deep , nothing feels right . STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE !
 When I saw that Farberware was selling a line of flatware and that it was on a daily Amazon special I ordered a set . I have used Farberware cooking utensils for many years and have been impressed by their dedication to quality . Unfortunately this anticipated quality was badly missing in this flatware . It was better than plastic throwaway utensils but not by much . I returned it immediately and received a full refund -LRB- including return shipping -RRB- .
 The flatware set was very thin and too easily bent . It will do for awhile , but I would not have bought the set if I had felt how thin they were .
 Even though the price is so cheap for this item , I 'm not sure why Amazon carries such a low quality item . I paid like $ 10 for this item and it 's a complete waste of money .
 I agree with the rest of the reviewers , this is a very low quality , cheap feeling and looking product . I could n't imagine anyone ever paying the listed price . I paid $ 15 w / free shipping and I still feel I over paid . Marginally better than plastic utensils . Read the other reviews and stay away .
 I received this set as a gift , the person who bought it only paid 16 $ which is 15 more than it should have been . This was so thin it felt like tinfoil , and I would never use them . I gave them away . This is the worst silverware I have ever seen . Plastic would be a better buy . I gave it one star only because Amazon wo n't let you give it a zero , but that is what it deserves . The manufacturer should be ashamed.If I had paid for this myself , they would have gotten a call from one angry customer .
 ITS NOT WORTH THE MONEY NO WAY IT COULDVE BEEN $ 100.00 THE $ 24.99 PRICE IS STILL NO BARGAIN MAYBE AT $ 4.99 ITS TO THIN AND COULD BEND WHILE USING IT DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY THE ITEM IS TOTALY WORTHLESS THE MANUFACTURER SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF PUTING THEIR NAME ON IT DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I didnt expect much from this set , but even for 9 $ purchase price , it 's a POS , I should rather buy plasticware , it 's very bad looking , very cheap product , only for 1 time use : -RRB-
 We ended up returning this set because it was very poor quality steel.The luster was bad , and it was very weak . Bends very very easily .
 This is the worst flatware I 've ever seen ... The picture does n't show what a terrible quality this product is . I would be ashamed if I save it for a gift , because it would be an insulting gift .
 I bought it 6 weeks ago . It started RUSTING ! No , I 'm not kidding , I had to throw it away !
 i bought 2 sets of this product . . when i recieved them they were flimsy . . very cheaply maid so i sent them back . . i got credit returned for one set never the other one . . i wrote letters withno response back ... whats the problem ... ? I paid for 2 sets , ... sent two back and got reimbursed for one ... wheres my money ?
 These are soooo awful !! Thin , cheap and lightweight . Not even worth the sale price .
 It might be worth $ 5-10 , the list price of $ 100 is just to attract people who are looking for sale . If amazon list this as $ 10 item selling for $ 100 than i would have give 4 stars . .
 The grater has very strange grates that stick very far up and do not grate the food finely , but manage to find and grate your fingers . I bought another style with little star shaped grates , works much better !
 Even when first assembled this product was poor . Everything fell apart immediately or shortly thereafter . The drawer would not slide in and out , parts broke off . I guess you ca n't expect anything functional for that price
 The shower caddy we received does not look like the one in the picture . We chose it because the hook direction could be changed so we could hang it on a towel rack . As the one we recived was made differently than the shower caddy in the picture , we could not do this . The only reason we kept it is because my husband took it apart and remade it to work for our needs .
 I purchased this caddy in May , 2012 . The wires in the basket I use to hold shampoo bottles have already begun to rust , just barely two months after installing it in my shower . This is unacceptable at this price for an item that will daily be exposed to the moist conditions to be poorly manufactured . What it means is the steel wires have such thin coating of chromium that the coating provides no corrosion protection . Shame on Zenith Products !
 I would n't recommend this product . When I bought this , it was rated 4 stars and seemed to have decent reviews . The shower caddy I received looks very similar , but the adjustable shelves are slightly different in how they hang . As a result , the shelves do n't sit flat , they lean forward . This causes my shampoo bottles to lean forward and fall over . I did try moving the hanger forward and back and try using the included suction cup -- no improvement.I 'm sure I could modify the connection points enough to make a difference , but I 'd rather just return it and get something else .
 I installed this rod between two walls by screwing it into the studs . The distance between the two walls is about sixty inches -LRB- 60 '' -RRB- so I was happy to find this adjustable rod for sale on Amazon . It installed very easily . After I installed it I hung some jackets , shirts and pants on it . Because of the `` play '' between the two adjustible pieces , this rod sags in a way that makes it look like a smiling face . I will keep this item because I am confident that it is secure into the wall studs . However it looks very bad and I am scared that it might fail some day . Made in China , gets one star `` deduction '' from me on that variable .
 It works but it 's too small for more than 2 people . Also I 'd rather have a flat surface to easily scrape the surface during use . Every time I take meat off I need to scrape the surface clean so it wont burn ; this is harder to do with a ridged surface .
 I just got these stands for my onkyo S5100 HTIB system . I researched a lot and these stands claimed they could hold up to 8 lbs . The speakers that came with my system are around 6 lbs . The stands barely stay upright . And there 's no way to extend the hight because the locking mechanism is too weak to hold up the speakers . These might be a great choice for really little light speakers but not for anything more than 4 lbs . -LRB- my guess -RRB- .
 First of all , the photo of these speaker stands is very unrepresentative of the stands delivered . For example , take a look at the wire speaker supports at the top of the stands . They look like they are tall , and like they are highly adaptable for a variety of speakers -LRB- I even went to the manufacturers web site to TRY to get a better look at them -RRB- . Unfortunately , they are only about five inches tall and can only be adjusted in-out about ONE inch . That 's not a lot of room for adjustment . Too bad . If they had included two or three more of the wire speaker supports to accommodate different sizes of speakers , this product would be a four or five star rating . Just a shame . I am going to return these and try the Sanus Systems EF-SATB stands instead . Good Luck !
 Assembly is actually quite difficult with this stand . It requires you to screw a very small machine screw into the plastic top piece of the stand . The hole for the screw is undersized so that the screw will grip into the plastic so you really have to muscle it in there . I 'm a medium strong adult male and do n't think a person that 's much weaker physically than me could have managed it . Might have been easier with a powerdrill but the screw is extremely small and strips easily ; I barely got it in there without completely ruining it . I recommend you start with a small screwdriver to get it started then switch to a bigger screwdriver to get more leverage on it . Also , screw it in a little , then back it out some , then screw it in some more , etc. . This is your best bet to avoid stripping.The metal tubes that make up the stand are extremely small and thin -LRB- about 3/4 inch diameter -RRB- and break easily . It was my fault , but while the lower tube was screwed into the base , I applied a little bit of sideways force to the top of the stand and the tube broke off at the base . It did not bend , it broke like a stick . Luckily there was still a little bit of the tube that could still be screwed in and I 've repaired it with some putty epoxy so hopefully it will hold.Based on the tiny amount of force that caused the break , I do n't think this stand would survive a fall . I would recommend getting something a little beefier but if you do buy this stand , be very careful with it.Also set the stands to the height you will be using the first time because once you tighten down the adjustment , it scrapes the heck out of the paint.Other than that it works great !
 I bought 2 Breezaire 4000 units thru Beverage Factory and while the fist worked for 5 years , the second never worked and after back-and-forth for over a year with Breezaire Service without getting it fixed , I found myself no longer covered by the one year warranty and having to pay to ship and repair a $ 1,100 product that never worked . Eventually , I gave up and threw it out . The dump is too good for this piece of junk . Beverage Factory was useless , not standing by a product they sold and just passing me on the Breezaire Service .
 According to the packaging , these are chef grade and FDA approved . I 'd like to know how that is when it melted in my crock pot from doing a pulled pork dish . Nothing fancy , bbq sauce and pork . 8 hours high . I now have melted plastic in my brand new crock pot . I had better luck with Reynolds liners , they were much better ... too bad I had to find out on the new crock pot , and not the old one.Buy another brand , or do n't use any at all . The clean up is a snap any other way but with these !!!!
 I would call the platter a `` factory second '' with it having an indentatiion on surface in the flower border It is not one that I would have selected if I had a choice . The pattern is now discontiued so finding a platter in this pattern is n't easy , yet I think it 's where they are now selling off the `` factory seconds '' here .
 After owning this product for three months I was forced to return it . When I first started to use the sweeper I was impressed by its quiet operation and ease to transistion from carpet to hardwood . The quality of the job is what I was expecting for a 40 $ sweeper , decent . After the first week the edge sweepers stopped rotating . A few months later the sweeper stopped functioning all together . When I turn the sweeper on it echoes a horrible noise , smells of burnt rubber and the sweeper drum refuses to rotate . The problem appears to be internal because there are no visable obstructions . I can not recommend this product .
 I already own the Swivel Sweeper , in which I am disappointed , and am looking for something that will pick up better than the SS . Maybe I 'm expecting too much . I know it 's not going to have the power and suction that a vacuum cleaner does , but it really does n't pick up very well . We have a light - haired dog that sheds and we have dark wood floors , so it really shows . This sweeper does n't pick up the hair very well , it mostly just pushes it around . I really wish I knew where I could find a better sweeper . I wasted my money on this one . Even worse , I bought one for my mom . : -LRB-
 I only purchased this product because it had the Bissell name on the box thinking it would be a great product . What a big disappointment ! We have one cat in the house and a few throw rugs on wood floors ... this sweeper worked OK the first day out of the box . That 's it -- one day . The side spinners stopped working almost immediately because it got a few cat hairs twisted around them , so I took the time to clean them off , but they never spun again since they were n't motorized . That was my first disappointment.Then it stopped picking up dust and hair by the 2nd or 3rd time of use and spit it out the back of the sweeper because the dirt cup would n't go on tightly anymore ! And the dirt cup was much too small and cumbersome to clean in the first place . I spent more time trying to clean this sweeper to make it work than I spent actually sweeping!I bought this thing hoping it would clean my throw rugs because it had the little brushes on the rollers -- no such luck . It did n't have any suction power and once it started throwing debris out the back after it finally did suck it up , I was so mad , I took it straight to the dumpster.What a waste of time and money . I will have a hard time trusting the Bissell name again .
 I fell in love with the Swivel Sweeper at my cousin 's house , where I babysit 3 preschoolers four days a week , and could n't wait to buy one myself . Unfortunately , I second guessed myself after reading some negative reviews of the Swivel Sweeper and purchased this more positively-reviewed -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- Bissell sweeper about 4 months ago . Big mistake ! I 've been kicking myself ever since.The Bissell sweeper does n't pick up nearly as well as the S.Sweeper and tends to throw the dirt all over the floor - usually to a place where you just swept . The wheels and handle are stiff -LRB- lubricating did n't help -RRB- , making it difficult to maneuver . It 's bulky and too tall to fit under many pieces of furniture , whereas the S.S. has a much lower profile . The S.S. picks up most dirt on the first pass ; with the Bissell , I 'm having to constantly go back and forth over the same spot . By far , the greatest advantage of the S.S. is it 's ability to swivel 360 degrees . At my cousin 's house I can stand in one spot and just swing the S.S. around on the hardwoods at every-which-angle . It 's light and rolls beautifully . The Bissell 's wheels grip the floor and seem stiff - a great disadvantage . It 's like steering a truck - you have to do multiple K-turns and parallel parking-type maneuvers to move it around - sometimes it 's just easier to pick it up off the floor and move it to where you need it . As for corners and edges , the S.S. does a better job.Buyers of the S.S. complained that it appears `` junky '' , and that there are problems keeping a charge . My cousin has owned her Swivel Sweeper for about a year . It 's used numerous times a day , and she has had zero problems with it . On the other hand , the right-hand rotating edge brush on my Bissell quit working after about 2 months . As for the S.S. fragile appearance , do n't judge a book by it 's cover . The Bissell looks great and appears sturdy and substantial , but in my opinion is the lesser product by far .
 Yes , this electric sweeper picks up some dust and lint from floor and carpet , but it spews what it has picked up right back out again . Even if you repeatedly empty the waste container while you are sweeping , you will end up with more dust and dirt on the floor than when you started . You 'll either have to use another appliance , or a broom , to pick up what the sweeper has deposited or get down on your hands and knees to pick up what 's been left on the floor . This product not only does n't do what it is supposed to ; it makes matters worse .
 This Reminds Me Of The Shark Sweeper I Had A Few Years Ago.I Took It Apart , And Found That The Way The Two Round Brushes On The Front Work By A Round Belt That Then Goes Around The Rear Wheels . The Belt Is Too Lose , And Has No Traction On It , So This Allows Slippage , Poor Design.The Storage Bin Is See Thru , Sounds Good But After You Use It A Few Times It Is Just Dirty , And I Would Rather It have A Cover So I Did Not Have To See It.It Is Also A Bit Hard Sometimes To Dump The Bin.We Do Like The Fact That It Is Light , And Easy To Use.One Thing I Have Always Wished Is It Should Have A Self Docking Port Where You Just Push The Cleaner In And It Plugs Its Self In Just So I Would Not Need To Bend Over -LRB- People With Back Problems Would Like This -RRB- . It Would Also Be Nice If They Had A Model With Two Bar Brushes And Not Just The One .
 I just bought my second Bissell perfect turbo floor cleaner . I thought since I learned my lesson of overcharging it I would buy a new one since I ruined the first one . Well I wont even get a chance . It came and it wo n't work . It charges but it wo n't come on unless you keep your hand on the on button . Stupidly the box and papers got thrown out . If I do n't learn my lesson this time I am an idiot.A friend sent me money for Christmas and I spent $ 41.00 on something that wo n't work . No I am not buying a third . Time to look for a vaccum .
 After using this sweeper -LRB- in addition to regular vacuuming -RRB- daily for about a month I realize it does n't have a strong sweep anymore . It appears that the brushes do n't rotate , nor do the side brushes move . Since I initially liked it -LRB- it picked up dirt from a footprint on a rug cleanly -RRB- it seems to not pick up much anymore , and also leaves a lot of sediment behind when you 're done . I kept it plugged in for hours when I anticipated using it so it was fully charged , I used it for both hardwood and low pile rugs , I emptied the canister after each sweeping , and pulled all the hair caught in the roller every time to free it up . I do not recommend this product as I 'm pretty certain it either breaks easily or loses strength in a short amount of time . It 's not worth my time to try to return it , I just advise buyers to not expect much from it .
 This sweeper works fine on carpeted areas , but do n't count on it to pick up much of anything on tile floors . I bought this primarily for use in the kitchen and laundry room areas , which have tile flooring . I easily assembled the sweeper and charged it as directed . We have cats , and this sweeper picked up a small amount of the cat litter , but the majority of it was pushed into the grout lines between tiles and remained there . Regardless of the angle or speed I used to push the sweeper over the grout lines , the litter remained . If you are only using it on carpet or maybe even wood floors , then this is a decent purchase . If you want to use it on tile , do n't waste your money !
 I was initially fairly pleased with the Perfect Sweep Turbo , as it did a reasonable job at quick pick-ups . Did n't take long before one of the edge cleaning brushes stopped working , though . I decided to take a chance and disassembled the unit and was able to get the belt back in place , but I do not recommend this operation as it is a real pain to get everything back together . And as it turns out I should n't have wasted my time , because soon thereafter the battery started giving out . All in all , I 'd say the unit worked for about six months , if you can call 5 minutes of run time working .
 I previously had a cordless vac which I loved . However , it disintegrated after 11/2 years and I had to throw it away . This one does not come close to picking up my floor dust and crumbs as well as the other one . I do like the fact that it does n't have the large charger dock as my other one , but that does n't make up for the lack of efficiency .
 FALSE ADVERTISING!First of all , let me tell you that i have had a 2880-B for 5 years and it was a powerhouse . I then bought a 2880-A in a local store ... not the same . It was n't quite as powerful and broke very quickly - not impressive.When I saw this advertised , -LRB- blue - NOT red -RRB- ... I was excited . BUT BUYER BEWARE . When it arrived it was NOT 2880-B -LRB- blue -RRB- but was the 2880-A -LRB- red -RRB- . FALSE ADVERTISING . If i could give ZERO stars , that 's what they would get!Customer service is non-existent -LRB- you will receive a creepy automated message stating they are n't available -RRB- and they will now charge me a 10 % restocking fee - to take back an item I did n't even buy!Now I 'm stuck with another piece of junk . DO NOT BUY !
 Used this sweeper for the 4th time to find that the right wheel did n't turn freely and the small brush did n't rotate . My husband took it apart to find that the small belt was all stretched out and not staying on so neither the wheel or brush would move smoothely . Unfortunately I threw out the paperwork or you can bet I would have sent it back . My intention was to use it for quick cleaning so that I did n't have to pull my large vacuum out all the time but if this is what Bissell is making I wo n't buy their products any more .
 This sweeper can not handle long dog fur . The first time I used it my Australian Shepherd 's fur wrapped around the brushes and when I tried to carefully untangle it , one of the brushes broke off .
 This is a sweeper with limited capabilities . It does n't get to corners or edges . You have to pile your dirt and then use the sweeper to sweep it in . I do not like it .
 It 's difficult to move the handle some times u use your foot to shut it off and it do n't shut off sometimes u wan na start it and u got ta push the foot petal a few times . . If they would come pick it up they can have it back .
 This unit works excellent , but there 's an engineering flaw . I had an electrolux and a red devil . The electorlux was ok , but worked better in a dustbuster capacity . The Red Devil lost it 's power after a few minuted . This unit is awesome for what it is , but the side sweepers will not work after a few usages . I was going to take it apart and fix the mechanical belt on the left side and clear out the crud on the right side , but it 's not worth my time . The side sweepers are belt driven off of the rear wheels , the engineers should have conected them to the brush head 's rotation , but they probably could n't figure it out because of the speed of the sweepers head and the ratio difference . This is really a one pass unit and somehow it picks dirt and debri without a true vaccum mechanism . I believe that the brush head speed creates the vaccuum . I primarily use this for wooden floors and I am extremely happy with the unit . I think Bissel should reengineer the side sweepers , so just expect them not to work after a few times , just reemphasising that.Bottomline
 I purchased this little sweeper because the reviews here and on consumer Reports were pretty good . The unit was very easy to assemble and does n't take up as much room as the others . It also holds a nice charge.Here 's the phooey part :1 . The side brushes stopped working after the 1st day . After they stopped working , the side brushes started hoarding the dirt rather than feeding it into the sweeper . Prior to my purchase , I was under the assumption that the side brushes were powered by the sweeper ... but it really operates on a push \ pull system . As you push the sweeper ... the brushes rotate . On my second day , I was pushing and it was no longer moving .2 . The dirt bin \ catcher is too small and difficult to clean . I purchased this unit specifically for sweeping up dog hair . It picks up most of the stuff I go over -LRB- NOT ALL -RRB- ... and when I go to empty it out ... I have to pull out the dirt with my hands . It does n't empty out easily . SO ANNNOYING!The dirt compartment opening is so narrow and small ... just emptying it becomes a headache.Bottom line is ... cleaning it can be very annoying ... especially if you 're using it for dog hair . And if the side brushes worked . . I would 've given it a better review .
 Pros
 I have had this sweeper for several months and like others , it 's main purpose was to keep my kitchen floor , laundry room , and basement floors clean . Well , it does pick up larger debris best , but when you go for picking up hair , dust and dirt , it blows a lot of it around , not to mention , I noticed that the entire sweeper itself becomes COVERED in dust . Do n't buy this sweeper if tou expect it to `` suck '' things up . It provides NO suction but a motorized brush roll that spins and rolls things up into the dust cup . I recommend this for occasional use for spills like cereal , rice , etc. . As far as being a tool to `` clean '' your floors , you will be quite disappointed . In fact I only use this now to clean my laundry room area and basement floors to pick up debris so it does n't get tracked in my upstairs .
 I also bought this sweeper based on the review in Consumer Reports -LRB- rated as a `` CR best buy '' and rated much higher than the `` stick vacuum '' I wanted -RRB- . I was looking for something for small daily pickup jobs that I could use between vacuumings . I received the sweeper yesterday and charged it immediately , eager to try it out in our brand new house . We have several types of flooring
 I read the reviews and decided to give it try . Prior to this I was using the Shark which I loved but could not find anywhere else . . Anyway I 've had 2 day and the brush on the left side stopped working and then the bigger brush stopped working altogether . The unit is also hard to maneuver and squeeks uncontrollably . I 've repacked and its on its way back for a refund ...
 I bought this to pick up dog hair and small debris in my kitchen , entry way , and on the stairs . It does n't pick up dog hair very well at all . It picks up some , but then it just pushes the rest around and leaves it on the carpet . The collection bin is not very big . I am disappointed in this product . Good thing I still have the box and receipt .
 We have a very furry golden retriever . She sheds a lot . We also have a first floor which is all oak flooring . To keep the fur from becoming tumble weeds , we need to sweep everyday . It is tough to sweep under furniture well.We have an Oreck vacuum , which is corded , and loud . The Bissell Perfect Sweep Turbo looked like a great alternative to the vacuum and sweeping . Seems like it could reach under furniture and easily clean stairs.The Bissell works , but not very well . We only use it on oak floors . It really does n't pick all our pup 's fur . It has a very small compartment that the pet hair and dust fill . Once you have used the Bissell , it never seems clean again.It was n't expensive , at all , so I 'm not upset . I just ca n't recommend it .
 My old and tired quick sweeper died after three years of daily use . Because of it 's reputation , I bought The Bissell `` perfect `` s sweeper '' turbo thinking that it might be as good as my other sweeper . The Bissell does nothing but make alot of noise , does not pick up anything from my berber carpet AND if it is in a good mood , it just might pick up one or two fur balls . False advertising to the point of disgust . THE SINGLE STAR REPRESENTS THE SELLER 'S QUICK DELIVERY RESPONSE . Shame on the seller and Amazon 's integrity in checking out products and sellers .
 I bought this on Sat. , 1/13 , and returned it Mon. , 1/15 !!!! It charged up perfectly fine , but when I went to use it , despite the `` quiet '' sound , I was amazed at how it was `` bearing down '' on the carpet !!!! It was actually slightly tough to push , due to this !! Our carpet is only a year old , in `` loop '' style , so I promptly returned it , as I was afraid it would `` pull '' at all the loops ! YIKES !!!! Maybe great for regular floors , but I DID NOT find it carpet-friendly , at all !
 Alright , I bought this based on below customer review.It doesnt pick up anything , really . I had shark before this and that worked fine compared to this . Do n't buy it if you expect pick up anything . Waist of money .
 I am very surprised by the positives reviews on amazon . This thing is completely wimpy . It really does n't pick up pet hair or bugs off the hardwood . A waste of money and less efficient and useful than a broom .
 The only good thing about this can opener is the nice look , otherwise it is a piece of junk . It was practically impossible to open a can with it and the top piece broke after only a week . I repeat - Do n't Buy It !! The worse can opener I have ever used in my entire life .
 The ONLY thing going for this can opener is the nice look , other then that it is a totally inferior product . Does not operate correctly and top piece broke on it after only a week . Worst performance of a can opener I have ever used in my lifetime . : -LRB-
 Do not buy any Breezaire product and do not buy from Beverage Factory . I have owned 2 and the first broke after 5 years and the 2nd never worked and i had to eventually eat the $ 1,100 cost . The service is terrible and the warranty is too . The only think worse than the service and the warranty is the product itself .
 The only thing worse than a Breezaire product is the company 's service . I have owned 2 Breezaire cooling units and neither worked consistently even when they were brand new . When you seek customer service , they blame you for their product not working . My recommendation
 Purchased a vinocraft cellar that was powered by a Breezaire cooling unit . When the cooling unit failed , the manufacturer -LRB- Breezaire -RRB- failed to provide warranty support , even though it was within the warranty period and despite pressure from the retailer -LRB- KLWines -RRB- because the cabinet manufacterer folded . Perhaps technically within the letter of the warranty , but certainly not the spirit . These guys are just plain unreliable ... if they had a good product , they 'd stand behind it . Given the comments on various online forums about cooling unit failures , I have to wonder if they have a high number warranty claims , which would explain expeiences such as mine where they attempt to avoid what most manufacturers would treat as a legitamite claim .
 Do not buy from Breezaire , their warranty means nothing , and they do not stand behind their product . They will tell you to send the unit back at your cost , then tell you the unit ca n't be fixed for less than a new unit . Worst customer service I 've ever seen , Amazon should not sell their products .
 Unfortunately , I 've had a similar experience with my Breezeaire . It has leaked on my twice , the unit runs constantly , and the service is not good.It is too important of a purchase not to buy a reliable product . I 'd go with another brand .
 Ordered this over Amazon and it stopped working properly after a month . The iron shuts off promptly after heating up to adequate temperature . Neither Amazon or the manufacturer would stand behind their product after 30 days . Be careful and use it alot before 30 days is up !
 This product developed a faulty power cord after only a year . The auto off function is directly linked to the position of the power cord and the thing would only stay on if the cord was untwisted and swiveled in a certain position . After about a year and a half the iron stopped turning on altogether.If it had lasted longer the iron would have been great . It is heavy with a stainless steel face that stayed relatively crud free .
 this iron has leaked from day one . It leaks when I am pressing , It leaks when I set it on the heel . I have contacted the manufacturer , but all I got was some `` canned '' response . The suggestion was of no help . For a `` highly rated '' product with a price tag to match , this iron has finally hit the trash can after 21/2 years . My replacement ???? A Black and Decker for $ 39 . It has not leaked once . So price is not always a good indicator of quality ... Thanks ,
 This product worked great for almost five years until it developed a leak . I 've learned online that this leak is common and is due to a poorly designed seal between plastic and steel pieces . Obviously , Rowenta does n't care about those who use their products if they design something so poorly . You 'd think they outsource their engineering to Kenmore , expert of the `` break a day after warranty '' gimmick . There 's nothing duo power about this when it 's sitting in a puddle of is own water.I pulled a B&D ; that I 'd recovered from the trash years ago . It does the job without leaking . Never again , Rowenta!I gave it two stars rather than one as it gave us five good years . I guess we 're some of the lucky ones with this unit .
 I know that this model has probably been discontinued , but the remarks I have may be relevant for Rowenta irons in general . I purchased my Rowenta DX6900 about 18 months ago at Tuesday Morning for $ 50 . I have taken very good care to make sure it does n't fall and get damaged . It has not met my expectations for dependability . I have used tap water or spring water consistently . -LRB- Does Tuesday Morning sell items that have been sent back to manufactures with defects , i.e. seconds ? -RRB- It is leaking from the bottom while in the standing position . Vast quantities -- about half of the volume -- have poured onto my ironing board . The steam is inconsistent , too . Looking on the internet , I learned from a man who makes small appliance repairs that it is a seal that is not affixed properly.I truly thought that buying a brand with a good reputation would result in complete satisfaction with the product , but this is not so in this case .
 After 1 year power started to work on and off depending on position of the wire . Impossible to open iron and check the problem . After 1 day of work I managed to do it . Power cable was broken inside . In German iron for this price - totally unacceptable .
 I wanted an iron that was not made in China.The Rowenta DX6900 is suppose to be made in Germany so I bought it , have only had it for 2 months and it now leaks from the heat adjustment knob . Fill it up and in an hour it is sitting in a pool of water . I only buy a product once and if it fails in the first year I will never buy from them again .
 I bought the Rowenta brand because of the great reviews and the reputation that it was the best brand of irons . I will never own another Rowenta iron because I have had 2 of them and neither lasted more than 1-1/2 years . First they started leaking and then it just died . Switched to Black & Decker and the performance is better than I had with the Rowenta . Hopefully its longevity will be better as well .
 Owning a Rowenta that faied within the first year I went the nearest Target and asked for the black Rowenta 6900 man 's iron , only to find that it and model D2030 were not in stock as they described.Not ready to leave I saw a Black and Decker digital advantage model . I could have bought either of the other displayed Rowenta 's but I choose the B/D model w/o a box . It was a 75 % off close out.Returning home I logged on to Con . Rep. site to find that this model wasa best buy . Plenty of steam at a good price . It also shuts off the steam with setting less than 4 ... 1-acryllic 7 . - linen.All this for $ 14.95 drive out!Berne AbriolaWest Columbia , Tx
 If you are in the market for top of the line Lagioule these are not the knives for you . They are not the serrated edge steak knives that you find . Lagioule makes several TIERS of knives that they put on the market , I thought I had found a good deal . Only to find that the blade was flimsy and the edge was plain -LRB- that of a table knife -RRB- . If you are looking for a steal and do n't care much about the quality of the knife , this is a good price . Otherwise I am much happier to just spend $ 500 dollars on what I am looking for . I will note that I appreciate the ` Wine Enthusiasts ' for an easy and hassle-free return , and although I did not check the whole website I am sure that they have quality items in their inventory .
 Pic 's of bowels make them look like 20 oz . sizes . Bowels are 4 oz . size . No dimensions/capacity listed in description . Bowels are so small that I do n't know what I 'll ever use them for . Return shipping cost + hassle not worth the effort .
 I ordered more than one case of the Progresso Italian Wedding Soup . Silly , I know ... but I was buying `` Progresso '' , and the illustration implied a nicely chunky product -- full of pasta , meatballs , spinach and other veggies in a flavorful broth . Unfortunately , that turned out to not be the case . The soup was watery . Watery ! And bland ! And worst of all , the microwave cup contained that looked like what I would expect from one of those anonymous generic soups you can spot in a Wannabe WallyWorld discount grocery store , not in a container from a brand touting itself as so much richer/better than Campbell 's , et al. . Now , I got ta figure out a way to liven up those two cases of tasteless , very sparsely populated `` Italian Wedding Soup '' . Maybe I 'll throw in some `` good ole '' mild Sam 's Club Salsa . Yeah , that 's the ticket . Definitely wo n't buy another can of Progresso Italian Wedding Soup , much less a case of the stuff .
 You can find these for around $ 7 at your local grocery store . Sometimes turning to Prime for everything you need can come back to bite you ... I wasted $ 24 on 3 cases of jars from Amazon since I did not price check locally first . So much for frugal canning .
 The size is perfect for the Black and Decker Countertop Convection oven Model T01675W . -LRB- This model can hold a 9 inch pie pan or cake pan . -RRB- There is plenty of room for the heat to circulate around the sides of each `` pan '' in this set.However , I found , like other reviewers , that the non-stick coating is poorly/cheaply applied . Only after a few uses and washings it started to come off . -LRB- And I did not scrub it hard and only used a soft sponge . -RRB- Since I found this identical set at Marshalls for $ 10 , I still consider it worth the money as the Black and Decker parts would have cost me 4x as much -LRB- plus S/H -RRB- . However , I would not pay the $ 16 - $ 20 that Amazon has been and currently is charging for it .
 The packing says it is dishwasher safe , but the cake pan was rusted in the corners after the first washing before I ever used it . If you call Chicago Metallic for the 25 year warranty you will have to pay to ship it to them and IF they determine it 's defective , they will mail you a new one -LRB- which would probably rust too -RRB- . Will be trying to return this to the store - hopefully they will take it back .
 The construction of the roast pan is ridiculous . Picture folding paper into a roast pan , -LRB- think origami -RRB- that is what they did but with a sheet of metal instead of paper . Food and whatnot can get into the folds . I washed it anyway , thought I would try it , and it started to rust . I returned it .
 I was looking for a replacement set for our Krups tabletop convection oven , and this was NOT it . Way too small .
 I was optimistic when I received these pans , as they seemed well made and the materials were quite sturdy . The size of the pans was great . They would fit perfectly in my toaster oven . However , the first time I used the cookie sheet at 325F , the pan warped . I did not expect this , as the pan feels quite thick and has a weight to it . Also the wire rack that can be used in either the cookie sheet or the cake pan rocks when placed in either pan . I have not used the other two pans -LRB- muffin tin and cake pan as of yet , so I ca n't comment on how they react to heat .
 That review of product 's not accurate . I do n't know . Did n't use them . They looked really good in the package . Bought them with the Panasonic Flash Xpress Toaster Oven and they do n't fit so I had to return them .
 While these pans are a perfect size for use with a toaster/convection oven , they rust . Let me say that again . Here , in the 21st century , these baking pans rust . Just like cookware did in the 19th c. I will confess that I do n't have a dishwasher so I allow the pans to air dry . This was probably a mistake . In my defense , no other piece of cookware that I own rusts ... at all . Now the pans all have unclean-able rust stains throughout . They 're still useable , you just have to get used to the brown spots that wo n't go away . Personally I think buying a little more up-market product would be worth consideration .
 Does n't fit my standard toaster oven . Therefore , it is stashed into my kitchen hutch and has remained unused . Boo hiss
 I bought the pan set for the Panasonic Flash Xpress Toaster Oven . First of all , the muffin pan does not fit in the oven even though Amazon put it together . Also , the flat pan barely fit in the oven . The pan warped and I threw it away . I think I still have the cake pan .
 I am sad to say that I am very disappointed with this item . So far I have only used the cookie pan , but I 've used it about two dozen times over the course of about 2 months -LRB- mostly to make baked bacon , which is awesome by the way -RRB- . It was great because it was so easy to clean , I was really happy with it . Now it 's suddenly warping when exposed to heat in the oven , even at low temperatures -LRB- 250-300 degrees -RRB- . Opposite corners of the sheet start to curl towards each other , rendering it unusable.I 'm not going to return the product yet because it 's possible the other items wo n't behave this way , and I 'm looking forward to making muffins . But I 'm really disappointed in the cookie sheet .
 This pan is awful you get what you pay for . Cheaply made even when you spray pan egg sticks when you fold pan parts of the egg falls out . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 I have been looking for this item for a few years but could n't find it in stores . Now I know why ! Though it is a great idea the results are not good . After extensive spraying with cooking spray the omelet still stuck to the pan and was hard to remove . It also comes out really rubbery for some reason . I would not recommend this item .
 When I used this pan I was very disappointed in the way the eggs cooked . It browned the eggs before the inside was done . Would not recommend this item .
 As others have said , the metal on this pan is so super thin , that it warped on the first try.The metal started to give off a noxious odor , like the non-stick element was separating from the metal . My omelette came out tasting and smelling like chemicals , and this thing went right in the trash.This company ought to be ashamed of themselves for producing such a piece of garbage .
 I ordered this omellet pan but never received it as it was sent to the wrong address . I had emailed Amazon about this mistake and never received a reply . I am very dissappointed , that as a customer , I would not even hear from them .
 Eggs stick to pan even after spraying with Pam . When the lid closes it leaks through the slot where the two pieces join . Mine also had a dent in it when arrived .
 This pan is not worth buying at all in my opinion if you plan on using it long term . It changed colors and became very dull after the first wash .
 Too light weight . Becomes rough inside after a couple of uses even though well buttered before any eggs put in . Want a better pan next . You get what you pay for . Will look for a better pan soon .
 This is the worst pan I have ever purchased . I have tried cooking eggs in this pan twice and each time it was a disaster ! The eggs stick to the bottom of the pan even though I sprayed it with cooking spray and added butter . I feel like I just gave this company $ 12.00 of my money . I threw the pan away because it was not worth the frustration and reminder of what a poor purchase I made !
 The metal in this is very thin and the handles are already loose after 2 uses . But the main complaint is that when you flip this pan , it leaks . Not matter how fast you flip it , some of the egg goo leaks out on your stove . Definitely not worth the money .
 On the first use of The Progressive Int . Omelet Pan the non-stick surface failed , causing the omelet to stick and burn and rendering the pan useless for any future use . I would strongly recommend against the purchase of this omelet pan .
 I found it to be Flumsy , very unpredictable . I regret this purchase . Omelet 's burn easily . I am so disappointed . Turn out to be a big waste of money .
 its cheaply made an the black pain i will call it chipped off with in a week of experimenting with it . dont waist your money
 This product is a piece of cheap junk . The first day I used it the handle broke , the flip side of the pan came apart , could not re-attach it , so I threw it the garbage . Lesson learned ... Do n't waste your money and shipping charges on this omelet pan , there are far better ones out there .
 We 've tried this pan several times with olive oil spray , butter and a generic spray and the pan had a serious sticking problem each time . I would not recommend this item .
 This pan is a total wste of money . I used it once and it 's ready for the garbage can . It dose n't even fit properly on the largest of my electriv burners . Do n't waste your money , this thing is really cheap quality .
 I do n't usually respond to these things , but this time I felt that a warning was due
 I used to have one with a hinge all along the back ... this has two rivets on each edge ... . so the omlette pieces -LRB- and raw egg -RRB- will leak or fall out when you fold it closed or flip it . And - I think it is supposed to be non-stick ... but the metal is so thin , I cooked one omlette -LRB- the first one -RRB- and it burned in one area in the center and the burn will not come off the pan ... back to the thrift stores to find a durable older one I guess .
 I received this pan as a Christmas gift and ca n't believe what a piece of junk it is . Please do n't waste your money or insult anyone with this garbage . Cheaply made , plastic and paper thin teflon coated metal . I ca n't believe people would even consider buying this garbage . If you want quality cookware , purchase Anolon , Calphalon , All-Clad , etcetra .
 Oh my gosh ... when you get the pan it comes disassembled , so you have to screw the handle together . Well , I used it once and the handle came right off while cooking . Now , the screw is stripped and it ca n't be put back ! I used it only once ! Well that was the most expensive omelet I ever had . Aside from the handle , overall it is a very cheap pan and it does not look like it will last very long . I 'm going to return this item.Please save your money !
 This pan went into the garbage after the first use . I bought this to replace an older model that scratched after years of use . We made one omelette which stuck terribly to the pan . Once we got it out of the pan , we noticed the pan had warped . In all the years we had the other one , this never happened . Buy a conventional omelette pan and you will be much happier .
 I bought this from my local BBB store thinking that I can finally enjoy my omelets without extra work . Boy was I wrong!First of all , this thing comes disassembled with absolutely no directions of how to put it together.Second , the material it is made from is just pure garbage . I put it on med high stove , closed it for a few minutes so that it will be hot enough , and when I was ready to pour eggs in there , the smoke started to come from the inside . The interior coating was burned and it just peeled off!I 'm glad that this actually happened BEFORE I made anything in it , because something that comes off that easily is sure to be in your food.Save your money and buy something else .
 First of all , the pan came with a broken handle . When the shipper would n't respond I had to contact the manufacturer for a replacement handle which I promptly received . This pan is supposed to have a nonstick surface which it does not and there were no instructions included which would have been nice to have as well as recipes . It is a useless product .
 The pan arrived promptly enough . However , the first time I used it , it blistered and the non-stick coating burned off , despite my following the directions that came with the pan . I did n't think it deserved the rating Amazon gave it .
 I was expecting a thick , heavier material but instead got the same exact cheap material that I had purchased at walmart for $ 5 . Its so thin that you can not keep it on the table when you wipe it - it moves around because it is not heavy enough to stay put . And there was no tissue paper that some of the other reviewers mentioned . Whats going on ?? Did they change the product to a cheaper one and not update the description ? Very very dissapointed .
 Whell , I was hoping for a thick , plastic tablecloth that stays in one place and protects my table from my disturbingly messy kids . Well one out of three aint ' baaaad ! Actually , it is a bit sucky , because it is thin and slides around a lot ... think of those paper tablecloths from birthday parties , but not quite as bad . Hey , it IS better than nothing though . I s ` pose it 's worth the twelve bucks to protect my table long enough to order a better tablecloth . Eh , whaddya gon na do ?
 Company was out of the size that I ordered . Rather than notify me , they sent a different size and when I contacted them they suggested I just cut it . That defeats the purpose of ordering a specific size with trim around the edge ! Was not worth the shipping to return so they refunded cost .
 This plastic is just so difficult to unwrinkle ! I do like the trim stitching but that is all I liked . I think if you ca n't find one cheaper at walmart or ?? this may suit your needs . But for me it just did n't work . Maybe for kids and art it wo n't matter but ...
 I had always seen these clocks in movies and TV , and when I saw it on amazon , I knew I had to have one . The first one I got did n't wag it 's tail or move it 's eyes . The product actually has it 's own troubleshooting directions . I had to take out the eyes and tail and clean them , and it was a huge hassle . I just bought the thing , I should n't have to already be fixing it . I still could n't fix it , so I eventually called the company and got a replacement after being jerked around for a while . The new one I got worked for a while and just recently now has stopped working again.So sum up , it looks cute , but seriously , do n't bother , it 's not worth it .
 I received my Breadman in a timely manner . After opening the box , I noticed that the mixing blade was missing . I contacted the company through their Customer Service website , told them of the problem and asked them to send me a blade . My response was `` I 'll see what I can do . '' I never received a blade or any other contact from the company . I will be returning my machine and requesting a full refund . I will never deal with this company again !
 I just opened this item , which was listed for $ 89.99 one week ago -LRB- I see now that it 's gone up to $ 119 -RRB- . It 's obvious that the item I received was previously opened or used , because 1 -RRB- the twist-ties that secure some of the items have clearly been untied and tied again , and 2 -RRB- the exterior plastic pieces on the breadmaker have lots of little scratches in them , a telltale sign that they 've been cleaned . I resent the fact that Amazon is representing this item as new -LRB- or that they 're dealing with such a questionable supplier -RRB- , especially now that I see other reviewers have received this breadmaker in used condition as well . Perhaps I still would have purchased the item knowing it was `` open box , '' but certainly not for $ 90 . I 'm now awaiting word from headquarters as to how to proceed . Buyer beware !
 Was returned , as it was defective . It appeared to have been sent to someone else before me . Would not recommend this seller . I did receive a full refund .
 I received this as a wedding gift from a dear friend of my Wife 's , as we used Amazon for one of our two wedding registries . Unfortunately , I waited until today to open the box after receiving it in mid-April . Thank god for Amazon 's customer service . They agreed to let me return it with no squabbling , because it was a gift and the product was not as ordered . Our friend ordered a new breadmaker , we received a used/refurbished one.I wanted to read the reviews for the machine and see any tips or tricks . I was extremely disturbed to read that MANY people received refurbished products after paying new prices , and that many units stopped working after short periods of time . I read about the warning signs that you 've received a refurbished product , opened the box , and sure enough , they were everywhere.The interior of the unit was all scratched up , the plastic top was scuffed up , and there was no plastic cover on the LCD screen . Everything else seemed to be OK , but at that point I had read enough D.O.A. / died after a few uses reviews to not want to bother with the machine.Growing up , my Mom had one bread machine for over 15 years , and as far as I know it still worked when she gave it to a friend and bought a new one . It was a Zojirushi . After reading what everyone else has gone through with this P.O.S. , I 'm going to go with a company that has a long standing reputation with this particular type of appliance . I may pay a little more , but like most things in life , it 's worth paying for quality.Let me restate this succinctly : You should not give your money to a company that abuses customers this way , no matter how good the product is . In this case , the product is terrible as well.I understand there are always the outliers , people who get one and it works great for years . But at this point , there are enough seriously bad reviews to warrant avoiding this company entirely . They are dishonest .
 I can not believe any company trying to survive a recession would send their customers refurbished , defective , and even dirty items !! What are they thinking ? I will never purchase this company 's product ever and I will certainly make my family and friends aware of their disgusting and unethical performance . Amazon should be ashamed as well putting old reviews at the top and burying this company 's deceptive practices that are very clear from another board on this site that I have since found .
 When I received this machine , I thought it was refurbished.I gave it a try anyway and was so disappointed by the bread it made -LRB- the dough did n't raise much , it did not bake well . . -RRB- that I returned it to Amazon .
 I bought this model from Amazon in a promotion late 2008 . In warranty period , I had two replacements of the whole machine , the first replacement from Amazon , the second from the manufacture . I probably should not complain here since with the money I paid , I used three units . The processes of getting replacements with Amazon and the manufacture were smooth though . The machines all worked fine at first . Then after some time , the first two units had dirty stuff coming out from the paddle . This third unit had wearing at the spinning part and caused a lot of noise . I use the machine once or twice a week . None of the unit lasted more than 6 months.This brand is my first experience with bread machine . No experience with other products made by other manufacturers . But I had enough with this brand .
 This breadmaker was defective , had to send it back and I am still waiting for my refund . I was not pleased . Thank you .
 Had much difficulty removing the bread pan on the very first try . But then it came out so I followed the manufacturer instructions to clean and do the initial burn off cycle . After the burn off , the pan could not be removed at all -LRB- as describe by several other reviewers on amazon and elsewhere on the web . -RRB- Obviously a flawed design . Very unfortunate for me , I was really looking forward to using it . But I 'll continue doing it the old fashioned way in my own oven .
 I can not understand why all the good reviews about this machine are about , I bought it based on the reviews but my results are far from satisfactory . So far we 've baked three loaf of bread and not a single one was even okey.Red mill , regular and cinnamon bread , also Pamela 's sandwich bread , what a disaster . I wont even feed it tomy dog ... One was under baked , one did not raise , and the last one was hard as a rock . Are they any suggestions?Gluten free flours tent to be a bit dry but come on I was under the impression that the machine could deliverdecent quality . We follow the bag instructions , measuring and leaving the egg at room temperature , we usedoil instead of butter looking for a semi-soft loaf of bread , added the liquid first and the dry last , stillcan not understand what we are doing wrong . The machine seems to be in good shape working properly . I amreally tired of paying the high price of gluten free breads , no having a choice , I seek help , ideas or comments .
 I excitedly opened my new Breadman bread maker . My son has been diagnosed with food allergies that means we need to make most of his foods from scratch . This bread maker was going to be a blessing . I opened it , all the pieces appeared there . I followed the instructions to wash it and run it through a quick cycle empty to burn off chemicals . It was noisy , but appeared to be doing it 's thing . Then I loaded it with -LRB- expensive , specialized -RRB- ingredients , set it and pushed start ... . nothing . No noise , nothing . The timer was counting down , so I let it go . I restarted it two more times and inspected it to make sure I had the bread pan properly installed - I did . Nothing . I ended up attempting to finish the loaf off by hand , cooking in the oven , in an attempt to save the ingredients.My husband looked up the reviews and saw that many people had had trouble with the Breadman.I hope that Amazon `` will do the right thing '' when it comes to returning it and getting my money back . -LRB- Maybe they should n't work with this company anymore . -RRB- I do NOT recommend the Breadman TR875 Stainless Steel Breadmaker .
 I had ordered this product from Amazon and stated it was sold by Amazon . When I received the product , I noticed the box and the packing slip were not sent from Amazon . Upon opening the box , the machine had scratches on the top , three dents on the sides , the protective film was removed from the Op panel and the manual looked like it had been read as if it was a best seller . The bread pan had been used and there was still burnt dough on the side . I looked at the unsatisfactory ratings -LRB- 1 & 2 star -RRB- and was surprised to learn this was a common complaint . I sent it back immediately to Amazon . It appears to me , Slaton Corp who sells the Breadman , is sending used machines to customers , who have ordered new machines and paying full price . Who knows how many times this machine has been used before you receive it or what the issue is . If they do n't check the product for scratches , dents and burnt dough , I strongly doubt their concerned about the operational aspect . This is a misrepresentation of the product and it should have been advertised as used . The business practice is unethical and with these tough economic times today , this is not the time to test the waters by misrepresenting your product to the public and appears to be a very short term plan by Slaton . I am grateful that Amazon stand 's behind their products .
 I have order THREE of these in the last two weeks trying to get ONE that actually was n't damaged . The first one arrived Christmas morning with a BIG dent in it . The second one arrive with a dent AND had CRUMBS in it ! The third one just arrived -- and you guess it - was DENTED and had dust and dirt in it ! I give up ! Amazon has a SERIOUS quality assurance problem with these units ! I would STRONGLY suggest that if you really want this Bread Machine that you wait until they get another `` batch '' -- or find another retailer .
 I got this through Amazon for $ 79.99 . It is a used unit with scratches . The worst is that it does n't work right . The unit never stops unless it is unplugged . Once plugged in , it will go to whatever menu it chooses and never stop again . I called the customer service , and was told that a replacement would be sent to me . I need to wait and see that happen . Regardless , it does n't worth the hassel .
 Did n't even get one loaf out of this thing . Received it for Christmas but did n't get around to opening it until recently . Out of the box , I cleaned it and ran the burn-off rapid cycle , but when I tried to make my first loaf , the paddle spun 3 times and stopped . I could hear the motor switch operating , but the paddle would n't spin at all . This thing is JUNK ! Since Amazon 's going to stick me for a reduced refund because it 's past the 30-day return period , even though I just opened it , I 'll try my luck sending it straight to the manufacturer . BEWARE THIS POORLY MADE MACHINE .
 I am making my first loaf in this bread machine and I am very disappointed . I had to open it to push down unmixed dough . Plus it is VERY LOUD . The other machine I have used in the past is far superior . I am returning it .
 I bought this due to all the great reviews and could not believe when it arrived ... it was used . Amazon sent a replacement and this time not only was it used and scratched but also dirty . I 've also noticed the price has increased $ 20 or so . I 'm done getting appliances from Amazon ... Never again !!!
 I received this for Christmas . I tried to use it for the first time and I could not get the machine to work . I called the help number , and an hour later , with someone telling what to do , it still would not work . A button was broken on the machine and therefore it would not operate at all . I was told to fax my invoice and then send the machine back after I called them to get an RMA . It took me over 4 weeks to get the bread machine back . But they did not send me the TR875-2 machine that I purchased and sent back because it was under warranty - instead they sent me the TR2828 machine that was `` refurbished '' and they do not even sell this machine anymore . From what I can gather - this machine is from the year 2000 . I called to complain and they said the instrution manual states under their warranty policy that they can send any machine back in place of the defective machine . Needless to say , I am stuck with this used machine . I will never recommend Breadman to anyone , and regret not buying a better known brand appliance .
 I ordered this machine . I was very excited when it came . I followed the instructions to run the machine empty to burn off any oil residue . The machine quit half way through this . It never turned on again . I called the manufacturer . The customer service person I spoke to said `` You must have burned out the motor . This happens all the time . '' What kind of product is this ? It should n't be sold at all . Now I have to go through the inconvenience of returning the machine .
 Exterior box and breadmaker package in perfect condition and sealed . When opened , the front was dented , the word Breadman was scatched and smeared and there were fingerprints on lid -LRB- underneath a loose plastic bag to make it appear new -RRB- . Never had a bad experience like this with Amazon . Since this was purchased from our bridal registry , and had no paperwork inside , it seems there is nothing we can do . I do n't even want to use it or have it on the counter because all I see is a glaring dent in the front center .
 We purchased this breadmaker on November 29 , 2007 . The only complaint that I had was that I had to struggle to remove the pan , and would have assigned it a four star rating for that reason . That was last week.We lost the paddle and phoned Salton to order a replacement . We were informed that the part was no longer available , but they would replace the entire machine as long we could provide proof of purchase dated within the one year warranty period . When we told them we could supply a printout of our Amazon invoice , they informed us that Amazon was not an authorized dealer and therefore they would not replace our machine.First of all , replacing and shipping a large machine when only a small part is required is costly and wasteful . What happened to recycle and reduce ?? I think it is unscrupulous that this company continues to sell this product without providing replacement parts . They also seem to have some problems honoring their warranty . I certainly can not recommend buying this machine.Please , if anyone can assist us in locating a replacement paddle , we would be most appreciative .
 I took a chance on this Breadman , since I only had my previous Breadman Deluxe for a little over a year before the bread pan started leaking out the bottom . I was going to give it a chance and was completely disappointed.Upon arrival , the Bread Machine did not ever work ; every time I pressed start the error code was E00 or E01 . E00 and E01 are error codes for the unit is too cold or too hot , respectively . This would make sense had I baked bread , but I never did . These errors were present from the time I took it out of the box . I 'd press start , E01 would flash . I 'd unplug and let it sit for about 20 minutes . I 'd plug it in , press start again , E00 would flash . This went back and forth until I gave up , put it in the box , and shipped it right back out.Last , there is some evidence to back this up but I can not claim that this next statement is 100 % fact , but here ya go . I am almost positive that the Breadmaker I received had already been returned once . Evidence
 I bought this bread machine 6 months ago , and it burned out completely after three months . I did n't use it excessively , or cause it to burn out in any way . Also , the oversized control buttons on the unit felt cheaply made when pushed , and sometimes would n't push in properly . I would avoid this bread machine !
 Listen very carefully to the negative reviews ... or semi-negative reviews . They are more dead-on than the positive reviews . I too received a product that appears to have been returned and an attempt to be refurbished . There was glue coming out of the panel , and the menu button was sticking , and would not let me choose my options . The `` loaf '' button did not allow any choices at all , and when I tried to `` stop '' the machine , it continued . The accessory kit was broken as well . It did n't even bake the bread properly . My 15 year old bread maker works better , and it is on it 's way out ... -LRB- I ordered this NEW , nothing stated `` refurbished '' or otherwise . -RRB- 0 stars ZERO STARS BEWARE ! AND CHECK OUT THE OTHER COMPLAINTS ... Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless SteelBreadmanTR875 Breadmaker , 2 LB .5 / 4/2008 Well in my quest to buy a bread machine , I have found none like the one I am replacing . I went on Ebay & found the exact same bread machine that I am trying to replace -LRB- Regal Kitchen Pro K6745S -RRB- ; and practically new . -LRB- It is hard to find . -RRB- I have had mine so long , I know that it is a better choice than trying to look for a machine made recently . I 'm so familiar with the way it works , that I have successfully gotten it to work with gluten-free bread on the rapid cycle ; even though the machine does not have a `` gluten-free '' cycle .
 I order thousands of dollars of DVD 's and other merchadise from amazon , and sometimes they really screw up . They sent me a referbished machine , not new and did n't tell me . It did n't word longer than a few moments before it stopped for good . I could have bought it from Target for the same price and it would have been new . I guess I have to think again about where I order my stuff if they try and sell used merchandise as new .
 My brother gave me a Breadman for Christmas years ago . When it finally gave up the ghost after years of intensive use , I decided to replace with another Breadman . What a mistake!It worked allright for about the first 3-4 uses , after which I decided to send in my registration info -LRB- I always like to make sure I 'm going to keep the product first -RRB- . Shortly after that , I began hearing a dreadful grinding noise on the knead cycle ! Many emails and calls back and forth to `` customer care '' have resolved nothing . There is no service center in my area , the date code on the machine renders it out of warranty , I ca n't find the original receipt , and they wo n't tell me , from my registration info , where I bought it -LRB- which would help me locate the receipt -RRB- . Yeah , maybe my filing system sucks , but I would at least expect a more courteous response than , `` We ca n't locate your registration info , but you can buy the latest model for $ 140 . `` Will definitely be looking for a different model next time !
 I bought this bread machine on May 15 , 2009 online here at Amazon.com . I went with the free shipping so I received it about 10 days later . The product arrived with a 1.5 inch scratch on the front of the unit , but it did n't affect the function of the unit so I was passive about paying full price for a damaged unit . It did n't seem worth the hassle.I used the bread machine about weekly and made bread and dough for pizza and cinnamon rolls . It worked nicely , but I found it difficult to neatly cut the bread in the loaf pan included in the bread machine so I switched to using it to prepare the dough and then I would take it out and allow it to rise the final time in a loaf pan and then I cooked it in the oven . The size of a regular loaf pan is much easier to cut nicely.Unfortunately this past weekend -LRB- June 27 -RRB- this bread machine stopped working . I tried different outlets and giving it time to recoup between trying to use it . Amazon.com reported it was past the time of my return window -LRB- it ended June 22 -RRB- so I was stuck dealing with the company on the bread machine.I called Breadman -LRB- ACP -RRB- today and they do n't have this model , but have a similar model on BACKORDER that I they will send me . What I have to do is write a letter and include the cord from the bread machine . They said to cut it right off . Then I need to ship through a `` trackable '' method . When asked to define what trackable meant and what they wanted me to do with it , they said that confirmation of delivery was fine . They do not send you a no postage paid address slip . I have to be inconvenienced and pay for shipping . And wait for a product that is similar to the one I purchased that is on BACKORDER . Then they told me I had to pay for the shipping of the new product coming to me ... . after explaining how unfair this was -LRB- and in my head knowing it will take forever for them to process the cord and letter I send them and put my name on the back order list and finally send me a replacement -RRB- they finally gave in and waived the shipping charges for the new product.Happy when it worked , even though it came with a scratch . Very unhappy with the process that ensues when it stopped working .
 I 've had this machine for about a year and made about 40 loaves of bread in it . While it works , I 've had one problem after another with it . The bottom of the pan dented around the stem very early on and I have to pull out the dent once in a while . The rectangular pan tends to catch dry ingredients in the corners -- I either have to be there to scrape them out with a spatula or I end up with half-mixed dough on the corners of the finished bread . The mixing paddle appears to be made of nonstick stuff but the bread inevitably sticks to it and I lose a big chunk out of the loaf getting it out . The paddle is also hard to get out and hard to get clean . In the last few months , the display has started to go out while the bread bakes so I ca n't tell how much time is left . I would not buy this machine again .
 The negative reviews are spot on . I checked this machine over and noted that the black lid had scuff/worn marks on the top that could not be cleaned off . There were 3 dents and dark scuffs in the stainless steel body . Also mysteriously absent were the little plastic sealers that are used to cover the electronics , etc.Just not going to pay full price for a refurbished/used item . Guess I will just have to get a different bread machine or try to find this in the store new .
 The maker of this bread machine did not supply the kneading attachment with the order . When I contacted them -LRB- and their numerous affiliates -RRB- , they responded that they no longer made the replacement product ... discontinued . I was also given the runaround from one affiliate to another.I would have to return it . Right there , that does n't make any sense at all . No one from the company responded by name when dealing with them , just a generic email . I had to send the first one back , only to find that the second one also did not have the kneading attachment . No sense of being sorry from the company at all . Totally unprofessional . I will be looking out for items sold by Salton and its affiliates , and never buying from them again . I encourage everyone else to do the same .
 Well . . I wanted to write a review for quite a while , but since it just quit working -LRB- after less than 1.5 years , used once every 3 days or so -RRB- , I figured it 's about time . I was looking for a replacement to a < $ 50 bread machine that was noisy and had one of the metals clips holding bread pan in place broken.Positives
 I just bought this item & have made 6 loaves now . All have failed as the top & sometimes the sides , have fallen in.I followed recipes from the manual plus 2 from online . I 've adjusted the yeast , flour & liquid ratios -LRB- as the manual says fallen tops is from too much yeast and/or liquid -RRB- . I 've even purchased a different brand of yeast , all with the same result.Can someone please tell me what I 'm doing wrong ? I do n't think it 's the unit as it seems to be performing correctly , but I just ca n't get a successful loaf out of it .
 I have been using bread machines for over 20 years . This was my 3rd bread machine . It only lasted 2 years . It may be OK for basic white breads but the motor was not strong enough for my multigrain whole wheat bread . It died a month ago and I replaced it with a West Bend Hi-Rise bread machine . The bread from the West Bend is much better than anything I ever made with the Breadman .
 just like karry scotts review -LSB- ... -RSB- , i was excited to get my new breadman for the gluten free cycle . opened it up , attempted to remove the pan by `` pulling gently '' -LRB- as the manual instructs -RRB- , then attempted pulling hard , maneuvering the clips , standing on the counter and pulling with all my might while my daughter pulled down on the machine with all her might , and there ends my journey with my new breadman . off to return it . very disappointed and sad . : -LRB-
 Sent this as gift to daughter-in-law . Machine would heat up and show it was running thru all the cycles but did not knead at all . It is now going to be sent back . Hope this is just this machine and not indicitive of the breadmachine in general . I own a 12 yr . old Breadman and it works like a charm !
 I read the reviews and thought I would throw the dice . Well I lost . I ordered the Breadman for my family that have all been recently put on a gluten free diet . We made one loaf that came out delicious . Two days later I poured in all the ingredients -LRB- which are extremely expensive -RRB- and turned the machine on . The machine gave a few clicks and that was it . Dead ... . I should have listened to all the reviews that stated the same scenario . It obviously happens a lot . I am extremely disappointed in this product and I think that The Breadman corporation needs to do some additional quality control .
 I purchased a NEW machine , but received a used one . -LRB- crumbs in the machine , factory packaging missing , surfaced grossly scraped -RRB- . Ok , so maybe occasionally it happens ... so I return it and ask for a replacement . The replacement came , I got excited and could n't wait to open it . It was worse than the first . I was assured the machines were new , when I called to complain . They claim they ` investigated ' the situation and I was assured they were NEW from the factory . I consider myself intelligent , and was insulted that they 'd have me believe scraped , crumb laiden machines were brand new from the factory . Needless to say , I demanded and got a refund . I went with another company and purchased a Zojirushi and have been extremely pleased . Buyer beware !
 My son needs to eat a gluten free diet so when we learned about the special program in this machine we decided to try making bread at home . We have an older Hitachi bread machine which makes the loaf more vertically but does n't have a gluten free cycle.This Breadman product appeared to be unused and all the parts were in the box when it arrived . We read through the instructions and followed the recommendation to run the short cycle first without the paddle installed to remove oils on the pan from production . It did it 's thing and we did not find it to be too loud as some have said in other reviews . We let it cool down overnight and then the trouble began . The pan would not pull out of the machine . There are 2 pieces of metal acting as a retainer near the top of the pan on the machine and our first suspicion was that one or both were bent or jammed as they do not appear very robust . So one of us with gloved hands pressed the clips aside while the other tried to pull the pan out on the table , then on the chair and finally while placing the machine on the floor . It became obvious that the sticking point was actually where the motor interacts with the mixing paddle shaft on the pan . After an hours worth of fiddling with the paddle in to try to get the parts to separate , we gave up and put it aside figuring it to be a total loss.A few days ago , I tried again and finally with it on the floor and pulling up sharply , it `` broke '' free . Examining the base of the pan and the motor `` blade '' ; it is a very poor and cheap construction . I have made some adjustments to each with a Dremel hand tool -LRB- a very good product by the way -RRB- and we have made one loaf of bread . My son liked it so I will continue to try to get this machine to work more reliably . It may need further tweeking but this should not be the case with a brand new product . Unless you need the special features or like to re-engineer your appliances , better to keep looking for something else .
 So , I took a chance even though many reviews said `` beware '' ... sure enough , I got the machine , opened the box , and the out side of the machine was all scratched , two of the buttons were nearly falling off , and the bread pan itself was deeply scratched . You can even see on the outside of the machine , on the chrome part , where someone had tried to sand out a deep scratch.Poor poor business !!!!! I 'll never buy from Breadman again.Amazon was WONDERFUL and very patient with my blustering on the phone . Yay for Amazon !!!!
 I was so excited to get this machine . But ... I see as I open it and get ready for first use that I also received a used machine -LRB- like so many others -RRB- . It did n't have the plastic covering on the buttons AND it 's missing the kneading paddle . I 've never experienced a company selling used machines before . Ridiculous ! Hopefully , I wo n't have a problem returning through Amazon .
 I have not been happy with the machine . When first learning to use it I found I could not change choices and after calling the company was told it would have to cycle through them . The first loaf of gluten free bread was thrown away . The second was not suitable . I feel like sending the bread machine back because I am annoyed each time I see it on the counter.Judie
 ... will I buy a Breadman product . This had major problems from the get go . Unfortunately , I bought it at least over 3 years ago and today was my first time getting around to trying it . It was very disappointing and had many of the same problems that I have read about here .
 I have owned this breadmaker for about 10 minutes . I read the book , and saw the first thing to do is to run a rapid cycle to burn off the manufacturing oils . So I put the empty bread pan in the machine , and decided to add the paddle . I noticed there seemed to be baked-on bread on the inside of the paddle . Was my machine and paddle already used and refurbished ? I put in the paddle anyway and started the cycle . It sounds like a power generator . A rattling motor sound is continuous whenever the paddle is moving , but it stops when the paddle stops.This will be our third bread maker -LRB- we make bread once or twice weekly and our old machine was showing wear and tear -RRB- . I wanted a new , sturdy machine I could use for years . My two older machines made very little noise , this is clearly unacceptable . Even if this machine worked well for years , there is no way I could listen to this terrible noise in my kitchen twice weekly!I 'm giving this product 1 star because this example is unacceptable and will need to be returned . If you order one for yourself I hope you get a new and reliable one , which might be a 5 star machine , but this example is not that . I 've come to the conclusion the Breadman TR875 is not a reliable brand . Judging from my experience and other reviews , it appears they regularly refurbish defective bread makers and sell them as `` new '' . Update
 Here is my letter to the company . The unit is being returned tomorrow.Applica Consumer Products Inc.Attention
 I PURCHASED THIS BREAD MAKER FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR A BIRTHDAY GIFT IN APRIL 2007 AND THEN PURCHASED A SECOND ONE FOR MY SELF A FEW WEEKS LATER . MY DAUGHTERS MACHINE BROKE A FEW MONTHS LATER -LRB- AUGUST -RRB- AND SHE RETURNED IT FOR A REPLACEMENT . SHE HAS NOT RECEIVED HER REPLACEMENT AND WHEN SHE INQUIRED VIA PHONE SHE WAS TOLD THIS ITEM IS NOT IN STOCK . I SEE THIS ITEM IS INDEED IN STOCK AND SHE HAS BEEN LIED TO . MY DAUGHTER ASKED FOR A REFUND AND WAS TOLD IF THIS ITEM IS NOT IN STOCK IN ANOTHER MONTH THEY WILL GIVE HER A KENMORE REPLACEMENT . SHE DOES NOT WANT A KENMORE , SHE WANTS THIS SAME TR8752-BREADMAKER OR A REFUND . WHAT IS THE PROBLEM HERE ?
 I purchased this bread maker in December . The bread maker seemed quite good and had many settings . I especially liked the gluten free option . The first two loaves came out great but the bread maker just quit working in the middle of the third loaf . I 'm in the middle of trying to get the bread maker replaced by the company . The process has been a bit difficult and I 'm hoping they will stand by their product . I do n't know if this was a fluke problem or if all these bread makers are destined to break - but you should know the possibility before you buy it .
 This is a great machine . However , after much use , the bread pan failed and needed replacing -LRB- This also happened on our earlier Breadman machine -RRB- . Breadman contract spares out to Fox International , who inturn contract this out to a company that handles Black & Decker spares.Our replacement bread pan and paddle arrived from Fox Int . Neither the bread pan nor the paddle matched together . It is a nightmare to try to correct the problem . After multiple long waits for a ` customer rep ' , we have been told to send back the items at our cost so that they can determine why the incorrect products were shipped . This was after the second call that they requested us to return the itemsThis saga has made us move to a different make of bread machine and a non Black & Decker customer . Companies that use Fox Int does not make for good long term repeat customers .
 I received this breadmaker -LRB- Breadman TR875 -RRB- for Christmas and loved it . I got four beautiful , delicious loaves of bread out of it during that first week . If my review were based solely on that one week , it would be a five-star review , no question.However , one week after the first time I used it , I loaded it up to try a whole wheat loaf . Fifteen minutes into the preheat , it beeped loudly , showed an error code , and reset itself . I have n't been able to get it to work since . It looks normal when I plug it in , but as soon as I hit start , loud beeps and error codes . The error codes are not the same ones every time , and sometimes change back and forth within a matter of seconds . The codes given supposedly mean that the unit is too hot or too cold , and I personally find it difficult to believe that the temperature could shift to such wide extremes within a matter of seconds without ever heating up.So I called the manufacturer as directed in the instruction manual to get it replaced or repaired . The customer service rep I spoke to was very polite , so I ca n't fault the company there , but something about the whole transaction just did n't sit well with me . He first tried to fix it over the phone , rather than really listening to my description of the problem and the fixes I 'd already tried . Then he said that this particular model is out of stock and no longer in production , so they could send me a similar breadmaker of equal or greater value . I checked on Amazon for the model that he offered as an exchange and found that its list price was $ 30 cheaper than the TR875 . I mentioned that , since it was NOT of equal or greater value , and he maintained that according to their system , it was of GREATER value than the TR875 . I also looked at the features of the replacement model and there were fewer settings , etc. . I pressed him on this , so he started looking for other models , but could only find one other , which was not currently in stock . Looking at that product 's reviews on Amazon , as well as those for the TR875 , show the pattern that getting a working model that does n't break down within a matter of weeks seems to be a crapshoot . I declined the replacement and am returning the original model to Amazon so I can get a breadmaker from a different company , because I ca n't trust that it wo n't happen again , or that they wo n't try to give me a cheaper model as a replacement after making me pay for shipping . -LRB- The company was also extremely difficult to contact ; I have spent a total of 45 minutes on hold over two different calls , left a voicemail that was never returned , and also submitted a web request which they claimed they would respond to within 48 hours . It was after waiting for three days for this 48-hour response that I called again today , and the customer service rep even mentioned to me , `` I see you 've also submitted an online form for this issue , '' so I know they did receive it . -RRB- All in all , I 'm sad that this machine was defective and that the company left such a bad taste in my mouth , because while it worked I did love this breadmaker . If you are one of the lucky customers who receives a functioning unit , you 'll love it . But I would steer clear because there seems to be a good chance that your unit wo n't function properly , and when that happens the company is n't helpful and does n't really back up its products .
 This machine kicks out a great whole wheat gluten bread . However it smells like skunk ! I noticed this when I got it out of the box in December , but thought it was oils that needed to burn off . Five months later it is still stinks up the corner of the kitchen where it is stored . The bread tastes fine , but it has me wondering if it could be unhealthy if it smells that bad .
 I was excited when my gluten free bread machine arrived . I made a loaf of bread ... it did not knead or rise . I thought I made a mistake so I tried a second one . the same thing happened . The machine was defected . It did not knead or mix up the ingredients . I sent it back . A huge disappointment .
 I found the keypad entry routine much too difficult . Not for technophobes . my old machine simply asked for `` French Bake . '' Basic bake , whatever . Bread came out OK , nothing special .
 This machine does only work sometime . Two loafs came out OK , then the next two awful , did not rise at all . Several years ago I owned a wonderful machine , ca n't remember the brand , it died of old age about five years ago . Was hoping that this would operate the same way , but not so lucky this time . I am very disappointed .
 I got this breadmaker because I 've always bought Breadman breadmakers and I wanted a machine that was compact but still made 2 lb loaves of bread . This breadmaker was not it ! Everytime I made a 2 lb . loaf that my other two breadmakers could easily handle , the loaf overran the sides of the pan and the loaf was burnt on the bottom and undercooked on top . I 've since had to return the breadmaker because for the price , it was n't worth buying this machine since really it could ONLY make 1.5 lb loaves of bread .
 I had to return this item after two loaves of bread because the paint coating on the paddle started to melt and chip , leaving who knows what kind of toxic fumes into the bread . I was not the only reviewer to have this problem . Also , even though I followed all directions regarding first-usage to burn off the manufacturing odors , they still lingered into the bread . Finally , while I ca n't speak to other bread machines and their paddling , having the paddle get lodged in the bread when you pull out the bread is kind of an odd inconvenience ... One other note
 I bought this on Nov. 2008 , and started to use it after a month , and the first time it works fine , but the next time , while I just by curiosity opened the lid while the machine was kneading -LRB- which was perfectly legistimate by what the user manual said -RRB- , the indicator light was suddenly went out , and the machine was down.and after that , I have tried several times , and no resurrection at all , I am very disappointed with this junk , not so cheap for me to forget it easily , which was my regret .
 The overall appearance of gluten free bread was poor . It lacked proper shape and texture .
 Tried to make cinnamon rolls for Christmas morning ... . dough never kneaded completely - threw that batch away , made another one - paddle never moved ! This machine is horrible !
 Just an early review concerning packaging of the breadmaker . We bought two new breakmakers one of which is a gift . One is missing the bag of parts including the paddle ! There are also some rough marks at the base of the unit where the pan could possibly rub . Makes me worry that we were given a refurbished unit or a returned unit although it looks new.I will update this inconvenience later but for now we will wait for the the parts that should have been included . This unit came from Amazon directly and not a vendor .
 Wow , should have listened to the other low reviews on this unit - so heed my advice . Avoid this machine and this COMPANY at all costs . Bought this as a gift for the wife . Her first loaf never baked . So I attempted a loaf in case it was user error . I had a reading of E01 come onto the screen . I tried to call customer service and had to wait at least 20 mins . to talk to an actual human being . This person told me I would have to cut the cord and send it in with a copy of my receipt with $ 7.50 to have a new unit shipped . I thought it was ridiculous that I should have to pay to have a new unit shipped when they sold me a piece of crap . This has been a headache . I 'm returning it to Amazon and buying a new unit from a better company . Do n't be a fool as I was , avoid this machine .
 I was so excited to start baking bread . After getting this breadmaker , the first night I followed all of the cleaning instructions and did the super rapid cycle . The second night , I started a loaf of bread and got ready to leave the house . After checking the bread during the second knead cycle , I started to leave the house when I smelled something funny . Ran into the kitchen , and the breadmaker was smoking heavily and pinks lights were flashing . I hurriedly unplugged the machine . When I opened it , there were scorch marks . I immediately called the company and they were closed for the day.I called Amazon , and they were wonderful about returning this product for a full refund , despite the fact that the breadmaker paperwork said to return the product for a replacement through them . I did n't want another breadman after the electrical fire , though!Thank goodness I did n't set the timer and leave the house and was able to check the breadman or my whole kithen could have caught fire!FYI , I did some research -LRB- after the fact -RRB- and other people have had fires or have had the motor burn out quickly .
 I purchased this breadmaker . It was listed as new when I purchased it . Upon recieving it , it was clearly a refurbished bread maker . After recieving the refurbished bread maker I checked the reviews and noticed that I am not the only one this has happened to . I contacted Amazon and have returned the refurbished bread maker for a full refund .
 The manufacturer a -RRB- will not honor your warranty if you purchase through this site -LRB- amazon -RRB- , and b -RRB- will not provide you with replacement parts should you lose or break a paddle , or anything else.Buyer beware . If you do n't want a $ 100 loaf of bread , I 'd buy something that is sure to last a long time .
 If my company used Amazon for a vender they 'd be history . After reading the reviews I was disturbed by the prevalence of complaints that Amazon was sending people repackaged , previously returned machines . I thought that they must have wised up and discontinued doing this by now . Wrong ! If you want this crummy service , buy from Amazon . Personally , I will NEVER buy another thing from them . NEVER !
 I liked this machine cause it looked good in my kitchen and made pretty good bread . Problem is , I had to return the first one because it 1 -RRB- was a refurbished with dents ... not new as advertised from Target and 2 -RRB- the bread pan only came out with extreme difficulty . So I returned the first unit , bought the second unit and it is also refurbished -LRB- not new -RRB- and this time I ca n't even get the bread pan out no matter how hard I try ! So I 'm sending it back and going with a Zojirushi ... I need something that actually works . Those who got a breadmachine that works are probably the lucky one 's . BEWARE when you buy this unit . The quality control is definitely lacking .
 I have n't used it yet , simply because it has such an odor to it . When I opened it up , it smelled like it had been sprayed by a skunk . I washed the pan and have tried to wipe down the inside , but it still stinks . I do n't want to make anything in it - because who knows if the smell will transfer and make stuff taste skunky . Anyone else have that issue ? If so , what can you do to make the horrid smell go away ?
 We ordered this machine at the end of January 2010 and 8 months later we noticed that the seal on the bottom of the bread pan was leaking . I have to call their Customer Service but out of 3 bread machines that we have had so far , this one lost the bread pan the fastest ... :-LRB- not very happy customer !
 Guess I should have believed the other reviewers . After only 10 loaves of bread run thru it , it ceased to bake When you manually tell it to bake , it starts then stops baking . So , worthless , and useless unless you want to only mix the bread , and use only the dough cycle . But I have a kitchen aid that does a much better job .
 I purchased this breadmachine as a new item and it came with the top & sides scratched and the side dented . I called and Amazon sent a replacement which was in almost the same condition . They said there was a problem with their ordering . When you select a certain item number it 's pulling it as reconditioned . They hope to have it fixed in a week . I 'm not sure if they even know what they are talking about . I 'm looking elsewhere for the same model .
 Our family waited with anticipation for the delivery of our new Breadman TR875 breadmaker . We have been faithfully served over the years by our old Toastmaster bread machine . Our 11 yr . old son was recently diagnosed with celiac disease and we decided to purchase a separate bread machine for his use so he might enjoy fresh gluten-free bread without the worry of cross contamination from our existing bread maker . The gluten-free cycles of the Breadman machine made it the obvious choice.Imagine our disappointment when the unit arrived yesterday and clearly was refurbished/previously used . Gluten contamination issues of a potentially used unit aside , I could hardly believe Amazon would charge in the neighborhood of $ 100 for a previously sold item which may have more serious problems than the obvious cosmetic issues . A little more in-depth searching of past reviews shows that this is not an isolated case . I thought perhaps the item had shipped directly from the manufacturer this way , but Amazon undoubtably is at fault as the shipping label shows it was shipped from Amazon 's Indiana warehouse.If Amazon wishes to sell used or refurbished units they should advertise them as such and price them accordingly . When a retailer markets an item as new , they are beholden to their customers to provide the item as described . Based on the comments of those users who 've used this machine it appears to be a terrific unit . Sadly , to find out I 'll have to hunt one down locally where I can see what I 'm buying . Shame on you Amazon !
 I bought this machine 11 months ago , just 1 month too late for the warranty . I liked the machine and had great luck with all my recipes . Today it just stopped working . This is much to soon for this machine to break .
 I 've been getting poorly shaped loaves since I started with this machine except for one loaf which was a one pounder . Anything larger reaches the top of the machine and becomes almost impossible to remove from the pan . Perhaps it 's me but I had much better results from a $ 35 machine I bought many years ago . I 'll keep trying.A year or so later , the shapes have been better but the paddle causes the loaf to stick and when trying to remove it from the machine , takes a great chunk out of it . Asked the company for help but no response at all .
 Received 1st machine & was reconditioned not new called and Amazon promptly shipped a new one . I have had and used a breadmaker for many years so am not new to using one - made wheat bread it came out uneven and the texture was terrible . Promptly returned the machine - worst brand I have ever had.Also - settings were very hard to set and machine did not want to turn off - had to unplug it to get it to turn off .
 It was not new , had no serial number on it , and the drive shaft broke after one use . I should have heeded the negative reviews that said this often happened . Sadly I expected better of amazon.com .
 As other reviewers who give it one-star , I got a used machine , too.I ca n't tell whether the box has been resealed or not , but the product has definitely been used -LRB- and probably not once -RRB- . There are obvious scratches inside and outside . The plastic seal on the control panel -LRB- which according to the user manual should be taken off carefully before first use -RRB- is missing . The non-sticky container has a very weird smell and there is some sort of grease on the bottom . Anyway , I am disappointed and returned the product . I would strongly recommend reading all reviews before you make decision.Go to your B&M ; store and pick one , do n't buy from amazon .
 Be warned that though it looks nice in the picture , this item is cheaply made with a flimsy plastic door with plastic hinges which will probably snap off quickly . I ca n't tell you how quick , because my supposedly new item was shipped with the hinges completely snapped off on one side & stress marks in the plastic showing on the other . To be fair , I am rating this unit harshly to reflect my irritation with the fact that this is a replacement item for the defective Breadman Ultimate Pro which I received from Amazon in April . At least the nearby post office is located in a grocery store , so I can buy bread as I am dropping this unit off for return . PS - 0 stars should be a rating option
 Not only did I receive a refurbished unit , but it also came in a damaged box -LRB- large hole punctured in side and broken styro packing -RRB- . Getting a replacement , will hopefully have a better experience .
 This machine has a computer problem . Sometimes it starts properly and other times it does n't . It also occassionaly skips a step in the baking process . Also , the breadpan is held in the machine by thin metal clips which bend easily , making it hard to properly position the pan . We followed the manufacturer 's proceedure for replacement under warranty . That was over 4 months ago . When I called to find out where the replacement was , I was told that they are back-ordered and that , per their warranty , they have up to 1 year to replace the machine ! I 've replaced this with a Sunbeam model 5891 for less than half the cost . It works fine .
 -LRB- See my review update below -RRB- I am frustrated with Breadman 's warranty service . Oh , the customer service people are nice enough , they have promised me a replacement unit not once , but twice , and even after waiting two more weeks for the breadmaker to arrive in `` 7 to 10 days '' once again , nothing has shown up . In reading other reviews I am suspecting that they hope to wear you down by making promises they never keep . I purchased my unit in March and after two months , still no bread maker.My only thought is that rather than returning the unit to Breadman in Bedford Heights , Ohio , just send the unit back to Amazon and get another brand or better yet , a refund.And be sure to note the number of low rated reviews versus raves , and calculate your chances of getting a lemon like I did.The machines are made in China , but the customer service procedures seem to have been created in fantasy land since what you get -LRB- nothing -RRB- is not what you are promised . -LRB- A replacement . -RRB- After several more weeks of waiting , a replacement machine arrived and I have now been using it for several months . I am very pleased with it now that it is working correctly . With several dozen loaves of bread under my belt , most recipes work fine , but perhaps one out of four turn out less than ideal . So now finding the right bread recipe book for this machine has become a priority . Without a doubt , the most successful recipes have come from a modest little book , proving it is quality not quantity that counts . `` Great Bread Machine Recipes '' by Norman A. Garrett was made for this machine , and is just a little over 100 pages . My friends rave about the breads created from this book in the Breadman machine . Oh , it has little imperfections - I wish I could pause it or skip the programmed 30 minute wait in the whole wheat cycle - but what product does not have limitations to a cook 's unlimited imagination ! The other more expensive book I purchased is Beth Hensperger 's Bread Machine Cookbook but I think its 600 plus pages are filled with pretty mediocre recipes , more for a gift than for real use.My final note is that these Amazon reviews are a treasure . When I looked at the overall review box on this breadmaker , I saw that the vast majority of buyers had good things to say about this machine . I also saw that there were a number of defects , no doubt due to the fact that the machines are being made in China which is not known for particularly good quality control . I was forewarned , and in the end , the company did the right thing . If they had told me the truth about the delay in getting a replacement , I would have revised my rating to give then more stars . But they lied , not once but three times over 2.5 months and so they stay a one star product . Honesty is still the best policy .
 I read reviews over and over they say this makes great bread . I use the timer setting and it does not work . The bread is also very dense . I had two successful loaves and 2 loaves that did not mix in all the flour and the breads were not edible . I thought maybe the recipes it came with were n't correct so I checked an old bread machine recipe book I had and it had basically the same ingredients . I did not want this for the gluten free option , just for good bread . Maybe all the other reviews are stoked on the gluten free bread . I returned it - Amazon on-line return process is extremely easy . I still love Amazon .
 I bought this during the daily deal for $ 59.99 . It is SOOO not worth that price . Cleaned and turned on the rapid cycle as instructions said . Plugged it in to use hours later and kept getting ERROR message . Of course , the booklet did not state what the error code was . After fooling with the buttons , it finally started . The bread was very hard and dark for the medium setting . I assumed it was due to the rapid cycle . I add all my ingredients today and had to push buttons , unplug , push buttons , and unplug for the machine to start . This time I pressed the basic cycle . Bread came out like a hard piece of dough . Bread was not brown on the top or sides only the bottom.Going back tomorrow !
 This breadmaker was good for maybe making bread five times . The loaves always looked unsatisfactory . And now that it has set for maybe two months , it worked for one terrible batch of bread before completely not working altogether . It 's plugged in and the power button wo n't turn it on . Do n't buy this .
 I received my Breadman , used the setting to burn off the oils as per the instructions . That went well . Went to use it to make whole wheat bread -LRB- with all ingredients in bread pan -RRB- ... and nothing . Threw out the ingredients . Not happy.I called the company and was told to hold down the stop/start button to clear the computer , then wait 24 -LRB- !! -RRB- hours and see if it would work . It did not . When I was talking to the company rep I was told that this model has a problem with the computer in them . Also was told they had none on hand to send me a replacement .1 . Why 24 hours for it to reset ?? 2 . Why no machines in stock to replace defective ones ? Or even to sell ? 3 . Why sell machines they know to have problems ?? I did like the design of this machine so that is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one.I am going to order another bread machine - but it will * not * be a Breadman .
 Prior to ordering I read some reviews and was satisfied that the product was as advertised . After ordering I read further into the reviews and noticed a number of people received ` refurbished ' -LRB- read
 I should 've known that paying half-price for the machine meant more of a problem than just a `` resealed box . '' When I opened the manufacturer 's box , I found a return slip from the person who previously bought it from Amazon and returned it , and it clearly stated that the machine was defective . I plugged it in and gave it a shot , but it 's definitely defective . The control panel display is messed up and the machine randomly turned on and tried to run , and I could only stop it by unplugging it . Also , it had no manual.On top of that , Amazon said that since I bought it through one of their subsidiaries , that I would only be able to return it & wait for my refund rather than have a replacement shipped out to me quickly.So , I do n't have an opinion on the general operation of a working model , but just warning others to watch out for the `` resealed '' or `` refurbished '' models , unless you want a 13 # paper weight .
 I received the bread machine three days ago and have tried to make bread but it will not start . The buttons do not work at all . It is clearly a defective product . I am returning mine back to Amazon and will buy a different bread machine . I liked the design of the machine and that is why I choose this one but it does not look like it is a well built machine .
 After reading the reviews , I decided to take a chance on this bread maker . It just arrived and upon opening , it appeared to be a used machine . Finger prints , loose cord and food residue on the pan . UGH ! I paid full price for a new one . Heading to the post office to return it .
 I was really excited about a bread machine with a gluten free setting ! There were disappointments with this machine , however : The machine 's box clearly says `` this side up '' , but that side was laying down inside the Amazon box . Because of that , the machine has scuff marks/scratches on the top of it -LRB- from the packing styrofoam -RRB- that will not come off.When I opened the box , it smelled strongly like a SKUNK ! Inside the machine smelled like this too!The instructions said to remove the clear plastic film off of the front of the machine , but there was n't any . I asked the company 's customer service about it , and they said this is part of the packaging for a new machine , it should be there . Was this a used machine ?? The first time we tried to pull the pan out , it was difficult , but my husband got it out . I washed it , dried it , and then put it in the machine to do a cycle to `` burn off the oils '' like it says in the instructions.After that cycle , the pan will not come out . I 've had a breadman before , and the pan was slightly twisted out in that one . In this one , you have to use force and pull it straight up and out . There are clips on the top sides -- I could get those loose . But it was like the pan was stuck at the bottom of the machine . Even if I am just too weak -LRB- after standing on a chair , sitting on the counter , leaning on the machine -- doing everything possible -RRB- , and it requires a stronger person , this is ridiculous . Gluten free bread has to be removed from the hot pan immediately or it will become soggy . The pan and entire machine would be HOT after a cycle is run , so there is no way anybody could lean on the machine , hold down the machine , hold down the clips , etc. . One reviewer said that the bread pan stays in when the machine is plugged in -- it was stuck when it was plugged or unplugged for me , either way.I guess I 'll have to keep searching for a good gluten free machine !!
 After two days of trying to find someone who could even answer my question about the part of I needed for this machine -LRB- the paddle , of course -RRB- , and waiting throu 20 other calls in the queue , I was informed that the part is not available as the machine has been discontinued.I likee the machine . Now it is an anchor .
 Do n't go there ! I got this machine for Christmas . Made about 10 loaves very well . Then the bread pan would not stay put . It wouild ride up on the mixes and the punch down , so no mixing would take palce and the required constant manual holding of the bread pan in place . Zip in the instruction book on this . I called , emailed and write wrote twice only to get from letter that they were going to send a new breadpan , but never did . That was two months ago . I am not an engineer , but the design to hold the breadpan in place looks off . The metal clips will keep the pan from lateral movement , but there is no fastening to keep the pan from vertical movement and rising off of the agitator at the bottom . With this problem in its first year , I 'd invest in a more expensive machine , I guess . This one is just sitting on my counter now .
 1st loaf was ok but machine began malfunctioning on second loaf . Return to manufacturer was easy but replacement is on back order for 3 months now even though you can still buy it in stock off Salton 's website . Customer service has nothing but backorder excuses . I was even told at 2 months that it has n't been that long -LRB- hinting I was complaining for nothing -RRB- . My biggest mistake was not returning to amazon -LRB- I was at 30 day mark and called the manufacturer -RRB- .1 star for poor manufacturer response.Update ... by coincidence I received shipping confirmation the same day I typed the review . Hopefully the machine works well this time .
 We bought this breadmaker when we started eating gluten free as it has a gf mode . We have not had any successful loaves that way , both using the recipes that come with the breadmaker nor Bob 's Red Mill products . We now use Pamela 's bread mix and use the regular cycle , and it works well . More worrying is that the mixing paddle 's paint has chipped and I 've found chips of paint in the bread . I 'm concerned with how much of this we 've consumed without noticing . I would never recommend this breadmaker to anyone .
 I was excited to use my new Breadman for the first time because of the gluten free setting . I was really disappointed when I could n't remove the bread pan from the machine . It was IMPOSSIBLE to get it out . Needless to say , we repackaged the Breadman and are shipping it back today !
 The plastic measuring cup is more than 1 cup and difficult to reach 1 cup size.It is difficult to pull out the pan after baking.My frist batch is not successful and i will see if it is my fault or the recipe problem.I had Panasonic SD-YD250 which i gave away when i bought this . I miss my panasonic now .
 I used the Breadman about a dozen times and was very happy with the results . It was a simple and straight forward to use and the end result was some pretty good bread . The bad part is , that the machine just did n't hold up beyond those dozen times . I had an error message on the display which I attempted to clear . I looked through the book for any help , and decided to leave it unplugged for several hours -LRB- of course I had all the ingredients in the mixer , so I put them in my kitchen aid and mixed then did the rest the old fashioned way in the oven -RRB- . After several days I plugged the Breadman in again , and this time nothing.I sent an e-mail to the manufacture/distributor and it took several days to respond . They did n't seem to believe that my product was a recent purchase since the model is not longer produced . After reading the other reviews and weighing the option , I threw the Breadman in the trash . The hassle of returning and fighting with the company just was n't worth was looked like a loosing battle.I would n't buy another Breadman and certainly would not recommend it for anyone else . The company simply does not stand behind its own products .
 The results obtained with this bread machine were disappointing
 I ordered this machine after reading the reviews but very unhappy with it . I dont think this machine can handle heavy flours at all , wheat , spelt , rye . The paddle is not long enough , doesnt mix well esp the heavy flours . Made about 6 loafs of bread , all were edible esp by my kids and dogs but the bread was lumpy -LRB- due to poor mixing -RRB- some where wet in the middle yet the crust was too thick . I followed the directions yet the flour did not rise or very lit . I am returning this bread machine , I need a bread machine that can handle whole grains and that doesnt need to be watched so closely .
 I purchased this piece of junk through amazon in November 2007 . I 'm certain I got a brand new unit . I was able to get a few months of baking out of it , and I was very pleased , then the computer started to only work sporadically . Soon after I noticed that the lining was scraping off inside the pan . Well , life got busy and it wound up sitting in the box waiting to be returned which sadly never happened -LRB- although after reading the recent reviews here , it seems I may not have been able to get any real service anyway -RRB- . Now I find myself needing to go gluten free , and thinking , `` I 've got a breadmaker with a gluten free option , maybe I can salvage it ! '' You can imagine how disappointed I am to learn that I ca n't get any replacement parts or repairs . Disappointed , and angry with myself for buying it in the first place and not at least attempting a return when I had the chance . For now I 'm going to stick to making bread the old fashioned way .
 Add me to the list that received a defective machine . I really like the style and the features of this machine . However , after a couple of loaves did n't turn out well , I finally realized that the pan just was n't hot when I pulled it out of the machine . Amazon made it very easy to return , but I decided to buy a machine locally instead of ordering online again . I bought the Cuisinart CBK-200 2-Pound Convection Automatic Bread Maker . My first one burned the loaves , so it went back to the store . My second one has been working well for a couple of months now . I wish quality control was better for appliances like these .
 Well , it 's disappointing that a well thought-out design would have been crafted a bit poorly - sounds like `` American made '' . We use it about once a month on average and we enjoyed our Breadman for a couple of years now but it 's headed south with a very noisy -LRB- 95-98 dB -RRB- pulley and motor bearing . I looked for parts and no success yet . This machine is without doubt intended to be a disposable unit with about a two year life . Our next purchase will hopefully include alternative machines that have testimonials validating a more robust design . Hope this helps .
 Stopped working right after a few uses . Does not brown properly and the finished loaf is almost half the size it should be . Tried several different flours , including special bread flour , and still no success .
 I received the machine today and suspected it may be refurbished . The plastic cover over the digital readout was missing and the screw on the bottom was totally stripped with scratches on the bottom . I was however willing to give it a chance . I tried to get the bread basket out and it would not come out . I read the manual cover to cover and did exactly what it said . I pulled firmly on the handle . I tried for 30 minutes . It would not come out . I sent it back . I will not order another one .
 Used this machine about 4 times with great results . Used mixes from the grocery store and recipes from the manual . Then it started to beep too early and shut itself off . I could no longer trust the buttons or settings . It 's like it has a bad computer chip or whatever . I 'm currently looking at replacing it with a Panasonic , because we all thought it was fun to make our own bread . Too bad it cost us about $ 25 per loaf ! I wo n't be buying another Breadman .
 Sunbeam Oster Breadmaker Paddle 108962-000-000If you 're set on buying this machine , buy three or four of the replacement paddles linked above.I hate to do this , because this has been a very good breadmaker , but the difficulty ordering a replacement paddle has completely killed my brand loyalty . Customer service has been awful , and when you lose your paddle -LRB- you WILL lose your paddle -RRB- , after being given the runaround for a few weeks -LRB- months , years -RRB- , you 'll finally get an answer from Salton
 I 'm sorry to say that this machine does not work . I followed the instructions on running the machine dry then 1 week later attempted to make a loaf of bread . Unfortunately , the machine did not even allow me to press the menu button to set it all up . Please save your money and the disappointment .
 I purchased this bread machine as a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law who was very excited to receive it . She in turn , went to the store and purchased all of the ingredients necessary to start making bread . After unpacking all of the parts , it was discovered that the mixing paddle was missing . The mixing paddle is the most essential part , how did they forget to include that ? I had read previous reviews where other customers had complained that their machines were also missing parts and that the parts were hard to get ; I thought that surely they would have corrected such a severe mistake . After contacting the company , which took a couple of attempts , she was told that the mixing paddle is out of stock and there was no estimated date when it would be back in stock . They also added that they were sorry but tough luck . We sent it back and I must add that Amazon made that part very easy and paid for the return shipping ; thank you . On another note Amazon , please pull this product . There are other , more reputable , companies to associate with .
 I 'm very happy that all of these people love their bread machines . However , I 'll never get to find out . MineBreadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless Steelcame without the kneading paddle ; so , I called the customer service number listed in the manual . One rep told me no problem , he would send it free of charge and it would be here in 7 business days . After that time passed , I called again . Another rep listened to my story and laughed and said they have no such replacement parts ! So , good luck everybody ; I guess Breadman thinks their machines will never need repair . And I sit here with a $ 100 piece of @ & % ^ that is totally worthless .
 We replaced this once , after the kneading device stopped working . Not it wo n't stop . The programming seems to be broken on this and kneads the bread for far too long . Because we have had 2 of these stop working on us , I ca n't recommend against this enough . Avoid the pains we had and find another option !
 The third time I used my new bread machine the display started going crazy - the timer was speeding , the buttons would n't let me choose from the menu , & it started on its own , thus ruining the loaf of bread , since it was n't supposed to mix yet . I think that one of the buttons was installed improperly , causing it to go haywire . What I have to do before every use is plug & unplug it up to 4 times , and make sure it accepts my input before inserting the bread pan . It works fine after that.Had I known this would happen I would have kept my much cheaper Sunbeam bread machine - it has lower ratings & did n't work well for me , simply because it came with bad recipes . I advise getting a cheaper model & a good bread machine cookbook .
 I bought this Breadman machine new . We had been happy with our previous Breadman for 5 years , but it finally burned out . From the beginning , this new model has given unsatisfactory results . The main problem is that it does not mix the flour and liquids completely . The result is that , after baking , the outside of the loaf has large areas about 1/4 inch deep of unmixed , half-baked dry white flour . -LRB- Adding an extra Tbs of water helps a little , but the only way to really avoid this problem is to stand beside the machine and scrape the sides of the pan with a spatula while the paddle is stirring the mix . So the delay timer function is useless , unless you are satisfied with a loaf that is only 90 % usable . -RRB- The shape of the paddle and the pan , and the mixing cycle , are different on this model than on the older model . It seems to be a case of the manufacturer making a change so they could advertise a new model , and making it worse instead of better -LRB- new paddle shape , new pan shape , new mixing cycle -RRB- . I do not recommend this bread machine .
 It may show 5 stars above but it is really -1 star.I gave a good review when I first bought and used it . I used it maybe a dozen times in the 3 years that I had it and when I went to use it a few weeks ago , with everything in the pan and ready to go , I plugged in the breadman breadmaker TR875 and nothing -- not a beep . So that is history and I have bought a new one , a different brand . I could get no help from customer service as to the problem and when I sent an email , it came back undeliverable .
 After buying on the deal of the day and thinking I was giving myself a Christmas present I could really like , I baked my first loaf on Christmas Day . It turned out perfectly , a very tasty 5 grain made from a Hogsden Mill bread mix . I was happy until I tried the second loaf 5 days later . The machine came on but showed it was in the kneading mode already . I wasted two of my mixes trying to make it knead the dough , , , although it did go on to the the baking mode and stucke all the flour and unmixed liquid to the pan . I have returned it and ordered a second different brand machine because I had invested in two different bread mix assortments . Now it has cost me the added price of the better bread machine and wasted two of the mixes . Not to mention the trouble of returning the machine . Seems the electronic part of the mechanism is broken .
 i 'm sure the bread machine makes fine bread , but it 's smelled like a skunk since day 1 . if you 're like me or my wife , and take ages to call up customer service watch out . we called after more than a year , and they said they would n't do a thing about it . they did n't even have any suggestions about taking the skunk smell out.wonder if it was a particular batch of machines -LRB- or machine part -RRB- that a skunk sprayed . i mean , how do you reproduce a skunk 's smell so perfectly in a bread machine ??
 We were excited to receive this breadmaker . It was our first ever breadmaker . But to our dismay , it was broken before we began . The kneading paddle did n't work . We are returning it for another one . Hopefully , we 'll have a better luck next time .
 I received my Breadman TR875 today 5/1/09 . My first concern was that it looked as if the original box had been retaped . 2nd concern was the electrical cord was hanging loose and the twist wire ties were laying in the bottom of the box . 3rd concern was the instruction manual that stated `` there is a clear , thin plastic cover adhered over the control panel and this must be carefully removed '' There was no clear thin plastic cover over the control panel . There was pieces of plastic that suggest the cover had been previously removed . And there was a horrible order within the machine that I ca n't describe . The machine was obviously a return being sold as new . I have repacked it , printed out Amazon 's return address label . I will be sending it back tomorrow morning.Vin5 / 1/09
 I hope people will actually read this - I rarely write reviews : When you plug the unit in , it automatically starts heating up ... without selecting a cycle or hitting the start button . You must NEVER plug in the unit before you intend to use it . My husband accidentally plugged it in last night . It ran through a cycle empty -LRB- which they tell you to do anyhow before you use the machine -RRB- . The machine overheated and it is completely fried . Dead , dead , and dead.After doing a bit of research , I see that my issue is n't uncommon . I wish I 'd read all the bad reviews on this item before purchasing the machine based on the 4 star rating and the reputation of Breadman . Ah well ... live and learn , right ?
 I bought this breadmaker as a gift for my daughter and her husband . They loved the look of it but when they tried to make bread , it did not work ! Unfortunately , they had tossed the box it came in so they were unable to return it . Obviously , I was out of a lot of money for a broken machine .
 We are really disapointed with this bread maker . It is so noisey and we do n't like the size of the loaf of bread . Frankly , we went back to our old one until we can find one we like . We will be sending it back .
 Hey , thanks for letting me rap at you . I do n't know about you , but when I was growing up times were tough . We did n't have new-fangled things like string , soap and bread . Yessir , when we had a hankering to eat some ground flour , water and yeast , what we 'd do is this
 I used this machine for less than a year before the mixing shaft in the breadpan froze . I emailed the company 5 months ago to get a replacement and was told that it was on backorder . Today when I called , they were willing to sell me a breadpan for $ 43 -LRB- since I could n't find the receipt from 10 months prior -RRB- , but there 's no telling when I 'm going to get it . The bread it makes is great , as long as it is working and you do n't need new parts . Also , I was told by customer service that the mixing paddle was discontinued and ca n't be ordered.UPDATE
 I read the reviews about the people who got refurbs . But I bought it anyway , thinking I am paying over $ 100 for this item , surely mine wont be refurbished . Well got it today and guess what !? IT IS REFURBISHED ! No plastic coating on the control panels , and the box was all torn on the edges . So I will be sending this back , I 'm not paying over $ 100 for a refurbished bread machine . Very disappointing !!!
 I thought this was a great machine . I made several loaves of very good bread . But my second loaf of french bread -LRB- using the dough cycle only -RRB- the machine was n't quite strong enough to get to the end of the cycle . Since then , even with the regular loaves of bread , the machine just does n't have the power to get through the entire cycle.I waited a couple weeks before attempting the dough cycle for french bread again and the machine cut off 15 min before cycle was over . I am assuming the motor just is n't powerful enough . You could smell the motor running hot ! Enough already ! I will be shopping around for a different machine.Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless Steel
 I bought this as a gift for my wife at Christmas . About 3 weeks later , it stopped spinning the ingredients . I called customer service and they gave me instructions to send it back for a replacement . They sent me another model Breadman Pro TR2828 -LRB- it is an outdated and refurbished model that does 2x1lb loafs not a 2lb loaf -RRB- . I called customer service again and have to send them back what they sent me and wait for weeks to receive the correct one . Let 's see what comes this time ...
 First it could not fit thirty pairs of shoes and it broke within a month . The plastic kept breaking in multiple places .
 If you 're tired of over-the-door canvas shoe holders that warp and bang the door when you open/close it , and want to make the most of your floor space , this design is what you 're looking for . We 've had ours for a while and still use it . That said , the plastic mortise-and-tenon joints have nearly all broken on ours -LRB- the tenon breaks off inside the mortise -RRB- , and it has fallen over more than a few times , and only stands straight if supported . It can hold 30 ladies shoes if you store them somewhat creatively -LRB- e.g. , forward-backward -RRB- . Bottom line is that we 'd replace it with something more robust in a heartbeat if we could find a better version , well priced .
 I 've owned this for two months . So far , it 's stayed together , but it 's not particularly sturdy . Also , the only way this rack could hold 30 pairs of shoes is if those 30 pairs belonged to a child . A small one , at that . Men will not be impressed . There is n't a lot of height between the shelves , so my husband 's shoes have to be manuevered in . Overall , this rack filled a need for us , but it certainly could have filled it much better .
 I thought this was the perfect solution to shoe storage . However , nothing could be further from the truth . The box states quick and easily assembly . This was certainly not the case . After 2 hours I threw it in the trash . The poles do n't easily attach to the plastic sides . I hammered repeatedly but they would n't fit ; they kept coming loose . Several of the plastic sides broke as well . Do n't waste your money ; it 's a piece of junk .
 With this shoe rack , the problems started right out of the box . Assembly was supposed to involve simply snapping the pieces into place , but everything is so poorly fitted that it required getting a hammer and beating them into place . About one week after being assembled , the plastic structure of the rack began physically bending and sank down at an angle . After approximately 3 months , the entire thing collapsed , sending shoes everywhere . Absolutely do not buy this product ever . I am amazed that this product is allowed to be sold .
 I had had feather beds in the past.This is awful.Don ' t buy it.the box arrived with what looks like a used feather bed stuffed inside.No label , no plastic bag.Arrived dam and smelling of fish ?? The feathers are weird like they stuck the whole animal inside.Hard and long and it makes a crunching noise when you put weight on it.I am ordering something else.This is garabage!update 05/22/2012THE COMPANY INFORMS ME THAT THESE ARE FEATHERBEDS INTENDED FOR HOTEL USE.SOLD AS A WHOLESALE HOTEL USE FEATHERBED !! FALSE ADVERTISING !!! NO WHERE IN THE DESCRIPTION DOES IT STATE THIS FEATHER BED WAS MADE FOR WHOLESALE HOTEL USE.IT IS CRAP/DON ' T BUY IT .
 I didnot think this Feather bed was that great . I heard from some one at work that a feather bed is a must . So i did some research & found this one . It took a week to get here & i was soo excited . But , was i disappointed after trying it out the first time . I fluffed it and layed down & the feathers shifted to the sides . . was not comfortable at all . I ended up giving it away after using it for a week . I thought i would give it a try . I am over it . If i were to buy another one i would pay more & actually want to see it in person before i buy it -LRB- if i buy another one , which i doubt i would -RRB- . . I bought a new mattress -LRB- temperpedic -RRB- which works out just awesome for now . A waste of money .
 Be careful if you unscrew the unit because i did that while i was cleaning mine and the glass fell out onto the floor and shattered in a million pieces.The glass is not attached to the carafe .
 I received the unit yesterday . The outer box was okay with some damage to it . The inner box looks brand new , with no damage . When I took out the unit , I see a big dent on the front control panel . There are other dents on the bottom and on the side vent that clean air comes out . There are also several holes in the pre-filter and some carbon particles fell out and onto my carpet . The top cover is so loose that you can lift it off completely . The screws on the bottom are not flat against the panel . They are at an angle and are loose . This unit seems like it is a second hand one and have been repaired . I 'm not satisfy with the merchant MoreQualityLessMoney . They are trying to sell people used and broken units as new.Update
 This arrived a couple of days ago , and I ran it at the high setting for an hour as directed . Then I moved it to the low setting . An hour or two later the machine started to make a high pitched noise , like someone holding one note on a clarinet or something.I tried turning it off for awhile , running it at other speeds , no help . The new noise is actually at all three speeds , it is just very apparent on the low speed because the higher speeds produce so much white noise that they almost drown it out.Has anyone else experienced this and know of a fix ? I hate to ship back this heavy item , plus I had hopes it would help with a problem from my neighbors using an outdoor firepit a lot , which raises heck with my lung condition .
 I had this in my bedroom and after a few months having it on at night , mostly on medium or low setting , it started to spew out the smell of wood . I called to complain about this and they told me that I should n't have it near unfinished wood or it will fill up with the fumes . What 's the point of having a filter then ?!
 4 stars for the air cleaner , 1 star for out-of-warranty repairs . I have owned 2 Austin units since 1996 , the full size HM400 and the ` Jr ' HM200 . They do a pretty fair job of filtration , although there are better units that have come on the market since these came out . The filters do not last 5 years , more like 3 before they start to lose effectivness . That was still pretty good , until some of the better competition started to arrive . -LRB- I bought 2 competitors units , and they work better at filtering the air , and are about the same in filter costs , but I kept the Austins for use in other rooms . -RRB- Overall , I was satisfied with these , until they needed out-of-warranty repair . The Austin HM 200 needed shipment to the factory just before the 5 year warranty was up , and was repaired under warranty , so I was n't aware of potential out-of-warranty problems . I recently replaced the filter on the larger Austin HM400 , when I noticed the blower started running more slowly , and varying the speed a lot while running , even almost coming to a stop . I called Austin , and they said I would have to use the '' ... repair and return service for units that are outside of the five year warranty . It would be $ 45 for parts , $ 45 for labor and the shipping to and from our Buffalo offices would also be the customers expense . '' I could not see wasting the energy resources or money to ship this back to Buffalo from California , so I had a local HVAC service diagnose the problem . -LRB- tough diagnosis - their is a metal case , a filter , a 3 speed switch , and electric motor , and a small black box on the motor called a run capacitor . -RRB- It turned out to be a $ 6.00 motor control capacitor , -LRB- `` usual point of failure on fans and blowers - last 5-10 years on average '' according to the shop -RRB- which they suggested I order from Austin as being the ` easiest route ' . I was surprised to get the same response from Austin : `` Unfortunately we do not sell the individual mechanical components of our units . We do offer a repair and return service for units that are outside of the five year warranty . It would be $ 45 for parts , $ 45 for labor and the shipping to and from our Buffalo offices would also be the customers expense . '' This would mean about $ 150 to replace a $ 6 part on a 15 year old unit wich is basically only a fan/motor/switch and a filter in a metal box . If they replaced the motor , wires , switch and provided a new warranty for that price , it would be worth it.I will find the part elsewhere . As I said , this is a very reasonable air purifier , but there are better at the same or slightly higher price points . The biggest downside for potential purchasers , however , is that about the time you are due for the first filter -LRB- allegedly 5 years -RRB- , your warranty will be up . This means a cost of ~ $ 200 for a filter replacement , and $ 150 + shipping round trip when something goes wrong - 70 % of the cost of a new unit with a warranty . Something to keep in mind before purchase or ordering replacement filters on an older unit.UPDATE 2/6/2011After more research on the suspected broken part , I found it on-line , as well as from a local supplier that would sell retail -LRB- CarbonBrush.com -RRB- and ordered an exact replacement for the suspected damaged part , a small black box with 2 wires , bolted on the motor called a ` motor run capacitor ' . I ordered the exact part from the numbers on the side of the black box `` 6uf + / - 5 % ,350 vAC CBB61 , UL number E183963 '' . Available with a long wait for $ 6 on line from various overseas suppliers , ordering it locally was $ 10 - $ 18 after California tax and shipping -LRB- prompt shipping by the company - ordered late Thursday night , delivered prioritymail Saturday morning -RRB- . I also needed a 2 pack of crimp style spade connectors - `` 22-18 Insulated female 0.25 '' . At this point I could have taken the parts and Austin to any HVAV or sewing/vacuum cleaner repair shop for installation , but it was so simple a job that I felt I had enough basic wiring skill to do it myself . If you do n't know anything about electricity , just take everything to a shop like above . But if you have ever changed out a wall switch at your house , then you probably have enough knowledge and skill to do this at home.I did it myself , and the Austin again runs just fine , no noise or motor speed changes . It took 15 minutes , and total cost under $ 20 , not counting about 8 hours of my time researching the possible problem , and identifying a part source . -LRB- Incidently , in my research I found that this is the same part that fails on ceiling fans , with the same symptoms , and replacement parts and procedures are the same . -RRB-
 I bought two of these units in November 2010 . In July 2011 both units began to emit a strong chemical odor . I contacted customer support and was told that I needed to replace the filters . I explained that the cleaners were not even a year old and the representative said it could happen and that the 5 year life for the filters depended on how hard they had to work . I have my house cleaned every 2 weeks and dust is not a problem . I do have a cat -LRB- part of the reason for purchasing these -RRB- but only 1 cat , not several . I think it is also very suspicious that the filters began to `` fail '' at the very same time . These units are not cheap and neither are the filters . Having to replace the filters , even at a pro-rated discount is too costly . I ended up spending another $ 250 for 2 new filters after less than a year . Do not be fooled by the 5 year filter claim . It is false advertising as far as I am concerned . I will not be doing business with this company again .
 This is a $ 500 white noise machine . I bought it with the intention of removing dust from the air . I have it in an approximately 500 square foot room running continuously and it makes no noticeable difference . The air is still full of dust . When I shake out the prefilter there is some dust on it , so it must be removing some dust , but no more than the cheap unit I already had - maybe less . Cleaning the prefilter is a pain in the butt , it involves unscrewing the unit and pulling out a big cylindrical filter with a prefilter wrapped around it , and then the prefilter wants to bunch up as you put it back in -LRB- it 's a tight fit -RRB- . I solved this problem by taping the prefilter.It appears to be working fine , since it blows a strong stream of air from the output , but it just has n't affected the dust level in the room it 's in house . Waste of money . A lot of money . Maybe it removes VOCs that bother people who are allergic to everything - I do n't know and I do n't care . But if you want to get rid of dust , try something else .
 We have had this for just about a month now after doing much research and reading of reviews . I am severely disappointed in its ability as an air purifier . We have 4 dogs and my home still smells like I have 4 dogs . The one thing this machine is great at , is its noise level . It makes a tremedous amount of noise . If that level was any indication of its ability to do the job , I 'd have the cleanest air in the neighborhood . Definitely not worth the price .
 We have n't had a chance to use the Purifier because the product was sent with a defective filter . It began blowing out smelly air after a week of residential use . We contacted Supplies4Less regarding this issue and DID NOT GET A REPLY . UNAUTHORIZED DEALER ... . contact Austin Air for authorized dealers . We are excited to begin using the purifier after we receive our new filter . The 1 star is for the seller , not the product .
 I have cats lot 's of them ! So I went to consumer reports and found this to be a good choice for the smell , No Good My cats still stink LOL ! On a serious note when I turn it on it blows a lot of air out and does help with smells but it only last for about an hour and after that I get the vacuum and have to clean the filter then it works again but I would have to do that all day and I do not have time . I have a old ecoquest that broke they want to much for their machines and to much to fix but I may have to brake down and fix it because that worked like a charm with smells but I have read it is not good for you to breath -LRB- something about ozone -RRB- I have to read more into that one.Long story shortHouse still stinks
 I bought the air purifier because someone in my home is ill . The air purifier would assist him to heal , and feel better . When I received the air purifier it was severely damaged . I could not use it . We were very disappointed . Luckily , I had also purchased another one . It arrived in perfect condition . Since we needed it so badly , for weeks we carried the one we have from floor to floor in our house . The item itself , when it is working , is excellent . I would recommend it , as the best air purifier on the market . I recently purchased another air purifier , so now we have one on each floor . We are breathing much better !
 As the title said , the motor burned out in 10 days . After following the recommended procedure for running it the first time , I kept it running at its lowest setting for most of the 10 days . Day 10 , I came home and I could immediately smell something burned out . Checked the unit and it was barely blowing anything and hot on top . Glad I was n't away from it any longer.When it was working it seemed to do well enough . It was quiet on it 's lowest setting . Any higher and it is far too loud to tolerate . I might buy again with the hope that I just got a bad one .
 Purchased this unit from the merchant MoreQualityLessMoney and Fullfilled by Amazon . When we plugged in the unit , it emitted a foul odor that caused a pretty severe allergic reaction . Since the air purifier was supposed to clean the air and not make it unbreathable - this was not a desirable result . I am afraid that the unit 's filter became tainted prior to shipment or was manufactured improperly . I can not recommend this product and do not think I would be willing to gamble on getting a good unit . I think I 'll write this off as a failed experiment.The only positive thing about this experience is the great customer service provided by Amazon . When I contacted Amazon , my customer service rep immediately e-mailed us a return authorization and pre-paid UPS label to return the Healthmate . I have been shopping with Amazon for a long time and they have always given me superior customer service .
 Like many of the other negative reviews this seller has received about their products , it was a photo copy of another poster . In the border it actually has 74/40 written clear as day . I have purchased several items from them and this is by far the worst one . So unless they change the image they are printing from do not buy this .
 Ordered a DVD of this movie , but recieved the VHS version . I ca n't imagine how that could happen , who buys VHS anymore ?
 I 'm sorry , but I can not recommend these glasses . The overall form is attractive and the Riedel name carries some weight , but look closely at the base of the glass -- see how pinched and tight it is down there ? Riedel overlooked one thing ... these glasses do not fit the human hand ! I do n't know what they were thinking . Not a satisfactory way to enjoy your dram . Before you order , check out the Glencairn whisky glass -- a much better -LRB- and lower cost -RRB- design adopted by most of the distilleries in Scotland and by all the major whisky events here in the states . Thanks for listening . Cheers !
 Many people swear by Riedel glasses , saying that they greatly improve the taste of a beverage . Other people swear _ at _ Riedel glasses , saying that they 're overhyped and that the differences between glasses are n't useful . I fall in the middle - I think Riedel glasses are nice , but question whether I really need not only a separate pinot noir glass , but now also a glass just for _ Oregon _ pinot noirs.The Riedel Single Malt Scotch glass is an example of something I 'm skeptical of . Most scotch aficionados use a tulip shaped glass -LRB- fat bottom , narrow chimney-like top -RRB- that concentrates the aroma for nosing . I 'm not sure where Riedel got their design from . It does indeed work better than just using a rocks glass as some people do . Its narrow chimney helps to concentrate the aromas a bit . But - for the cost , you could just go ahead and get a better , tulip shaped glass.I do n't see the ones commonly used for sale on Amazon for some reason , but you should be able to search for `` scotch nosing glass '' and find several on the Internet . On Amazon , the Spiegelau vinovino glass is probably the closest match . The Spiegelau glass also has a longer stem -LRB- something not found on either the Riedel or traditional scotch nosing glasses -RRB- , which is nice.In short , the Riedel scotch glass is nice , but you can do better .
 If you put these pans in the dishwasher , they leak rusty water every time that you wash them . What a mess ! However , cookies turn out fine on them . I have never owned a baking pan that you could not put in the dishwasher before . If you want to wash your pans by hand , then this pan is for you .
 I 've had great experiences with Bosch tools and appliances , so I thought I 'd give one of their vacuums a try . At first , I liked the fact that it was lightweight and quiet , but I ran into several problems : - the handle and brush attachment are awkward to use . It 's impossible to vacuum things like the top of a television . - the plastic used on the wand is cheap , and the wand broke just after the warranty ran out - a couple of times that I was vacuuming a particularly dusty floor -LRB- during home renovations -RRB- , the bag popped off and large amounts of dust got sucked into the motor . Now the vacuum is considerably noisier than it should be , and it heats up considerably after a little use.Because of all of these problems , I am now looking for a new vacuum after just two years . My previous canister vacuum , a Kenmore , lasted about a decade before the motor blew . Time go look at the Mieles ...
 This vendor -- famous deal -- Amazon continues to show this item with this vendor , but they have no stock . I found out 2 weeks later . Very disappointing .
 `` Though this vacuum has excellent suction . well thought out attachments , and very easy to push among many other accolades there is one glaring problem . In the user manual it states `` handling the cord on this product will expose you to lead , '' . Well if you have children or your pregnant , well lead is a four letter word . Of corse I found this out after my pregnant wife finished rolling up the cord ''
 I made the investment in the original ball and now the product has been discontinued . Thanks Oxiclean .
 Pan looked nice when I got it , coating seemed to be quality . I hoped I had found a pan that was nice enough to bake in and take to functions . On 1st use the lovely pan stained , apparently the coating itself and the biscuits I was cooking stuck to the pan ... subsequent baking has resulted in additional stains . My ` pretty ' pan is now ugly and you have to line or spray to ensure nothing sticks . I ordered add ' l pans before using this one - I wish I 'd saved my money , I had old stained pans that worked just as well .
 I bought this pan primarily for broiling and have used it for over six months . Initially quality seemed good , but I quickly discovered that this pan easily stains . After broiling I sometimes have to scrub very hard to clean the pan - even after soaking the pan for two days .
 I was ver disappointed with the cake pan I received . There is a dent on one of the bottom corner and the coating on that part came off . The damage is not caused by carrier as the packing box is in very good condition . Obviously , no one inspected the pan when it was being packed . I returned the cake pan on the same day !
 I needed a sink strainer and bought this because it was scented . It works okay as a strainer , though because it 's a rubbery plastic , it gets slimey . I have a pretty good sniffer and the apple cinnamon scent is negligible . I do n't recommend this product and wo n't buy it again .
 These towels were shredded in the very first wash . They were also discolored . Then , I tried to return them and asking questions about how we can get a refund to us instead of the gift buyers -LRB- we do n't want them to know that their gift was awful -RRB- and they keep responding `` sorry for inconvenience '' with no other response to our questions as if they can not speak or understand English . So , our friends who bought us four sets as a gift are out $ 200 and we are going to have to throw the towels away .
 Polder usually makes some decent products ; this thermometer is not one of them ! The only thing this thermometer does well , is flash a small LED once the temperature reaches a pre-determined setting . The unit takes up to 20 seconds or more to register the temperature of your food . In addition , the temperature it gives varies wildly depending the food . I ended up throwing mine away and going with a Taylor product . Much betterDo n't waste your time with this thermometer .
 Everything reviewer # 1 said . This is a real piece of trash . We just bought it and are now getting a replacement .
 The soup spoon is way to big , I use them as serving spoon , but who needs so many serving spoons ?
 This seller advertised Kerr canning jar lids as ` new ' - but the box was old , opened and re-closed with scotch tape , with the 99 cents canning jar lids inserted instead of the Kerr brand . Those who can know that Kerr is the Rolls-Royce of jars and lids , and is the only manufacturer worth more than 99c for a dozen lids . To have a seller substitute a used Kia claiming to be a new Rolls is simply fraud .
 the labeling and description for the Kerr Lids is very confusing , and picture does n't help . I bought these because i thought they would fit our large mason jars , only to receive them and learn they are too small . Returning them was not worth the time and money . So now i have a bunch of lids and no jars .
 this bag is horrible !! so thin you can barely put anything in it !!! Never would buy again !!!
 I used this product only once.The day after I got it I bumped it and it tipped over , rolled off the counter , and the thermos shattered :-LRB- Too bad it tipped over so easy because it looked great , kept the liquid hot , and poured great -LRB- at least for the only time I got to use it . -RRB-
 fed-ex always delivers to the wrong apartment . u.p.s. and u.s.p.s. always deliver to the correct address , so it is clearly described as apartment 2 . this has been going on for over 10 years with fed-ex . i am now disabled and finally got the package 3 days later than it was delivered incorrectly . the glass was shattered . the frame was metal and cheap looking . i am so unhappy and discouraged , i threw the package out . it was described incorrectly and packaged and shipped poorly . the worst experience i have ever had . i will never bother ordering from this company again . lousy merchandise . save yourself the trouble and order from pictureframes.com 's sale outlet instead.they are wonderful . i hate fed-ex .
 Nice frame for the price , but the glass was broken . Twice
 Bought this weeks back , but it was totally smashed to pieces when I received it . Sent what was left back to Amazon for a refund . They definitely need to work on the packaging for shipping this item , but if it broke into so many pieces in the box , I could only imagine what would happen if I accidentally knocked it over on a counter . Think I 'll stick to a stainless steel carafe .
 In case you have n't read the January issue of Consumer Reports yet , let me summarize
 Item was broken and damaged when I received it . i think that the item would have been a good investment if it was n't broken or damaged when I got it .
 When I lived in Okinawa Japan , my husband brought home a couple ofWearever fry pans that were wonderful . Just the right weight to let you know you had a pan in your hand but one that was n't made of cast iron . When we returned to the States and I was in need of a new set of cookware , my thoughts and eyes went to the old frying pans and I ordered the set . What a disappointment . These are so light they feel like plastic . I do n't dare leave them on a hot burner for too long thinking they will either warp or melt . They are about 1/16th of an inch thick instead of the 5/16ths the old ones are and just do n't cook the same . The only positive is that they are very easy to clean . Back to the drawing board for another set of cookware that feels real .
 I received this king size bed and it was smashed beyond repair , but after looking at the damage I was able to see what the bed was made of and it was a cheap foam material covered to look like wood . Very poor quality . It looks great until you see what it is really made of . I guess I was lucky that it was damaged because I would not have seen the cheapness of this item . It looks very impressive in the photos , but do n't be deceived . If you want a good quality bed that will last , this is definitely not the one !! Junk !!!!!
 I doubt this is going to matter since the items went on clearance and its doubtful they 'll come back into stock . But if they do , be warned : The packaging for these glasses is not suited to being shipped . A thin cardboard box , and the glasses have 1 piece of paper wrapped around them . No padding at all . -LRB- That box is then put inside another cardboard box with padding , but really , what 's the point ? -RRB- Needless to say , I 'll enjoy my 3 new glasses and its a minor miracle that only one of them was smashed to heck -LRB- in each of the boxes I ordered there was at least 1 broken glass -RRB-
 The previous poster was correct . I ordered three different Stiffel wave glasses . The first box , with the double old fashioned glasses , came today . The packing was a joke , and one glass came shattered into little bits . I 've sent a complaint , and have n't heard back yet , but given that the glasses are out of stock , I doubt I will get a replacement -- and sending them back for a refund would cost nearly as much as I paid for the glasses.If you need glassware , order from Crate and Barrel . I ordered two dozen wine and champagne glasses from them and not one came broken , thanks to the careful packing job done by C&B ; .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WORTH PURCHASING . THE SPONGE ENDS COME LOOSE IMMEDIATELY WHEN USING AND FALL OUT !
 This item is not a true Portmeirion product in that it is not made in England . It is made in China . It is thin and lightweight by the standards of Portmeirion and certainly does not meet the standards of those who appreciate Portmeirion . The price seemed to be too good to be true and it was . Very dissapointing .
 Loses power quickly.Very messy to clean , a job that required a trip outside each time.Power settings are functionless , I mean who is going to vacuum on any setting other than the highest .
 Very poor quality.You have to empty the dirt cup often , the power switches and wisper mode do n't work.Wish I had my old vacume back .
 I previously had a Hoover Savvy but I ran over something which triggered the automatic shut off and it has n't worked since . It lasted for about a year and a half which I think for $ 180.00 should have lasted a lot longer . Second time around I bought the less expensive Hoover Empower . Despite the fact that the Savvy only lasted a short while I was happy with it up until then so I figured if I bought the Empower for 99.00 I would n't be so upset if it broke down in 11/2 years . The Empower has now broken down after 5 months . The bare floor function never worked , as other people have said it shoots everything back at your ankles and now the brush has stopped spinning altogether . When it did work I had to always keep it on turbo or else it would not pick up everything . I feel this loyalty to Hoover but I really need to let go !! I wish I still had my grandma 's old Kirby . Ahh the good old days !
 Bought the green older version about 11/2 years ago . Has been repaired once for $ 50 and has just died again , after months of just ok suction . It is loud - -LRB- hush mode is no better -RRB- , heavy , blows dirt on your ankles , difficult to use on stairs , and the hose comes unattached occasionally . So dissappointing for a Hoover . My parents still have theirs from about 30 years ago -LRB- while no repairs , probably does n't pick up as well as they think -RRB- . Hoover 's quality has definitely gone downhill . The cannister/filter is disgusting to clean , spreading dirt/dust all over . Give me a bagged model anytime . Actually , after much research , I just ordered an upgraded Bissell bagless model from Amazon that almost 100 reviewers gave 41/2 stars . I never put too much thought into my vacuum until this model-there were just so many issues , it made me want/expect better .
 Bought this from Amazon 7 or eight months ago . It no longer works . For a month or so it worked pretty well , excellent suction . Somewhat heavy , and Very , Very loud . As other reviews have said , there seemed to be no difference in hush mode , except maybe the roaring was slightly higher in pitch ... AND , of all the stupid things , there 's a fan underneath it that blows dirt all over your feet while you use it ! Super annoying , but not enough to return it , so ... Emptying out the dust cup is amazingly messy ... Like , what 's the point of having a -LRB- nonwashable , btw -RRB- filter in here if I end up dumping dirt all over the place trying to empty it?It has these stupid plastic wheels on the bottom that , for some mysterious reason , can clip on or off the vacuum . When they fall off -LRB- every time I used it -RRB- , the vacuum becomes almost impossible to move , and the wheels are tricky to get back on . After awhile , the little plastic pieces that hold the wheels in place broke off , so I duct taped them into position.Shortly after taping them on , the machine simply stopped working . All noise , no suck.There are not enough curses in my vocabulary to paint a realistic picture of my hatred for this machine . I would n't use it to bludgeon an intruder .
 I bought this new Hoover after havin gmy previous Hoover for over ten yeats . After less than a year , it will not pick up pet hair or leaves . I would not buy this vacuum cleaner .
 I bought this about a year ago from Target . It 's now completely broken.I live in a small one bed-room apartment . With a couple rugs to clean and one dog -LRB- not to clean ! obviously -RRB- . Pieces have literally broken off underneath it . Starting at the 6 month point.I am so disappointed that it did n't last very long . Vacuums Should have more longevity , but i guess you get what you pay for.I 'm going to pony up for a Dyson now .
 Maybe mine was a lemon , but this vacuum is terrible . It does not pick up dirt on our concrete floor . The dirt flies back and hits you in the ankles . The hush function did not have much difference in volumes when it arrived . Now it is the exact same , so this function does not work on my vacuum . I spend more time cleaning the filter than vacuuming . The stretch hose , must be a joke , since it does not stretch . You will definitely want an extension . Plus it is a two handed ordeal to put it back into place , unless there is a trick that I do not know.Even though I hate this vacuum , it seems to pick up dirt fine on carpet . It will reside upstairs for carpet only in our household.This model was so terrible , I just bought another vacuum , which works beautifully on our concrete floors . Hoover Elite Rewind purchased from Costco.Hoover U5507-900 Elite Rewind Bagless Upright
 Read the reviews on the Amazon sight and at Consumer Reports and chose it for that reason . Received the vacuum and after one use the brush no longer spun and there was no suction from the bottom . I contacted Hoover who was willing to ship me a belt but would n't hear of refunding some of my money for their remarkably unreliable product . So now I 'm still without a vacuum while the ` new ' one I bought is being repaired . Hoover considered the warranty repair as a ` gift ' to me and they were doing me such a service by repairing their product for free after one use . I would steer away from Hoover products .
 I purchased this vacuum based upon how it was rated by Consumer Reports . What a disappointment ! It is supposed to work well on hard surfaces . It simply shoots out the back what it picks up in the front . A total bummer since my house is all tile ! I would not recommend this vacuum .
 I got this , the green one , at Xmas 2007 . Not bad-I liked it at first . It was my first bag less , so I did not have anything to compare it with . However , it is now ready for the trash . A few words of caution.-yep , it 's gross to empty and you will need to bang the filter repeatedly outside . I bought a washable filter , rather than spend $ 30 a pop . Dust bin fills fast . I have 2 dogs-hose is impossible to attach and snaps off routinely while you are cleaning.-just throw out the turbo tool now , as it will break beyond repair almost immediately-you 'll lose suction as you vacuum-too clunky for small spaces ; prepare yourself for hands and knees with tools-stairs ? Wait or it to topple over , hose is short-it 'll clog and you 'll need a degree in engineering to repair it-the belt will break , and you 'll have to be a wizard to get out the 17 screws to repair , or pay the guy $ 30 - hush and boost do n't do anything , so do n't excite yourself over thatAfter a final heroic effort to get at the belt , mine is going out with the trash ! I have bought another Hoover , wind tunnel pet , on account of its longevity . Thy have apparently made it easy to change the belt-yeah !
 I did n't purchase this on amazon but my employer bought it a year ago for us to use in the office . We have a really small office probably smaller than my 3 bedroom house and the carpet is pretty short . It worked great for about a month and then just started not picking up very well . I think the power boost button does nothing but make the machine louder .
 This vacuum spits out the particles instead of sucking them up . It actually spits out and hits you at your feet . It does not suck-up dust , it just moves it from one place to another . Do n't try to save money by buying this vacuum . It simply does not work .
 This is a cheap vacuum and we are not impressed . Ability to vacuum marginal . Unfriendly to operate . Filter clogs easily . Rubber band drive breaks easily - . All said I would return this vacuum if I could .
 I never really thought a ton about vacuum design ... until I bought this . It works quite well at cleaning carpet . It does n't work at all on wood floors . The hush mode is just as loud as the regular mode . It 's bulky , heavy , and does n't turn well . And cleaning out the bagless canister is messy , dusty , and just a royal pain . No matter how careful I am , I always end up with dust flying about . I 've had this for a year and as soon as I can afford it , I am going to buy a good old-fashioned `` bag '' vacuum cleaner . There is no savings by going bagless ... you still need to replace the filter every so often and that can be a good $ 15 dollars . I 've never actually HATED a vacuum before , but I sure do hate this one .
 Butter warmers are advertised as stainless steel but when they arrived , a quick inspection proved that all items were made of cheap steel that had a bad chrome plating job . Nothing was made from stainless steel that was included in the package . Package just arrived but do not expect the set to last past a couple of dishwashings before everything starts to rust . Very disappointed , would not reccomend to anyone .
 I originally planned to use this pot cover , which incidentally covers most large pots , when cooking on the stove . However , one time I had placed a pot into the stove to cook -LRB- Farberware is okay on this occasion , -RRB- and the black handle on top of this pot cover melted and smelled unpleasant to say the least . I hardly used it on top of the stove when this incident happened . The stainless steel did not change , but the unit is almost useless without a handle .
 I 'm sorry do n't trust stuff made in china to prepare my food . Maybe they should n't have put lead in kids toys .
 The jar itself is beautiful and very unique , so if you want to make an impression when gifting a jar of something special , this is a good choice , but NOT the best since the lids are aluminum and not a harder metal , so it gets misshapen quickly and it 's difficult to get it back into shape . This results in a very poor seal and spills .
 FYI everyone - just called their customer service to ask what is in their `` anti-corrosion coating '' on those lids ... they said `` not 100 % BPA free '' ...
 I have had to revise this review after a concerned consumer informed me that the product is NOT 100 % BPA free . My apologies to anyone who may have purchased based on my review . I only used the information that I obtained in the the article referenced below . I DID contact the company to question if the product was or was not BPA free . They NEVER responded . The company 's lack of response leads me to believe that this product is NOT BPA free.I 'll pay a little more if it means BPA free food.I must first say that I do not own these jars only the Ball canning jars . However , as soon as my financial situation improves , this is 1st on my list . Apparently , the canning lids -LRB- Ball , Kerr , Golden Harvest , and Bernandin -RRB- are coated with an industrial chemical called Bisphenol-A -LRB- AKA
 These boxes are too narrow to hold CD cases . What a rip ! They look nice but that makes them even more disappointing .
 I bought these Cooking Spoons , part because of the Reviews and part because of the nice dark blue color which is the color in my Kitchen . I can always tell when it takes a while to receive an Item , ... . something has gone wrong . I got them few days ago and they are both a different shade of light blue , nothing like the color posted on the website , they are NOT even the same color both , ... go Figure ! They seem very strong but I Do Not Like Them , and that is the reason for the two stars . I know it is just a Spoon ! However , I do not care when they send you what ever they want and NOT what you have ordered !
 The first time we used them on Hamburger Helper they got stained with the cheese mix . Other than that they were OK , but that was the singular reason I got them . I was sick of looking at our white , sauced , stained old spoons.Now I have blue , cheese stained , spoons . Very disappointing .
 I bought these because of the reviews but after trying to use the spoons I decided they are awkward and hard to use . I would not buy them again and will probably never use them .
 I bought these and they looked good . I washed them before the first use and they turned pink . They function well but I keep them stored in a `` utensil holder '' so I was looking for red , not pink . So I would n't get them unless you are looking to toss them in a drawer .
 The spoons I received were a very awful shade of dusty fuscia , not red at all . They were not at all what I was wexpecting .
 Yes , they 're red & beautiful , but I need more from kitchen utensils , like not having to peel off pieces of nylon that come loose at the edges .
 The `` feet '' of the napkin stand are uneven . It rocks at a high frequency any time the table it sits on is bumped . It is extremely annoying , to the point where I 'm looking for another napkin holder that holds napkins in place .
 I purchased these knives on the strength of the Wusthof name and my expectation that these would replace an old set of stamped steel Japanese knives I purchased almost 15 years ago . Personally , I think that my older knives are better balanced and more solid than this particular set from Wusthof.The blades are sharp , for sure , and the chef 's knife did a great job of dicing root vegetables . However , the knives are very light weight , and prone to spotting if you -LRB- foolishly , I 'll admit -RRB- let them set in the sink . Also , the knives do not fit well in the block , so when you reach for one , you end up knocking one or two others out of alignment or , in some cases , out of the block . The honing rod is in an awkward position , too , and blocks access to any knife immediately below it.I was very disappointed , and ended up giving away the set -LRB- used , ca n't return to Amazon -RRB- to a friend who needed a basic starter set . I plan to be more cautious next time , and do some hands-on shopping before I buy a new set . When buying kitchen knives , you get what you pay for -- even if they 're from a well-known and respected manufacturer .
 PLEASE do n't buy this set , especially at this price . This set made by Wusthof , although looking nice , is not comparable to their high end knives , and should n't be selling for 60 % of the price of their better knives . I own a set of over 15 knives from their GrandPrix line , but if I was in the market for nice knives at a bargain price , I would look to the Calphalon Traditional set or any other similarly priced set , which is forged like higher end knives . They also look nice , are heavy , and stay sharp well . -LRB- My brother owns some -RRB- Please do yourself a favor and shop around and do n't buy a set based on name brand . High end knives are worth the money for the ones you use most like a Chef 's knife -LRB- I recommend the 8 '' Wusthof Classic or GrandPrix -RRB- ... but if you would like a bargain set , look to one with a better price ... They 're your best value.With that all being said though , if you are trying to get a set for around the X dollar amount , go out and buy a few high end knives . A sharp small set works better than a large dull one . I bought many of my knives myself , but many others were gifts because people knew I enjoyed them , but in all actuality , I only use a few `` all '' the time . Chef 's , serrated , boning , & a utility knife ... 4 Quarters are better than 20 pennies ...
 The Silverpoint knives may look good in the pictures , but they are NOTHING like the quality of the Wusthof Grand Prix knives . The weight is about a third of the same Grand Prix knife . The blades are flimsy and they do n't have the same balance as the more expensive quality Wusthof lines . The Silverpoint knives are stamped and not forged like the other Wusthof knives . I ended up donating my Silverpoint set to Salvation Army , and bought another set - Grand Prix this time - to get the quality I was looking for . Do yourself a favor -- save your money and use whatever knives you currently have until you can afford to buy a Classic or Grand Prix set . Even at the $ 69.99 Amazon price , they are not a good deal !!!!
 I purchased these knives as a present for my mother . She has always used cheap faberware knives and I thought she would enjoy having some decent cutlery . The Wusthof Silverpoint will not meet this goal . I purchased these thinking I would get a mid-grade knife set , but they are poor at best . I 'm am returning these and I 'm very disappointed with this experience . The knives are extremely sharp , however they are so light and flimsy that they are a safety hazard . I have `` good '' knives , but I did not have lofty expectations for these , as I expect many people do . The handles on the Silverpoints look cheaper than any brandname knife I have ever seen . Please consider something else , there are far better products for the same or lower price .
 These knives are pretty cheesy -- I was very dissapointed with them . They are extremely lightweight , flimsy and not at all what I would have expected from Wusthof .
 at first the knives were good . . after 1 month use they developed rust and stains eventhough we hand washed them ... handle is plastic and not very ergonomic . . not worth it !
 I DID NOT RECEIVE THE 6 '' FORK WITH MY SET -LRB- INSTEAD I GOT TWO 4527 KNIVES -LRB- 16CM AND 20 CM -RRB- . I AM BEING FORCED TO PAY $ 49.99 FOR A FORK SINCE I THREW AWAY THE BOX.NOT ONLY COUNT THE PIECES , BUT MAKE SURE IT IS WHAT YOU WERE OFFERED
 Do n't even waste your time ordering these knives ! My husband and i just got married and were looking for a good starter set . Based on the reviews of these and other knives we decided on the silverpoint and ordered them . A few days later the knives arrived , only they were n't the knives we ordered !! The block was a totally different style and the knives were n't even the silverpoint series ! To rectify the situation we looked for a customer service number to no avail . finally my husband found it after scouring the internet -LRB- 8002017575 -RRB- . Anyway when we called they said they made a mistake and would send out the new knives . When we received the second set they were the same incorrect set we received before ! Again we called customer service and we were told it was a catalog error . You would think a big company like amazon would be more on top of their game than this . This was our first time using amazon and we will probably never order from them again . Who knows what other false advertisements they may have !
 the machine is not very good when we tried to cut meat with it the blade is going sideways so we tried to ajust the blade and with little force the ajustement made of cast broke in half . we tried to return the cutter but they only want to give us a new ajustement and this is not wat we wnated a complete waste of money
 For the price , I found the saw decent . The blade tended to not cut straight and would tend to angle off to the side with meat that was almost frozen .
 this machine is difficult to put together because of poorly machined parts . i had to go to hardware store to buy parts and re-tap holes that were machined poorly . item is bent on many of the parts . do not buy this junk possible safety hazard .
 Krups brand has a good reputation , but my experience with their automatic ice cream maker has raised some concerns , `` buyer beware . '' I read all 17 reviews , and only three ranked less than 5 stars . I found JM 's two star review dated Aug 3,07 particularly useful because I encountered similar but not identical issues.I made the coffe gelato recipe from the , `` Dessert Bible , '' by Christopher Kimball , editor of Cooks Illustrated . Krup 's instruction says to put the freezer bowl with the finished product back in the freezer overnight . When I did , the gelato became a frozen-solid not suitable for scooping out . My suggestion would be to remove the finished product to a separate container before placing it into the freezer for `` final curing . '' As the mixing finished , I removed the lid and paddle and noticed that the sides and bottom of the bowl was not scraped cleanly during the `` churning '' to incorporate all of the mix.Last week , for my second attempt , I tried Ginger Ice Cream , a recipe from the Little Washington Inn cookbook . After making the cream mixture I placed it in the refrigerator to cool . The next morning I began to assemble the Krup 's ice cream maker and , as much as I tried , I was unable to get the lid to attach to the freezer bowl.Customer Service at Krups is closed on weekends , so on Monday , I called them and described the problem about my difficulty in securing the lid . The lid assembly has the motor attached from the top and the paddle attached from the bottom . Customer Service 's analysis came back as a `` defective freezer bowl -- warped . '' I described my problem to them as I could not get the lid assembly unit to fit into the `` lock '' recesses of the upper ring -LRB- there are four such recesses that secure the lid to the freezer bowl . First , I described how the paddle shaft fit only part way into the recess of the motor and when I pushed as far as it would go , instead of being firmly seated , it seemed to be in too shallow and was wobbly when I moved it . Second the ill-fitting paddle appeared too long , preventing the lid from seating evenly along the top ring which is designed to secure the lid to the freezer bowl . Krup 's response that the bowl was warped -LRB- bottom was not flat , but it bowed upward -RRB- preventing the motor-lid-paddle assembly to fit.I then looked at Amazon 's web page again and noticed that the Krup 's ice cream maker shown came with the paddle in two parts -LRB- separate paddle and drive shaft -RRB- versus mine which was a single plastic molded paddle with shaft as part of the design . I also looked at the original packing carton , and it had a notice that the picture printed on the carton may not match the parts packed.I do not know the nuances of the model identification of the machines the customers reviewed -LRB- probably all #GSV 142 -RRB- with a different suffix , mine reads # 4506 and has the single paddle , or some other suffix number for the two piece paddle . But it 's a fact that there are differences in the paddle design . I believe , based on my experience , that the two-part paddle design is preferred . And if the freezer bowl has a tendency to warp , it may be due to quality control of how much freezer gel is pumped into the double wall of the Freezer Bowl . If there is too much , the freezing gel could push against the bottom of the bowl , warping it . Just a thought . Anyway , my defective unit is being returned , and my several hours of preparing the ginger ice cream mix sits in the refrigerator and will probably not survive the time it takes me to get a different mixer .
 The title says it in a nutshell . The poor design of this product deserves 0 stars , but if you do n't mind doing some slap-dash repairs it will make some good homemade frozen treats . The details : If you look at the picture of the machine , you will see a clear plastic top which fits on to the white plastic piece below it . There are 4 small round pegs on the inside of the top which slide down the same number of slots in the white plastic piece below it . At the bottom of the slots you can then turn the top to either side where it will slide into a semi-circular recess . And therein lies the problem -- while a circle will easily slide into a semi-circle , there is nothing to lock it into place . Once the motor starts running , there is more than sufficient vibration to jiggle the lid out and up . This will result in the paddle no longer scraping against the bottom of the frozen bowl as it turns and you are left with a non-creamy solid block at the bottom of the bowl when you are done.I called Krups support line about this issue . After 20 minutes on hold waiting for someone to pick up , and another 5 minutes on hold after I explained the issue for the agent to track down the machine so he could see for himself , I was told `` If it makes you feel any better , the previous model 's lid just sat on top with nothing to hold it down at all . '' Which tells me the designers were aware of the issue but could n't come up with a very good idea to solve it , and did n't do sufficient testing to determine whether the problem had been solved . As I said , the designers deserve 0 stars on this one . While the wait for support was longer than a customer should have to put up with , the guy I talked to certainly did all he could do under the circumstances . For those who already bought this machine he did offer a helpful suggestion -- since the lid can be turned in either direction , turning it in the direction opposite the direction the paddle is turning will make it pop out less frequently . This is still of limited help since as the ice cream gets thicker the paddle reverses direction . Ultimately , I found that in order to keep the lid on without constant baby-sitting that the old home repair stand-by -- duct tape -- would hold the lid down as long as you make sure to apply it right at the start before condensation forms.So having done all that , how 's the ice cream ? Quite good . The frozen bowl holds its cold well and has no problem getting your ice cream from liquid to ... well , ice cream . The paddle does its job of keeping things creamy rather than frozen lumps . The texture is best right out of the maker -- after you put it in the freezer it tends to harden up , but how much depends largely on what your ingredients are -LRB- the more fat , the more `` creamy '' -RRB- . So once you overcome the design flaws of this machine you will ultimately get what you got it for . But if I had it to do again , I 'd get a machine that was designed right in the first place .
 I had the previous version and loved it , but I always was short ice cream for my 3 kids . So I decided to upgrade to the larger volume one . However , after my 3 run and making ice cream I just through it in the trash . They make this item so cheap that they might have even taken out too much of the silca . You will never get a full portion of ice cream as it does n't have enough silca in it to freeze the ice cream . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 DO NOT recommend too much trouble ... must freeze bowl in order to make a very small amount of cream . Has to be frozen 24 hours prior to making cream . Can only make one making then must refreeze for at least 24 hours . Can not just spontanously make ice cream when you would like .
 The instructions that came with this ice cream maker said it would make ice cream in about 40 minutes . I followed the recipe it included and even after an hour I still had very , VERY soft ice cream . I tried again , this time with an included sorbet recipe , and this time got a watery slush . A third effort , this time for cherry ice cream , was even worse than the first . And yes , I kept the container in a freezer , per the instructions , for 24 hours before each attempt . The results were not good . I am very unhappy . If you are looking for anything resembling what you would find commercially , this does n't produce it.Two years later . After not bothering with this device for a long period , I decided to give it another try . This time I just left the freezer bowl in the freezer for like 3 days ahead of time . Much better . And I adjusted my expectations . The ice cream will be soft , and it needs to be if you want to get out of the mixer . Just about double the mixing time and put the result into containers that go right into the freezer . After freezing for a day the result will match the commercial stuff . If I was to re-rate this item I would give it 5 stars .
 Coating is damaged . After hardly a few uses coating is in your food !! I 've send it to Presto , Then I 've waited for about 6 month to get my replacement , and guess what ? After a week replaced skillet coating is damaged too . And you pay your shipping and it costs more to send it back.It 's junkie skillet . no use at all.dissapoited .
 The `` nonstick '' coating starts peeling off in large chunks in the circle around the heating element within a few uses . Never in my life have I seen such poor quality in a supposedly `` name brand '' item . I have had other electric skillets that lasted years and years . This one started failing in under six months . I will not EVER buy another Presto product based on this sad experience , and am looking to replace this ASAP . It was quite a disappointment , too ... because the smaller size is handy when cooking for two . Buy something else . Or just set fire to your money . This thing is awful . -LRB- Please note the other reviews about this common complaint . -RRB-
 I purchased this skillet in 08/8/10 . I have n't had this skillet a full year - yet the non-stick coatingis peeling off . Not in small places , but wide sections . Even against the inside wall , were you would n't think it would peel . I wonder is anyone else having this problem . One man had the same problem with his skiillet , sent it back - received a new one that peeled as well . I like the small size I 'll just try my luck with a different brand .
 Presto heating is so far off that I will never buy another Presto product . I can not put this skillet higher than 250 or it burns everything . I had a Presto waffle maker - same problem - burned every waffle recipe I tried . There was no temp control on the waffle maker . Sent it back , got a new one & same problem . If I could give Presto products less than `` 1 '' , I would . Now looking for another brand of electric skillet . The waffle maker went to Good Will - someone else 's problem now .
 I have had this `` thing '' for about two years , did n't use it until recently -LRB- last two months -RRB- . Problems : Thermostat
 We bought this skillet specifically to make pancakes but it wo n't get hot enough . The pancakes dry out on the top but the bottom never browns enough to flip the cakes over .
 I 'm returning this ottoman . The color and quality are fine , but it 's not the demensions that are stated . It 's really only 24 '' wide and 16 '' high , much smaller than stated . A real disappointment .
 I did not do my due dilligence on this item -- but I have to say the level of quality was not the same as the turkey cooker pot I bought 5 years ago . If you are considering this item I would advise buying the stainless version instead .
 The description says `` The perfect addition to any cooking setup indoors or out '' . However the instructions and box say `` OUTDOOR USE ONLY . `` Disappointed that it is not as described . If you are looking for OUTDOOR , this looks good , otherwise stay away .
 The description states &#34; commercial grade &#34; . This pot would not last a month in a commercial kitchen . The wall thickness is so thin that you can easily dent it with your bare hands .
 This pot is very thin and arrived with a large dent that occurred during shipping . I am surprised at all of these positive reviews considering how thin the aluminum is . You could dent/bend this with your bare hands with little effort . I am returned it and have replaced it with a 40qt Winware aluminum stock pot -LRB- basket and top are available but sold separately -RRB- . The Winware pot is much higher quality and the aluminum is at least twice as thick . Although it is a little more expensive it will not be easily damage and is sill a very good value .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister-in-law . She was thrilled with the size and steam/boil basket . However , when looking at the instructions it said this was for outdoor use only . It did n't say this anywhere on the description or give any notice of this . This limitation should have been advertised as one typically expects to be able to use this product indoors , not outside .
 Sadly , I am stuck with this item that I will never use due to it 's poor , cheap quality . `` Outdoor use only '' was not readily apparent based on the description .
 I am very disappointed with the shipper of this product . I purchased the stock pot as a Christmas gift for my daughter and her husband . I received the the product in the original box , not boxed in a box . It did not dawn on me to check and see if there was damaged to the pot in anyway . I wrapped the gift and gave it to my daughter for Christmas . When they oppened the box they found the pot had a big dent in the bottom.They called me and let me know of the damage or defect . I gave them the Amazon info / email and they contacted the sender . The sender said that they would replace it but they would have to pay the shipping charges to send it back and for the sender to send another pot . My daughter said that they should not have to pay the shipping charges for something damaged or defected that was not their fault . I told my daughter I would get another pot for them and they said no . Paying $ 30 or $ 30 dollars for shipping was rediculous and they would keep the dented pot.I am very disappointed with Amazon & the shipper for not stepping up to replace and send an undamaged stock pot at no cost . It is not good business to not step up to the plate for customer satisfaction and keep a customer for another purchase .
 Both cruets have glass burs on the trim rings located on the handles . If you are not willing to take them and have them removed , I would not purchase them ... For their cost , I expected a better quality product . Buyer burr ware .
 They do n't give you hardware ! So as much as I would love to use it ... it 's kind of hard when I ca n't figure out what size screws are needed to hold the products in !
 This product was put together so poorly that I saw it as soon as I took it out of the package . There is no way any quality control happens at that factory .
 A spot weld released after it was hung and I had placed my boxes of wraps in it . Cheaply made . I have had these in the distant pass and had no problems with them . Now they must have changed the manufacturer or the manufacturing process and they are not well made . Wo n't order any more , even though I need them .
 This rack secures to the wall with more wishful thinking than actual hardware . It uses screws to basically frame in the outside of the wire into the wall and that 's just not enough . If there was an eye hole you could screw through to secure it then I would have loved it but after tin foil and saran wrap pulling it off the wall all the time it ended up going to the trash can . If you 're going to store tissue or something light weight with low traffic to it then you 'll probably be okay but if you 're going to need it for what I would consider normal kitchen items I would recommend you pass on this . I gave it 2 stars because it could be useful to someone , just not me .
 I attached this to my pantry door with the included screws . I followed the directions . It hung nicely . For a while it worked like it was supposed to . Then one day it just dropped off the door . I found that I could put it back by compressing the sides a little to put the screw brackets under the screw heads again . I tried tightening the screws but the metal bars and the screw heads are flush ; they wo n't go any further . I stripped a screw trying to get it to go in further . Unfortunately the screws wo n't hold the rack on if I put more than 3 full rolls of any kind of wrapping in there . It 's too short to put more than 3 regular-sized rolls in . I use it for one regular roll of wrapping , one small one and one box of sandwich bags . Inevitably someone will bump it though and everything falls out . I would n't suggest this item . If they made the screw brackets into screw holes instead this would work better .
 Easy to assemble with good hardware but overall it was to small . I was only able to fit 3 storage boxes in the rack . The back of my kitchen cabinet door easily would have fit a larger rack . Unfortunately I have not been able to locate one in the size I need .
 At my old house , I had a wrap organizer that stuck to the wall with tape ? putty ? well , it did n't screw it and it just stuck to the wall . I really liked it but I had to leave it . At my new house , I figured I would get a wrap organizer that screws in so I could take it when I move again . Well , it just keeps falling . I even bought double-sided tape and that does n't work either . There 's so many positive reviews for this screw-in wrap organizer I wonder if I 'm doing something wrong . Regardless , I 'm going to get another organizer that sticks to the wall . I love having the different wraps out of the cupboard and off the counter .
 Poor construction and design . Burners including the piping and valves all are suppored by two very small screws under the center of the burners . The leverage of the control valves against these screws is huge . The gauge of the bar this all is attached to is much less than it should be so as a result everything in the burner assembly is wobbly . The screws that release the air control disk so that you can adjust the flame mixture can not be accessed without dismantling part of the supply pipe since the fitting is tight against the lower screw . To really make it funtional I will have to re-pipe the supply and add some support to hold the weight of the control valves and burners .
 I had the single-burner version , and I bought this to cook bigger stuff . It was a mistake . For one thing , the burner farthest from the propane connection does n't work well . For another , the steel is flimsier than the steel on the single-burner stove . For the same price , you can get two singles and put them next to each other . You 'll need another propane tank , but you should always have at least two propane tanks anyway .
 I bought this in 2007 for my vacation house in Maine . It was used for the 3 weeks I go there every summer . In 2008 the second burner did not work well and I could not adjust it . New tank , etc , etc. . Still did not work . 2009 a pinhole in the brass pipe between the burners caught fire . A little too much excitement and a waste of time.Skip this product .
 I left this review for DB375 , which adds two side shelves . -- April 16 , 2009I purchased this unit for homebrewing . For the first 30 minutes , this thing rocked . I turned it off to add some ingredients , and now it putters out a flame . If I turn on both burners , it pretty much stops working because the flames go out . I have been working for 55 minutes to bring 5 gallons of liquid to a boil . I am at 190F . I will up the stars if Bayou Classic is able to correct the problem , but for now I am less than impressed . -- UPDATE
 The main problem with this very affordable can crusher is that the handle was built so tightly that it grinds against the can-holding frame when attempting to crush the can . This , in conjuction with the wobbly part conected to the handle that actually makes contact with the can , makes using this product more difficult than just crushing a can between your two hands . Stick with the original `` The Crusher '' . I 'm sending mine back , right now .
 I just bought one of these can crushers locally . It looks well built . Mounted it , put in my first can and pulled the handle , can crushed , handle fell off . Tried another same results . Needless to say it is going back for a refund . A little more thought on the Mfg 's part would have made it a decent crusher .
 We received this cooker and were so excited ! The cooker itself as well as the burner plate are adequate . However the thermometer is not accurate . On the front page of the manual , is a number to call if the thermometer is not accurate . I called and a man told me to turn the nut on the back of the thermometer to adjust it down to `` 0 '' . Well that didnt work and now I 've called back 6 times and nobody 's answered . I 've left voicemails , no call backs . So I have a cooker with no thermometer . The front page of the book says DONT USE THIS COOKER IF THE THERMOMETER ISNT ACCURATE ! So I sit here for over three weeks of calls in and with a cooker I cant use and nobody will call me back . I sent an email and it came back undeliverable . What a Rip .
 I wanted very much to have this turkey fryer kit in time for our cookout . When it was delivered the body of the fryer was totally damaged and it was so bad that the lid was bent in and you could n't see inside .
 Calling Bayou Classic tomorrow , no option to email on their web page must call during open hours . Depending on how they handle this will determine if I change this review .
 Item was purchased at a good price but once you add up the cost of the oil and fresh turkey I was looking at a price way out of line . It took about an hour to put it together another hour plus to get it to light . The directions said it would take about 15 - 20 mins to heat the oil - wrong ! about 45 . Once again I followed the cooking directions exactly and the turkey was not completetly cooked . And the clean up - was a pain - what to do with all that oil !! Never again .
 Received the turkey fryer and it was missing the chicken skewers and spice packet listed in the Amazon description . Amazon quickly shipped a replacement which was missing the same items . I expect to receive the product as described and this does n't so I returned both fryers . Tried to rate this at zero stars but that was n't an option .
 Yes the pot held the oil and turkey and the fire lit under the pot . It did n't fall down under it 's own weight and fried my turkey . That said here are some problems . I had to make 3 trips to the hardware store so if you purchase this item and read this first , you should knock that down to ONE trip . But you will make the trip none-the-less . First off the three scews that hold the legs on are listed at 2 '' but are more like 11/4 '' and thus had to be replaced -LRB- or you WO N'T get the nut on the screw -RRB- . Second , and this is crucial , the main bolt that goes through the burner assembly , burner holding bar , and heat shield is made of `` Made in China '' crap metal . It will already be installed and is sticking out of the burner assembly . In the instructions you have to remove it 's nut and washers . But when reapplying the nut and washers through the bar and heat shield , it WILL strip unless you get lucky and tighten it just right the first time . This bolt needs to be made of good steel ... and it 's not ! If it 's tight just let it be because you will strip it if you mess with it . It is impossible to find if you need to replace it because both hardware stores I went to did n't have it and did n't know where else to find it . It is a 6mm 23/4 '' bolt . My solution to fix the stripped bolt was to add 3 washers before screwing on the nut and thus catching on some fresh unstripped thread . Luckily there was enough bolt showing . Had that not worked this thing would have been junk just 1 day before Thanksgiving and I 'd have been rushing off to buy a differant one.Just look over your parts before assembling this thing and make sure those bolts are as long as they 're supposed to be and if not make that one trip to the store for bolts and washers too . I guess whatever model/brand you get will be made in China too -LRB- is n't everthing ? -RRB- so I do n't want to recommend another , besides I 've only owned this one . Make sure you follow ALL precautions about using this thing to the letter . I would also add that even a little wind will slow down or stop your cooking time as the burner blasts out the gas so fast -LRB- which is normal for that hot a flame needed -RRB- that the fire is only on the tips of the gas so find a relatively wind free place , errect/effect/find a windblocker/lean-to but DEFINATELY outside and away from structures or anything that can fall and knock over your pot . Gobble Gobble!By the way the turkey was soooo good that everyone raved about it and wanted to take -LRB- did take -RRB- it all home . Look around for tips on preparing , injecting and rubbing the bird . I kept the temp at 350 -LRB- initially at 375 but after you SLOWLY ... slowly dip in the bird the temp will go down -RRB- and then maintain 350 from there out . Get a bird at 15lbs or under -LRB- or the pot will fill too high -RRB- and cook for 31/2 min . per pound . Look for more tips online . That bird was tastey !
 Looks pretty good in the picture , eh ? Well guess what . It 's junk . Save yourself some aggravation and find something that wo n't melt on you the first time you fire it up . That 's right . The aluminum pot is about as thick as a piece of tin foil and the thing actually melted on me !! Lucky I did n't get killed.Under no circumstance should a pan with any chance of melting be sold at any time , especially when it 's an item like this !! What the hell is wrong with these guys ? So now as I descend into customer service Hell , I want forwarn anyone who is thinking of buying this flamethrower to think twice before you spend your hard earned cash on this Chinese piece of crap.Amazon 's return policy and customer service makes it next to imppossible to return an item such as this , so I 'm afraid I will likely be stuck with it .
 Instructions state that pre-heat will take 15-25 minutes . After 90 minutes the oil only reached 300F . I could not delay Thanksgiving dinner any longer ... put the turkey in ... temperature dropped to 250F and never got much hotter . The burner was on full blast the whole time . We needed to cook about 20 minutes longer . It did taste fine once it was done . I am thinking I have a faulty regulator .
 Got the product , did not have problems with the bolts as others seem to have had . But I went to BOIL WATER in it and I used the thermometer to know when we 'd reached the boiling point without having to continually lift the lid . Thermometer went to 150 and never moved , even after the water was over boiling . It is unconscionable that they should ship a product like a turkey fryer with a defective thermometer . I am EXTREMELY lucky that my first use of the fryer was to boil water and not to fry with oil . Someone could have gotten VERY hurt . Would recommend buying a new thermometer or at least definitely test your thermometer before using it for frying .
 I bought my fryer two years ago . I 'm an avid outdoor cook but could not get this thing to create the impressive fried turkey that everyone talks about . I think it 's because my wife 's oven baked turkeys are already done to perfection -LRB- juicy , dark brown on the outside , etc. -RRB- and are hard to beat . My expectations were higher based on how people rave about fried turkeys.As for the product , I had a VERY hard time getting this thing up to temperature . In two years I cooked six turkeys in this pot and had the same problem every time . I tried adjusting the regulator , etc. without luck . The flame seems to be fine but it simply does not get hot enough . As soon as the room temp turkey goes in , the heat drops down and will never return back to appropriate cooking temperature . This could be due to the fact that my cooking always took place in the cold months of November and December in VT. . If it wo n't work under those temperatures they should advertise it as such.The product quality is good . Very sturdy and durable . It 's just too bad that it does n't get hotter to really fry that turkey right !
 Horrible grinder . We were replacing a different La Pavoni model that was several years old , and could n't find the same one so I got this one . It 's horrible . It quit grinding beans after about the 3rd day , and now it wo n't work unless it gets a throrough cleaning before each use . And I mean empty all the beans out , take the whole thing apart and brush out the grinder and clean out the output area . Even after that , it can never get to the end of one cycle to grind enough coffee for 8 cups . Oh , it 's hideously loud as well and sprays grounds all over the counter . I gave it one star because zero stars was not an option .
 I 've had this grinder for about 6 months . It does grind , though it 's noisy . I find that their idea of the amount of coffee needed for , say , 4 cups is very different from mine . But these are minor problems . My biggest complaint is that it clogs nearly every time I use it . There are the minor clogs - when the oiliness of the coffee beans makes the grounds stick together and clog up the hole -- which is apparently too small -- between the grinding mechanism and the ground coffee hopper . You have to use a skewer to clear this , literally about every 2 minutes or less of grinding time . Then there are the major clogs , when a bean gets caught in the grinding mechanism , and the thing refuses to work . For this , you need to dump out any beans , remove the top container , and then take a chopstick and turn the burr part around to dislodge the bean . This happens about every other grinding session . Finally , the thing is terrifically messy , with grounds actually flying through the air as soon as you open it - I end up with coffee grounds all over me , the counter , and any nearby objects . Major cleanup necessary.I think I 'm going to go back to buying ground coffee from Starbucks .
 First . the beans have to fall around a ` guide ' in the hopper that can cause the beans to stop falling into the grinder altogether . Second , the catch-bin does n't fit the main housing very well . Third , the electronics are poor . I encountered a failed power connection and it shipped back for repair . Received repaired after two weeks only to have a similar electronic failure a couple weeks later . Skip this product and buy a Barazta . The Baratza is far superior - 5 starts for the Baratza Maestro Plus .
 We purchased this coffee grinder & found it did require quite a bit of cleaning between daily uses depending on the type of beans we were grinding . After 6 months it stopped working ... we sent it in under warranty - got it back & 6 months later it stopped working again . Once again we sent it in under the revised extended warranty . Again this 3rd time it again does n't work -LRB- they said they replaced a fuse -RRB- . When I called to inquire why it kept breaking down ... they said it was that the fuse would keep blowing out because it could n't handle grinding certain types of beans -LRB- ie darker beans -RRB- ? Well - we do n't always grind just the lighter beans & actually try different types -LRB- that may be darker/oilier etc -RRB- but I would think the frequent cleaning that we were doing would take care of this ? I 'm not wasting the shipping to return it again -LRB- ie 4 time in less than a year & a 1/2 ! -RRB- This was a mistake in purchase on a poorly designed & poorly supported product ... definitely not worth the money . Meanwhile we 've just fallen back on our small , 12 yr old , simple Krups grinder that works !
 As another poster mentioned , the paint does n't last past the first use of this product . What he did n't go into , however , is that this paint is apparently flammable . On my second use of the burner I had the gas flowing at about 90 % , left to go inside to grab something to drink , came back outside and the entire unit was in flames . If you are going to buy this burner , make sure you keep a very very VERY close eye on it until the paint burns -LRB- not melts , burns -RRB- off . I 'd even advise trying to scrape the paint off as a precautionary measure.Other than that , the pot and accessories served their purposes well . Just wish that if the paint was going to burn off from the get-go that they 'd just sent one without any paint on it at all .
 This item arrived with multiple quarter sized dents in several areas of the pot . The lip of the pot also had a slight depression on one side that affected the way the lid fit atop it.The burner quality seems good -LRB- burner and accessories it included -RRB- . We 're going to keep this item and try to punch out the dents , rather than deal with the hassle of returning it for a replacement - which may or may not have the same issues .
 Have n't used it yet ... but the item was not packaged with the correct nuts/bolts . When I called the company encountered a very rude customer service rep. Hope the turkey leaves a better taste in my mouth than the company itself . Not the way to do business .
 We used this thing TWICE and just went to use it again today and it had a hole in the bottom of the pot ! JUNK JUNK JUNK !
 After receiving the turkey deep fryer I was quite disappointed . The propane burner assembled easily and works great.However , it came packed with all the accessories inside of the kettle and had been banged around inside the kettle and made quite a few dents . After filling the kettle with water to test for leaks -LRB- because of the dents -RRB- I discovered no leaks from the dents but it has a slow dripping leak from the rivets which hold the handles to the kettle . So my 30 quart kettle can only be filled to about 24-26 quarts or it will leak down onto the flame . I 'm glad that I did not test it with oil or I could have had a nasty oil fire . I do n't want to send the whole unit back -LRB- costly shipping -RRB- so now I 'm stuck with a propane burner and no kettle . I gave it two stars because at least the propane burner works well . I do n't know if it was a shipping problem or a packaging problem but the package arrived in good condition . I suspect poor manufacturer 's packaging . All in all I am dissatisfied with the product .
 Set it all up and on Thanksgiving day found that the connection to the propane tank leaks profusely regardless of how much you tighten it . Quality control of products in non existent .
 Pot was defective and after months of calls and emails still no replacement . Just bought a new pot else where .
 Could never get the flame to regulate low enough to use without it blowing out . Had to personally modify it in order to make it even usable . Save yourself a lot of grief . Purchase a different product .
 We have been using a Bayou Classic 26-qt turkey fryer for about 6 years now and it has been worth its weight in gold ! Easy to clean , quite heavy and very durable -LRB- no dents after 6 years of use -RRB- . Though the outside has burned-on oil that ca n't be removed , the inside is shinier today than when new ! I thought it would be a great idea to get a new , slightly larger , pot -LRB- Bayou Classic 3066A 30-Quart Outdoor Turkey Fryer Kit -RRB- in which we would also be able to steam crab and lobster using a basket that is not available for the 26-qt pot we own . When the new pot arrived , it was very badly dented all over the bottom edges -- INSIDE the manufacturer 's packaging ! We never removed it from the carton ; just simply returned it to the seller through Amazon . The burner is also inferior , with our old very stable one welded together and this new one , held by screws . Disaster waiting to happen with so much boiling oil . What a shame that Bayou Classic has chosen to give up quality and produce such an inferior product . Will look for another , better , manufacturer of a similar product . I recommend you do the same .
 Very disappointed in this purchase.The entire rack , including jars , is made of plastic . Yes , `` chrome '' means silver-painted plastic . Looks and feels very flimsy . Pouring does n't work very well , it is easy to overdo it when you only need a pinch of finely ground herb.I ended up returning it and got Olde Thompson 20-Jar Wine Rack Spice Rack instead .
 I like the look of this , and that you can have it countertop or mount it under your cabinets . Mine , though gets very , VERY messy . Every time you measure out the bottom of a shaker , some dust -LRB- spice -RRB- gets stuck to it and when you put it back into the stand , it gets all over.Also , there 's no option for shaking out a small amount of your spice . There 's a rather large pour-hole at the top , or you can measure 1/4 tsp . amounts from the bottom . If you want to lightly dust something -LRB- like paprika on the top of something -RRB- or just add a dash , you have to pour out a 1/4 tsp , and throw away what you do n't use.I 'm not a huge fan .
 The concept behind this is product is extremely innovative and one that could save me plenty of time and aggravation . However , the poor manufacturing quality results in a product that functions as expected less than half of the time . This is not a helpful solution when you are trying to save the time and effort of measuring spices .
 This pot is more kettle like and not as shallow . My first one showed up cracked . The steel is VERY porous and brittle compared to other cast iron I 've had .
 not at all comfortable and the so called leather is so thin that it cracks and peels within a few years . Bought two of these chairs and an otterman and all three piecess cracked and peeled
 The chair looks great and will continue to look good for a couple of years and then total trash . This would be great to stage a house to sell it , but to use it ... not so much .
 I 've had this product for 5 years and bought it because it advertised 100 % leather . The ottoman began cracking and flaking showing black material , now the seat of the chair is also . Very disappointed , a total waste of money .
 I purchased the Oxford 6 shelf bookcase in 36 '' and 48 '' . The design and quality of the oxford bookcase was sub standard at best . The items actually broke themselves during assembly . I would n't trust them with any weight at all . A truly low quality , terrible design.Home Decorators was very pleasant and agreed to remove the items from my home and arranged for a refund .
 First off . seller , shipped very quickly and was packaged good . no beef there . BUT these shelves are grade A chinese garbage . VERY unstable even after securing to the wall . Quality of this is worse than what you would buy at walmart . But i guess you get what you pay for , but this was n't even worth $ 50 . Door glass rattles when opening and closing . magnets are to strong and you have to pull hard to open the doors . SO i returned it because i did n't have a fireplace to burn it in .
 When I first saw the photo and add for the Juiceman I was thinking I found the first and last blender I would ever buy . 900 watts of power and 20 programmable settings sure sounded impressive and I figured for the cost of the blender it had to be a good one ! That was my biggest mistake ! After I had purchased this blender and was waiting for it to arrive I noticed some other Juiceman blenders on here and sice this one did n't have any reviews with it I began to read some of the reviews for the other Juiceman blenders . I was horrified when I read about all the people who had purchased this other type of Juiceman blender , which also boasted a 900 watt motor , and had written how quickly they broke down on them . After reading them reviews and since my blender had already shipped , my only hope was that they had made some improvements on my more expensive blender . Unfortunately they obviously had n't . I tried it a little bit for crushing ice the day it first arrived and it seemed to work fine so I put it away for 2 days waiting to use it at a party . When I got it back out at the party it did n't even last long enough to blend one drink before it broke down on me ! Talk about a major disappointment and a total waist of about $ 200 by the time you pay tax and shipping ! All I have to say is that if you are planning on spending more money in the hopes of getting a better blender DO NOT purchase a JUICEMAN ! I think you 'd be a lot better off spending the extra $ 100 and just buying a Vita-Mix , my friend has one and that 's what they use at the local bar and neither have had any troubles with the Vita-Mix brand in years ! I sure wish I had been smart enough to spend that extra money the first time for the brand I knew I could trust based on my friends experience with his .
 I had the Juiceman Complete Health Center in storage for a few years , so I just used it this month in July 2007 . It conked out the third time I used it when I was about to make almond milk . The consumer relations dept. said that it 's discontinued and out of warranty so that 's that . How convenient for them . THIS SHOULD BE RECALLED-PERIOD . I do n't know about you , but I do n't like the idea of running a device that is a potential safety hazard !
 Well to continue with my previous review I must say after my blender blew the motor on the first use I sent it back in to get repaired in the hopes of getting a new one that I could return to get my money back since they do n't give you a refund at Salton unless you purchase it directly from them . Unfortunately they kept it at the repair shop for 3 weeks so of course then the 30 day return period with Amazon was over . So now I 'm stuck with another one so I figure I might as well use it , but being the `` WELL MADE '' product it is , once again it burnt up the first time I pulled it out of the box just trying to blend up an ice-cream shake . Looks like I 'll most likely be sending these blenders back about 9 more times till my 1 year warranty is up . By then maybe I 'll have gotten Salton back with $ 200 worth of shipping costs . You should be able to put a negative five star rating on here !
 I recently purchased this item from a store . The main reason I purchased this item is because I was in search of a juicer but I figured this was the better overall value since it can juice and do everything else . I was surprisingly disappointed . When I tried blending carrots to make carrot juice I could smell smoke from coming from the blades when I opened the top to check on the progress . To get it to stop I had to turn it off because I was having problems with my stop button . Most likely I will return the item since I am within my 1 year warranty period for a full refund . Also , this item is overpriced . I purchased it new in store for $ 50 .
 The tote you receive is extremely flimsy , cheap cotton . It could n't stand on its own if it was filled with cabbages . I was hoping at this price for something I could use for groceries for years . I 'm cutting off the handles and using it to wash my car .
 I love the way the Flame Top cookware looks and great to go from the stove top to the table . However , the products are terrible to cook in . Everything burns , even with a small light . The only thing that does n't burn and stick is soup . They are a very inferior cooking utensil as compared to metal pots and pans . I really wish that they were more functional because they are so attractive .
 The clock is unreliable . It will run perfectly for a few days , then lose a few minutes . Today , it lost 45 minutes in five hours.The reception from the outdoor transmitter is awful . If you 're over six feet away , expect to `` sync '' a few times a week when it loses the signal.I 've only had this junk for a few weeks , and yes , I changed the brand new batteries just in case .
 The clock on this unit wanders all over the place . Sometimes keeps good time for three days and then will be 30 minutes slow the next day.Range on temperature transmitter is reasonable . I got 12 feet .
 it was bone ... just , a mid-section . a large diameter antler with a flush cut on either end . i guess its my fault ... i should have assumed .
 Do not even bother buying this . The zip on the bottom broke off as soon as I touched it . Can not even use it .
 After about 3 weeks it lost all the suction . I removed my wool coats from it , thinking they were too heavy and added a down coat and a sport coat - it lost the suction as well . I now just use it to keep those coats separated from the rest of my wardrobe .
 This comforter was very flat and all the down slid into the corners of the baffels . It was disapointing enough to return it and I found several better comforters a a local store for slightly less money . Highly recommend against !
 I just received this Down Comforter , paid $ 210.99 for it here on Amazon . It 's safe to say the advertised Fill Count is incorrect ; the comforter has insufficient Down inside and is very flat actually . I purchased what appeared to be a good deal but I 'm pretty sure I received less than I paid for this time as I could have got a better value buying locally .
 I like the way the grill cooks the food and I like how the food tastes , but ... . if you cook fish -LRB- or any food for that matter -RRB- the smell stays in it until you cook something else . It 's a hassle to clean . It should have removable grills . These are the reasons it only got two stars from me . Also ... . if I was going to buy this again , I would buy the bigger one . It 's very good for one person though . Buy it with the idea that you are going to need at least 10 to 15 minutes to clean it the correct way !
 Do n't get me wrong , I love my George Foreman grill . We got it for a Christmas present last year and we did n't take it out of the package until April/07 . We grilled at least 2 or 3 times a week and enjoyed the convenience of it . Within the past month it has been going on the blink . It wo n't turn on or heat at times , but if we plug it in the next day it usually works . Today halfway through the grilling it just died . I 'm very disappointed . I can see by the other reviews that maybe I got a lemon.We most likely will buy the bigger grill next time and I hope our luck changes on the life of the unit .
 I do n't use it anymore . It takes all the juice out of the meat you 're cooking so everything you cook ends up dry or burned . I hate cleaning it ... if you 're gon na get one of these get ones where the trays come off & you can put them in the dishwasher . . trust me ... it 's VERY hard to clean if you leave it dirty for more than an hour . I would have given it 1 star but it does cook shrimp pretty well . It 's a shrimp-cooker but makes really dry chicken & hamburgers . . yuck .
 This grill -LRB- I actually own the larger size of the same -RRB- , is a poor cooker . Heat off the bottom half is too cool to char -LRB- think black lines , not tan lines -RRB- , and heat off the top and bottom halves helps cook your food through.Imagine cooking a slice of bell pepper , or for that matter , a hamburger patty , on the grill . When you 're done , you have light or no searing on the bottom , but your bell pepper 's soft , and the hamburger patty is cooked through . You might have light searing on the top , if whatever you 're cooking was thick enough to touch the top . But whether or not your food is thick enough , radiant heat from the top will cook it.Overall , this grill is a poor choice . If you want to drain fat from your food , consider pouring the fat out of the frypan when you 're done on the stove . Do n't waste your money on this grill or any other . On the other hand , if you want to cook a pancake , you could probably use this grill to good effect .
 I received this in the mail , opened up the zipper bag it was in , touched the blanket and immediately returned it to amazon . This blanket is not luxurious like it states and is more scratchy than soft . Do not waste your money on this awful blanket .
 i have used products like this beforenot easy to use must clean the vinyl wellbefore you try using or repair will not hold
 This is absolutely junk , is like a disposable razor witha motor , based on the way it shaves and the overall feel . I 've had Remington for years -- the 845 model -LRB- also rechargeable , in about same price range -RRB- -- and bought this because the sale price was slightly higher than buying new Remington replacement blades . This model hardly shaves close , even with the 3 blades , even if kept plugged in , in hopes that it might have more juice that way . If I saw this on an Amazon Friday Sale for $ 5-10 , I would n't even waste my money . Norelco should be ASHAMED at such poor quality . P.S. . This is no reflection on the seller , J&R , as shipping was prompt , well-packaged and otherwise flawless -LRB- I 've dealt with them before for other electronics outside of eBay . A # 1 seller ! -RRB-
 I would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and immediate delivery.Unfortunatly i had to return this item . I havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up . After ironing I could still see a lot of creases . They dont mention about the base being a wood plank either.I have used a Simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money . I would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one . But this is just my opinion .
 lots of beeping but only occasional heat . Warrenty does not include labor , diagnosis , or shipping either way for repairs
 Followed instructions and press just keeps beeping and will not heat up . Maybe I got a defective one , will try again .
 did not heat up , did not steam.very poor merchandise . not good at all . i would advise every one to stay clear of this site .
 Whoever described this as `` sturdy '' needs to have a lesson in adjectives . You can not place any real pressure for ironing on this board , it literally bounces and gives with the pressure you place on it . NOT adequate for sewing or serious ironing jobs . Total waste of money .
 I was very disappointment when this arrived . The legs had poked through the box and the rubber cap was missing off of one bent leg . The cover is just fabric ; no padding whatsoever . To top it off - at the top edge there was a great deal of RUST ! Made me wonder how long it had been setting around before selling . If it had been carefully shipped , new stock , and had some padding on the ironing board it would be a decent product . Worst experience I 've ever had with amazon .
 It says it does not hurt your door , but it did rub the wood/paint on my door . It is also very unsteady , and the metal net under the ironing cover has big slots and the cover is too thin . . I just love the over-the-door concept and I did not have the time or the determination to return it , so I still have it
 We purchased this microwave/oven a little over a month ago . It was working fine at first and then the turn table quit rotating occasionally . Also , when you microwave and it splatters and you do n't clean it right away it gets baked into the toaster burner and the top of the oven so bad that it is difficult to clean . Also , I tried to bake a pizza in the oven and the cheese started to burn way before the pizza was done cooking . You can only bake a max of 45 minutes and not above 400 degrees . It is easy to use but it is a little bit of a pain to keep taking the two trays in and out to use the different features . The turntable issue has continued to worsen and so we called Samsung and the represenative said we had two options , either to return or repair it and then he hung up on my husband . The store where we purchased the oven will not accept it back because it has been more than 45 days . So , I guess we now have a very pricey toaster oven . I really did not expect the people at Samsung to be so rude .
 I bought this item 30 days ago , and it is already malfunctioning . The microwave turntable has stopped working , the microwave no longer gives off heat , and the toaster does not shut off automatically . I called Samsung , who advised me to return it to the place of purchase . I will not exchange it for the same unit -- it 's back to a separate toaster oven and microwave oven for me , even though they will take up extra room in my tiny kitchen . PS , in my case , the Samsung rep was pleasant and helpful .
 This past weekend when we left to go to my sisters house for a few hours and came back only to find the microwave running . It was HOT , HOT , HOT !!!!!!! Not sure how long it had been running for but it had to have been a couple hours . This combo microwave is a fire hazard ! Luckily we were only gone a few hours . It had to have turned on by itself . Will never purchase another Samsung microwave anymore . Samsung needs to stick to cell phones !
 I 've been baking a lot more lately and thought it 's time to really invest in some tools of the trade . I was sorely disappointed with the performance of this sifter . The holes are too wide . It does n't sift well at all .
 This board was highly recommended by Cooks Illustrated , which was why I bought it . It is nice looking , but split . I oiled it several times before using , and occasionally thereafter . I do n't even own a dishwasher , and never soaked it . Even with all this , it split rather soon after getting it . The board also arrived with a rough , not fully finished-feeling surface . I now only use it for cutting bread . Eventually it will split in two length-wise .
 I also purchased this on the recommendation of Cook 's Illustrated . I read other reviews in which half were positive and the other half complained of warping and splitting . I went with the purchase , anyway , and it promptly warped , then began to split , and this weekend it came apart into three pieces . I ca n't even have a carpenter glue them back together because the warp makes it impossible for the pieces to fit against one another .
 love the board for cutting , but am very disappointed in its durability ; I realize it 's not an expensive board , however I did expect it to last longer that two months without splitting ; I have handwashed it and oiled it according to the directions and it still split in two places ; I guess you only get what you pay for ;
 I ordered this cutting board based on America 's Test Kitchen reviews . It looked great and worked well for a couple weeks . After a couple weeks of use it became warped.I took great care in using this cutting board . I used one side primarily and always washed , wiped and dried it after each use . I called Amazon Customer service today and they were kind enough to offer a refund . I am returning it and buying something else .
 First board warped and began splitting within 3 days - after oiling it every day . Replacement did not fare much better . Garbage . Not worth the hassle .
 Well , now I feel like a real donkey . I 'd read all these reviews , but went ahead and bought the 12x9 JK Adams board anyway . I 'd gotten the larger sized one -LRB- with rubber feet on each corner -RRB- and LOVED it ! Like all the others mentioned here , I hand washed my board carefully and oiled it frequently . I 've had the 12x9 board for just over 6 weeks and see it has a half-inch split on each side of the board - right on the seam that joins two pieces of wood . So it 's just going to be a matter of time before it comes apart . My larger board is doing just fine , tho - with the identical treatment . I do not want to use the 12x9 board with those two deep splits in it , because over time , those cracks could trap bacteria , and the board may become unsafe to use . Pity . Plus , as others have mentioned , neither JK Adams cutting board has a smooth , `` finished '' feel to it . No amount of oiling is going to improve a poor sanding/finishing job . I just checked at Amazon.com today , and they no longer even sell the JK Adams cutting boards that I bought -LRB- rectangular with the four rubber feet on both sides of the board -RRB- . Sigh .
 This cutting board is REALLY small and not durable - I bought it about 2 months ago and it has already broken in half .
 We bought this shelving unit and the tv stand . The unit and wood is pretty . My complaint is that the company uses plastic clips for the shelves which break easily . Also the cabinet has metal handles that come off every time you try and open the doors . The wood is such a great quality that it 's a major disappointment that little things like clips and handles can mess up an entire unit . We have to use pliers just to open the doors ! :-LRB- I called home decorators and they gave me the run around and offered no solutions as of yet . I would n't buy this unit again .
 We never got this flag but they sent a tire cover and that we gave to a nephew
 I just want potential buyers to know that the email and phone contacts listed within the warranty and on their website are invalid and I can find no other way to contact customer service to replace the mouse that broke within a month of purchase . It is supposed to be covered under warranty , but I guess not . What a scam ! So buy this product and other products from this company with caution !
 This is NOT a cuckoo clock , as it is titled . It is just a clock . The little `` bird '' door you are seeing in the photo is n't even a door ... it is a tiny block of wood glued on the front . There is no door , no bird , no sound . And it is super tiny - from top to bottom tip it is 8 inches ... it sits in the palm of your hand .
 I purchased this and loved it for a year . The motor stopped working just over a year after I purchased it . Which was just after the warranty was up . I only used it for the holidays , so this was a huge disappointment . I purchased this one instead of the Kitchenaid , because several people complained of this problem with the Kitchenaid . This was a huge waste of money for me . Maybe a just got a dud !
 I have owned this mixer for five or six years now . I thought what a bargain , all those available attachments and quite a bit cheaper than a Kitchen Aid , powerful , small footprint , great reviews . Unfortunately , I HATE this mixer . It does n't mix things thoroughly due to the shape of the bowl being a weird convex bottom . The only thing it seems to do well with is bread dough , but anything else is impossible to get a smooth batter -LRB- always lumps -RRB- and often a glob on the bottom that does n't mix in , regardless how much I try to scrape the bowl with a spatula as I mix . The big rotating head is difficult to work around for adding ingredients and bowl scraping , and it 's messy and difficult to raise and lower . The angle of the attachments is a tight fit to move up and down into and out of the bowl when the bowl is in place in it 's holding slot . I really have to force it in against the bowl . The blender attachment does work well , but is made of plastic , not glass as I would expect from a supposedly higher end unit . As for the shredder/food processor type attachments , the mouth is too small to be of any practical use . I wound up investing in a Cuisinart for those tasks.Some other available options I ordered with this included the grinder attachment , which also has a very small feed . It tends to plug up easily and it turns your meat into mush rather than a nice grind , thus I also wound up buying a separate grinder for homemade sausage . The available ice cream maker is very small and does n't work to satisfaction either.All in all , I bought what I thought was going to be an all-in-one type kitchen appliance - stand mixer , grinder , food processor and a fun ice cream maker . What I got was an aggravating , inconvenient to store and mostly unsatisfactory waste of cupboard and counter space . This mixer really does not live up to its name . I have owned other Bosch small appliances and loved them , but this one is a huge disappointment and turned out to be a huge waste of my money . I 'm on the hunt for a decent stand mixer to go along with my full size food processor , grinder and ice cream maker , all of which I ended up buying after being so disappointed with the Bosch attachments .
 The pillowcase was the wrong size and only covered about 1/3 of the pillow . There was also no return order form in the package , nor was there a number to call or person to email to exchange or return . Now I 'm stuck paying $ 38 for a useless piece of fabric.UPDATE
 Washed these in cold water once and the stitching came undone in a lot of places , and they started to fade , cheap for a reason ...
 Do not waste your money - I 've had one for over 6 months . Every week or so , my hubby has to tighten bolts spray silicone everywhere . It 's VERY noisy , squeaking , grinding , wobbling . A real piece of crap .
 This review pertains to model number 55-2000 , but should be reflected upon during consideration of any of Stamina 's products.After 3 years of normal use , the crank on the left pedal sheared off from where it connected to the pedal rail . This occurred while I was using it , but thankfully I was not injured during the incident.Just to be clear , the crank itself snapped into two pieces . It did not come loose due to faulty assembly.I weigh approximately 225 lbs , which is under the recommended limit of 250 lbs.I was told by Customer Service that parts were only covered for 90 days and I would have to pay to replace the crank . They could 've made more of an effort to keep an existing customer happy since this COULD have resulted in an injury , but Stamina did not seem to see it that way.I was not filled with confidence concerning the quality of the machine based on my experience after only 3 years of use , so I declined their offer and purchased a recumbent bike from Schwinn.However , I will give it two stars because it did perform well for 3 years . Hopefully , the newer models are built a little better .
 It does not work at all . When I turned it on for the first time , the red light was on but the green light never did . According to the instruction , the green light should be on to indicate that it 's ready to use , so I waited and waited until the press got extremely hot ; the green light never came on . The whole body of the machine , includes the plastic handle , got extremely hot , and I even burned my fingers when touched the handle .
 I was very dissapointed in the product . I had to throw it away because it was old . Never again will I order candy on line .
 This was not what I expected . It was advertised as `` heavy duty '' but it was very flimsy and looked cheap . I was not happy with this product . I would have returned it , but for $ 35.00 shipping , it was n't worth it !
 I wish i could tell you whether this works or not , but unfortunately the item description and scunci.com neglect to tell you you can only use it with scunci 1000 or 25000 . I have a scunci 900 . you ca n't put it together , the carry strap does n't even fit . and the wonderful ASSEENONTV guys DO NOT TAKE RETURNS . I repeat they DO NOT TAKE RETURNS . so , do n't bother with this if you have a scunci900 -LRB- the one that walmart sells -RRB- .
 I had been using the Scunci Steamer using the hand held wand to steam clean my kitchen vinyl floor . It was a lot of work and I thought that the extension wand would make the job easier . However , the amount of steam that comes out as it is spread over four different openings is not strong enough to do the job I needed . We will use the extension wand for other purposes , however . We love the Scunci Steamer .
 I have not use it as yet but started today to try it . First thing I notice was the pad was missing and then I notice that the brush for the carpet was so stiff that I do not think I will be able to push it.Sorry , I really needed it to work . Afraid to try now.Thank you for your attention .
 I bought two of these and they both went out in the trash with the corn cobs . Grabbed a knife and did much better without them .
 I love to make corn chowder and thought this would be a timesaver on the 12 ears of corn it takes for each batch . BIG MISTAKE ! This thing is cheap , messy and inefficient . And the restocking fee + return postage makes it a waste of time to return . Do n't bother with this product .
 This works only to cut cream style corn off the cob . If you want whole kernels , this is not the tool for you .
 We grow corn and we buy corn and every year I spend hours and hours cutting corn off of the cob . I have tried several products and when I heard about this one , I thought it sounded perfect . I had visions of my husband and I and my children sitting around shucking corn and cutting it with the greatest of ease . I was excited to try it.It came complete , with directions and all the parts and pieces intact . We read the directions and then tried it.No luck . I realize it 's supposed to cut it for cream style corn . But I just simply could n't get it to cut much of anything at all . It either dug into the corn cob or it did n't slice it . I thought it was me . After all , this tool has great reviews.My husband read the directions and tried it and agreed . It is more effort than some of the other corn cutting tools we use and does not live up to it 's online reputation.Maybe if you figure out what I did wrong or if you know a trick to this little tool you can share it with me because it sure did n't make anything easier for me.Skip this one .
 i was very excited to order this product , it had good reviews so i was expecting to be satisfied . it arrived in very good time , sooner than expected and in good condition . however the first time i used it i found that the cutting blade was so dull it took allot of pressure to get it to cut and then it ripped the corn from the cob . it was so hard to use that it was dangerous . so i sharpened the blade with a wet stone and steel . that worked great for about 11/2 cobs , then just got very dull again . removing the scraper and creamer blade was very difficult , there is just no room to fit a screw driver in the proper place so had to hold it at an angle making it nearly impossible to fit the screw driver into the screw . I also tried it for creaming corn . this worked better but was still awkward because there is not any place to hold the cutter tool to keep it from sliding all over the place while using it . overall i found this product clumsy , unsafe and frustrating . i went back to using my electric knife !
 The Product was not the color ordered , the picture is white . The product was cream colored , and it came in two piece left and right and both pieces were different colors of cream . Apparently from two different dye lots .
 This is not a good product . It did n't fit well and was not the color that was stated . The description says white but it was almond . I was n't even able to use it .
 Its worthless to me ... Doesnt fit my tub . and not worth the hassle to return it .
 Yes , great price . But I 've ordered these filters elsewhere and they came wrapped in plastic -- which made me feel good about their cleanliness . These did not come wrapped in plastic -- or anything . Since I 'm using them in an air purifier , I do n't want to take the chance that they 're dirty and germ ridden to begin with . And it 's not worth the hassle of trying to return them for a refund . So I 'm out about $ 10 for nothing .
 Be careful with this item . It is described as `` 4-Tier , '' but that is a lie . There are only three shelves .
 The unit arrived in a banged up box . There was a chip missing from the top shelf . The wood is not very well protected inside the box and these boxes seem to get beat up in transit.It does appear to be made of solid wood , but the joinery work is imperfect -- there are some gaps here and there between glued surfaces.My major issue was that , at least in my model , the screws that were shipped were too short to reach through the pre-drilled holes for the top shelf . They could just barely reach , but not far enough in to bite and secure the holes . Repeated attempts proved fruitless.Those holes , moreover , are in a fairly inconvenient spot -- it 's awkward trying to tighten the hex screws with the included obligatory cheap hex key , and impossible to reach with a regular drill in order to deepen the holes enough for the screws to reach the top plank.I have n't seen anyone else report this problem so maybe it was just a flaw in my unit -- the widened part of the holes was n't deep enough . I am sure that if I contacted the seller something could have been worked out , but the unit was mostly assembled when I discovered the critical flaw and at that point it would have been even more of a hassle to send back as I would have had to disassemble it all and then repack it.I elected to take it down to the workbench and drill alternate holes and countersink the screws . It worked fine and looks good enough now , except for the chip on the top shelf . Someone else might not have as easy of a fix at hand though.If I had n't had that problem I probably would have given this four stars as the unit assembled well otherwise and is fairly sturdy . Maybe three because of the chipped piece of wood -LRB- I do see others have mentioned a similar issue so perhaps the manufacturer needs to do a better job packaging these units -RRB- and the poor joinery . But , to me , if it 's not right when you get something of this size , it 's a considerable inconvenience to go through the returns process and wait for it to be shipped again . Even if the manufacturer sends you a new unit if you complain , that 's not the experience I 'm looking to have when I buy something like this . I 've bought several home-assembly items from Amazon in the past , so I 'm sure it 's an isolated problem , but it 's still a problem . So two stars it is.I think next time I 'll opt for a more expensive brand .
 This bookshelf is practical for small spaces , and I like its simple appearance . It was straightforward to assemble , though a bit trickier when doing it solo.Now for the bad . When I buy things online , I expect the items might be somewhat different than what I expected . But this product took me by surprise . First , the color is loud
 I 'm always stunned when I see something rated so highly , and then get it only to wonder how on earth others could post such ratings . I have modest expectations of a $ 79 bookshelf , but I was still disappointed . The overall finish of the shelves was very poor . They generally were dull and rough feeling , most likely due to insufficient sanding . But in addition they also had an occasionally shiny spot where someone appears to have manually brushed an area to deal with a finishing imperfection . There were also places where the drilled holes had punched through and broke out the wood behind the drilling point . This is a childish mistake for any manufacturer to make . And if that is n't enough - the first box I ordered did n't have mounting hardware , so it ca n't be assembled . I 'm not even going to bother opening the other two shelves - their all going back!So there you have it - PURE GARBAGE !
 I was disappointed by this . I bought this over a set of shelves being sold in my local store because I was looking for a taller shelf unit . I wish now I had bought and stacked 2 units from my local store , which would have been about the same cost , but would have given me a tall well finsihed shelving unit . The differnce in wood quality and manufacture is stark . This is a roughly made piece of furniture in terms of finishing . The orangy wood finish is not like any wood coloring I have ever seen , so I shall have to get wood polish/stain and darken the color , which might also give the wood a richer less cheap appearance . The wood is poorly finished feeling quite rough and some of the wooden segments had minor yet visible chips . I only kept this because I could n't be bothered with returning it and because it is in a location that is not too visible .
 I thought it would cover two burners . It covers the big burner and then the edges do n't sit on any heat . If I would have looked into it better I would have known this , and I would have just bought the square one . I was looking for a two burner one for when I was cooking for more than two
 It says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong . It does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of each burner causing the handles to be right ove both burners . Very dissapointing , I love the le creuset normally and was really looking forward to having a grill pan made by them . Unfortuanatelly due to the shape it will not work for just one burner either . Hopefully they will come out with an updated one , until then my search for a good 2 burner grill pan continues .
 I just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom . However , after using it several times , I would choose a different grill because of the following reasons : # 1 The spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up . # 2 There is no option of purchasing a lid # 3 The pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter . Thus , somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot .
 Seriously shoddy quality , back board is really flimsy and does n't even attach to the the piece you sit on . Parts not manufactured well , pieces arrived scratched , some parts do n't even fit .
 Poor quality , poor fit , poor design , cheap hardware , do n't buy . Screws stripped , took me 8 deck screw to tighten up joints !!
 Hog Wild Fridge Pins are way over priced and a few had the magnets have fallen out of the plastic . This was very disappointing , I had waited a long time to buy these . Strangely enough I found cheaper ones at Kmart with larger and stronger magnets . For the price of $ 1.49 you can get an 8 pack at Kmart .
 This product is cheap , and of shoddy construction - purchased about 4.5 months ago and right arm of chair literally snapped offThis produst is cheaply made , and you get what you pay for.Contacting warranty support is a nightmare
 This product is cheap , but if you have hardtime assembling , it 's not for you . First , did n't even camewith instructions . Second , to assemble it you need to work on8 different parts , many should be screwed in using Elm-headscrews . Do n't attempt without an electronic screwdriver ! Some ofthe screwes are really hard to put in.This produst is cheaply made , but it * is * cheap . You getwhat you pay for .
 When I purchased the item , it stated that the arrival date would be on or around Dec 24th . I had to send a email for the product to be shipped or else cancel the order . I received it within a week -LRB- but no tracking number was provided -RRB- & the bottles were well packaged . After removing the contents I noticed that one of the applicators was missing . I sent an email explaining the situation & also provided a picture . I received an email stating that it was &#34; noted &#34; and nothing more . I sent two additional emails asking when the replacement item will be sent & I received no response . I will never purchase from this company again !
 They are extremely flimsy , and have no extra glass at the bottom to hold them steady . A soft breeze is liable to knock over your bottles and spill perfume all over your table.Also , the little metal rods that are supposed to reach down and let you access the perfume are very poorly made , and they do n't come anywhere close to reaching the bottoms of the containers . So once your bottle was 1/2 empty , you would n't be able to access the perfume anymore without upending the entire bottle against your palm or something.Also , they are just sort of shoddily made . The glass is not blown very well and there is cheap looking blotchy paint accents on a couple of pieces.They are somewhat passable as EMPTY window decorators , perhaps , but I ca n't think of any other use .
 After receiving these gloves and reading the instructions it appeared that the flame retardant qualities are due to chemicals used on the gloves . They can not be washed without impacting the flame retardant qualities . Of course by the time I figured this out , the company would not accept a return on the other three I purchased . So if you want an oven mit you ca n't wash , thats treated with chemicals , by all means buy them .
 This review is not based on actual use because as soon as I slipped my hand into the mitt , I felt something very scratchy . I looked , and the inside seams of the mitt were littered with tiny , hard brown flecks , like wood chips . I looked at the other mitt -LRB- it comes in pairs -RRB- , and it was the same way . What are wood chips doing in an oven mitt ? Better question - what else are they using for filler ? I am returning these today .
 I have owned this product for 2 years now . I really wanted to like this product and thought I found the perfect can opener . It worked great for the first couple of months until it started slipping , the can opener would stay stationary even though I was turning the knob . Often times I would have to reposition the can opener and do a do over . By doing so , it creates tiny metal shavings that can get mixed into your food while removing the lid . I contacted the manufacturer to voice out my complaint and they were very prompt at sending me a new one at no cost to me . I received the replacement and gave it a try , I was hoping that maybe the first one I received was just a dud . Unfortunately , the replacement also slips so I am still on the hunt for a good can opener .
 Wanted a safety can opener and I have kind of a red thing going on so I ordered this ` can opener ' . The first one I got would not open any cans whatsoever so I sent it back . The second one opens some cans but not all . It has a hard time opening cans with pull tops like pet food cans . It 's uncomfortable to use and just does a poor job in general . One advantage of safety openers is the ability to use the top for storage which is ideal for pet food . I have a cheap generic opener I 've had for years but is now getting a bit dull . The cheap one will run laps around this thing .
 I had this can opener for about a month before it stripped out . I liked the fact that the edges were not sharp , but I do n't want to buy one a month !
 The ability to replace the lid is nice , and so is no sharp edges thing if you are clumsy or have kids , but I regretfully found out it does not open all cans . Out of maybe 5 or 6 I tried , it could not handle one . What good is it if you have to get another can opener?Even when it does open cans , it is not the most user-friendly can opener I 've had -LRB- and I 've only had two cheap ones ever before , haha -RRB- . It sometimes slips and you have to re-place it and continue , which is annoying and tricky because the spot where you stopped is not easily visible.In short , you have to value the advantages pretty highly in order to overcome the disadvantages .
 I was looking for a can opener that cuts around the rim instead of the top of the can because I do n't like lids falling into the food while it is still in the can . The problem with this one is that the handles are stacked and difficult to open/close . You have to slide the handles left to right instead of up and down . Rather difficult and I have strong hands .
 This thing is a disaster . It 's not intuitive to use and took many frustrating minutes to figure it out , even with the instructions . -LRB- Should a can opener really require written instructions ? -RRB- It 's very fickle about fitting exactly right on the can and only works on certain size cans . This thing wo n't fit ergo wo n't open anything larger than a standard tuna or soup can .
 The first one of these I owned lasted a couple of years . A replacement one lasted only a couple of months . Got a Farberware instead . Farberware is less intuitive but has not broken after several months .
 I bought this based on mostly good reviews after another Kuhn Rikon would n't open a can of Rotel . Not only did this not open the Rotel , but it took 3 trips around a regular can of beans to open it , and it left a sliver of metal to fall in the beans . I gave up on &#34; safety lid &#34; openers and bought a regular one . Might be defective .
 Does not work on some cans especially the larger ones . Too hard for most children and adults . I have used similar products that were much easier to work than this model . Ordered it online and thought it would be very similar but it was not .
 Well , it took two cans and several tries before I could get the lid off one of the cans . Needed to use another can opener to open the first can . Ended up putting in junk drawer .
 The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because what I got was not what was advertised . 1 -RRB- handle is completely different . 2 -RRB- There is no push button release on beak , you have to spread the handle apart , very awkward . They might of given me the cheaper model , it works ok once you get used to it but its not as great as raved about in reviews . I do like the clean cut and how the metal does n't touch the food , but I had to go over oval lids a few times to receive a clean cut .
 No packing material what so ever . Product arrived broken . I 'm sending it back for a replacement but if the second one comes broken too , then that will be it for me ordering breakable items from Target .
 ... but 2 of the bowls were broken on arrival , so I returned it . The packaging was very poor and did n't protect the bowls at all .
 this product does not come with a fragile label . therefore the shippers throw the box around and break them . The first set I ordered came completely shattered . I sent them back and then the second set I got also came completely shattered . I am not trying for a third , I am just getting my money back .
 They did n't learn how to package fragile items . I `` ve gotten clothes better wrapped than this ! There was n't any bubble wrap or the like in the package ! Most of the crocks were broken .
 I order this item back in january 2011 , every 3-5 days I receive and email stating `` were sorry , but this order has been delayed '' . Please this is my 3 or 4th request that these emails STOP and CANCEL the order.Since this order can not ship out , I DO NOT want it . please cancel this order and issue me a credit , if you have already charged my card.Please please cancel this order and stop these emails!Thank you for your assistance!Jackie
 Like others who have purchased this product , these glass items were boxed with no packing material -LRB- popcorn , etc. -RRB- or marking the box as Fragile . I received 2 broken soup crocks . You guys really need to get a clue here when it comes to packaging GLASS items . Way to go knuckleheads ! Not impressed ! Update
 Speedy delivery , but no good
 THE SOUP CROCK ARRIVED BROKEN . HAD TO RETURN ON RECEIPT . HOPEFULLY THE ITEM WAS CREDITED AS WELL AS CHARGED.SHIRLEY ROBBINSPS GRANDDAUGHTER WAS DISAPPOINTED .
 I never write reviews , but I do not want any buyer to go through the same situation as I. I purchased this table , recieved it 31/2 weeks later only to find complete dissapointment ! It requires an extremely easy assembly yet when I went to assemple the welding broke off when I was just putting the screw in ! Then , the other four legs did not have the holes drilled properly to even assemble the table ! Lastly , as if that is not bad enough the `` metal legs '' were not steel or anything close ... its a gray/silver wrapping that is all bubbly !!!!! Unbelievable ... now I have to wait another 3-4 weeks to make another attempt at recieving decent quality legs just so I can try and hide the table somewhere !!!!! DO NOT PURCHASE !!!!!
 The specs are 18x 18 x 22.5 It is not 24 '' tall.Truthful information about a product is paramount!Because of this I doubt I will ever buy anything from them again ...
 I thought this pan would be multi-purpose . It is not.It is also very `` tinny '' and not so well made.Save your money and get a adonized pan instead .
 I got this set with 2 pieces missing and the one they sent looked old and used.I 'm returning it !
 i got the white color version and was happy about it but this one is half the goods/worth .
 I would not purchase again . The fan for the price is very cheap quality construction . I have not been happy with the product and gave it away .
 I was expecting the paper and the quality of the print to be better than it was . It was more of a cheap reproduction .
 I just received these and there 's a very small warning label on the outside package that the product description does n't mention
 Very poorly made . One of the bags was already split at a seam when I got it.Also , for anyone who wants something that is moth-resistant , look elsewhere . The holes where the rope handles go into the bag have enough of a gap to allow insects to enter .
 I have only one positive thing to say about these . They are sturdy . The size is a joke . Do n't plan on putting much of anything in them . If these are medium I 'd hate to see a small .
 I did like it . I was only able to fit a few sweaters in it . Never kept an open shape .
 I should 've kept the plastic bags comforters have come in , in the past , and had a better quality bag . These serve the purpose I needed them for but I would suggest that you save your comforter bags for future use ! : - -RRB-
 These bags are cheap and split along the poorly made seems immediately . They were not overstuffed at all , these are useless .
 I thought I had done all the research . Seemed like a fantastic product . It was - for about 2 years . Then it started making the awful growling sound like something is stuck - only there was n't anything there , and I had n't vacuumed anything up that I knew of . Ca n't find a place that repairs Dysons anywhere in the city . No longer under warranty . Beaucoup dollars down the drain . Dyson 's web site is no help whatsoever . They say most problems can be fixed over the phone . Yeah , right . Did n't work .
 I bought the Dyson thinking and believing the other reviews , but yikes ! I wo n't do that again ! It did have fairly good suction , I have to admit . But not good enough . Also , trying to use the attachments was SO time consuming ! You have to undo the whole tubing section , then turn it upside down and plug it all back in again - very inefficient ! I did like that you could stretch it all the way up/down stairs , but that did n't change my overall opinion of the machine . I read Consumer 's Report and bought their advised Eureka and I love it !
 I had carefully read the reviews of this vacuum on Amazon , and have a friend who raves about his Dyson . So I ordered one , expecting to be delighted with the vacuum . Today , I pulled it out of the box , and it looked brand new -LRB- that 's good ! -RRB- But the trouble started when I attempted to put the vacuum together . I was suprised that I actually had to read the directions to put it together . But , okay . I started vacuuming , and the suction did not appear to be that great . Then one of the short plastic hoses popped off . I shut off the vacuum , put the hose back , and tightened all the connections I could find . This greatly improved the suction.But , I find that this vacuum is very poorly designed . Here why :1 . It 's so easy to hit the On/Off button when you 're carrying the vacuum , or just picking it up to go from the bare floor to carpet . The carrying handle and On/Off button are too close together . This is aggrevating , since I accidentally turned the vac off several times . And why should I have to pick up the vacuum to go from wood floor to carpet ? 2 . It is way too easy to pull the lever that empties the canister when you carry the vac . Luckily , I did not do this .3 . It would be better if the On/Off button were a different color than the rest of the vacuum . With all the yellow and gray on the vac , the On/Off button is actually more difficult to find than it should be .4 . Switching from using the regular vacuum to using the hose with attachments is ridiculously cumbersome . You have to pull out the handle , which has a long metal tube that fits inside the vacuum 's stretchy hose . Next you have to detach the hose from the long handle thingy , then reattach it to top of the handle . This is crazy , since at least in my house , I need to switch between the regular vacuum and the attachments quite often . This was very , very easy with my canister vacuum .5 . Most vacuums have some sort of lever in the back/bottom of the vac that releases the vacuum 's head so it stays flat on the floor . Two things are wrong with the Dyson . First , since I 'm used to having this lever , I kept hitting it with my foot to release the head , but instead , it detaches one of the plastic hoses , so of course the vac loses suction . Second , in order to keep the vac 's head on the ground , you have to awkwardly reach around the canister with your foot -LRB- or hand -RRB- and push the head down .6 . To switch from bare floor to carpet , again you have to reach around the vac with your foot , and hope that you can turn the big yellow knob appropriately . I found that I had to turn the knob with my hand , so with all the carpet-to-wood-floor transitions in my house , I was bending over ALOT .7 . If I switched from the bare floor setting to carpet when the vac was running , it made a horribly loud noise , as if something was caught in the beater-brush . I needed to shut the vac off , turn the knob to the carpet setting , then turn the vac back on , to get it to work properly .8 . Did I mention that this vac is HEAVY ? Maybe I think it 's heavy because I am used to using a canister , but carrying or lifting this vac is not fun .9 . This vac should have a retractable hose .10 . The only things I liked about this vac was the suction , and the way the dirt canister is emptied . But , these do n't out-weigh the design flaws . I 'm sending the vacuum back .
 I bought this vacuum and then found I could not buy attachments . I called Dyson direct and they will not sell product to anyone in New York . So I ca n't get any accessories for this machine . I have tried on other sites and no luck . If you want a machine with no accessories this machine certainly sucks .
 After weeks and weeks of research and consideration of the refurbished Dyson , I ordered it . All previous messages stated it was like new . Well , upon receiving the Dyson , overall the appearance of the vac was in like new condition with only one issue ; the hose had a smash in it . No biggie right ? Since the hose is just made of wire , all I had to do was pinch the wire into place and the hose was fine . Then I started it up . The seals were not sealing and I was getting an awefule whistling sound . I went to my local retailer to see if theirs did the same and nope , it did n't . I also noticed that the suction of my refurbished Dyson was also a little less than the new one . Long story short , if you did n't get in on the $ 225 deal , I would n't recommend it . These vacs are high tech . and a lot can go wrong with them . I figured Dyson would take pride in their refurbished vac , but I was not impressed what-so-ever . Needless to say , I returned my vac and purchased a new one.I totally recommend Dyson 's new vacs . It picked up so much dirt from my house I was really impressed . And I must mention that my wife vacuumes every two weeks . Once the Dyson came to our house , it picked up three canisters of dirt and dust the first day . The house is 2800 sq. ft. VERY impressive vacuum.With a newborn on the way , I have a huge confidence that the house is in clean shape for the todler to crawl around on.Dyson new = YesDyson Refurb . = No
 Their claim is that the Dyson does n't lose suction with use . If kept in top condition , clean and emptied then it might not lose suction . But if you allow the canister to fill up or the filter to get dirty then it definitely looses suction.The beater brushes were never really effective . I have thick plush carpet , all one length , and I never got vacuum tracks with this vacuum . So I knew it was n't really beating the carpet very effectively . They claim the height is auto adjusting but it does n't seem to adjust at all and therefore is only effective on certain carpet heights.The wand wore out early due to design errors . The hard part of the wand tube rubs against the flexible hose causing it to wear early and break . Each of the attachments broke early too.I got about a years use out of this vacuum and threw it away . I bought a Bissell lift off upright to replace and it is already 100 % better than the Dyson . In the first vacuuming with the Bissell I filled the dirt canister with dust and dog hair from my first floor alone , which shows the Dyson had been missing it all along . I now get vacuum tracks with the Bissell and my carpet looks 100 % better
 I purchase this vacuum less then a year ago . It does not pick up all the dog and cat hair . I vacuum 2x a day . It also kicks back the dirt and I can feel it hit my feet . ALso , when you take the container out to release the dirt no need to use the release handle , the dirt falls right out and if you do not know this then it is all back on your floor . I paid full price thinking I was getting something good but I was wrong and a waste of money
 The retail on this is NOT $ 500.00 . I found brand new ones for $ 359 at http://www.best-vacuum.com/dyson-DCO7steelyellow.htmlwith no sales tax !!!!! Not worth messing with a refurb . I 've tried one of these at a friends , new , and after a month and it dealing with some fine dust from a little drywall sanding , you can hear a horrbile whining noise . . The hose is VERY bad design . It pulls REALLY hard and is difficult to use almost always pulling the vaccum over .
 I have had my Dyson for about 1 month and it makes a VERY loud grinding noise . I called the help line and they told me that the noise is because my carpet is a Berber carpet and their vacuum is `` too powerful '' to vacuum my carpet and the carpet is `` suffocating '' the brush and causing the clutch to slip . If this really is true then they need to work on their design so that their vacuumed can handle the vast majority of carpets . This same noise occurred at my sister 's house as well as at my parents . I would never purchase this vacuumed as this has a very serious problem that must be addressed .
 Yeah , Dyson Sucks alright . And not in the way they advertise . $ 400 + for a vacuum that ca n't pick up crumbs ? This is modern technology?Stay away from Dyson .
 I was hoping I 'd be one who received `` one just like new '' . I was not . The one I received was dirty , the cord was cut in 2 places , it made loud noises going from hardwood to carpet . Also the canister fell off . I willapplaud Amazon for their customer service in handling this situation . It was a little hassle to haul the heavy thing to UPS but shipping was free and my refund was prompt . Thank you Amazon .
 You have to serve the shot with the plastic container . In other words , you can not have a shot glass made of ice only . Pity .
 I own several Calphalon pieces and was somewhat disappointed with this one . The overall thickness and weight of this piece does not measure up with my other pieces and the bottom is slightly warped . Those of you who cook on a glass top stove knows how frustrating that can be . The pan is constantly spinning around and the heat is not distributed evenly causing the food to cook faster in the center of the pan than everywhere else .
 $ 100 for a casserole dish ? You have got to be kidding . I do n't care how good it is . For $ 100 it better load itself up , walk itself over to the oven , turn it on and get in . I pity anyone who buys this . $ 100 is bad enough but look at it . What 's wrong with cookware that looks like cookware ?
 How does this cover suppose to work on the bolster pillow ? I have the full body pillow that I used while I was pregnant , now I wanted to use the bolster pillow and thought of buying this cover . It is extremely tight and hardly covers half of the pillow . The case is nothing like the one demonstrated in the pic . Sending this back to the seller .
 After 2 and a half years of work -LRB- may be once a week only -RRB- I need to throw it away . Deeply disappointed .
 -LRB- Purchased in may 2003 -RRB- I just have to say how excited I was when I bought this skillet because it was `` calphalon '' wooooo !!! Oh well after 2 months of using rubber spatulas , it 's peeling !!! where is it now ? , somewhere in a junkyard . I do n't want to develop cancer from Calphalon you know . Too many law suits nowadays , anyway ... . Those of you who enjoy it , more power to you . Me I 'm a cast iron gal.Back to nature ...
 this pan is too shallow to use for anything but eggs . It is too steep sided to really make and toss a crepe . It is of nice quality and the nonstick surface appears nice however this pan lacks multi functional use . I have no clue where all these glowing reviews come from .
 I have several Calphalon pots and pans that I 've purchased over the years that have been just great . All of which were manufactured in Ohio.This pan became useless after three months of gentle care using only nylon utensils made for non-stick pans . The non-stick coating on this pan lived up to its name . It does not stick to the pan 's cooking surface , but instead peels off in big flakes.This skillet , and two other Calphalon pans that I 've purchased from Amazon in the last year were made in China , and are terrible as to quality , endurance , and finish . This skillet did a good job for a month or so , but then started slowly losing its non-stick surface.The other two pans received from Amazon were of such poor quality right out of the box that I returned them the same day for a refund . No such luck with this pan.The brand name Calphalon does not mean a quality product anymore if it was made in China .
 I chose this pan for the calphalon name -LRB- and it was on sale -RRB- . It was great for the first 2-3 months , ... then unfortunately the non-stick surface self destructed , and the pan had to be tossed . This is despite taking very good care to always use plastic cooking utensils , teflon safe sponges etc. . I was very dissapointed and expected way more from calphalon .
 The nonstick coating started flaking off after only a few months of use . After 2 or 3 years , it is unusable -LRB- unless you like eating the coating -RRB- . Not up to Calphalon standard .
 I thought this gon na last long . After 6 months of normal use it lost the nonstick coating . I always use wooden or nylon spoons . Very bad quality from Calphalon.DON ' T BUY .
 I never got my pans to the kitchen stove . My first pan had two significant pits in the nonstick surface , so I returned it and received a replacement pan that had one , even larger , pit in the nonstick surface , as well . My one star is for Amazon and their excellent customer service . I 'm very disappointed that my experience seems to be so different from the majority of reviews .
 I have had this pan for about three years and do n't use it that often . The non-stick surface does not stand up to wear . Within a few uses , the coating started to come up . I made some pancakes on it this morning and have decided that it 's time to retire the pan to the trash . I will be buying the Le Creuset cast iron pan . It 's more cost effective to buy the more expensive pan if you do n't have to throw it away !
 need i say more ?? the teflon coating , which is poisonous , flakes off in big chunks . i am not buying any more teflon products .
 Bought this two years ago and there is a significant amount of the teflon coating that has ended up in my food . After about 1 year it started to come off and now I do n't want to use it any more . Great price , but Cast Iron will last forever and not end up in my food . Back to using Lodge , FOR GOOD !
 OK , like everyone else I read all the reviews before deciding on this pan . And everyone was right about the phenomenal properties of this nonstick . However , no one seemed to mention that the handle is far from ergonomically correct . It is way too small for the heft of this pan . The pan actually turns over in my hand when I 'm lifting it , and I 'm not a tiny person with small hands . I 'm sticking with the professional line until I see some design changes . C'mon , Calphalon , do some homework !! And in spite of what anyone says about the professional becoming less than nonstick over time , I 've had mine for over a year , and with daily use it 's still like new . Take good care of it , and remember there 's a lifetime warranty against defect .
 The pan seems nice enough when new but is certainly NOT non-stick . Under normal use -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- , it accumulated stains and discoloration that impacted the slipperiness of the cooking surface . It has gone to Goodwill .
 I have had this pan since September 2003 . Initially it was a very good pan and I use it regularly - several times a week for eggs , grilled cheese sandwiches , etc. . I have been very careful about the utensils that I use on it because I have had problems with non-stick finishes on other products in the past . However , after 31/2 years , the finish is flaking off all over the pan and food frequently sticks . I 'm going to try and get a replacement for it at this point .
 After 1.5 yrs of light use and despite taking great care in hand washing the pan , the coating came off in flakes . The pan I got from amazon was made in China . I had other calphalon products and they are just fine .
 I 've followed the directions on use and care of this thing and since I got it in 2006 , it 's never really been `` nonstick '' . It 's impossible to clean up when cooking anything . I actually think it may be defective so I just wrote Calphalon for warranty replacement . Based upon my experience , I would n't get this pan again , nor would I ever get any sort of nonstick product .
 First , to be fair , I want to be upfront and say I put this pan in the dishwasher . Honestly , I do this with all my non-stick pots and pans because I find it cheaper -LRB- cost = time , energy , and money -RRB- to put non-stick pans in the dishwasher and just replace them every X years as needed . T-Fal is really the only company I can find that claims there pans are non-stick and dishwasher safe . I can say that although that may not be entirely true they will last and be fully non-stick for a very long time before they need to be replaced and they do have a lifetime warranty for the frugal minded . This pan did n't even make it through one or two washings , which for me really draws into question of the quality of the pan . Of course the warranty is void by putting it in the dishwasher and sadly the only use for a sticky crepe pan is to take up space in a landfill . Would someone please make a high quality , glass lid , oven safe handled , nonstick set of pots and pans , pretty please !!!
 This is a disposable piece of junk . I had high hopes in the beginning . Before I put it on the stove . The first time , it started to stick . Yes I use only plastic utensils . But the poor quality reflects badly on Caphalon since they are supposedly high end . I had better luck with $ 5 pans . Take a pass on this . If it were so heavy , I wouldve returned it .
 This pan is too small to be practical . It 's cheap but is n't worth the storage space it requires considering its very limited use for frying one egg at a time or cooking one pancake at a time . The pan is simply too small and shallow . I am returning it.Editing to add that nobody wants to hear criticism of this pan !! Folks , the pan is too shallow . I think most people would be better off with the 10-inch omelet pan - much more practical for multiple uses . If you have all the storage space in the world for specialized pans , by all means , get this pan.As to what pan allows more than one pancake at once - the Calphalon 12 '' nonstick commercial omelet pan - was my favorite pan . Unfortunately , the non-stick coating peeled on me after less than 2 years ... let 's see if Calphalon honors their warranty . I will let you all know ... Update
 I puchased this pan along with a few others after being under the false impression that it was of superior quality . It is heavy and solidly built but the non-skid coating is junk . I have never put it in the dishwasher and always washed with care but after a couple of months the non skid was nonfunctional . I mean everything sticks to this pan ... very frustrating . I have since purchased a Scanpan skillet and it workes 10 times better for alot less $ $
 This pan arrived in non retail packaging and had obvious scratches in the non stick surface . We sent it back . I 'm wondering if Amazon 's supply of these are actually factory seconds ...
 After a few months the coating has started to peel of , not what I had expected from Calphalon , not like their standard material , just a common pan , but heavier.I would not buy this item again .
 This pan worked great for the first few months , and then , despite following the recommended guidelines for washing and care , a residue began to steadily build up on the surface . After not very long , the pan went from nonstick to semi-stick , and after a year or so , food was sticking just like any other regular surface , often worse , and the only way to avoid this was to use plenty of cooking oil . With pancakes , especially , I 'm better off cooking on my old , seasoned cast iron skillet than on this pan , and the same can be said for eggs.Now , after a couple years , the nonstick coating -LRB- despite its advertised three-ply layering and durability -RRB- is beginning to flake . This pan has n't ended up lasting any longer than any other nonstick pan.Be wary of reviews from people who have only used the pan a few months . It is a good pan during those first few months , but if you want something that is going to last years , stay away from Calphalon nonstick -LRB- or any nonstick , for that matter -RRB- . As for me , I 'm going back to cast iron and carbon steel . With proper care and seasoning , those are the best nonstick surfaces I have found , and they last virtually forever . I 'll be much happier with a lifetime pan than a lifetime warranty on a one-year pan .
 Given all the positive reviews maybe we got a dud , but we have never had any luck with this pan . The non-stick surface is inferior to very cheap surfaces and it simply does not come clean . There is always an oily residue . This is despite the fact that we were careful to follow the instructions with regards to caring for the pan .
 in very poor condition -LRB- flaking of surface -RRB- after 4 years . my 10 yr old Calphalon Commercial Nonstick saucepan is still doing fine , so i wonder if quality standards dropped after mfg moved offshore .
 I was under the impression this was a different , larger pan when I brought it , and after realizing my mistake -LRB- i.e. , after opening the box -RRB- it was too expensive to return.This pan is too small for regular cooking , and too steep sided for making crepes . It is also too small for making breakfast for a family . The nonstick coating is inferior to the anodized line , and the pan still ca n't be washed in the dishwasher . For $ 3 more , you can get a real pan , one you can use every day for 15 years for every type of cooking -LRB- 14 '' anodized skillet w / lid -RRB- that heats evenly and cooks wonderfully .
 this pan is junk made in china . it appeared to be a second rather than a first quality item . i immediately sent it back .
 This is my 2nd Calphalon investment and I am enjoying cooking in these pans immensely.They are so versatile , clean - up is a Breeze and any/all foods I have used these pans for has turned out great .
 I HATE MY CALPHALON !! I received them as a shower gift and I am very dissapointed.I have Caphalon Pots & Pans non-stick line . They have too many restricitios when using them and cleaning them and after 3 years the surface has begun to wear off . They also keep odors from food even after being washed several times . I wish I had done more research before registering for them . My wonderful husband has purchased me a set of pans form ALL-CLAD . They are the best and I am very happy with them !! Stainless steel is the way to go .
 I 've been using Calphalon and Circulon products for the past 16 + years and so far this has been one of my very big disappointments . It should not be categorized as `` commercial '' because a chef would have thrown it out of the window after just a couple of uses !!!
 I bought this pan several months ago and have used it quite often . It has worked pretty well but the now the nonstick has started to peel . I clean by hand ONLY and NEVER used a scouring pad . Just a sponge and a soft plastic bristle brush around the rivets where the handle attaches if need be . Great price but VERY limited durability .
 I bought this pan in hopes that it would be more durable than other nonstick pans I have tried . Not so . It scratches very easily . You ca n't forget to use plastic utensils . One use of a metal fork to stir something and the pan is scratched . Also if you burn something in the pan it is very difficult to get clean -LRB- and it takes some the nonstick off even when you use a dobi pad and softscrub as recommended by the manufacturer -RRB- .
 I do n't know if I 'm the only one that experienced this problem but I ordered the BLUE FLORAL Paisley set and got some ugly checkered blue design . Looks like a little kids room sheet . I emailed Amazon and they resend another sheet set that looks EXACTLY the same as the wrong one I received before ! I 'm giving the item poor ratings because Amazon gives you something that 's not even shown on the screen -LRB- nor in any of the other options that are even sold out -RRB- . I 'm not even sure what they 're shipping out , but it 's not what 's described on the page . If you have this problem , please email Amazon , so I 'm not the only one with this complaint . Thanks .
 The fit of the fitted sheet is LOUSY - the first night we had it on the mattress , it came off . I guess Amazon sold them cheap to get rid of them.DO NOT BUY THESE !!
 After 1st wash , even before 1st use . It became unusable
 got a different pattern and the dye fades on everything even me , even after 5 washings do nor waist your money
 The pillow case seam tore wide open after initial washing -LRB- before I even used the set ! -RRB- . I stitched back up and the rest of the set seems fine . Could just be an anomoly , but beware . But then again , they were only $ 20 .
 Even at the incredible Friday sale price of $ 4.99 , I would not recommend these flannel sheets for purchase because of the very poor sewing workmanship . The stitches were very large , and also some of the edges were simply turned over once and sewn with a raw -LRB- easy to unravel -RRB- edge . The sheet would not hold up well after the first washing . I resewed all the edges of both sheets .
 Dollar store quality . Lovely dark pattern , but it is printed on thin white flannel , not over-printed on blue yarn-dyed fabric , and the stitching on these fairly dark sheets is white .
 The hems on the flat sheet became unraveled after the very first wash , not just in a few places , but the full length on both sides ! However the fabric is soft to the touch and the price was insanely low , so I gave it a courtesy second star .
 These sheets looked pretty until they fell apart the first time I washed them . How does a sheet fall apart ? Well , in this case the raw edges were left exposed in several areas when the hems were put in . The exposed fabric , which is loosely woven to start with , simply unraveled . If you must get these sheets , I suggest you have your sewing machine ready to re-sew all seams and hems before using or washing them .
 I did not like the product , but i got it really cheap . This is not a quality product , avoid at higher prices
 I had high hopes for these sheets even though I got them at a bargain price . They do n't have elastic all around , which is a problem with flannels resulting in sheets riding up on the sides . They are also inexpensively made with MANY loose threads and potential for unraveling . They are thin as flannels go . All in all , try to find a better quality sheet ... . it 's well worth it !!
 I bought 3 sheet sets , I have noticed on the two queen size sheets that the stitching that holds the elastic in has come apart in several places and the elastic is now falling out . I have only washed these sets two times . I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 Although these sheets are pretty and warm , their size and fit are horrible . The fitted bottom sheet is far too long plus the elastic around the corners is not tight enough to keep the sheet on the mattress -LRB- which tends to come off through the night -RRB- . And the flat sheet is barely wide enough . I would not buy these again .
 Poor quality fabric , not soft like flannel should be . But was only $ 9 and it 's for my guest bed , so I guess it 's OK .
 I was extremely disappointed with the fabric and color when it came . It is obvious that it is of poor quality but I guess you get what you paid for 10 bucks.The zipper of the plastic cover of one set was broken.I bought 2 queen sheets and I wanted to return both purchases if only I did not have to pay for shipping.Do not buy this !!!! You will regret it .
 I ordered these sheets hoping for that comfy flannel sheet I remembered from the old days . Snuggling under the covers in the Fall and Winter , cosseted by soft sheets . Perhaps , I was too optimistic , given the price.These sheets seem to be fairly good quality , but they do n't have that fuzzy softness of flannel . There 's really not much nap . They are made of a low thread count sort of jersey fabric . The patterns are good , and they come packaged nicely , but in an era where high thread count sheets are available affordably , these sheets are a disappointment.If you like jersey-type sheets , and you are n't too concerned about the softness right out of the package or the thread count , these could be just right for you . And you ca n't beat the price .
 That is all I can say - you get what you pay for is clearly underrated - you buy sheets for under 10 dollars - what on earth was I thinking - well , I got paper thin sheets that I hope make it thru the first washing - will use them as emergency sheets for guests that want a place to crash - will provide toilet seat cover-like protection against the mattress and who knows what it will feel like next to the skin !! Warning - Caveat Emptor !
 These sheets look as pictured . Following directions to wash prior to using , the flat sheet shrunk to 72 '' wide ; it is now twin size . Because of the deep pockets in the fitted sheet , it still fits a double bed . They are usable , but barely.Also , since the weight is given in metric , `` heavyweight '' is a misnomer .
 On the surface , this Neoair Plus has a ok spec . It is $ 300 for a compact purifier that has a low annual filter replacement cost of ~ $ 60 , a low power consumption of 70 Watts , not too noisy at 46 dB , and serving up to 600 square feet with a fan speed of 200 CFM . Now what can be wrong with such a purifier ? Well , the problem is that NeoAir Plus is far weaker than it appears . The 200 CFM -LRB- cubic feet per minute -RRB- fan speed is not very powerful comparing to its competitors . Most purifiers on the market participate in the AHAM -LRB- Association Home Appliance Manufacturers -RRB- certification to get three CADR values -LRB- Clean Air Delivery Rating -RRB- . There are 3 CADR values for smoke , dust and pollen removal rates . Neoair did not get certified and only reports its fan speed -LRB- 200 CFM -RRB- . This is very troubling because a fan speed does not indicate the cleaning power of a purifier . For instance , your typical fan at home has a CFM fan speed , but it has a `` ZERO '' CADR since it can not purify air . The CADR of Neoair Plus is probably 200 at its best -LRB- where CADR = CFM -RRB- . Honeywell 50250 has a certified 250 CADR and is sold at $ 150 . 3M Filtrete FAP03-RC has an averaged 290 CADR and is $ 200 . Whirlpool AP450 has an averaged 315 CADR and is $ 250 . All three are cheaper and more powerful than Neoair Plus.What also concern me is some of the marketing and customer services of this young company . It is rather important to point out that when Neoair claims this unit can serve 600 square feet , the statement is overrated and misleading . The industrial guideline written by the AHAM is to use the smoke CADR and a 5 air change per hour to estimate the usage space . While Honeywell , 3M , and Whirlpool purifiers are more powerful , they are suggested for a smaller usage space of 375 , 348 , 500 square feet , respectively . This is because these companies follow the standard guideline . -LRB- Even through 3M filtrete has a higher pollen and dust CADRs than the Honeywell 50250 , 3M has a lower smoke CADR and therefore a lower recommended floor space -RRB- Using the standard definition , this Neoair Plus should be used for a 300 sq ft , half of its advertised 600 sq ft. The fact that Neoair did not go to an independent organization to certify their CADR should raise some eyebrows . This misleading 600 sq ft advertising tactic sure seems like a way to prey on average customers . Please understand that , unlike CADR , there is no legal guideline for defining the recommended floor space . Thus , companies can deviate from the standard calculation with no legal consequence . In this case , NeoAir used a 2.5 air change per hour for its calculation -- instead of 5 . In addition , this company customer service is somewhat lacking . They do not seem to know their products well when I contact them.Finally , even if you believe Neoair made a honest mistake , you have to wonder why you want to pay more for a weaker purifier . Let 's just take Whirlpool AP450 as a comparison again . Whirlpool AP450 is rated as the number ONE purifier by Consumer Reports . Neoair Plus is $ 300 and Whirlpool AP450 is $ 250 . Neoair Plus has a cleaning power of 200 CADR at best and Whirlpool has an averaged 315 CADR . Alternatively , you can get two Honeywell 50250 for the same price as Neoair Plus . So , here is another choice
 Sure , it 's a solid piece of cookware , but it 's a pain to keep clean . . stuff sticks to it like crazy . . and since it 's not a ` traditional ' cast iron pan -LRB- it has a coating on the inside -RRB- , it does n't seem to take to seasoning like a normal cast iron pan would . I definitely do not recommend this product unless you enjoy spending 30 minutes scrubbing it every time you use it .
 I got one of these for Christmas , and while I like cooking with it , it 's too much of a hassle to clean . . . not worth the effort . I cooked some chicken breasts in it a few nights ago , and the drippings that went in between the ribs will NOT come off . they are charred black , and I 've tried scraping , scrubbing , boiling water in it , using the `` Le Creuset enamel cleaner '' , all to no avail . Why this pan does not have a non-stick surface is beyond me . I 've been soaking and scrubbing this stupid thing for 3 days now , and it 's still got black residue at the bottom . And yes , I was cooking on medium heat . Do NOT waste your money on this pan .
 We 've had this set for three years now , and the outsides of the pan scratch up and stain when oil spills on them very easily and the silver metal parts on the inside that hold the handles on are impossible to really clean , and it seems now that some of the pans are losing their non-stickability ! Thess may be the best non stick pans on the market , but after talking to a few kitchen experts , all non stick pans eventually lose their non-stickability , so buy inexpensive non stick and spend your big bucks on the stainless stuff . Wish we had .
 I bought my Intermatic SS8C timer at LOWE 's -LRB- sorry , Amazon . -RRB- It was about 10 month ago . The first one I brought home was No OP in the beginning as soon as I put the battery in . I returned it and the second one worked fine for 10 months . I died eventually . No OP.I know it works mechanically -LRB- I heard gear noise and clicking sound whenever it switches . -RRB- I opened the back cover and tried to fix it.A tiny motor drives geartrain which actuates a microswitch . The switch itself is very reliable , but the motor was not strong enough . When the friction of geartrain increase , the motor can not drive the mechanism any more . So I lubricated the geartrain with high quality sythetic grease I have . When I put them back , it works . For two days so far so good.I have to stick with this model because I switch CFL lamps -LRB- small fluorecent lamp -RRB- for my porch . Electronic switch models can not turn on CFL but only handle incadescent lamp . Only mechanical switch models like this can do it . Therefore I will fix this timer if it fails again . I am sorry that no other manufactures are interested in this specific application . I think the interest will increase when more and more consumers want to use timer for CFL lamps .
 Lost mine to a No Op after just 6 months . The other reviews seem to suggest that this is a common problem . I will not be buying another .
 Reviewer H Won below -LRB- `` I fixed a No Op timer '' -RRB- mentioned that most electronic timers are not compatible with compact fluorescent light bulbs . Fortunately Aube Technologies -LRB- of Canada -RRB- does manufacture two electronic programmable timers compatible with CFL light bulbs
 Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me three -LRB- ! -RRB- times , shame on me . Terrible quality . Units simply fail -LRB- the dreaded `` No Op '' sign - those of you who have seen this know that means you get to rip the thing out of the wall again -RRB- in less than a year . This last one , my third , lasted three months . The heck with the one year warranty . I do not want another one in my house . This has to be the worst product I have ever purchased and I have never written a review like this . Do not buy this timer .
 The `` No Op '' failure problem is nothing new and has happened consistently with this and other Intermatic timers since 1998 . I have gone through 9 of the timers here in Colorado and also my previous house in Alaska . Fresh batteries do n't fix the problem , and the `` cold weather '' referred to in the manual can be as laughingly `` cold '' as +30 F. Normally the units work for 6 to 12 months and then they just seem to wear out.My solution has been to just go and pick up a new one at Lowe 's or Home Depot , swap it with the broken No Op old one , and take it back as a return for refund . It 's much more convenient than dealing with Intermatic and it also helps motivate Intermatic to fix the problem because it drives up the return rates .
 After a few months , I got ` No Op ' message and could n't even manually turn on/off my outdoor lights . This is my 2nd timer . Both died for the same reason and both did n't even last a year . The company Intermatic is continuously selling this product for years now and is still a piece of JUNK !!! Do n't waste your money on this product . I would n't waste money for ANY of their products since they do n't seem to care to fix it or stop selling such crap .
 This product is a lie . It 's a seductive piece of machinery -LRB- it knows sunrise and sunset times at various latitudes , to mention one feature -RRB- and on the surface it fits perfectly the needs of many people , including me . But it breaks so often that the company can not possibly be unaware of its amazingly low reliability , and it is surely immoral if not illegal to keep selling it -LRB- class action suit anybody ? -RRB- . I installed four of them and replaced two , not too mention the numerous times I had to pull out the battery to reset the device , and then reprogram it . Now I am just replacing them with regular switches as they die . I am down to two , so four out of six failed within a year . I do n't know why serious stores still carry them -- it damages their reputation too . Stay away , do n't let it seduce you .
 I too , must not my dissaproval with this product . I bought 3 right off the bat . They worked great for about 5-6 months . then the one on the back poarch light went `` NoOp '' I replaced it with another one . It went `` NoOp '' within a week . This morning , the one on my front poarch went `` NoOp '' . The only one left working is in the garage . It is just assinine to have this kind of product reliability . Why they created a perfect niche product with a bad design and cheap parts is beyond me . As others have pointed out , depending entirely on a 1.5 V battery when you have the AC power at your disposal seems shortsighted . I agree the battery is important , I do n't want to loose my clock and program settings everytime the power dies , but replace it with a small watch battery , used for backup power only . The switch does n't need to operate when the power is off . Also , using a mechanical switch is pretty dumb . This guarantees short product life , because the stupid thing depends on cheap plastic gears being able to switch the light on and off . They could have easily used a 120VAC relay to get the job done . Better product lifetime , quiter operation , and a smaller profile . They could probably make it flush with the wall . And the addition of a manual override switch would be a good idea as well , but not entirely needed if they built their product correctly . I guess I will take a look at less feature-rich devices , but hopefully some that work . Stay away . Help teach Intermic that they need to provide a quality device .
 Mine was reading `` NoOp '' within a week but still appearing to work , then read low battery -LRB- with the included new battery installed -RRB- , then after replacing battery , read `` NoOp '' again , and No Op-ing too.At what point do you pull a product that fails on most buyers ?
 Like everyone else who wrote the review my unit broke . First one lasted 6 months , returned and got a new one . Second one broke after 4 months . Is it me ... obviously not with all these other fine people having the same issue.There is an earlier review where someone has a fix . I tried it and it works , however , no individual should have to go that extra mile to circumvent a clear defect.Cheers
 It worked for a while then quit . It was great when it worked but it did n't last long at all . I tried several units , all of them failing .
 I have to say that I use Amazon reviews all the time for product purchasing decisions . This is the first time I used Amazon as a product repair guide !! As previous posters commented , taking a hammer to it -LRB- gently on all sides -RRB- did the trick ! We moved into a house with these timers already at Noop and no clue how to get them to work . A repairman doing some work at our house got it working -LRB- did n't tell us what he did -RRB- and it 's been ok for a few years . Then it started doing the No Op thing again . I could manually turn it on/off fine . Just a few days ago , the manual on/off stopped working . I took the handle of a screwdriver and tapped on all sides and then clicked ` on ' . . and voila ! We 'll see how long that lasts : -RRB-
 Same as others . I bought and replaced 3 units . All failed within 6 months . STAY AWAY .
 I got lucky with my first unit - it lasted almost a year . When it failed to work and only gave the No Op display , I figured it was a voltage spike or something and replaced it.The second unit lasted about 3 weeks . I returned it to the store I bought it from and tried a third unit . That one lasted about a month.I 've since replaced it with a motion sensor switch , which has worked perfectly for over two years .
 I have had 5 of these timers , all have failed . One lasted less than a year , the longest life was under 5 years .
 Timer stopped working after about a year in service , which is on the long side from what I 'm reading . Replaced battery , it worked once to turn on , now wont turn off . Will be looking for a different model .
 The functionality and usefulness of this product is amazing - for all 3 to 9 months that it works . I have three of them - one I replaced under warranty and two are currently `` No Op '' . Reliability is the only strike against the unit - I would rate the functionality a 5 . Unfortunately , functionality without function is useless .
 This is a slick device . Not all too expensive either . I put it in thinking I could save tons of electricity since we could make sure the light was always turned off at the right time . And it worked great , and people thought it was pretty cool . And I even installed another one at my mom 's house for her birthday . Hers broke within a month . She called and told me the light would never turn off . I thought it was a user error . I told her to replace the battery . It still did n't work , so I went to fix it and sure enough I could n't get it to work either.Well ... mine just crapped out too . Granted , mine lasted almost a year , so it was n't a total waste of money like hers was . But it has the same symptoms hers had
 like so many others i loved this product at first . then , after 3 months the display flashes `` noop '' or `` inop '' or something and you ca n't even use it as a manual switch . my porch light has been on for 2 weeks . checking the manual it basically says that if your screen says ` noop ' your switch is dead . calls to the company ? forget it . nice idea , even nicely implemented - build quality is a disaster . check out epinions.com for even more stories of `` noop '' or `` inop '' ! avoid this product .
 I feel like an idiot that I did n't check online until just now ! All this time I thought I had some sort of electrical wiring problem or severe voltage spikes or lightning strikes or something that kept killing these units ! I have gone through four of these pieces of garbage and was headed out to buy more before seeing these reviews ! WOW!My first two units lasted all of 7-8 months . The next two lasted 7-8 WEEKS . AVOID this unit.I 'm going to try to call the company to see if I can get them to replace this model with the newer one as mentioned below in a separate review . I 'm also going to investigate both the Swylite LST100 and Leviton 1122W as recommended in another review.Thanks to everyone who posted reviews to alert us to this known problem .
 This product looks great but be prepared to see `` inop '' on the display after a few months , at which time you wont be able to turn it on and off manually even . You ca n't contact the company electronically , they want you to send them snail mail or wait on hold during business hours on a toll phone number . Not recommended .
 Not only is the `` Astronomic '' model almost impossible to program , but after a few months I also got the `` No-Op '' message
 Same problem as others . Have had two units . Got the `` No op '' after about a year . Emailed Intermatic Customer Service . No response.HOWEVER , thanks to the reviews posted here , I was able to salvage my unit by beating the side of it . Tried a hammer first -LRB- per Archie -RRB- which did n't work , then tried a knife handle -LRB- per Robert -RRB- and it started working again!Hopefully this will give me enough time to figure out a better replacement .
 I 've just replaced the third one of these things in 3 years . Does Intermatic read any of these reviews !?! Does anyone have a suggestion for a replacement brand that 'll last more than 6 months ?
 Agree with other reviewers . Got `` no OP ' message , the company sent me another one , after a while it did the same . Do not buy !!
 I 'm sure that many will think this is the device they 're looking for ; it was created for a very specific need . However , mine went completely dead `` no0p '' within approximately three months . I had it installed by a professional , licensed electrician , so I know it was installed properly.Intermatic timers , a name renowned for automatic electric timers needs to go back to the drawing board on this one 's design . Of special concern to me is that many folks purchase this item to enhance the security of their home , and with this product 's miserable track record on reliability , it could be putting people 's home and property at risk.Intermatic seems to be willing to replace this item free of charge , however , I would recommend purchasing another brand of digital timer altogether until this model 's problems are resolved .
 I 've owned 3 of these timers in the past 3 years . 1st one worked for over a year & then I moved -LRB- no idea if it still works -RRB- . The next 2 worked for just over a year & both died within a week of each other -LRB- display reads `` No op , see manual '' -RRB- . I emailed customer support at www.intermatic.com & they were happy to send me a new timer . Only , the timer that they sent died with 2 days of installation . So , they went ahead & sent me 2 new timers for an updated model -LRB- EJ500 -RRB- . So far , they both have worked & have had them for about 2 months now . I 'm assuming that this happens often because I did n't even have to ask for a new timer , they just said they were sending a new one .
 I had the same experience as many other writers - it worked fine for a time , then one day I woke up to find the lights had n't turned off and a NO OP message to greet me . Out of frustration , I found that hitting the device on the side with a hammer would help the little motor inside get free to do its job , and the device would function fine for another few weeks or months.I contacted the company and they will send me a model EJ500 , which has a newer design , to replace it.The problems with this model are well documented here and at Epinions reviews . The company is apparently resigned to the fact that their product is poor , and is at least doing the stand-up thing of replacing them with no questions asked.They also indicated they are working on updating the design . Let 's hope it includes using an electronic switch instead of a mechanical one - after all , we are in the 21st century.The company , Intermatic , seems to have a foothold on the retail market , at least in the midwest . So , if you want an alternative brand , you 'll have to shop online . Here are two alternatives - Swylite LST100 and Leviton 1122W . Both have gotten good reviews and appear to use an electronic switch as opposed to the mechanical switch in this device.Recommended : No
 If you 're like me , you bought one or more of these Intermatic in-wall timers and they 're now dead -LRB- ahh !! -RRB- . You can spend a couple of hours reading about how horrible these timers are if you want ... there are plenty of folks -LRB- including me -RRB- who are extremely upset with the company and the product.I have a different suggestion . Buy another brand , install it , and do n't bother to do business with Intermatic again ... their lack of quality and failure to address a problem that 's been present for years will catch up with them soon enough.I 've done some poking around and just ordered two of these :[ ... -RSB- I 'm not affiliated with this company ... just want to save you some time in researching a good replacement for your broken timer -LRB- s -RRB- . If you scroll down the page a bit , they have a link to review customer comments for that Leviton timer and everyone seems to love it .
 Failed due to `` No Op '' in under 4 weeks .
 Do NOT buy this timer !! I purchased this Intermatic 7-Day Timer through a contractor , before I knew about the lower price at Amazon and Home Depot . . so I paid 50 dollars for this timer.After two months , I got the `` No OP '' Error on the screen display . In fact , this Intermatic timer would no longer even just work as a simple switch to turn the lights OFF . I was forced to unscrew three lightbulbs just to turn out the lights for a week until the contractor could come to disconnect this `` No OP '' garbage . -LSB- ... -RSB- Good Luck !
 These timers are a terrific idea but , as others have pointed out , seem to be notoriously unreliable . I have had two of them display the dreaded `` no op '' which no amount of resetting and battery changing has cured . One reviewer has criticized the device for working on a battery rather than line power . I believe this was done because most light switch boxes do n't have the second -LRB- white -RRB- wire needed for a 120 volt connection but have only the black `` switch leg '' . This makes the timer easy to install -- just replace the regular switch . Too bad Intermatic is damaging their reputation with this dog of a device .
 I was sold and the first one I bought was great . Lasted several months . The thing is not cheap , $ 25 on ebay and $ 30 at Home Depot , but I had to get 2 more for around the house . Now all 3 craped out with `` noop '' . Stay away .
 This is the ideal timer for outdoor lights , but unfortunately every one I have bought dies within a few months -LRB- NOOP on the LCD display -RRB- .
 I though it was just me but I 'm also a member of the `` NoOp , dead after a few months group . '' It 's too bad since it works great when it works but it goes dead after a few months -- every time . I 'm on my third Intermatic -- I guess I 'm more stubborn that the rest .
 Hey , Intermatic ... get a clue , will ya?I 've had the same `` noOp '' results with this timer after a short period of time as the other folks here . I installed one on our outdoor light switch and it worked great . For 6-7 months . Then , ` noOp . '' No amount of pushing the reset switch , battery changes , unconnecting and reconnecting would bring the timer back to life . So I called Intermatic and the person I spoke with told me that `` noOp '' is their word for dead but that the product is quite reliable so mine must have been defective . There was no offer to replace the unit and I had no proof of purchase.So I checked at all the local electrical supply stores and Home Depots for a switch timer made by another company , but the only ones sold in my area were -- you guessed it -- Intermatic . I then -LRB- foolishly -RRB- purchased another , installed it , it worked as well as the first one for six months and this one just died.Ya got me twice , Intermatic . There will not be a third noOp .
 UNlike several other reviewers I have had this product for about 4 + years & had been working fine until today . I got the dreaded `` noOp '' sign . I tried replacing the battery & resetting a few times & nothing worked . I was about to order a new one when I read the bad reviews . Then based on other reviewers comments tried tapping hard with a tool on all sides & sure enough it started working fine . Dont know how long it will work but this is a good enough temporary fix before you can find a replacement.This product does seem to have a poor reliability but you may have temporary fix before you find replacement .
 Another vote for the No Op problem . I tried the fix recommended by a previous reviewer , to no avail . This is the 2nd one that broke . Definitely not worth the value of the plastic it 's made of .
 I have two , and have replaced each one twice . Now I just sit and chew my nails , waiting for `` NoOp . '' This is really the most unreliable product I have ever purchased.I have n't called Intermatic , but I have sent several e-mails , and of course no response.Given the suggestion of a few that the new model is more reliable , I guess I 'll order that one and start the `` NoOp '' vigil . I think I 'll put `` NoOp '' on my tombstone .
 I 've owned two of these and they both broke after about 6 months . A total garbage product .
 Actually I had the E120C -LRB- 20 amps -RRB- and had a bit more luck than many of the others who posted comments . Ours was used to control a timed exhaust fan for indoor air quality . It lasted almost 3 years before failing to the `` No op '' status . Cumbersome to program . Intermatic success in mechanical timers certainly has not carried over to electronic controls . I will likely try to see if the ST01C is truly improved before going to the Leviton timer .
 I 've had a number of these timers . Like the other comments I find they do not last . Unlike the others mine seem to last an average of 3-4 years.Just found out there are other alternatives .
 I 've been through 2 of these already . Both got the same NoOp bug as all the other reviewers ' , and both within just a few months . Wish I had read the reviews first and saved my $ $ $ . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I have nothing more to add . Mine broke too.DON ' T BUY !!!
 Mine was dead for several months . I tried beating it with a knife handle and it came to life today . After all , what did I have to loose ? I 'm sure , however , it will die again . Next time I 'm gon na try waterboarding .
 I installed two of these switches and both stopped working within 8 months , this seems to be a common complaint in these reviews . I just changed over to the Aube 7-Day switch . I already have one of these in my house that a lighting guy installed when I got a bunch of fixtures installed and have had no problems with it . Also , the Aube mounts flush and has a cover for the buttons so it 's much less intrusive looking than the Intermatic .
 Third SS7 is now reading NO OP ... But Thanks to Archie hitting it with a hammer turned the lites on ... Ordered the Swylite on EBAY anyway ... Intermatic should include hitting it with a hammer in the instructions ... . Am going to try the hammer routine on my car first thing in the morning . . then my cellphone ... Thanks Archie
 I had the same problem as others shared on this board . I had one installed in 1998 that works fine . Purchased a second one six months ago and it is dead , `` No Op '' . I doubt I will buy another until Intermatic fixes the problem .
 I have purchased 7 of these . The first one I have purchased years ago still works . Of the remaining 6 -LRB- all purchased in the last 18 months -RRB- only two remain . The dreaded NO OP demon seems to visit every few months .
 I 've now been through five of these timers - had the same problem that everybody else has had - no op . The mechanical aspect of the switch is the cause . I 've no idea why Intermatic do n't get this resolved - nor why shops like Home Depot do n't stop stocking them . I can only guess that either the Home Depot does n't care , or not enough people are complaining.Don ' t buy this product - find something else
 Great product - while it worked . The battery died at about 6 months and I got a Non Op warning at the same time . I think Intermatic knows these things are going to fail regularly . The trouble-shooting section of the instruction manual states `` non op '' message either means the unit is cold or needs to be replaced .
 This product is crap . First one was replaced by hardware store within two weeks of installation . Now its NoOp after 4 months . Dont waster your time on this product ... very unreliable .
 I bought 6 of these timers last year at a local hardware store for my outside lighting and three went bad after just a few months so I replaced them and they went bad again . I thought it was my wiring but after reading the other reviews I now know . Shame on Intermatic -- An American company putting out inferior work -- they should take the high road and lead the way by producing the best timer in the world at a great price .
 My first of these switches lasted about a year , and was replaced by Intermatic . The second one lasted for a few months before getting the popular `` noop '' condition . Save your money and stay away.I replaced mine a few months ago with a Leviton LCD Timer from SmartHome . -LRB- Unfortunately it 's not sold on Amazon -RRB- The interface is simplistic , and you only get one daily program . But it WORKS !
 First one lasted almost 1 year . I bought another . Lasted only 4 months until it too is displaying NO OP ! This is a really good IDEA !!! But You take one good look inside and see the plastic gears to control the switch , It 's CHEAP . You 'd think they would just make a small relay circut to open and close it instead of trying to make the 1.5 volt battery open and close the Switch , Yes , the battery is needed to supply the computer inside since you would n't want the stupid thing to reset or have to reprogram it every time the power went out . I really enjoyed the first one since it lasted 1 year I actually went and bought another one Now I am taking them back to Home Depot since they are kind of spendy and I feel like I got screwed when I bought it the second time . I am sure the problem lies with in the cheap plastic gears that get jamed and no longer be able to open or close the switch . I tried to move the wheels but the problem remains .
 They 're a great idea that is VERY POORLY built . I 've had SEVERAL of these because I like the function of automatic lights for the front of my house . But I 've had at least 5 of them break within a year of purchase . I 'm done buying them and I 'm trying another brand now .
 I agree with all reviews . Bought one , got the No Op error after a few months , sent it back to Intermatic , they sent a new one , the No Op error returned , so I threw it away . I was at Home Depot last night and a lighting employee said that Intermatic is having a big problem with the programing and that they know about the malfuction , but have chosen not to do anything about it . He says that the No Op appears after 6 months for 50 % of all sold . Avoid like the plague .
 This timer has some nice features , like automatic sunrise/sunset time and DST conversion . There 's another undocumented feature
 I have had four units less than a year and have already had to replace two . My brother has even more and is is having to replace them regularly . They seem to have a bulky and cheezy motorized relay that is not very confidence inspiring when you hear it run . Based on our experience your chances are less than 50 % that a unit will last a year . If you really want to buy one of these , buy at a store close to your house since you 'll be making frequent visits to return these . You do n't want to have to keep mailing them back . As long as Home Depot keeps replacing them no cost , I 'll keep them going since they are a good product concept and I see no other alternatives to what these do . When Home Depot stops carrying/replacing them , I intend to get rid of them.If you value your time or sanity , try real hard to avoid this product .
 Read all other reviews , mine is no different . I have had 4 of these junky units , all of them failed in a year or less . My recommendation ... do not even think of purchasing this junk unless you like being frustrated.CC
 I must say I did n't notice the metal handle or I certainly would not have bought this pan . It was the ideal size , and I wanted a glass cover . But metal handles get hot , and are not acceptable . This handle is also very long , which is n't obvious in the picture.The glass dome lid is high and I would like it , except that its handle is made of some rough metal that is uncomfortable to pick up by hand.And also , there was no nylon spoon.I have other calphalon with good handles . I 'm going to send this one back and search for more like that . This kind of pan might look more `` professional '' , or whatever . But , unless you cook with potholders everywhere -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- , it 's just a pain .
 I 've always admired the Wilton Armetale products when I would see them in stores . They are very attractive so I was excited to get this griddle and try it out.Upon receiving it , I first did a little research on the types of metal used in the production of this piece . I was a little concerned with the use of aluminum which I try to avoid for health concerns . I decided to try it out despite my concerns because I figured this would be used occasionally and not daily.It fit right on 2 of my burners . I made a couple of grilled cheese sandwiches using plenty of butter . They stuck horribly to the griddle . It was quite a job to remove the stuck on food . This was just the bread itself sticking too and not cheese which is odd , I 've never had a problem with bread sticking to my pans , especially since I used butter . I also tried making saut&eacute;ed onions and peppers with plenty of oil . Again , horrible sticking and cleanup was a bear.I 've decided between the use of aluminum in the product and the sticking that I 'm going to use this as a large and very pretty trivet and tray . I 've found it nice to place on the table and set dishes on . I also sit it on my counter and place a lit candle on it.Pricey for just a tray or trivet but it is quite attractive . I recommend using an old-fashioned cast iron griddle . You ca n't beat them .
 Saw this on Vine , and thought I 'd get it to replace/supplement the workhorse griddle I 've been using for about 10 years now . It turns out this is a bit smaller than your standard pancake-type griddle -- about an inch or two narrower and shorter . That meant it did n't quite lay right on our cooktop -- the burners were just about at the edge of each end instead of comfortably in the middle.Don ' t get me wrong -- this griddle looks a thousand times better than my old workhorse with its ugly rubber-coated handles . But , as I had suspected , those ugly handles serve a very important purpose
 The grill cooks fine , but stains easily . Initially I used it to heat tortillas and make quesadillas . Wherever something burned , there are spots that can not be removed by soaking or scrubbing with brillo pads . Although the grill is still usable , it is not presentable and I can not take it from stove to table-top as the item description suggested .
 I am very disappointed in this grill . I followed the instructions carefully . I used the grill only one time the food stuck , and the grill wo n't come clean , a waste of money .
 I expected this tray to look like other pieces of Wilton Armetale I have . I does n't -- it 's gray , dull , and is not of uniform color . Maybe it is functional .
 I have tried using this griddle to prepare several different types of dishes , but I have yet to have a single dish that did not stick to the griddle and make a mess . And since you can only hand wash it , the mess is even more a problem to remove.As one of the other reviews said , this is better used as a serving dish or the keep food warm , I can not recommend this griddle as cookware .
 Gold-plated . Gold-plated ? Optical Cables DO NOT USE ELECTRICITY.Gold-plated . Hee hee!What phenominal ripoff artists these cables companies are becoming .
 The seat is far too small , the poles dig into the back of your legs . The decal is what you pay for on this item . Not worth it ! Cheap construction .
 I BOUGHT THIS QUEEN SIZED RAISED PREMIER AEROBED ABOUT 1-1/2 YRS AGO . IT HAS ONLY BEEN USED INDOORS ABOUT 5 TIMES -LRB- AS A GUEST BED -RRB- AND IS STORED IN A CLOSET . WHEN I INFLATED IT YESTERDAY IT APPARENTLY HAS A SLOW LEAK AND WOULD HAVE TO BE RE-INFLATED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT . THOUGH IT IS COMFORTABLE , I SURE EXPECTED MORE FROM A $ 250 BED !!
 This overpriced mattress is not as convenient as the commercials would have it . First of all you need a 2Xgh adapter and who has those in their homes to begin with ? Secondly , you have to oil the motor with lubricant because it is a fan based turbine engine and it overheats really easy so if you keep on deflating it and then inflating it you are going to have major problems . The best thing to do is just buy a plain mattress and put it on the floor , it is probably a lot more comfortable than this plus you can eat corn on the cob .
 This bed worked well until it started to leak , after about its tenth use . The design makes it difficult or impossible to find or fix a leak . I would not count on this bed lasting longer than one year . Four stars for function , one star for durability , no stars for fixability .
 The air release valve is a very poor design and is prone to breakage . When it breaks , the bed is not useable until you replace the valve which will run about $ 15 . Check the Aerobed FAQs for more info .
 We thought we 'd buy this to use as a guest bed for my inlaws when they visit 5-6 times a year . After the second use , it developed a slow leak , so that they wake up in the morning kinda sunk in the middle . I ca n't see how we are going to be able to figure out where the leak is . It is still somewhat useable , since you can reinflate it as it goes down and it does n't leak so much you are on the floor , but for $ 250 , I expected it to be much better.I should have spent the money on a futon instead .
 We have guests almost every weekend , so we have need for both single and double inflatable beds . We have purchased at least six single and three double Aerobeds over the last few years . Every one of them -LRB- except the last , which is only 3 months old -RRB- has developed slow leaks which can not be found , so can not be repaired . A guest goes to sleep on a fully inflated mattress , and wakes up in the middle of the night on a hard , or carpeted , floor ! The product clearly has a design flaw . They know about it , but ca n't or wo n't remedy the problem . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! -LRB- We are not sure how we will accommodate our guests in the future , but it 's just too expensive to keep buying Aerobeds . -RRB-
 Bought the raised pillowtop In Jan 2005 , 6 months later it sprung a leak at a welded seam around the pillowtop of bed . They did send me a replacement and it lasted about 8 months until it looked like a humpbacked whale -LRB- about 1 Ft higher in center of bed than edge -RRB- . They will not replace again because orginal purchase is over a year . The best they could do is give me free shipping on a $ 300 product that will not last a year NO THANKS , I can get free shipping at Amazon . Be aware that If you spend $ 300 for the best it will only last less than a year , so who knows about the cheaper ones . For me I will never own another Aerobed product .
 Used the queen size a number of times and was happy with its comfort . However , it died after less than a year and being used less than 20 times . The middle three cells on the bottom portion formed one large bump right in the middle of the bed . Soon after it sprung a leak . NOT WORTH THE PRICE !
 This thing works fine until it starts leaking . The leaking starts remarkably soon , especially considering the cost . After very careful use and storage , the mattress began slowly leaking immediately after the warranty expired . The leak seems to be in the valve within the motor . There are no punctures or tears on the surface or seams . Called customer service to discover that there is NO servicing this product 's motor or valves . No parts , No service !! If the motor fails or the valve fails - NO REPLACEMENT PARTS !! It was suggested that I throw it out and purchase another !!! In a world that is taxed beyond it 's capacity , you would think a company would manufacture a product that can be serviced instead of sitting in a landfill . The last thing a landfill needs is large sheets of non-degradeing , toxic PVC.Disposable products are immoral in this day.AVOID !
 If they would just come up with a design that did n't spring leaks , it would be a great product . I 've owned several over the last few years , and most end up leaking . Ironically , the leaks usually occur at the square impressions that are patterned over the surface , which are mostly for looks . These are created with a heat press , and the partial melting creates a weakness , leading to a leak .
 Unbelieveable cheap flimsy material . Can not read letters on sign from outside window . When Rubies the shipper sent box , they just put sign in box WITHOUT any type of packing material . It was beat to heck when I opened up the box , no wrapping material , foam - NOTHING . This was a gift for my son , and I was so sad I had to give his this gift in such poor and unexcusable condition .
 I was very disappointed with this when it arrived . I thought it would be better quality but it was n't . This is more for a Halloween prop than it is to be decoration . Its all cheap plastic and not worth the money .
 Sign was impossible to read , totally illegible due to laout of interior lighting . Very disappointed because I saw one at a haunted house and looked great . Will have to see where they got theirs .
 The sign was very cheaply made . When lit up you can see the bulbs on the inside poor desgn . Would be a good buy if it were led so it would stand out better and wouldnt be able to see the light bulbs .
 I purchased this prop three years ago at a Halloween store in Michigan , after seeing STOCK images of it online at various shops . Being a huge fan of `` Psycho , '' I thought it was absolutely ingenious ; and it is , until you plug it in and see that the manufacturing design of the prop leaves it almost * impossible * to read through a window in the dark . It literally looked like blue bulbs and a red blur in a sea of black plastic.Now , hanging inside on a wall , the prop is slightly more legible and somewhat usable -- but who wants it inside instead of in a window , like a REAL vacancy sign ? I opened mine up and tried to adjust the bulbs , even placing foil behind them to help with the reflection ; it made it barely legible in a window at night.Ultimately , this could have been one of the BEST Halloween props I 've ever seen , but the shoddy design makes it worth about $ 5 instead of the $ 25 + you usually see it priced at . A shame , really .
 I would n't have paid more then $ 5 for this item if I seen it before I paid for it . The plastic its made of is so cheap that my order was damaged when I received it and it was packaged well ???? I say you can do without it , its a waste of money . Wish I found a review before I bought it , oh well . Hope I help at least one person from wasting money .
 I was so excited when i opened the box and saw this sign . The retail packaging was just great , just like at the dollar stores , i knew i was in for a treat ! When i removed it from the plastic i noticed that the back was partially removed , surely because the manufacturer wanted me to see the wonderful engineering inside that makes this such an outstanding product . Then i realized that this was a `` do it yourself kit '' designed to teach and instill pride and confidence when you are finished assembling it . After several attempts i was able to get the wires alligned well enough so that the bulbs would stay in their intended holders , i felt that sense of pride and accomplishment . Now it was time to light it up and tremble in fear of this icon of horror ! I plugged it in , turned the switch and it blazed forth in it 's red and blue , the likes i had n't seen since my grandmother 's old Christmas tree . That 's when i knew that this would be the prop that would keep on giving!As you can probably tell , i was being sarcastic . I bought this out of curiosity and was n't expecting much , but this has to be one of the biggest pieces of crap props i have ever seen . The lighting inside is usually loose and not attached in it 's proper place , which requires you to rerout the wiring so that the bulbs will fit properly into the flimsy holders . These are the same bulb type as used to be used on old Christmas tree strands and are considered to be fire hazzards , because the burn so hot . Just the type of thing you want inside of a small box made out of flimsy plastic -LRB- you can tear it with your hands -RRB- and cardboard . I will tell you , this thing gets hotter than the Devil 's britches ! Do n't put this near anything flammable , and do n't leave it on unattended , you will be sorry . Do n't touch the front of it while it 's on unless you want to get burned.The only reason i gave this 2 stars and did n't return it is because i can work with it and make it better . I 'll tell you how . First , take out those Christmas lights and give them to someone you do n't like . Then buy some battery powered LED lights they sell them here on Amazon pretty cheap . Then install them around the interior and through the middle . Not only will the sign look better and be better lit , but it will be battery powered so you can put it anywhere . And because it runs cool it wo n't be a fire hazzard anymore . I would suggest that if you do n't want any grief and/or do n't plan to convert this sign so it it useable , then do n't buy it , it 's not worth the price , and it is certainly not worth the risk.Hope this was helpful fellow Amazoners !
 I bought this thinking it would be a great addition to my Halloween Decor . I was wrong ... dead wrong ! It is cheap plastic with overly bright lights that really are too hot for the sign . The bulbs are put in the wrongs spots to make it readable . I do not recommend you wasting your money on this . I wasted $ 28.00 with shipping . Please listen to me ... do n't waste your money . Not worth it .
 The plastic that this sign is made of is a plastic that can be torn if that gives any indication . Definately not even worth $ 5.00 let alone the huge amount paid for the sign . Going to request a refund .
 One corner of the packaging was crushed and the bottom was warped . All casters were broken too . Luckily my hubby is handy and after a trip to the hardware store , he got it together .
 Although these knives cut fairly well , I was surprised to see that they rusted after just a couple of washings . I actually hand washed them as I do all my knives and left them to air dry . I scrubbed them with a plastic scrub sponge , however it did not get off all the rust . I had thought that Chicago Cutlery was a good brand . I do realize that they were not that expensive , but I am disappointed in them .
 The knives looked good and are dishwashable . However , they are very dull and I am unable to sharpen them .
 I got this knife in a set and honestly I do n't like it at all . It seems to saw almost tear instead of cut , I believe the serrations are fare to pointed . When it comes time to sharpen you ca n't really even do that , your basically just sharpening the point of the serrations . Even when freshly sharpened the blade is vary thick which makes it hard to move though the food your cutting . On top of this , one side is totally flat making a straight cut in fibrous or dense things difficult because it wants to follows the arc of the side that 's curved.I could see it being vary useful if your carving up a kill in the woods , but not so much for efficient food prep .
 The knife dulls immediately . Knife could n't cut through meat , probaly only cood as a lettuce cutter . Knife began to rust after first use .
 Second order . Second set of gaskets that do n't fit my maker . It 's a ten ounce maker . One cup ? Two cups ? Three cups ? Nine cups ? What 's your guess ? The one cup gasket was way too small . The three cup was also too small . Maybe I should research what a cup of coffee is . Or moka . What 's a cup of moka ? And why would anyone think to themselves , `` hey , I 've got a four cup maker here ... . so I 'll order the three cup gasket '' ... . Maybe they 'll get lucky
 Um , review ? Ha ha . I bought this item over a month ago a d I still havnt received it . I 'd really like a cup of coffee sometime this year .
 Bought the new gaskets and was looking forward to moving on down the road with my Bialetti , but alas it was n't to be . Oddly , my pot just quit working . I switched back and forth with the old and new filter but the pot refuses to make coffee - other than a few tablespoons of it . What is the deal ?? nothing else has changed . I 'm flummoxed !
 The description says this is for a 1-cup maker , but the product that was sent is clearly marked as a 6-cup gasket set .
 Got this for my mom . She wanted to replace the seals on her one cup filter . The thing DOES NOT FIT . It 's too small . I see that I was not the only person who bought this product and did not get what was expected . Bah humbug !!
 At first I was pretty happy with the grater , but after a few days of use I started to notice that I was getting small shavings of metal as well as shredded cheese . I am no longer using it and would not recomend it to anyone .
 This grater really does not work as advertised . Harder cheeses take forever to grind and soft ones get stuck in the grating tube . Try a different grater - this one ai n't work the 20 bucks .
 Well , I 'm not terribly impressed with this metal rotary grater . Yes , it will grate cheese , but the gap between the drum and compartment that holds the cheese is a little over 1/4 of an inch . This allows for the cheese to get ` gummed ' up and eventually that large wad just falls through . Also , for harder cheeses this means you 're constanty picking out chunks of cheese that should have been grated.I 've yet to find a rotary grater I 'm happy with . I 've broken several plastic models within 2 days of owning them . While I 've yet to break this metal model , it just does n't perfrom very well . I 'm still using my stand-up grater .
 I bought this to replace my old Mouli grater which finally bit the dust . Big mistake . It is sturdy and reasonably well designed , but the grating surfaces barely work at all , or at least mine did n't . To get it to grate cheese takes a long time and a lot of muscle , so much so that you are likely to start wondering how badly you really want the grated cheese . I tried the grater drum on reasonably fresh Parmesan and later tried the shredder drum on Jarlsberg . Neither drum worked satisfactorily . That may be because it is made in China where hard western-style cheese is nearly unknown . Yeah I know it says MIU France but the box clearly says `` Made in China '' . I finally got so mad I threw it out in frustration .
 I got this to replace an original made-in-France circa 1988 metal Moulinex mouli-grater when I lost my favorite blade , the one with the biggest holes , meant for grating soft cheese such as cheddar or jack.This was the only all-metal rotary grater I could find with that size blade . The others all had the smaller-holed blade -LRB- meant for hard cheeses such as romano , locatelli and parmesan -RRB- and , sometimes , the slot-slicing blade.However , there is no comparison between this and my old mouli . This one does n't work on soft cheese , rendering it a pulpy mess , perhaps because the blades are not sharp enough -- and it does not work on hard cheese , which just gets stuck or goes ` round and ` round , again perhaps the blades are not sharp enough or hard enough to cut it . The ergonomics are terrible , and it is impossible to get sufficient leverage , especially if you have slender hands . The gratuitous latching mechanism on this -LRB- absent on the Moulinex -RRB- is more a hindrance than a help , as it does not in the least increase leverage but is a nuisance to open and close.Overall , this was a huge disappointment and big waste of money.If I had n't experienced the old Moulinex for a comparison , I would think that all rotary graters had such drawbacks , but that is simply not true . Unfortunately , it seems that the Moulinex mouli-graters are no longer being made , or at least not in metal , or at least not being imported into the U.S.Even at 20 years old , my mouli still grates circles around this thing when it comes to hard cheese . As for soft cheese , I 'm back to a flat-sided box grater.And meanwhile , I 'll just keep an eye on eBay for an authentic old French-made Moulinex with a big-holed blade .
 This grater has one major problem . It oozes cheese out of the base while you grate . Easy to clean , but I am going back to my box grater .
 Prouct requires a anti-slip grip . When applying pressure to grate a hard cheese the product does an inferior grate and hurts the hand due to amount of hand pressure required to grate cheese .
 The grater worked awful . It grates very slow and difficult to manage . I would not recommend this product at all .
 There 's no question this is a great vacuum . It will suck all the dust and grime out of your house and its especially great if you have multiple pets . The motor is quite powerful and the wide range of accessories makes cleaning the house rather easy.The problem is once you finish cleaning your house , its impossible to clean the vacuum properly . Empting the tank is somewhat difficult as there 's no spout to pout it out . The hole for the hose is badly positions meaning you can easily slop water all over the place . Then comes the problem that the tank is designed with ridges throught it to drop the dirt as it comes into the water . These make it impossible to get the tank entirely clean as it gets trapped , even with repeated washing . Then the tank is divided in two so that the motor can it on the tank , making it impossible to get in there and scrub the back half . There are also sharp corners where organic material gets trapped and start rotting . Even with hot bleach rinses , its going to stink after a while.It works great at cleaning your house but the product becomes too disgusting to use after a while . They should have made the tank easier to clean .
 This is not a good product to purchase . It has terrible suction and is very loud . When we tried to clean out the tank all the dirt stuck into the hard corners . I would not recommend this product . I returned the vacuum .
 I was very excited to get this vacuum and try it out , but sadly it was not as good as I had hoped . I have allergies and my mother has asthma , so we hoped this vacuum would do a good job of picking up dust and debris.It picks up surface dust but hardly any debris from carpets or rugs , and it does not do any deep cleaning . The attachment is not big or strong enough to do much . I suppose it might be good for hard floors . I had to put a lot of time , sweat , and effort when vacuuming with this machine because it took me so much longer to clean . Cleaning the tank or the brushes was no picnic either . Sorry , but had to return it .
 This vacuum turned out to be a real frustration . From day 1 it began falling apart , literally . The hose broke off the handle , the wheels popped off the bottom attachment , the spring on the push-button locking mechanism got stuck , and then some . The frustration was in the fact the vacuum actually works beautifully . It cleaned very well and despite the fact the water needed to be changed it was relatively painless . I called the manufacturer and they gleefully sent me all the new parts I requested with no hassle and free of charge . As soon as we used the new parts it all happened again . I just now threw the whole thing out in the trash and purchased a Miele .
 BAD DESIGN and FALSE ADVERTISEMENT.BAD DESIGN
 Bought this vacuum 9 months ago and use it usually once a week . The vacuum is terrible difficult to clean and if you have pet hair the beater bar is completely useless it did n't work after the third time . suction got worse the longer i had it and now its broke in under a year and warranty is only 90 days !!! the part that attaches the hose to the cannister has two little plastic tabs and they broke as i was vacumming the tile i didnt pull hard or anything just broke ! you cant avoiding taking the hose on and off as you have to clean the darn thing everytime you use it and that is the only way in and out of the tank . dont buy this unit it is terrible !!!
 I bought this vac about a year ago for a house with 2 kids and 2 dogs . Originally I thought it would be great for the kids wet spills , dog hair ect ... I will admit for the wet spills it was great but that 's about it . The design has many flaws . The 1st day I got this the side filter broke off ... I did n't want to pay the $ to return it but now i regret that decision . It spits water out the side when filled to the max line and blows hot air out that side . The arm on top that holds the water tank frequently falls down while in use leaving it open to be pulled of if you yank the hose ... thats a real mess . Then because of the design dirt and debris get stuck in the top corners and you practically need a high power pressure washer to get it out . Also It literally stinks after you use it and even if you clean it with bleach it still smells . The cord was put in a position wheren it frequently get stuck under the wheels & Finally the water tank cracked last week and IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO GET REPLACEMENT PARTS !! The manual gives you a website address -LRB- ... -RRB- but they dont sell this vac on thier own website nor do they sell the replacement parts ! GREAT HUH ? -LRB- But you CAN download the manual just in case you lost yours . -RRB- Not a good purchase on my part but now I read reviews on products BEFORE I make any purchases . I recently purchased the bissell zing off amazon for $ 50 and I love it - its small , lightweight and it really sucks !! -LRB- but in a good way lol ! -RRB- IF ANYONE NEEDS PARTS FOR THIER HYDRO PUR THEY ARE WELCOME TO MINE FOR CHEAP !
 IF I DID NOT THROW AWAY THE BOX , ETC. . I WOULD RETURN THIS . DO N'T SEE WHAT THE BIG HYPE IS ABOUT . MY UPRIGHT VACUUM PUTS THIS TO SHAME . IT DID NOT CLEAN MY CARPETS , OR MAKE THEM LOOK CLEAN .
 I brought this Vacuum and i was really excited about it!But as i test it , i was upset , because i missed thePower what the Vacuum actually should have , i ca n't see the1200-watt motor and it is not easy to operate and store the Vacuum.The 8-inch flexible hose and the nozzle is nice but you have not thepossibility on the Vacuum to store that.I 'm really thinking about to sent that Vacuum back and i would ` trecommend this Vacuum !!!
 I just got Box with the vacuum and parts but no owner manual and no instruction book -LRB- no warranty page too -RRB- , No idea what model of HEPA filter is it ... How do I discovered this ??? well , by goggling the Internet and find this video http://vzaar.com/videos/781395Not happy at all . : -LRB-
 This Vacuum cleaner worked very nicely until one day the pipe that conects to the hose from the handle broke and I have never been able to find the spare part anywhere . What seemed like a great deal ended up not being such .
 I purchased this item months ago from Amazon for the purpose of good health by getting away from containers that leach chemicals . Today I happened to clean my pitcher and noticed the cleaning cloth had black all over it . I cleaned and cleaned the pitcher -LRB- 4 times -RRB- and still black on the cleaning cloth , which now smells like metal . This pitcher is NOT polished on the inside and releases metal into everything you drink . I do not want to ingest metals . Very very disappointed . Will be contacting maker ASAP.After researching the company , MIU France , it turns out France has nothing to do with its manufacturing , its made in china by Xinhua Corp!If you bought one of these pitchers , use a paper towel and wipe the inside hard and you 'll see what I mean .
 item delivered on April 6th , return initiated on April 21stafter 1 chicken -LRB- only used to process chicken -RRB- , it did not cut properly the second one . At the third one , the blade no longer cuts , but tears/lacerates skin and meat . Poor quality knife .
 Got this knife 10 days back . All my excitement was extinguished the moment I tried to cut a few stuff the blade is dull and can not cut through meats its very average when it comes to vegetables . I have way cheaper knives which outperform this by a fair margin . truly dissaponted would never reccomend this product to anyone
 A month ago my last kid moved out and I bought myself a new set of Chicago Cutlery from Wal-mart . Finally ! I could actually own a set of knives that would n't be abused!For a month , I 've been the only person in the house . The knives have been hand-washed immediately after use . Most of the time they were immediately dried and put back in the drawer and a few times they were left to air-dry in the dish rack.They 're all covered with rust spots.Now cheap Farberware does n't do this and -LRB- I 'm ashamed to admit -RRB- our Farberware was ABUSED . In the dishwasher , taken outside and left in the dirt , left soaking in the sink overnight , left with water spots , etc. . And never a spot of rust . Paula Deen knives lasted longer with worse treatment than my new CC knives have endured.I 'm not terribly heartbroken as they were just a stop-gap until I can get a nice set for my birthday later in the year , but if you 're looking for something to last more than a few months , go to Farberware . They 're almost impossible to destroy.I 'm not commenting on CC 's pricier knives , but * this * particular line will develop rust spots very quickly .
 We own several older Chicago Cutlery knives and have been satisfied with them . So when we were looking for a modestly priced 8 '' chef 's knife , based on previous experience and the reviews , the Centurion looked like a good value . I am very disappointed with this knife . It was dull out of the package and could not successfully cut Swiss chard from our garden . I sharpened it , which improved its performance , but it could still not make a clean cut . I switched to a Henckels International Classic 6 '' utility knife , which cut the chard easily and cleanly . If I can return this knife , I will . Certainly , we will not buy from the Chicago Cutlery Centurion line again and will stick with Henckels or Wusthof .
 I recently purchased the glossy black camel back daybed w pop up trundle from Coaster Co. on Amazon.com The product arrived with only the black glossy frame and the pop up trundle . It had no link spring to put a mattress on to make it a daybed . From the picture , and the description of the product a consumer would believe that they were ordering a fully functioning daybed , and a pop up trundle . Oh contrar ! I immediately called AtHomeMart Customer Care Center , and Sara L. told me that Coaster Co. did not include the link spring with the daybed . It had to be ordered separately , even though it did not say that in the description of the product . To me that is ridiculous . Why would a customer want a daybed frame if it did n't include the middle section to put a matress on ? It would be like ordering a car without tires ! Sara L. AtHomeMart Customer Care Center worked very hard with the manufacturer to have them ship free the part , but I had to pay $ 50 for the linkspring itself in order to make the daybed functional . Sara was very professional , and helpful . I think this daybed has now been removed from Amazon.com , but I will never order any product manufactured by Coaster Furn . Co. again . Buyer Beware of this company . Not only was the product description misleading ; the quality of the daybed is very , very poorly constructed , and way overpriced for what you receive .
 I ordered this as a wedding gift for my cousin . When it came in , it was much smaller than expected and it had black goop on it that would n't come off . I immediately sent it back because it was so gross .
 It was tiny -LRB- ie wouldnt properly fit a regular sized champagne bottle -RRB- , looked cheap and wasnt worth the $ 50 + dollars they were charging . I am returning mine .
 I ordered this item almost a month ago and it never arrived ! I thought this would be perfect for a little get together I was having , alas , I had to scramble to make other arrangements . The seller never even bothered to contact me to let me know what was going on ! I emailed the seller last week and still have gotten NO reply . I am really disappointed and upset . This is no way to do business ! If this company charged my credit card and never shipped the item , I 'm going to be even more upset . I just submitted a claim and hope to get this issue resolved asap .
 I have never spent this much for a carafe in my life!Thinking if it cost this much it must keep your drinkhot ... NOT!Don ' t bother even wanting this for anything buta pretty conversation piece , because that 's all it 's goodfor ...
 We have been enjoying the Archipelago Havana , and Archipelago Stonehenge candles for some time . We had expectations that this Bergamot Tobacco candle would be up to par with our previous candles . The Bergamot Tobacco has very little scent compared to the others . It is more expensive and not near as good as we anticipated . I recommend the Archipelago Stonehenge to anyone who is looking for a terrific scented candle . The Havana is also very nice .
 This product is a wonderful piece of equipment to puree , strain , and mash fruits and vegetables . One problem , I had know knowledge of how to use . After many attempts to get instructions -- was told no instructions came with the foodmill , I finally figured out how to use . I will never purchase from ACE Hardware again . Customer service very rude and nasty .
 I bought this about a year and a half ago . I make blackberry jam and needed it to puree the berries and get some of the seeds out . It never did a very good job . It did n't put enough pressure on the fruit so I ended up with a good deal of waste . The second summer I used it the handle fell off -LRB- poorly soldered -RRB- . Then the knob on top came off and I could n't get it back on so ended up pitching the whole thing . It might be up to wimpy stuff like applesauce , but if you are a serious canner , find something stronger .
 I got one of these because it 's what my mother and grandmother used to make applesauce . Boy was I disappointed ! It did n't make it through one day of applesauce ! After the 44th quart , the bottom that holds the spring on broke , and the lips on the edge that fit over the pan are bent so they are almost horizontal . And it did n't perform well up to the 44th quart either ! It 's a lousy construction that does not efficiently push the food through , leading to extra grinding , and extra force , which takes extra time . If I could get my money back , I would . My mom then gave me her ancient one , and what a difference ! I 'm able to grind a batch of applesauce in half the time ! They do n't make them like they used to .
 My mom has a foley food mill that is 25 years old and works great . I wanted the same thing , but this is not . It looks the same , but they just do n't make it like they used to . The blade does n't line up will with the bottom , so the handle wobbles and you have to be very precise with your pressure when you turn the crank , or it gets stuck , and becomes difficult to turn . I used it to make applesauce , and it is very inefficient . It takes many more turns than the old one to push through the same amount of applesauce . Also , it says it 's made of stainless steel , but something black was dripping into my applesauce from the center of the food mill . I think it was some kind of metal or interaction with the apples . I had nothing in the food mill but apples cooked with water . We had to throw out the applesauce !
 I do n't usually do reviews , but this needs to be said . This product did n't last through more than a dozen times of use ... It never worked right from the beginning , but I did n't know it then . Finally the bottom broke apart . When I called Wearever they said there is NO warranty at all . Guess this will go in the trash and I will have to purchase a better food mill with a lifetime warranty ! Does not compare to the old original Foley 's of my grandmother and mothers time !!
 We bought this to replace an older Foley Food Mill that has seen better days . Unfortunately , this is nothing like the older product it replaced - although it looks the same . The product is very poorly made . Do n't get me wrong . It looks great - just does n't work . I do n't think the Chinese manufacturer that produced this really has any idea of the intended purpose . Shaft fit is very sloppy , which is the key to functionality on these . It is basically unusable . If you have previously owed a Foley Mill you will be sadly disappointed with this product . On the plus side , the seller did give a prompt refund .
 Years ago I bought a secondhand Foley food mill to make baby food for my daughter -LRB- who is now in her thirties -RRB- . It was a great tool , and I thought I would `` replace '' it for canning and processing fruit and berries . This product DOES NOT replace the authentic item . The item is wobbly , flexes out of round when you try to use it , scrapes the food around and around , but never pushes it through the grate . It is completely useless and I returned the one I bought within 24 hours . Extremely disappointing .
 This took forever , it did n't seperate a lot of the applesauce from the pulp , plus every so often it leaked black liquid into my applesauce and I had to scoop it out . So disapointing !
 I am very sorry I ordered this item in mid-July anticipating my fall needs , as now that I have had a chance to see how useless it is , the return window has closed . I am still considering returning it for the 50 % return , meaning I am willing to pay half the price of this food mill to be rid of it . You would do better trying to process fruit/veg with a couple of spoons .
 I have a Foley Food Mill I bought used over 35 years ago . It is stainless , with a traditional -LRB- i.e. , non-loop -RRB- handle -LRB- comfortable to hold -RRB- and , most important , is amazingly well constructed -- unlike today 's thin , tinny versions , which have been `` cheapened down . `` My ancient Foley has withstood my 35 years of use plus the previous owner 's untold years ' . You wo n't believe this , but I found it at a garage sale . Price
 I have a much older version of this Foley Food Mill which I use to process persimmons . The old one is not stainless and I always had a problem with the pulp around the bottom where the spring/nut is turning black . I decided to buy this one because it 's stainless steel and I thought that might make a difference , but a new problem came with this mill . The holes in the new one have a slight `` lip '' inside the mill . After you turn the handle a few times , those lips catch the skins and hold them and stops up the holes so very little pulp gets through . It 's ridiculous ! I tried it again this year thinking I was imagining it last year and literally had to get out the old mill and switch the persimmons over or waste them . The old mill has smooth holes and the pulp goes right through . I paid over $ 35 for the new one at a local hardware store , but this is going into a yard sale . Total waste of good money ! I think if the manufacturer smoothed out the holes it would be a nice product , but it has to function right . Perhaps it would work better with tomatoes , but I doubt it .
 Making tomato sauce , the handle fell off on the second day I used it . Reading the reviews , this has happened to others . It was just kind of pressed on to it , not even soldered or welded that I could see . The front hooks were constantly bending because the metal was too thin . It worked okay otherwise but with the handle falling off , it would n't sit on a pot so it was worthless . Foley might have made a great mill at one time but the ones they make now are junk .
 I inherited a 1 quart Foley from my Mom , but needed a larger one . I also thought that the old one was n't performing like it should have because it took a lot of work to process the food . I make lots of V-8 and applesauce , so the larger one appeared to be the one for me . After using it for the V-8 season , I must say I 'm disappointed . The construction is not near the quality of my older model . The metal that is used is of a lower quality than the older model . The paddle that mashes the food against the graters does n't contact the bottom of container all the way around the rotation . The pivot point appears to be `` out of wack '' . I 'm using the new one because of the volume , but finish the job with my old model to complete the process . Knowing what a great product it could have been , it 's a disappointment .
 My wife was very excited to receive this item for Christmas . She has used a 2.0 quart old version of it for the past 10 years to make applesauce . Three days into using it for squash soup and other holiday delights , she was raving about how well made it was , and that the heft and movements of the mill seemed built to last . This morning she discovered that one of the two prongs that hold the mill up on the lip of the bowl being used to receive the milled food had broken off . It appeared to have just let go . I turned the mill over and grasped the other prong between two fingers and my thumb , intending to see how rigid its attachment to the bowl was . It simply came off in my fingers . No twisting , no bending . . just a little torque to see if it moved at all . Needless to say we are hugely disappointed . I 'd like to speak to someone at the manufacturer as to why they would allow such a weak link to exist in an otherwise fine product , and to ask if they had a solution to suggest . Having already spent 20 minutes prowling the internet for a contact , I 've given up . Tomorrow I 'll drill two small holes in each tab , and fasten each to the bowl with two 1/8 '' x 1/4 '' machine bolts with lock washers and nuts . Clearly this is a failed purchase for us . .
 I have never written a review but -- BEWARE ! BEWARE ! BEWARE ! EXTREMELY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE -- RUDE . I purchased this food mill two seasons ago . Used it the first season for apple sauce and a couple of times for mashed potatoes . Used it maybe 4 x . It never worked right from the beginning . Noticed the handle was getting loose . Used it again this last October for applesauce and the handle was so loose it was rocking and then it broke apart . Upon inspection I found that on the bottom the handle is attached by three very thin and flimsy metal tabs which broke off . I realized that those little tabs could be in the applesauce I just canned up for my grand children . Had to throw away a freshly canned case of applesauce . I called Wearever and they were not very friendly , rude actually . I told them what happened and they said NO Warranty . Due to their rudeness I pressed the issue and told them the tabs in the applesauce is a liability to them . So they told me that they would send me a shipping label so I could return it to them so they could take a look at it . That was over a month ago . I will be contacting them again and again . I will never buy another product from this company again . Now I will have to spend another 30 $ to replace this . Hope I can find a better one.I do n't even want to give it a 1 star rating . It only rates a NO Star .
 I heard great things about the Foley food mills , not very expensive and work pretty good for a hand tool.Today was the first time I used it , I was making applesauce . After cooking the first batch of apples and placing them in the mill , it was difficult to get the apples pushed through the grate . I had to constantly take a spatula and push the apples down . I then started on the second half , and it got a little bit easier for some reason . Then it got a lot more wobblier . Then it started making a different noise . I dumped out what was left and turned it over to find that the bottom ring that holds the crank and paddle had simple popped out.It is not one piece , the bottom ring is simple crimped on to the bottom of the thin pan . Well apparently soft apples were no match for this light weight material . Anyone that sings praises of this tool must be using one that was handed down from their grandmother . Back when manufacturers actually cared about creating a quality product.Oh yeah , if you still want to buy this thing . Take it apart and wash the nut and bolt really good . Use a tooth brush on the threads . There is some sort of grease on the threads , so when I started the first batch it stated to drip black dots into my applesauce . Yum !!! Thank you Amazon for your wonderful return policy .
 I bought this several years ago and I 'm replacing it because it just does n't get the job done . Most of the food remains mashed inside instead of coming out the bottom , and it takes a lot of downward pressure to get anything out . The bottom adjustment knob with the spring is very hard to adjust and requires pliers to turn it . This food mill is one piece and does not have removable discs , so it 's one size only and very hard to clean .
 I used it to make apple sauce . First it leaked black grease from the middle bolt into the sauce , and it broke using it on soft apples . Horrible and disappointed .
 I bought this food mill to make apple sauce and it did a terrible job . It took forever and the spring kept falling off . After only 3 quarts of apple sauce it broke completely and is not useable . The good thing is the company who sold it is taking it back . I would definitely not buy this food mill .
 I used an `` old '' Foley food mill for years and when it finally wore out I was excited to replace it with this new stainless steel one . I have used it a few times and am very disappointed in its performance . It does not grind as close and so leaves a lot of residue behind that should be in the applesauce . I takes more elbow grease to try to complete the job . I hunted around and found another `` old '' one and am much happier with that than with the new one.Mirro 50025 Foley 3.5-Quart Stainless Steel Food Mill Cookware , Silver
 Borrowed this from my sister . I ran several gallons of persimmons through it , but I had to be very careful about pushing too hard or the little metal tabs that hook on the bowl bend . The tiny spot welds that hold these on are only good for a few bends , then they break off.Do yourself a favor and get one that is a little more expensive in the beginning , so you wo n't have to buy another one next year .
 it is really hard to detach the cap or top part from the body . You need to have a hammer to detach them . Not recommend to buy this.Is there any easy way to detach this kind of cocktail shaker ?
 I received mine and it was immediately 3 lbs off . It has never been accurate .
 This is the worst scale I have ever purchased . I purchased it because of the large numbers . The scale never corrected its weight once you got on it no matter how many times I tried to get an improved reading . I would have to wait until the next day to get a new reading . The scale was also very loose - in other words , when I lifted it up or down , the scale would wiggle a lot and become noisy when I put it down . I thought it was broken but could n't find anything wrong with it . I was greatly disappointed in it . The next scale I purchase will have to be a mechanical one where I can see the weight dial move back and forth . I am a small person who weighs no more than 103 pounds and this scale would always say 190.60 pounds or 153.40 pounds or 180.90 pounds . I knew the scale was off immediately ; I purchased new batteries several times thinking this was the problem but it was n't . I threw it out with the trash as I feel that this scale was very defective and I wo n't buy another one of this sort . I am going back to the old fashion ones where I can see the scale dial actually move in front of me ; thereby , giving me a more accurate weight . It 's too bad I wasted my money on this scale because it had an attractive look to it .
 OK -- I bought these because of the amazing reviews these were getting . Boy , am I disappointed . These did n't just break ... they actually fell apart in my wife 's hands . My wife was n't doing anything particularly interesting with them when they fell apart . I do n't think this would be so disappointing if they did n't fall apart within the first day of getting these . Get some Fiskars .
 I bought three of these when I saw them in a local store , thinking them a great deal . They LOOK like the equivalent of the Henckels , solid and sturdy , at one-fifth the price . -LRB- At that time they only cost $ 5.69 each . -RRB- Looks can be deceiving.They are suitable for paper , skin , aluminum foil , etc. , but do not try them on anything more substantial , like chicken leg bones . I broke these on items that I routinely cut through with my Henckels and Wusthof shears . The cost of sending them back under warranty was about the purchase cost , so I tossed out all three pairs.Sorry , Chicago Cutlery , but if you are selling office scissors , label them that way . I expect kitchen shears to be a LOT tougher . I ca n't mark these more than one star . Chicago Cutlery makes a pair of scissors called the Insignia series , for only about $ 2-3 more . I suggest potential buyers look into these , or spring for the more expensive German brands .
 The lid is welded on at an angle so it does n't fit quite right . Just not impressed with the quality .
 I purchased this lunchbox under the impression that THIS would be the one that was sent . My daughter picked it out herself for her first day of Kindergarten . Luckily , she is ok with the one that was sent -LRB- as it is still a Barbie themed one -RRB- . We do n't have time to run around and shop for a new one locally as she is starting school in another 2 days . Seriously though , you should be able to get what is pictured ! It 's not like it says `` random selection '' or something like that . Ridiculous . Amazon needs to consider all sellers that they are using , because this has happened far to many times in the years I 've been purchasing from them .
 The picture looked good . It was exactly what I needed . However I never received it!The reason is that the shipping packaging was so poor , the package fell apart during shipping and was never delivered . Not just once , but 3 times in a row!After each instance of tracking the shipment through FedEx , the reason for return was `` Damaged product during shipment , returned to origin '' . I talked with Amazon , canceled the order and re-ordered . The same thing happened 3 times - damaged during shipment.This was NOT a FedEx problem . The company who ships this item uses very sub-standard packaging.I would try a 4th time to re-order , but not until I receive something from the `` Company '' -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- that their packaging methods have improved.Amazon did everything to help me in this matter , and I applaud them for their efforts .
 Well-made product , but bulky ; and It 's described as having 18 hooks -- big lie !! Total of SEVEN hooks , for $ 33 . Way too expensive for what it is .
 I needed 2 wine glasses that matched the 2 I had broken . They arrived in good condition , but upon inspection , I realized that these were seconds , not perfect new glasses . They wobble since the bases are slightly warped , and one has a chip on the rim that has been polished so it 's not sharp . The price was right , but the quality was something to be desired .
 The packaging was very poor and so the product was damaged in route . The concern of the customer service people was also very poor . They basically stated take the extreemly heavy boxes back to the post office -LRB- the Post Office said they would not take them as they were to heavy -RRB- and ship them back . After they arrive we will send you new product.A real hassel so we did what we could to have them repaired . Suggest everyone else buy from a local store .
 The box was water logged when I received them so when I opened up the boards were a little warped . Other than that the boards were exactly what I ordered .
 These shelves came all dinged up . They were mainly dinged up on the ends , but luckily the carpenter needed to shorten them a few inches to fit in the closet , otherwise we would have had to return them , they were really bad . We ordered about 10 of these 2 packs and ALL of them were damaged upon arrival and it did not appear to be due to delivery abuse .
 Its fine ; though a board + a few hooks + some rope would have been cheaper and stronger and just as easy to set up . The only advantage this offers over that solution is that the 5 lines auto-furl up into the metal shroud . So if you 're retracting it all the time , might be worth it ; though its a bit of a PITA getting the tension right on all 5 lines each retraction/re-deployment . I recommend hooks and rope .
 Someone needs to build a better version of this retractable clothesline . It worked well for two years , then the small plastic knob that allows you to tension the line broke . I thought it was just our unit , but coming back to Amazon to buy a replacement unit I noticed 11 other reviews where the same part broke . As others have said , there is no way to repair it and no way to get a replacement part . It 's maddening . For the cost , it 's not worth the risk . What a shame . Seriously , there must be a US manufacturer out there that will build a better version that stretches to 34 ' . That 's what you need to handle a family size wash with the new larger capacity washers .
 I recieved the item pretty quick , very handy and it worked like a charm for about three weeks , the knob that locks the spindle , that keep the spool piece from retracting any more stripped out . Now , when you hang clothes on it , they wind up on the ground . I have notified the only e-mail address I got from Amazon and have n't recieved any response , If they treat me right on this I 'll write in a positive review . I want to be pleased with this product .
 I was so excited to get a clotheline again . This was the only option that would work with my yard . It broke on the second use.I am so disappointed ! Not nearly worth the money . The line retracts into a jumbled mess.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME with this .
 After only occasional use the large tensioning-knob coupling to the take-up drum broke . As a result the right end of the drum no longer remains centered in the aluminum cover . The drum flops around , scrapes on the aluminum cover , and eventually jams . Big disappointment .
 Wo n't mount or stay mounted on the wall . The lines do n't stay taut . Throwing it out . Waste of money and very aggravating .
 I have only owned this for about a year and I 've had nothing but problems with it . First the bracket that holds the line once it 's pulled out is so flimsy the bolts holding it went right through the holes . After a couple of `` cobbling '' attempts I finally got it secured with zip ties . Then , not long after , the plastic bracket piece on the main unit , totally broke and is not repairable . In between all this , when it would stay secured , I 'd have to methodically place the clothes with an even balance.I would not recommend this item to anyone ! A total waste of money .
 Initially , I fell in love with this clothesline as it has 5 retractable lines . However , today was its last day of operation . There is a locking mechanism that locks the 5 lines in place at whatever length you install the unit at . This -LRB- plastic !! -RRB- locking mechanism broke today when I hung my regular load of laundry out to dry and will no longer hold the lines . Very disappointed . Of course , the return period has ended . Perhaps there is a replacement part ???
 Poor quality , plastic brackets , April 3 , 2009By Susan Young -LRB- DENVER , CO United States -RRB- - See all my reviewsThis clothesline lasted less than one month . The idea of the design is great , but the stress points need to be metal . For some reason , the brackets that hold a huge amount of weight are plastic , and the only metal is the handle and the attaching bracket on the opposing end . We loved it for 3 weeks until the plastic brackets snapped apart in a 5mph breeze and my brand new white sheets were impaled around a rose bush.The only part of the line remaining attached to a structure was the opposing metal bracket with metal handle . I would have gladly spent more dollars for a better product . Now I am on the search again ! The company would have replaced the clothesline for me , but why ? The clothesline is just going to repeat failure unless the quality is improved .
 I concur with the person who says this dryer is a sad waste of money . I have owned 2 so far and they break almost immediately ! The plastic knob on the side goes and the line can no longer be retracted . I think it might work fine if you were looking for a permanent clothes line -- but then why pay that much money ? I wish there were another manufacturer who made one that worked !
 I order two of these clotheslines - one for myself and the other for my daughter . Installed the first without issue . Found the second one badly damaged after opening the box . Reported it to the company and was told a replacement would be shipped immediately `` that afternoon '' and I would receive a return label for the damaged unit . Called back the following day for the tracking number for my replacement unit ; had not been shipped . A couple of days later while looking at the box of the damaged unit , I found shipping labels where the unit had previously been shipped to a customer and returned to the company because of the damage . I then called again for the new tracking number ; and was again told it had not been shipped . I then told the service rep that Home and Beyond had knowingly shipping me a damaged unit . I questioned if there were any units in stock and was finally given an honest answer - no . I requested a refund and was told my account would immediately be credited , which it has not . I 'm still holding on to the damaged unit until I receive my credit or a new unit.As far as the clothesline itself , we have yet to use it enough to provide a full review . It does not appear to be as sturdy as a similar clothesline we had several years ago .
 The installation of this product stinks . I worked over 4 hours trying to install it from a level play structure to an existing clothes line post . It kept popping out of the hook and would not stay in place . It may work well IF you are using it inside with straight , level , even walls and floor . Outside installation can NOT be in any area that is not prefectly even , straight and level otherwise the line bar will NOT stay in the hook provided with unit . It will retrack back and can cause injury.Whitney Design 15-7 5-Line Indoor/Outdoor Retractable Clothes Dryer
 This Item broke on the first try . The Problem
 This is at least my third one I have purchased and I will say the quality has gone down . The lines wo n't tigthen up either when I am hanging clothes on them and also when I am rewinding it up . Not happy with the product .
 I bought one of these back in June 2006 - my drying area is over a patio , so permanent line installation is impractical , and retractable is the only functional option . That first unit -LRB- # 1 -RRB- was broken upon arrival . We contacted Amazon and they replaced it . The next unit -LRB- # 2 -RRB- actually got installed in September 2006 , but failed at the tensioning knob in August 2009 . My husband at the time cobbled together a metal replacement out of some spare bits and pieces and a nail . That worked , so I continued to use it as long as I could . In August 2011 something in the ratcheting mechanism failed completely , so I replaced it -LRB- no longer being married to someone willing to fix it -RRB- . That unit -LRB- # 3 -RRB- also failed at the tensioning knob in May 2012 , but being less than a year old , Household Essentials sent us a new one . That unit -LRB- # 4 -RRB- failed to maintain tension right out of the box . Keep in mind , I 've used this product for over 6 years , I know how it should work . We informed the Household Essentials and they sent us yet another unit -LRB- # 5 -RRB- which also refuses to hold tension straight out of the box . That means we 're headed for unit # 6 ! ALL five of the units I 've received -LRB- and remember , I 've only paid for 2 -RRB- have had plastic failures during shipping or at the tensioning knob . Perhaps their profit margins would be better if they were n't shipping 3 units for every order ?! If anyone knows of an alternate manufacturer for a multi-line retractable clothesline , please let me know!Update - Hills brand retractable clotheslines -LRB- made by an Aussie company -RRB- have a 10yr guarantee , and they even sell spare parts . Initial cost is double , but at 10 times the use , it 's worth it . Now to measure my patio and see if the shorter 21 ' length will work .
 The plastic brackets & knobs need to be replaced with metal . Direct sunlight would make the plastic parts either melt or become brittle & crack/break making the unit useless . Great concept/design but POOR durability & substandard materials used . NOT RECOMMENDED !!!
 Only had this a few weeks and the knob to tighten the line already broke . I do NOT recommend buying this product as you will be wasting your money ! I ca n't track down the seller and I am NOT going to get just a partial refund from Amazon -LRB- plus pay shipping -RRB- for a defective item that has already broken . Next time I will shop locally so I can return a bad product .
 My husband had done a lot of research and thought he would surprise me and get this clothesline . I had be asking for one for some time . On a whole the clothes line is great but that one thing ... the darn plastic knob that broke before we even had the opportunity to use it . My husband had set it up , secured the main unit to the wall of house -LRB- the only choice we had -RRB- and tighter the lines and SNAP ... the knob broke off . The thought of taking the clothesline off -LRB- leaving holes in the stucco of the house -RRB- and the added issue was our mistake - we did not keep the box . Calling around it would have costs us $ 10 for a box plus just the hassle of returning . Why is it so difficult to get decent quality nowadays ? It was our choice just to keep the clothesline and see if we can work around the broken part . Kinda wished I would have seen the reviews before we purchased .
 The brackets to attach this product to home , garage , post , etc are plastic and lasted less than 1 month . For $ 50 I assumed this would be a lot better quality . Do not buy this product if you plan to use more than 3 of the 5 lines for laundry . It may seem like a lot of drying space with 5 lines but the plastic bracket can hardly handle 1/2 the lines used before it broke off the wall .
 We have utilized 2 of these units in the last 3 years ... why ? They both were susceptible to plastic failure . The maker should use metal at the stress point , that being the line tension adjustment screw on the left side . Worked well for a couple of weeks then when the lines started to sag , the tension was adjusted and the plastic broke rendering the unit useless . *** PLEASE DO NOT BUY *** A waste of your money !
 The Cloths line worked reasonably well for the first few months , but then the plastic knob on the left side broke and , apparently , can not be replaced . The piece is actually a ratcheting lock that keeps the line tensioned . Without it the line will just sag and is useless . As stated above , this part should not be plastic.I went to the company website `` Whitney Design '' and there is n't even a link for support or parts ; check it out . That 's a question I should have asked before paying $ 55 for this ; `` Does the company support what they sell ? `` I would not buy this product again .
 I bought my clothes line in August 2006 and the one in the box was broken . We replaced it and now it is June 2007 and I need to replace it again . The locking knob on the side is not built to last and is broken again . That is the reason we had to replace the first one . I live in the Midwest so I do not use my clothes line all year and it has not had enough use to be replaced . I highly recommend using a clothes line just not one with built in obsolescence .
 We have utilized 2 of these units in the past 3 years . Each one was susceptible to the same fault , the locking screw will work , but the plastic that attaches the screw to the line holder breaks off leaving no tension on the lines for the clothes to hang . Kind of hard to explain but I would n't buy another . The company could provide a better construction material or method of construction , mabye using METAL that wo n't break ! *** DO NOT BUY ***
 THIS IS A - Star -LRB- negative -RRB- as it wo n't let me have no stars at all.This is the worst product ever , it came with some plastic parts that just melted with the sun , there is one screw that lock and unlock the wires that thing is plastic and melted after the 2nd day of installed , the dryer was not directly exposed to the sun -LRB- it was under a shadow -RRB- and melted anyway , do n't waste your money as I did , buy something else .
 5-Line Retractable Clothes DryerHousehold Essentials 3-Piece Clothesline Post Designed for the Household Essential 15 by 7-Inch Retractable DryerBought test two items together and thought it would work well for my back yard . I put the retractable clothes dryer on the side of the house and put the pole about 34ft away . But once we put the clothes on the line -LRB- after locking the lines in place as instructed -RRB- the lines severely drooped and some of the clothes were even touching the ground . Also the clothes in the middle did not dry as well as the clothes on the outside , the lines should be further apart . Also after having some clothes on there the pole also was starting to bend . We did n't put everything up in time and our 30 day return period is over . I would recommend this to a friend , the lines need to be more heave duty , this product in kind of `` wimpy '' for hanging clothes 34ft away .
 Not a very good idea unless you are six feet tall . You have to tighten the lines with each use and I have to carry a stool outside to do this . Also , even after tightening the lines , they still droop . If you want a clothesline , get two sturdy posts and stretch a wire !
 Even though this is a review section for the King size , I purchased the Queen mattress with the 12 '' foam and 5 '' pillowtop in March of 2010 which appears to no longer be available and so when attempting to leave a review now , it 's directing me here . Hopefully you 'll be better off with the 13 '' and 5.5 '' pillowtop . That said ... When my mattress first arrived , it smelled really strong . We aired it out for over a week , could n't wait any longer and in addition to putting sheets on it , we also laid down 2 blankets under us to insulate us from the strong fumes . After about a month the worst of the fumes were gone , it was probably almost 2 months before the smell was completely gone . The people reviewing similar beds and also saying that they were sleeping on it within just a few days - either they 're olfactory senses are dead from a lifetime of inhaling toxicity , or the manufacturing process is inconsistent , which would not speak well for the product itself.For about 8-9 months , the mattress was great . In early 2011 , my side of the mattress started to kind of cave in . The foam has become really soft , and I sink in too deep into the mattress , so much so that the middle of the bed is still firm , and so it 's created a slope in addition to how mushy my side of the bed has become , and so I wake up sometimes during the night because of how uncomfortable I 've become and so my back starts to hurt mildly . For some reason , my wife 's side of the bed is still good . I am not a huge , obese person so , I 'm not really understanding how this could happen . I want to return it , but the shipping is probably going to be prohibitive , and so I 'm not sure what I can do at this point . I can no longer sleep in , it 's a pointless endeavor . I feel like I threw $ 650 down the drain , or maybe only $ 325 , seeing as my wife 's half of the mattress is still good : - /
 I was happy first as i received the mattress , very fast shipment , great communication with the seller . But unfortunately this mattress was n't the best choice for my back as it gets softer after couple of days of sleeping on it , even that I weight 159lb , its still going deeper and deeper . To return it , not so easy , once you unpacked it from vacuum sealed bag , you will never get the same thin shape of it , to send it back will cost you the price of the mattress .
 do n't do it . this bed felt like I was sleeping on a lump of clay , not a bed of clouds .
 I have a 9-year old mattress that 's around 9 '' thick , topped with a 3 '' memory foam topper . I bought this mattress pad because it was advertised as fittign up to 17 '' mattress . This is a crock . Every morning I have to re-seat the corners of the pad because they 've slipped out from the bottom of the mattress just due to normal tossing and turning at night . Putting the thing on after a washing is a struggle , and there 's always at least one corner ready to pop loose.This pad is cheap for a reason . Shop elsewhere if you have an extra-thick mattress and need a pad that will fit it well .
 While this looks to be a good quality product , this pad does not fit our mattress . According to Amazon.com , this pad will fit mattresses up to 17 '' deep . It wo n't . In fact , the packaging claims only to fit `` any mattress up to 15 inches '' deep .
 The only reason this thing costs $ 20 is because it 's a brand name and they use catchy buzz words like `` 200tc '' and other worthless phrases designed to make you feel like you 've made a good purchase.Here 's what you do n't get . A quality mattress pad that you wo n't have to replace next year.Aside from the cheap cotton top , this thing is made of the same material as the disposable shorts you get before an x-ray . I sent this POS right back where it came from because I want a mattress pad that lasts a while . Not one that will fall apart after a couple of washes .
 This lunch box was exactly what I was looking for but I was dissapointed when I opened it and it smelled of cigarettes . It smells so bad I will probably return it . I ca n't imagine putting my daughter 's food in it.I 've bought many things from Amazon including another lunch box and this has never happened before .
 Dull colors . does n't shine under blacklight ... I threw it away after buying it ... because the paper was so thin I accidently ripped it while opening it ... bad poster .
 I know it was cheap , and I received it on time , but the paper is lightweight and though it was advertised as a black light poster , it shows little fluorescence under black light .
 I expected the item shown , instead I got the regular looking ones , that instead of having 3 things sticking out on the sides , it had 5 . It also had about 3 scratches that looked like it could have been glued together . I bought this for about $ 9 and it was the same as one I could 've bought for $ 5 , and used.I would 've returned it , but i was desperate . The picture of the blender part looks more durable than the other cheaper-priced ones , but it 's not.not too happy .
 Like the Oster blender caps sold by everyone else , these are no longer the heavy duty ones pictured . They are now much thinner and cheesier . They work , but do n't last long in my experience .
 While the picture and the description were a perfect match for the replacement part I needed , it turned out to be a horribly cheap plastic piece of junk . It did n't last two weeks .
 This product would be very cool if it were n't junk . I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift and he loved it . Within a week it was n't working , speakers went . Amazon was awful with trying to get the chair picked up , returns are difficult with something of this size . We exchanged it for another which never worked at all . The chair itself is very fun but I do not advise buying from amazon , as I had to call -LRB- email does not work if you have actual problems -RRB- and go to ridiculous lengths to get it picked up -LRB- took a month -RRB- . They also tried to charge me a re-stock fee for damaged merchandise -- NOT worth the trouble .
 This poster has a large white border -LRB- approximately 6 inches -RRB- around the entire poster . The printed portion is more like 18 x 24 . Disappointing .
 I bought this mirror because it was just like the one I had had for 10 years . Unfortunately the bulb in the old one died and it was not replaceable like the newer ones . So ... I ordered this one from Amazon . It came and I used it , but after a few weeks the light went out and would not come back on . And , unfortunately , I did not return it right away as I left on a long trip out of the country . I returned home on October 16 , and due to getting settled again , I did not return it by the cut-off date which was Oct. 22 . So now , I am stuck with a non-working lamp . I am not going to return it at my expense and then get a partial refund , as I am sure that shipping would eat up the refund . So , my word on this , is do n't buy this mirror ... you may be out $ 50 . It apparently is a good chance it wo n't work anyway , according to the other reviews .
 This makeup mirror looks good but it does not last . In one year , mine rusted and the base fell off although I took care to keep it dry and clean . Replacing the bulb made me say many bad words . I would give it no stars if I could .
 Nice looking mirror . Great glass . Magnification works great . I purchased this Nov 20th 2012 as of 2/8/2013 it will not come on . Ca n't return it . I do n't want to buy a new bulb only to find out that it is n't the bulb it is the switch or a broken wire . Frankly I think a switch or wire in more likely the problem . Florescent bulbs last many years . I do n't normally write reviews but this item is on the fence and it seems recent productions are of inferior quality .
 This is the first time that I have ever ordered anything and felt the need to review it . Let me start by saying that I have only been using this coffee pot for about two months and today the poorly-attached handle came off in my hands . There are many other complaints . It is a lot smaller than they advertise . Unscrewing the bottom takes an unbelievable amount of effort . Be careful while cleaning the pot . It is possible to cut yourself on the poorly finished metal . I really thought I was purchasing one of the higher-end stainless steel products , foolish me .
 First shipment received the door was broken off . Second shipment - after a couple weeks the temperatur rose to 60 . I found ice covering the air intake and disconnected . afte a day it worked properly again . A month later it stopped working completely . In speaking with Amazon service - they indicated this model had more problems than it should have . Bear in mind if you purchase , you can not adjust the internal temperature . The LED display simply tells you what it is at any given time .
 Had mine for about eight years . Sounds like a long time , but I can practically count the number of times I used this . Ultimately it was mushrooms that did this in ; first one wire came out then another .
 I thought this was a great concept - until I tried to make wedges . There is a good reason the real wedge cutters have long handles
 HORRIBLE is the best way to describe this . It is heavy duty feeling , heavy weight specifically , but is impossible to clean . I only used it on boiled eggs and can not get all the egg out of all the nooks and crannies even with a toothpick . If the store wo n't take it back into the trash it goes . I gave it one star only because I was forced to ... ZERO stars is more appropriate !
 This product is poorly designed . It appears to be very sturdy but soon broke . The case itself is very heavy but the cutiing wires are flimsy and quickly broke . Mow I am left with a very sturdy , inoperable tool . You should sell replacement wires !
 Do n't buy this . Wire snapped in three months light use.Looks sturdy do n't be fooled.One good thing is dual slicing modes .
 The first set arrived with the handle attached to the one cup measuring cup crooked . When you held the handle the cup was tilted and not level . The set was returned as `` defective '' and a replacement ordered.The replacement set had the handle on the one cup attached also at an angle.The measuring cups have the handles spot welded to the bowls and are therefore not `` one piece '' as advertised.For the price , this might be `` good enough '' but for me it lacked quality control and was not acceptable .
 When I open it , I start to feel disappointed . Some unknown black oil remains on two cups and all handles . I guess the black oil is used for stainless polishing . It is ok to wipe clean the black oil . Then , I found welding brown-flat spots inside all cups surface . It does n't look nice but still acceptable . Finally , I found the 1-cup edge is uneven with poor finishing . Maybe it is just an defective item . However , till I see the words , `` made in China '' , with the unknown black oil in my hand , I feel more disappointed .
 Like many other reviewers found the handles to be nothing but junk . First time using the one cup measure the handle bent over just from the weight from the flour I was measuring . For the price there are better options out there .
 They came with this greasy coating , which is no big deal just washed it off ... but the handles are just crappy . The one cup handle bends when carrying one cup of sugar ?! I doubt they will last long . The spoons are fine though .
 I did n't even bother to sent it back . I just tossed it in the trash . When I tried to use the cup the handle bent . Then I noticed that the metal looked strange , almost like pewter . I would n't risk using this &#34; made in China &#34; set . Who knows what it 's really made of !
 This is a review of both the Stanley Aladdin `` The Bolt '' vacuum bottle and Deerso the reseller.I received the bottle very promptly after ordering it . I put some hot water in it to prep it for receiving coffee and was surprised that the outside of the bottle got warm . I dumped the water and put in the coffee . A couple hours later I poured a cup and it was room temperature . After all of the great reviews I had read about this product I was very surprised . The fact that the outside had gotten warm should have been a clue that something was wrong.I contacted Deerso and they sent me a replacement bottle immediately . No questions , no hassle , no return shipment or restocking fees.The new bottle works perfectly . The outside stays cool and the coffee stays hot . I typically fill it before I leave for work at 8am and will typically have the second cup around 3pm and it 's still very hot coffee . I am extremely pleased with the performance . I guess the first bottle just did n't have a sealed vacuum chamber ... no manufacturing process is perfect . But with customer service like this I will absolutely be purchasing from Deerso again.UPDATE -LRB- 10/28/10 -RRB-
 Avoid this thermos only keeps coffee warm about 2 hours , even with pre heating with water . thermos looks great , it just does not work . buy the classic instead !!!!!
 The first time I received this product it arrived absolutely decimated . The glass was shattered and the screws were ripped out of the wood . The way they ship and package this item is terrible . So I returned it and received a replacement a few weeks later . This one was a little better . The screws had still been ripped out of the particle board -LSB- which the entire item is made out of -RSB- , the brackets for the doors were bent , and the glass was chipped on the corners . The pre drilled holes to mount the doors on were misaligned by a fraction of an inch , which throws off the entire installation process . I tried to re-drill the holes but since it 's particle wood it did not go so well . Needless to say this thing was thrown in the garbage the next morning . Save yourself the hassle , spend $ 20 more on something nicer from a better company .
 after two attempts to ship this item undamaged we decided to purchase it locally . some items are just too fragile & not packed properly to avoid problems .
 Order the medicine cabinet , it arrived glass cracked . Called and was assured that they would send another one out and it would have clear packing instructions as to the product being glass . I was assured all would be done so the mirror would not be cracked . The second medicine cabinet came and was shattered once again worse than the first time . Called back and said I would give it one more try , this one was so shattered glass was coming out of the packaging . There was no protection in any of the boxes just thrown in the box . Needless to say never never order anything breakable from AMAZONtZenith Products M30 Beveled Tri-View Medicine Cabinet
 They make it sound like the mini coca cola cooler needs this adapter to fully function , but you do n't !!
 Bought this adapter to work with the Koolatron P-20 cooler -LRB- / warmer -RRB- , but unfortunately after 30 minutes of cooling indoors it began to emit a burned resistor smell . And when I picked it up , it was very hot to the touch . Not good signs , from my experience.Comparing it to my AC-to-DC adapter from Igloo , it 's much lighter and seems to be under-designed . You ca n't fool Mother Nature -- increased weight usually means greater power handling capacity . In this case it just is n't there . Overheating is n't what I bought it for , either . In contrast , the Igloo adapter works endlessly with getting overly hot or giving off a smell . It weighs almost twice as much , too , which seems to be related.Save your time and money and get something more capable . You 'll be glad you did . Amazon has been breathtakingly cooperative in this matter , by the way , at least so far . Free return shipping and emailed labels are the way it should be done .
 I just got this in the mail on Thursday . Today is Friday and I used it for the first time 4 hours ago and it , literally , melted . Now I 'm in a hotel room with 3 kids and no cooler . We 're cooling the items that were in the Koolatron in a trash can with ice . BEWARE !
 The AC-15 works with a smaller cooler but not with the P 85 -LRB- 52 quart -RRB- cooler from Koolatron . The power cord end got very hot and the cooler shut down . After a short time the cooler was again working .
 I just received my unit and looked for the other 2 adapters that it shows in the picture . There is only the 1 . Why is there a picture of 2 plugs ? ? ? ? Can another multi car adapter be pluged into this ? So that I can be charging up to 3 items ? This lacks through information to use this . When I plug my phone into this and it does n't work it will go back . There is no phone number for customer service ???
 Item does get hot quickly and burns out . We are ordering our 3rd adapter for a future road trip and I 'm frustrated that this `` awesome '' travel companion is n't up to par . We have followed all instructions , yet we still experience burn out ????
 The adapter is useless without a converter to plug it into the cooler . The cooler works fine in the car , but I can not `` pre-cool '' it at home . Do n't buy this . Hopeless !!
 I have had the adapter about 6 weeks . It worked fine for the first trip we took . Now it shuts off after 5-10 minutes . Past my return date , working on how to get it covered under warranty . The cooler does work fine !
 I dont know how it works since Amazon cant come up with the part it goes for !
 I 'm sure this is a great unit but , unfortunately for me , this unit did n't work in my particular environment . I was using a handheld police radar unit . Approximately five minutes of being plugged into this unit , it managed to fry the power supply board and digital readout board . It cost me just under $ 275.00 to have the radar unit repaired . Use caution in what you plug into this unit .
 need this for the Koolatron car cooler . I use it to pre cool the unit before I put it in my car .
 My return window closed on the 23rd now it is the 28th and the Koolatron power adapter bit the dust . Hope you have better luck .
 As I go into three years using my Koolatron Compact Kooler , this is my third adapter.I purchased my first cooler and adapter in April of 2008 . The cooler died and I purchased a second one in May 2009 . The second adapter was purchased in August 2009 and just died today.I 'm now on my third adapter as the second just blew while I was sitting here on the computer . I noticed the motor on the cooler stopped . When I looked over , the adapter was sparking and smoking . * sigh * It 's a good thing I was here . But then , I never leave the cooler or adapter unattended for long , else I 'll disconnect it.Now , you may be wondering why I keep purchasing the same pieces of junk every year . Well , unlike most coolers , I run this one ALL YEAR ROUND . Rarely do I disconnect it . So , it 's never a seasonal or an on-off-on-off thing . For something that runs about 340 days out of the year , it 's not bad and I 'm getting my money 's worth.So , if you get this adapter , just plan on blowing $ 40 every year . Some people on here say they 've only gotten a few uses from it . Thank God , I 've been fortunate . I feel that for $ 140 of decent cooling a year , it 's not so bad . That 's about .40 cents a day plus electricity . It 's cheaper than a fridge . * shrug *
 Cooler lasted less than 5 uses and now does not heat or cool . Customer service/warranty is also worthless . Buy this is you want to waste your money .
 This power converter heats up unsafely in my estimation . I contacted the Customer service and they needed me to send back the unit at my expense before they would consider sending me a replacement . That is unacceptable and costly . This company needs to remember that the customer should come first . I recommend you do n't do buisiness with them .
 Lasted less than a year .
 bought this product to run my electric fillet knife , and it will not hardly turn it over . do not buy this adapter .
 Website recommends it , and leads you to believe you need it for AC power , but the Koolatron KWC-4 Coke fridge has both AC and DC power cords .
 I always use a Koolatron portable -LRB- P-75 -RRB- cooler for work and it gets plugged in on Thursday and runs continuously throughout the weekend until Monday morning when I head home . As per Koolatron I did n't want to void my warranty and I used their portable AC/DC Converter -LRB- Model AC-15 -RRB- . It ended up working through the year of my warranty period and I had problems with it throughout the last half of the year . Mainly the problems with the Koolatron product -LRB- Model AC-15 -RRB- that thing would heat up in a bad way . It would get so hot that it actually started to melt my plug that my cooler used to plug into the converter and it definitely smelled of burnt electronics . It melted the tip and surrounding plastic . I guess I ended up getting lucky . A week after the warranty period expired on the Koolatron AC/DC converter , it just up and died , but then I finally grew a brain and purchased the Vector VEC004 . Ever since I bought the Vector -LRB- aka Black and Decker -RRB- brand of AC/DC converter I have not had any problems at all . I love this thing . It works fantastically . The product itself gets warm , but not nearly as hot as the Koolatron product did . Even when it is plugged in all weekend , I can unplug the cooler from it and immediately touch the metal contacts , for the plug , and they are cool to the touch , not hot at all . Unlike when I used the Koolatron converter I burned myself a couple of times on the contacts . Do yourself a favor and look somewhere else for this product instead of the Koolatron AC/DC converter . They works much better and are much cooler .
 We purchased this item to go with the 42 quart volume Koolatron 12v cooler . This converter was specified to go with the Koolatron cooler . I read the reviews which I always do at Amazon -LRB- one of the things we love about Amazon by the way ... -RRB- and saw all the negative reviews about this item not working or overheating . We ordered it anyway because an equal number of people really seemed to like it . I thought to myself , we wo n't get a defective unit . We did ! It kept overheating and shutting off after 1 hour . This is the converter that is supposed to go with a Koolatron unit . Ironically , the little 12v Wagan converter -LRB- also sold on Amazon -RRB- DID NOT SHUT off and worked fantastic . The Wagan is half the money as the Koolatron converter and has the exact same specifications - actually slightly higher if you compare the two . BUY the WAGAN ! We also returned the Koolatron cooler by the way . It never got cold .
 This product certainly works to cool my Kooltron P95 , but it gets extrememly hot to the point that I am afraid to leave it plugged in unattended . It emits a terrible odor , and I plan to return it .
 I 've been sleeping with a body pillow for over 10 years now and this is absolutely the worst one I 've ever had ! I 've had some store ones wear quickly so I looked into getting a pillow that sounded like it was much better quality and I figured I would get my money 's worth if it was that much more . Not at all . It went flat in 2 days and the fibre started separating so that it was empty in the centre . It 's really awful . Trust me . You 'd be better off buying one at Wal-Mart !
 I ordered this for my husband , who needed a heavy rolling pin for making croissant . At first he loved it , it is nice & heavy , the marble keeps the dough cool . But now , after only 6 months , the paint is peeling off the handles where the marble rubs against them , and we have to pick red paint out of our dough . I have a call in to Vic Firth quality control to see what they will do for me . I would advise buying a different model that does n't have painted handles .
 I thought this would be a nice rolling pin but the paint is coming off the handles and I keep having to pick out little chips of paint from the food , it 's terribly frustrating ! Who ever came up with such a dumb design ??!
 What a disappointment . We planned on using this cooler when we went on vacation but the thing did n't cool down at all . I plugged it in at the house for 12 hrs to get it cooled down then put some items in it -LRB- from the refrigerator -RRB- to see if it would keep the items cold . Guess what ? It could n't keep them cool . It barley got down to 65 degrees in the cooler and the house temp was around 78 . So I returned it and got a regular cooler for 1/4 of the price .
 Let 's make it a simple review.Cons :1 . It drops temperature by 20 degrees , not 40 , unless you test it outdoors in Alaska early Spring .2 . no AC power supply with the unit3 . razor sharp metal parts inside that will cut your zip-locks or your hand4 . cost way more then it is worth5 . has no good cover seal6 . tips over real easy7 . it is noisy and energy inefficientPros :1 . It looks good ! 2 . Is designed for people that do n't know how to read thermometer.Now you can check 70 other reviews -LRB- to date -RRB- and make your selection.Yes , it was shipped back . Thank You Amazon for understanding!Nough said .
 My Koolatron P-75 cooler stopped working after 7 uses . When contacted , Koolatron did not want to be bothered with `` my problem '' . They refused to answer my 2nd e-mail , basically telling me to send it to be repaired at my expense . Poor quality , poor customer service , poor customer relations .
 My koolatron lasted about 9 months before the fan went out . I kept it in my office at work to keep my drinks and lunch cold , and it worked very well for that purpose . Also the slim shape is nice to wedge between your desk and the wall without taking up much room . Then one day a co-worker was walking by my office and asked if I could smell something burning . I agreed , then went into my office and immediately checked the koolatron . As I got my face close to the back of the unit , I could feel some intense heat coming off , and I noticed that the fan had quit working and the smell in the office hallway was the heat exchanger burning some of the surrounding plastic . I 'm just glad that I was present to unplug the unit before it burst into flames . I used to leave the cooler plugged in when I went home at night so I could have a cold soda in the morning -LRB- it takes about 4 hours to cool drinks if you just plug it in first thing in the morning -RRB- . If the fan had gone out at night this could have been a big problem for me -LRB- and my company -RRB- . This product should have an automatic shutoff if the fan is not spinning for safety purposes.I would not recommend this product for office use as I described above or long periods of un-supervised use . It would be nice in a car , but make sure that the fan is operating each time and do not block the back of the unit . This will overheat quickly if venting is not possible .
 Cooler lasted less than 5 uses and now does not heat or cool . Customer service/warranty is also worthless . Buy this is you want to waste your money .
 Very soft plastics on the cooling unit which is so fragile you do not want to touch it with any food/beverage inside . The outside plastic wall is made of very thin PVC which bends under your hand when you try to slide the coller in the trunk . When pushed , the wall bends and touches the fins of the fan stopping it . There is no switch for the cool/warm modes ! You would have to change the polarity on the plug ! - Really cheaply made . I would describe it as if someone in canada making it in his/her own garage using retired plastic meting tools : -RRB- It does cool OK though which means the cooling element is working as expected but I would not buy this cooler again.Hope this review will help to improve the quality of this unit .
 We were very sorry that this item broke down for us - even after we returned the first and then tried a brand-new second one . We purchased the first in June for a 3-week road trip in July . We also purchased the AC adapter , especially given that the manufacturer recommends when you 're on the road to keep the unit going at night with the adapter so it remains cool . The first two weeks , it was fine . Then it all of a sudden , with no warning , stopped working . Whether using the cigarette lighter outlet in the car or the AC adapter - it was dead . We returned it to Amazon when we got home and they were wonderful about sending us a new one to replace it very quickly . Then we went for a 3-day trip with the new one over Labor Day . This time the new one lasted maybe 10 hours on the first day and also died . Amazon allowed us under the circumstances to return both cooler and AC adapter -LRB- minus 20 % which I ca n't kick too much about -RRB- . However , our experience leads me to question whether Amazon should continue to carry this `` product . '' We followed all the instructions and did not abuse it in any way and it was definitely very nice - WHILE it worked . Sorry to be so negative but I 'm sure you want the truth before you lay out this kind of money for something that can so easily and consistently stop working .
 We bought this for our family road trips . We got to use it TWICE ! The two times we used it , it was great and kept everything inside cool . The third time we went to use it , it was completely dead . We bought all the recommended adaptors and followed the instructions that came with it . Though it worked great two times , it 's definately too expensive to only use twice then have to trash . We were very disappointed and are still looking for a good RELIABLE cooler .
 I ordered the Koolatron P20 from Amazon on October 13 , 2010 and received it promptly from Ace Photo Digital , their outside source . In the car I noticed no real cooling , so I decided to try it in the house using the A/C adapter , which I also had ordered . The house temperature was 70 degrees . I used a refrigerator thermometer which I placed in the bottom of the cooler . After 21 hours of `` cooling '' the temperature inside the cooler was 63 degrees , nowhere near the advertised 40 degrees below ambient temperature . I did n't expect it to cool to 30 degrees -- it is not a refrigerator -- but I did expect better than 63 . I have returned the cooler for a refund .
 I am greatly upset , I received this item within 24 hours of ordering it which was INSANELY fast delivery , however I received it WITHOUT ANY PLUG !!!! I can not use this item AT ALL . It is marketed/advertised that it comes with an AUTO / D/C plug included to plug in and use in your car , and if you wanted to buy the optional A/C HOUSE plug it was sold seperately . It is supposed to come with the AUTO DC plug , which I am shocked and pisssed off it did n't . I am returning this ASAP and will never order another product from this company ever .
 I bought this cooler-heater together with an AC Adapter through Amazon.Subsequently I read where their AC Adapter caused fires.I wrote to Koolatron to see if they had modified the Adapter to prevent these fires and they refused to answer me.I am not sure why Amazon still carries the product under these circumstances .
 Overall , just not happy with this cooler . It 's fits very perfectly behind the driver 's seat of my SUV . The unit is smaller than the picture presents it . The picture shows 1/2 gallons of milk/juice in the cooler but neglects to tell you that you ca n't have anything in front of the fan . Therefore , 2 - 1/2 gallons do n't fit . The unit is also really loud . I bought this cooler , and car adapter , to transport perishable items for a baby . Only I do n't trust that it keeps milk and milk products cold enough . Nothing is ever cold . The temperature feels similar to something sitting in front of a fan . A regular cooler with ice would be better . If you 're just storing soda , fine . But I would n't use it for longer periods of time with perishable items . Buy an Igloo cooler and lots of ice .
 I bought this cooler specifically to cool beverages while driving . Not only did it keep sliding around and falling over , it also proved impractical since it does n't cool beverages quickly enough to make it worthwile for use while driving . A traditional cooler box with ice-packs has since replaced it .
 junk , the auger is plastic.not stainless.every 6 tomatoes , the auger would bind up with skins , backing the juice in the grinder , you have to stop , take it apart to clear the skins , when you do , you loose the juice that backed up.all over the kitchen floor . . i do not recommend this product for anyone that is serious about there sauce , then when i returned it ,1 week later they charged me 25 percent restock fee , plus shipping , , , which was not stated in their return policy , , , made buying on line questionable , , you don t know what you are getting , and they take 1/2 of it away to send it back , , ,
 Beware ... this item does not do applesauce without breaking your item . I have owned this strainer for over a year . It worked fine for tomatoes -LRB- though loud -RRB- and then we read you can also do applesauce with it . We strained a large number of apples -LRB- 3 bushels , cooked -RRB- and about 3/4 of the way through the strainer started allowing grease ? to come into our sauce . We took it apart and tried to clean it a couple times . The company said it was not meant for applesauce -LRB- even though it is advertised to be -RRB- , so now we have a less than adequate machine as we can not tell if it is grease or aluminum seeping into our food that we are straining . The parts are not all stainless steel , by the way , mostly aluminum and plastic .
 The zipper on the bottom compartment broke within weeks of purchase and could not be fixed ! Poor quality and not worth the $ . Personally do n't like the 2 compartment lunch box . Would rather have just one compartment .
 This refrigerator arrived with the door broken off of the hinge . There was NO packaging outside the original box .
 The hinge on the door was broken on arrival even though the packaging was not damaged . It seems like the double door concept with the heavy cooler mechanism on the door put a lot of stress on the plastic hinge . Good concept , but poor execution . I had to return it before we could even turn it on ...
 I did n't even get a chance to try this cooler . It did n't have a plug to plug in the adaptor . I did ask the company about it and they said they would send it to me no charge , but I did n't want the hassle of dealing with it perhaps being the wrong plug . I needed it in a hurry . It was also bigger than I really wanted .
 product arrives with no plug-in cord . is it just me ? should n't one be included ?
 This cooler only worked for two days before the compressor completely gave out . I ignored the warnings in other reviews and ordered it with one day shipping before a long -LRB- 3500 + mile -RRB- road trip , but it failed before our trip even started . We brought it along anyway , because it was small enough to fit in the back seat . It still managed to keep things cool with a nightly refill of ice , but for the high price I expected the electronics to last more than two days.I suspect that the failures are caused by a design flaw
 The fridge arrived today and I am sending it back tomorrow - I was so disappointed to open the box and find that the door hinges had gotten completely busted up during shipping ! There was absolutely * no * packaging material , just the cardboard box , so it 's no surprise the product got so damaged.If you decide to brave the shipping risk , also keep in mind that -LRB- 1 -RRB- this really seems like more of a cooler than a fridge , the `` electronic '' component notwithstanding , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- you need an AC/DC adapter unless you plan to plug it into the cigarette lighter in your car.The one plus is that it is lightweight ... and Amazon has a very fair return policy .
 I bought one of these in April and it died in August -- just about four months , which is the shortest I 've ever had for one of these coolers . I can usually get a year or more from them . Additionally , the door -LRB- which works like a Dutch door , split in top and bottom -RRB- is not particularly convenient . The latch slides up and down , and because the box itself is too large to fit on a desk comfortably -LRB- at least for my desk -RRB- , it has to sit on the floor , and that makes it harder to open and close the door . It did cool adequately while it worked , though , and it 's large inside . I found I had to defrost it more often than I 'm used to . The ice on the cooling unit gets very thick very quickly .
 I hope you all enjoy eating orange paint . Why would anyone put paint on a surface that will see much friction and wear during its lifetime ? Why would someone put paint on a surface that comes in contact with food when it wears off ? The cafe at my job uses these knives , and the paint is all worn off . Guess where it went . Perhaps the designers of these knives ate a few too many paint chips themselves as children .
 It is very noisy.Takes long time to cool down.And it is overprised.I will need to return it .
 To begin with they are not stainless steel they are chrome plated pot metal . They function fine but are poorly made and I 'm left to wonder whether they will break , or the chrome plating will peel off first . If you want something cheap and easy and do n't plan on using them often they would be just fine .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 The first few nights it was ok , then it started to leak feathers more and more . This ` leakproof ' fabric they claim to use is crap , it leaks more after a few days than my grandmothers old comforter did after years of use . Beware . I am not happy about mine . I am trying to return it . . lets see if they at least honor their 30 day guarantee .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 I 'd tell you how often I use this whole Roomba system -LRB- which I BEGGED for , my husband did not want to spend money on this -RRB- , but I have long since given up on the hope that it would find our dust bunnies . It went to a charity drop-off point years ago.Roomba is something I 'd turn on and let run across our wood laminate floors while I paid bills , made dinner , or worked on the computer . the whole downstairs was an open , smooth surface which seemed to ooze dust bunnies daily . Roomba would creep around , painfully slowly , for HOURS , coming within 1/4 of an inch of each dust bunny , and never `` find '' it . It was so aggravating to watch that I 'd drop whatever I was doing and grab a real vacuum so I could turn off it 's irritating sound . It was loud , and a FAILURE .
 This product came to me right out of the box used and dirty . It looked as if someone had drunk coffee out of the cup . I contacted Amazon and got no help or remedy . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000EGYRXQ Toastmaster Personal Coffee Mug and Warmer -LRB- TMMGW -RRB- -RSB-
 After much research I thought this product would live up to its claims ... wrong!I wanted a coffee mug warmer to keep the mug warm , this just does n't cut it.Barely warm is a better description . I sent it back . Still using my old one that I thought was not working properly . It is better than this one was .
 This product does not work well . I was hoping I could work at my desk and have HOT coffee 30 minutes after I got it . I now have luke warm cofee NOT HOT so it did n't help me at all . If I would have bought it at Walmart or Target I would have returned it .
 I like my coffee HOT . From the first sip to the last . I bought this cuz I get up to microwave my coffee 2 to 3 times per cup and that was getting annoying . Simply put this does n't keep coffee hot and barely keeps it warm . Unless you just want to keep your lukewarm cup lukewarm then I ca n't recommend this .
 I did my research on coffee warmers and this one according to the reviews was supposed to keep coffee hot ! Disappointed ... It does keep coffee luke warm ...
 I ordered this product , to be delivered to my friend 's P. O. Box , in August 2011 . It did not arrive , so I checked order tracking and learned that the shipper claimed to have left it AT THE FRONT DOOR -LRB- ! -RRB- . Front door of what , the post office ? I posted a comment stating the above.I contacted the seller . They were quite apologetic , and said if I would remove the negative comment they would reship the product . I removed the negative comment . That was 8 months ago . Guess what ? No replacement product.This seller is unfamiliar with the success formula
 The mug was nice , but I am disappointed in the mugwarmer . It does notkeep my coffee hot . If my cup of coffee sits on the warmer 30 minutesbefore I drink it , the coffee is lukewarm when I get around to drinking it . I have to take it to a microwave and reheat the contents before Ican drink the coffee .
 I bought the warmer 3 months ago , I use it a lot . Over the first two month the plastic rim has cracked twice on the top , now a third crack is developing . This warmer only barely does it 's job , `` I like my tea a little hotter '' Now , it 's becoming unsightly and it might let spilled liquid leak into the electronics . I do n't think it will last a year before it needs to be replaced .
 Ca n't find a cup that works with it . Probably not with the $ 15 .
 Does n't get hot enough to suit me . It needs more design watts .
 does n't keep my tea hot , only lukewarm , I had another years ago that worked really well and was very usefull this was not it ,
 When shaving with a straight razor , I mix lather in a ceramic bowl . I wanted a heating pad to keep the lather warm . Coffee heating pads are usually too hot , and they dry the lather . However , I was intrigued by another reviewer who said this product did n't keep coffee warm . Maybe , it would heat lather , but not overheat it?And , this mug warmer works perfectly ! It keeps my lather warm , and not hot.But , for heating coffee ? Not so good ... : -LRB-
 This coffee warmer is expensive , I do n't care if they do give you a mug with it , it 's too much money . I 've tried 3 different cups including theirs and it does n't keep the coffee warm . Even when the cup is almost empty , the coffee is only lukewarm . The warming plate is kinda hot to touch with your fingers but it wo n't do anything for the cup or coffee in the cup . Not a good buy even if it was half price . You 're wasting your money buying this .
 I received the package and I 'm very disappointed with the items i received . None of them are made in Germany and the quality is poor . I owned a few sets of Villeroy & Boch and these are just not up to the standard !
 I bought 3 Vornado AQS 15 air puirifiers early in 2003 for my home and office . After almost 10 years of use , they still work great and I 've been very happy with them.So I was dismayed when I opened the latest box of presorb filters and discovered that they are of very poor quality -- half the thickness of the presorb filters I 'd been getting and transparent!We 're all struggling to survive in a bad economy and I can understand cutting the cost of production , but I was pretty disappointed to see this . I 'll probably use up my remaining supplies and go shop for some other brand of air purifier .
 Actually I ordered the wrong item and returned it . I replaced with correct size filter .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 I received two -LRB- 2 -RRB- of your Wicker Laundry Organizers -LRB- two were sent and I only `` thought '' I ordered one -RRB- . I 'm an extremely easy person to please and I tend to get very excited over something new . I do n't friviously spend money and this was going to be a real treat for me . Unfortunately , this was a disaster re my budget . Cheap quality & definitely NOT sturdy . It cost $ 19.99 each to return so I ended up keeping one and will probably never use it ! I do n't even want to give as a gift . If I somehow mount on the wall , it may be of some use . Although the little , flimsy , plastic drawers are deep , the large one only holds one detergent bottle or medium size powered detergent , but no stain removal sprays , bottled softner , etc. , unless you want to dump the whole thing over , especially when you want to pull out a drawer - any of them . This company should n't even sell this item until they manufacture it out of much heavier material and only have two large drawers instead of four . I thought it would be great , but more aggravation than usefullness . In my opinion , I wasted my money , especially since I had to pay that gross amount to return . IT IS A RIP OFF and Get Organized should be ashamed .
 I thought that the drawers on this cart would be wicker , or at least look like wicker . The material would n't be important if it were a little more flexible . It 's a hard , thin plastic that cracks easily and being in-between a washer and dryer does n't increase its longevity . I paid $ 40 something for this . There is a flexible but clear view version in Walmart for $ 12 dollars.Update : I typed too soon . Upon giving the storage cart a `` go-over '' , I found that the top drawer could not be opened without using two hands . One to hold the rest of the cart down -LRB- or possibly you could remove the wheels and put heavy detergents in the bottom drawer to weigh it down and the other hand to pull it open -LRB- hard -RRB- . I attempted to fix it so that it slid open without knocking everything about but failed . I could not apply my favorite `` fix all '' WD-40 to anything since there 's no metal involved . Kind of defeats the purpose of the cart when the cart is supposed to make life easier . My personal advice would be to avoid this product .
 recently purchased this item and while it is a great size for a tight space , it 's going back because of the cheap quality . it 's all molded plastic and the drawers do not slide easily . in addition , as another reviewer had noted , the faux-wicker front is not high an impressive feature.great shipping though - very quick & well packaged , so 2 thumbs up there !
 I was using the 4-drawer version of this to make my DVD storage units . I would stack 2 sets -LRB- giving 8 drawers -RRB- , reinforced with 1/4 '' threaded steel rods.Problem is , Lowes no longer carries these -LRB- of any type -RRB- . Amazon no longer sells them . I contacted Gracious Living in Canada and you got it , was told that they would not sell to me without me submitting a huge order.And now , every place they say on their site to buy this product from no longer handles them.I could have created a demand for them by putting a Youtube video on how to reinforce them for DVD/CD storage . But this will not happen now because how can you tell others how to do it when they ca n't get the product to work with?Because of all the hassle and the run-around , I give gracious living one star for their business model that does not allow smaller orders.Even Lowes can not make an order to an individual store.Lance
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 I paid for this product and then I did not even receive the product . Do not go through this company . You may not receive your product and then you are out money .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 Bought this for my job 's school dance . It broke apart very easily . It will not be able to with stand 8 coats .
 This is NOT durable and does n't hold a lot of clothes . What I 've put on there are basic shirts , dresses and skirts , no heavy material and all garments are between size 2-4 . It 's not even completely full and it warped and broke.I 'll try another brand -LRB- metal this time -RRB- and see how durable it is .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 There is absolutely ZERO reasons for this to cost nearly $ 50 . Comparable filters by other manufacturers are less than HALF this price . I do n't blame Amazon , as this is the going price for these things ... BUT Vornado should be ashamed . I bought the purifier because my Vornado fan has been going strong for 5 years ... but now I seriously doubt I will ever buy from them again -LRB- at least anything that uses a consumable item , such as a filter -RRB- . This is simply a money grab by Vornado at the expense of it 's loyal customers.Save your money and but a different air purifier that has charges reasonable prices for filter replacements . In the long run it will be cheaper -LRB- even if you already own this purifier -RRB- .
 While I like the Vornado Air Purifier , the replacement filters are way too expensive . Because I have pets in the house , hepa filters are the best option , but they should not be this expensive .
 Like other reviewers , I have two vornado air purifiers which works great , but the HEPA filter is ridiculously expensive and lasts barely 2 months before it loses significant air flow . I 've decided to dump the vornado air purifier and got a different brand with `` lifetime '' hepa filter that does n't need replacing .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 It does keep you warm yes BUT at what cost ? The feathers were EVERYWHERE with this comforter ! I 've used my previous comforters without a duvet and it was fine but this one was impossible as I saw full sized feathers all over the bed and the room with each use . Finding a duvet that actually fit this odd sized comforter was another challenge . I 'm very disappointed after the great reviews I read ! I threw it out after one season .
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 It does keep you warm yes BUT at what cost ? The feathers were EVERYWHERE with this comforter ! I 've used my previous comforters without a duvet and it was fine but this one was impossible as I saw full sized feathers all over the bed and the room with each use . Finding a duvet that actually fit this odd sized comforter was another challenge . I 'm very disappointed after the great reviews I read ! I threw it out after one season .
 I purchased this can opener , also at Wal Mart for $ 6.00 . I have used Rival products for years , so I thought it was a great buy at first . It kind of opened up a few cans , but after that , it goes about a quarter inch and stops . If there was a way to give it no stars I would do that . I replaced it today with a better one , not a Rival .
 This can opener sucks !! I bought mine from Walmart . For $ 6 , you get what you pay for . I have a hard time trying to get the thing to grip the can . I am buying another one and not Rival !
 As most of the other reviewers hear , I too purchased this can opener from good old Waly World . First out of the box impressions is plasticy . When I used it for the first time I was surprised at how noisy it actually was . It vibrated the counter tops and everything on them . It also struggled to open cans larger than most , demonstrating lack of torque from the motor . This item although inexpensive , is cheap in design and build , and your money would be better spent buying something else . In most cases you get what you pay for and this is no different . If your looking for a step up from a old hand opener I suppose this will work , but if you are looking for something that will last for more than a year then I would scrape up the extra twenty bucks and buy something of better quality . Good luck !
 I bought this -LRB- Rival CN738-W -RRB- from Wal-Mart , not Amazon . It worked okay for some small cans . It would not keep its grip on any can bigger than a small soup can . I used it maybe 5 times . I then tried to open a large can of soup . It kept stopping and finally quit . I thought to myself ` Well . maybe this can is too much for it ' but then it would no longer open any can . Do n't bother with this waste-of-time product !
 I had to revert to my 7-year-old Rival can opener , because the new one would not grip the can rim.Rival CN738-W Automatic Can OpenerThis is my first total failure in a variety of products I 've ordered from Amazon.com . Needless to say , I 'm not a happy camper at the moment .
 this rival can opener is useless . tips over while opening cans . drops cans when nere opened .
 I do n't know what it is with me and can openers , but it took me a few tries to finally get this thing to work . It would n't grab the can , maybe it 's just me ????????
 Broke after 3 uses there was a burning smell from motor
 All I can say , I tossed not one but two IRobots away . All done with these . Never had much luck with battery household items for any length of time . I say plug it in !
 We barely use the oven and prefer the toaster oven 75-80 % . I 've cleaned the mate a few times . After a year it became brittle and scattered with holes . I threw it out . Now I line with foil .
 I am a member of an exotic bird club and just recieved this email . `` I 've been contacted by a man who lost both his Congo African Grey and Moluccan Cockatoo several hours after using a product his wife purchased from a Miles-Kimble Catalogue . The product is Stanco non-stick Oven Liner . After posting this info to my bird club , I was contacted by one of my members telling me she had a friend who used this and lost several of her birds ! '' . Apparently there is NO warning on the lable .
 I had great hopes for this oven liner , and as long as I did n't actually USE my oven it was great ! BUT as soon as I had the temp to 425 for an apple pie , the portion of the liner that was directly below the heating element melted or burned through , leaving a large hole under the element . What 's more , it was very difficult to clean the liner after it cooled ... the apple pie syrup drippings were very hard to clean . Save yourself and buy a higher rated one , that 's what I am doing , this liner is going to go under some houseplant pots .
 Update
 I bought this 3 months ago , always kept it on the lower oven rack , not on the bottom of my gas oven . I hand washed it when dirty . Now it is cracked , and a white color around the cracks , it has holes in it , looks horrible , and it 's no longer protecting my oven floor . It 's getting tossed out . The concept is good but it 's a flimsy product , not worth the $ $ .
 First off , the product dimensions are not `` 18 x 4.5 x 4.2 inches , '' as stated in the item description . The sheet is 23 x 16.25 inches and the thickness of maybe two sheets of copier paper . Pretty flimsy . The instructions on the box say that for gas ovens , you should n't put the liner on the bottom of the oven . Instead it should go on the lower rack . Which seems pretty ridiculous , especially in a convection oven . -LRB- The instructions also misspell `` visible '' as `` visable . '' -RRB- Rather than take a chance on this thing melting , it 's going in the trash .
 I bought this , followed directions to a T , and ended up with a mess ! The first time I used the oven after installing this , I was making cookies , so the temperature of the oven was somewhere in the ballpark of 350 . Within a few minutes of putting the cookies in , I smelled a horrible smell and went to investigate . I opened the oven and black smoke filled my kitchen . The liner was on FIRE and it smelled like burning plastic . I had to throw the liner and my cookies away . It took days for the smoke smell to leave my house and I was afraid to finish baking the rest of the batch of cookies in the oven because of the plastic chemicals in the oven . What a disaster ! Talk about a waste of money -- I now have no liner , am out the price of the liner , and lost some cookies . I still am not sure why it caught on fire , because nothing was touching it and the oven was not that hot . If I could give this zero stars , I would . One star seems too kind .
 I had high hopes for this oven liner , however , the first time I heated my oven to 450 degrees , the liner stuck to the oven floor and melted . Now there is a large hole in it . I threw away the packaging as soon as I got the liner , so I do n't think I can return it . On a brighter note , the liner fits well and looks nice . I just wish it worked as well as it looks . I can not recommend this item .
 This comforter is no doubt alergy safe , however it is not at all comfortable . The material on the outside feels like the stuff that a camping tent is made out of , though the tag says that it is 100 % cotton . While the fabric is very tight so as not to let any feathers go through , it also does n't let any air through either . You end up sweating under the blanket or freezing with it off . Also , it is not very generous with the stuffing . It is only about an inch and a half thick , which it fails to mention in the product description . I plan to return mine and next time not be so idiotic as to buy it online without seeing any reviews .
 The motor does not have enough power to extrude the cookies.It ate batteries like crazy the first couple times I used it , then this time , even with fresh batteries , could not push out the cookies ; just groaned and seized up mid-cookie . This is a poorly conceived product . Can a appliance motor that must run on AA batteries really be expected to handle stiff cookie dough ? I am now looking to replace with manual squeeze kind .
 This comforter is no doubt alergy safe , however it is not at all comfortable . The material on the outside feels like the stuff that a camping tent is made out of , though the tag says that it is 100 % cotton . While the fabric is very tight so as not to let any feathers go through , it also does n't let any air through either . You end up sweating under the blanket or freezing with it off . Also , it is not very generous with the stuffing . It is only about an inch and a half thick , which it fails to mention in the product description . I plan to return mine and next time not be so idiotic as to buy it online without seeing any reviews .
 I purchased this flatware 3 weeks ago because I loved the modern look to them and thought they would look great . Well I was a little dissappointed this morning after only three weeks that they are already spotting and rusting after only 3 weeks AND following the care instructions as best as I could . So in conclusion I am returning them this weekend for a refund because I am not serving any of my friends who come over for a casual get together with this flatware .
 I bought 2 sets of this stuff because the design was really great . We looked at Crate & amp ; Barrel and Macy 's before deciding the style and price were a better fit . Wrong!All of the knives rust and the rest of the pieces have water stains on them like you would n't believe . Tried to take it back to the store but of course , I kept it for 6 months , thinking only a few pieces would have a problem . It just got worse . Since I do n't have the receipt , I am out the 140 cash .
 I love the look and feel of this set . Great style , great cost , and they feel nice and heavy . Its a pity that they used such a low grade of steel because after only 3 weeks - I have several spots of rust . Back to the store they go ... what a bum deal - I really liked this set ...
 I bought this flatware in spite of the warnings about rust . Well , sure enough , rust started to form on the knives just after the first run through the dishwasher . The rust spots were small , but I returned the set anyways , as I am not willing to risk the severe rust problems reported by others.And just for the record , I did not use lemon detergent , and I only allowed the set to stay in the dishwasher a short while after the cycle completed . This set is at best a high maintenance proposition . Hand washing and drying is not for me!Its a shame , because the set really is beautiful .
 The silverware started having rust stains after only 3 weeks use . Returned for refund .
 The larger forks and spoons are a bit larger than I was expecting , but my wife and I love the look of this set . The pieces feel substantial , and the finish is wonderful . Unfortunately , they do rust like some of the other reviews mention . We bought two sets - one was handwashed , the other washed in the dishwasher . Some spoons began rusting after their first trip through the dishwasher , but both sets showed rust spots after a year . Our detergent is n't citrus either.In the end , I like the set , but an worried about the quality . I wish we had purchased something else .
 We loved the design and I have an older set of the same flatware design that is marked 18/10 . This seller says the current listing of this new set is marked 18/10 stainless . The one received is marked 18/0 which is a less durable and cheaper material . SO that is either a misrepresentation of the product or a careless review of their own wares . We will be returning the flatware .
 They look very nice but after a couple of weeks I can see rust in some of the pieces . I bought this because their were suppose to be a high quality stainless steel ... very dissapointed
 This comforter is no doubt alergy safe , however it is not at all comfortable . The material on the outside feels like the stuff that a camping tent is made out of , though the tag says that it is 100 % cotton . While the fabric is very tight so as not to let any feathers go through , it also does n't let any air through either . You end up sweating under the blanket or freezing with it off . Also , it is not very generous with the stuffing . It is only about an inch and a half thick , which it fails to mention in the product description . I plan to return mine and next time not be so idiotic as to buy it online without seeing any reviews .
 The digital display broke once within the one year warranty . The Second time it broke about one year later and I had to send it in and pay 35 dollars for repairs plus shipping . The technician said the unit was exposed to too much humidity as the reason for it breaking ... cheaply made product . The technician also stated the units on average have to be re serviced every 4 to 5 years . If it breaks again I will not spend the money to repair it . I would recommend going with a different company that does not use such cheap parts .
 This comforter is no doubt alergy safe , however it is not at all comfortable . The material on the outside feels like the stuff that a camping tent is made out of , though the tag says that it is 100 % cotton . While the fabric is very tight so as not to let any feathers go through , it also does n't let any air through either . You end up sweating under the blanket or freezing with it off . Also , it is not very generous with the stuffing . It is only about an inch and a half thick , which it fails to mention in the product description . I plan to return mine and next time not be so idiotic as to buy it online without seeing any reviews .
 The Piano and the mouse are so adorable ! Great Quality , but the voice of the singer SUCKED , it was one of those annoying voices that a person just could n't bear to hear more than once .
 It was not properly formatted for our area / zone . We had to watch it on our computer the DVD player would n't play the disk .
 I even wrote to the company . They said slather it in butter . I thought the point of silicone molds was simple release . Not so with this one . If I have a chocolate Bavarian , do I really want to slather it in butter ? Cute design , maybe I 'll hang it on the wall .
 I 've tried this product to compare it with another Silicone bakeware product from Demarle . It 's not even close to their product line . Using a simple yellow cake mix , I tried baking with out using butter or nonstick spray . It baked ok , but the cake did not come out of the mold without parts of the cake sticking to the mold .
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 I have had these for 6 months . I first started noticing rust within 3 months . More than half the pieces have a spot or more . I try not to leave them in water , but there is water in the sink and dishwasher ! My old silverware lasted 20 years with no rust . I will return and buy a different brand .
 four days after i bought this set , there were little rust spots on the whole set , mostly the knives though . i even called the company to complain , and never got a response . very frustrating !
 I was very excited to receive this flatware because I really liked the design of it . Unfortunately my excitement did n't last long because the first time I ate with one of the spoons its sharp edge cut the inside of my mouth ! No exaggeration , it literally created a thin , half inch slice on the inside of my cheek near the corner of my mouth . Upon inspection of the other spoons in the package , they each seemed to have at least one potentially dangerous rough/sharp spot as well . So disappointing ! These are definitely going back .
 This Gourmet Settings Flatware Rusts Be aware that the Materials Used are not 18/10 nor 18/8 , Because Stainless does not Rust .
 They started rusting with the very first wash right out of the box . It 's rather dumb when you read the guide on the Do 's and Do n'ts for care for this silverware and it says `` Do polish away any stains with a stainless steel polish . '' Does anyone else besides me I have a problem with that sentence ?!? If it 's stainless steel it should n't get stains or rust to begin with!This item was a wedding present , it was washed in a brand new state-of-the art dishwasher.I 've learned my lesson
 The fun , trendy appearance of the set sold me the moment I saw them ! However , once I got the flatware home and found the set advertised as 18/10 stamped with 18/8 , I became weary . I called the manufacturer , and they explained that some of the first sets sent out to Target were accidentally stamped incorrectly . I was fine with that since they assured me the flatware was made of quality materials . However , after only 2 weeks of using and washing the flatware exactly as instructed on the package , I started to notice small rust spots on all the different pieces.I am very dissapointed .
 I registered for this item and decided against it after finding similar flatware at BBB . I had the same problem with rust on the knives with two other brands of flatware that were 3x 's more expensive than Non-stop satin . The same thing happened in each case ... the knives rusted after 2 or 3 times in the dishwasher . If you read other reviews you will notice that most often people complain about the knives . I have tried jetdry to see if there is improvement . BBB replaced the entire set .
 I 've tried this product to compare it with another Silicone bakeware product from Demarle . It 's not even close to their product line . Using a simple yellow cake mix , I tried baking with out using butter or nonstick spray . It baked ok , but the cake did not come out of the mold without parts of the cake sticking to the mold .
 I even wrote to the company . They said slather it in butter . I thought the point of silicone molds was simple release . Not so with this one . If I have a chocolate Bavarian , do I really want to slather it in butter ? Cute design , maybe I 'll hang it on the wall .
 I bought this product thinking that the view through glass would become largely opaque . Wrong . I can still clearly see items stored behind the glass doors of a TV entertainment center . The film is too thin to be effective . I only give it 2 stars because it was easy enough to install . I doubt two layers will be effective - or even possible .
 I purchased this for a sliding glass door . It says you can see outside but no one can see in . That is not true . I can not see outside through this film . It is OK but not what I thought it should be . Easy to install .
 This kind of privacy film works very well . This particular brand of film works very well . The challenge is in getting the film off the backing paper.Once the backing paper splits and tears along the edge where you 're trying to seperate it from the film , there is NO peeling it away from the film . If you try , the film itself will tear along with the backing paper.I did get the job done with the materials at hand , but ... I WASTED MORE THAN 50 % OF THIS FILM BECAUSE THE BACKING PAPER WOULD NOT PEEL AWAY FROM THE FILM WITHOUT TEARING .50 % waste -LRB- at least -RRB- &#34; built in &#34; to the product makes it cost double the price .
 This is my first review of any product . The reason I am writing is to caution others that when you purchase something that can not be returned , because you have cut and installed it , make very sure that it will perform as promised . This film is NOT privacy film , you can see completely through it . My money was wasted .
 I wish I could give this items no stars . The roll was delivered with kinks in it that could not be taken out . After getting over the annoyance of that , I attempted to work around the `` kinked '' areas to discover that it barely adheres to the window . Garbage . Do n't waste your money on this .
 If you are looking for privacy look for another product you can see thru this film.Decoration only . Ca n't see how other reviews see this as privacy .
 Pro
 I squeegeed these to death and they still had bubbles . It is also very hard to trim . I 'm disappointed in this product .
 This product is NOT the one pictured . The product is actually a tinted glass and not the etched glass as indicated . I ordered it and set it aside until I had time to put up . I did not know they would send me something I could not use . Because I missed the deadline - they would not accept the package back . I want to WARN others not to purchase this product because it does not match the picture .
 I purchased this item for my kitchen windows . The seller was excellent , fast shipping . The product however , horrible . The back of the film paper side has no lines . It is just blank . Once I did the measurements and cut it , it felt like I was putting a clear plastic table cloth on my window . I followed the directions carefully and it still looked horrible . The previous customers who posted must be pro 's . . cause it seems unrealistic now . Anywho , Im so mad I wasted 32.00 !!!
 I liked the duvet cover but ca n't say the same about the bedskirt . The denim is perhaps a little too distressed . More importantly , the bedskirt does n't reach the carpet , so it just hangs in the air looking forlorn . It 's disappointing since the bed I have it on is about average height .
 This is NOT made by Honeywell as described . It is a generic replacement filter and it has a terrible odor . The item also arrives via US Mail , yet you will be charged UPS/FED-EX prices .
 These are after-market filters that do not work properly when compared with Honeywell filters . Filter paper is too dense to allow proper air flow through the air purifier . Recommend going to kaz.com for proper replacement filters ***
 I received a ripped filter along with a note explaining that this is actually not the Honeywell brand name filter but an ` equivalent ' product . It 's possible the filter was during shipping because it was sent in a soft packing envelope . I am very disappointed .
 I would agree with other reviewers -- it 's &#34; generic , &#34; and although appears -LRB- very -RRB- solidly built , the air-flow is HEAVILY restricted . -LRB- I thought my machine was toast . I did n't want to burn out the motor ! -RRB- In contrast , I 've used 2 &#34; Honywell &#34; branded filters and they worked markedly better . Kaz.com owns the Honywell Brand for air-purifiers , and supplies the &#34; Honeywell &#34; brand replacement heppa filters -- check them out . They are n't $ 9.95 , but they do WORK .
 First off is not hepa , not a honeywell , and as I was inspecting it my finger every so slightly touched the paper , it crumbled like some old dried something . Just skip past this one and find another . Not worth the 2 dollar savings .
 Not a Honeywell as the item title indicates . I get about half the air flow as I do through my original Honeywell filter that I have used for 2.5 years . Do not buy !!!
 Ca n't believe an industry leader like Infinity is producing an item without one , but looking at their other clocks on Amazon , it appears to be very common . To me , that 's unacceptable , and I sent it back .
 I received this from warehouse deals and it was shot . The hour hand dangled and was broken upon arrival . It 's a cute clock , but may not be suitable in the warehouse area .
 I have no complaints about the design of this clock - but I will say that the orange is much much brighter in person . It is practically neon , and it was not what I expected at all . I am returning to exchange for a different color .
 FIRST OF ALL , THIS IS NOT A METAL CLOCK . It LOOKS kinda like metal , but it IS PLASTIC . I bought it specifically because it advertised itself as a METAL CLOCK so therefore I am disappointed . I will keep it only because it was n't expensive , and because I had to rip up the packaging to free this plastic thing from its security backing -- which in itself was terrible . I have put the battery into the clock and am waiting to see if it even RUNS ...
 I 've tried this product to compare it with another Silicone bakeware product from Demarle . It 's not even close to their product line . Using a simple yellow cake mix , I tried baking with out using butter or nonstick spray . It baked ok , but the cake did not come out of the mold without parts of the cake sticking to the mold .
 The plastic caps that look like metal fall off and inside you will see rust and gook that you had no idea about , building up over the weeks/months . Give it a little bit more time and the whole handle will start falling off them . AWFUL
 I purchased the flatware when I moved in my new home . -LRB- at least 5 months now -RRB- Sadly I have to agree , that they are not sturdy . I had a knive break on me while making my son a sandwich . They are my favorite utensils , however , they do n't last long . And since they are not at all expensive ... . you pay for what you get .
 I am very unhappy with this set . First the end caps fall off , which can be reglued . Then the plastic handles crack , chip , or just falt out shatter . I had a knife handle shatter when I was was cutting into a moist cake !! I hand washed and dishwasher washed them , like their instructions say is allowed . Just normal use breaks them !! I would n't suggest these to anyone !!
 While they are very pretty and comfortable , they are not the sturdiest . Mine started falling apart after about 6 mos . Yes , yes , it is plastic , so it 's inevitable . As long as it 's not your only set of silverware , it 's a nice addition . Caddy is a neat bonus , plus it 's metal .
 Yeah , my husband and I thought these were cool when we purchased them a couple of years ago . Unfortunately , this flatware set does not stand the test of time . We bought two sets and after two years , we have about half of the pieces left . They break apart where the clear plastic meets the metal . Of the pieces we do have left , I do n't think there 's one that does n't have a lose head . Unless you 're only going to use them for a special occasion -LRB- which is probably not likely -RRB- I would not recommend this set .
 I even wrote to the company . They said slather it in butter . I thought the point of silicone molds was simple release . Not so with this one . If I have a chocolate Bavarian , do I really want to slather it in butter ? Cute design , maybe I 'll hang it on the wall .
 I even wrote to the company . They said slather it in butter . I thought the point of silicone molds was simple release . Not so with this one . If I have a chocolate Bavarian , do I really want to slather it in butter ? Cute design , maybe I 'll hang it on the wall .
 Best buy by Consumer Reports but quality disappointing . After only a couple of months there 's space between the blade and handle of a couple of the knives . Would not order again .
 Decent for price but seem to constantly need sharpening and blades developed rust spots pretty quickly .
 God bless those pioneering women who had muscles like steel bands to crank a grinder handle for hours and the unexplained need to make meat mush from otherwise good meat . This has to be one of the worst retro-technology products that I have ever come across . From cutter blades that could n't cut soft cheese without making fondue , it to parts that must have been cast from the thousandth recast of the original . Nothing fits well , nothing works well ... in general it belongs where you see most of them , on a table at a garage sale with a $ 0.25 price tag . Do n't waste your time , money or musclepower .
 ALSO WAS RETURNED BY SOMEONE ELSE . BOX WAS OPEN AND IT HAD RUST ON IT
 I just received it , it is totally disappointed . It said it was new , but it is Open boxed , rust all over . Other than throw it into garabage can , I ca n't think of anything else . It is not worth to return it because of the two way postage .
 We bought this crockpot at Home Depot last year , for 19.99 . I have used it constantly , for many different meals , and always on low . It has , without fail , overcooked everything in sight ! My friend , who had one of these , warned me about this , and I thought , whatever ! but she was right . I have never had a crockpot that boils everything vigorously on LOW ! The lid rattles constantly during cooking , because of the boil . Take it from 2 people , this crockpot you can not leave and come home to , or you will have a dried out burned meal like we have . We 're having to spend the $ to buy another one , cause we 're finally fed up with this one .
 I 've owned this crock pot 2 years , and I 've learned to adjust cooking times , etc , but it cooks way too hot on low . Hot is n't much different than low , warm works fine . Yesterday the handle broke . It 's out of warranty , so I went to order the plastic replacement part . They are out of stock . I could order another lid , but it 's $ 10 , and another $ 9 for shipping . For a $ 40 crockpot that 's two years old , I wo n't bother . I 'm just going to replace it with another brand .
 I have a `` Little Dipper '' . Please be aware that you CAN NOT cook with this -- though that is only indicated in the instruction book . The cord for this cooker is too short for safety , making it virtually mandatory to use an extension cord . So much for safety . This is apparently designed for the narrow use of keeping dips warm . This might be acceptable , but the temperature is below the 140 degree level considered a minimum for safety by food service professionals . Also , you really have to heat the food separately and then put it in the pot -- a real nuisance . The clincher is that it 's a real pain to clean . Do not consider this Little Dipper a `` bonus '' ! Instead , consider that it probably needs to be discarded .
 I bought this unit to heat small area in my garage . I tested it but did n't need it for two years . The first time I used it for one hour the fan stopped . I tried to buy a new motor but it has no size info on it . Called Marley , they have no info because they import it . They said just buy a new unit . JUNK save your money . .
 this heater only lasted a year , It came with a big dent , it was poorley made i woulnt buy this again
 WORST customer service ever . `` your lucky you got 5 years out of it '' That is exactly what I was told by CS rep about the 450 dollar , broken heater I have . They offered me no help , no service , just said . . too bad . Only to find out , not only did I over pay ... but the product is junk ! Not made in the US as advertised . Not supported by the company for service . Contacted the retailer and was told `` Oh yes ... Marley is horrible for customer service , we have had problems with them as well '' Enter at your own risk folks !
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 Just received my new Copco Mirage Polished Stainless Steel Tea Kettle , eager to try it out . So disappointed ! The instructions say `` do n't turn the burner higher than medium '' -- on my electric stove , it takes forever to reach a weak boil at this setting . Worse , the whistle DOES NOT WORK . Even when it is boiling as much as it can , and there is a fair amount of steam coming out , the `` loud whistle '' is extremely faint -- it can not be heard at all from more than one foot away from the stove - seriously ! -LRB- The `` heat resistant handle '' also is misleading -- the instructions actually say ALWAYS USE A POTHOLDER . -RRB- This kettle is supposed to be Stainless Steel . So why do the instructions say that it must be carefully wiped dry inside after each use , in order to avoid rust ? The full `` Kettle Care '' directions should be listed online with the product so that anyone considering buying this kettle knows what they are getting into.This cute , shiny little gem -LRB- made in China -RRB- is not only SILENT , but such a delicate flower that it does not seem to be up to the stress of actually boiling any water for tea !
 Wow , Hobart/Kitchen Aid has been a main stay in my 30 years as certified Chef . This so called Professional 600 series is a joke.My American German mother and grand mother had hobarts in the 70 's and you could grind coffee , inexpensive beef cuts for sausage and farces , whole wheat ect ... ect . . This piece of gutless trash made in China is a phony baloney . That 's what happens when you ship jobs over seas . Cheap , cheap cheap.I ground some trimmed beef , its like the the grinder is a fake , it does not even compare to my hobart/kitchen aid from my first restaurant in 1988 . The cuter and blade are BS The quality has become so plastic , inferior metal , crummy gears that clank , pop and click . Its soooo sad.Hobart / Kitchen Aid was such a great tool and now complete crap . I 'm returning my 10 month old mixer after about 12 batches of cookies , 9 loaves of bread , dozen pizzas and could not even use the sausage stuffer because the grinder is a joke . The rubber edged paddle was such a great idea until it shrunk from washing by hand in hot water and will no longer fit on the mixer shaft . The metal paddle is not metal its cheap aluminum and it oxidized in the dish water . The new plunger design of the grinder is idiotic . This tool is for someone whom whats people to think they cook but really never do , its a staging mixer for selling a home . The motor sounds like its going to cry or poop its pants as soon as you do a double batch of chocolate chip cookies or grind anything.Who ever sold out to China for this great American company Kitchen Aid should go put their head in in a pile of flour for screwing up such a great company . Bye Bye Kitchen Aid China made junk.Will have to get a serious machine now like a Varimixer in Louisianan , Waring or a true Hobart in Ohio all made in the USA . a few thousand for a 20 quart , but it will be my last machine at least.USA products are still the best if we can just keep the owners of good companies from getting greedy and building in foreign countries and making inferior Box Store junk.Back to the grind in Lakewood , Colorado
 I ordered this because it was a bit bigger than the standard 4.5 qt and 5qt . and I do a lot of baking , so I thought the bigger one would be better.I got it pretty fast , but when I opened the box everything was missing or damaged . I think this might have been a return that was then sold to me as new!There was no paddle , no dough hook , and no pour shield ! All it had was the whip . Then on further inspection the tabs on both the bowl and the mixer were bent out of shape so the bowl would not attach at all . It was not even close to lining up.I contacted Amazon to return it and then tried to re-order the same color . Now the color I wanted is a lot more than it was a few days ago and no longer Prime , so I was forced to either order another color and pay more or order the smaller version . I decided on the smaller version -LRB- which still does not come in the color I wanted -RRB- . Not very happy at all .
 This post is related to using attachments for this Kitchen Aid.ATTACHMENT USED
 Died in 5 minutes out of the box . Had to rely on my 40 + yrs old 300 watt , 5qt , lift stand mixer , to finish the job . Glad I bought extended replacement warranty . Waiting for a new one that hopefully works . Whirlpool is making these mixers now . Think THAT 'S the real problem . Whirlpool wrecked a good name . Maybe I should drop some real coin on a real mixer , HOBART . Which the 40yr old 300 watt mixer was made by.KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 I purchased this for bread and pastry production at home after getting my associate 's degree in culinary arts . I thought the larger Kitchenaid with more power would perform as promised and have the `` oomph '' to make a two loaf batch of bread with plenty of power to spare.I am on my fourth one of these mixers ... This one is now broken with a gear box that failed as with the previous three . The good news on the previous failures was that they occured within a year of my purchase ... Kitchenaid 's help desk was great ... as long as you 're on warranty ... otherwise it 's `` see how fast we can get this guy off the phone . '' Repair this time will be $ 170 ... and , as near as I can tell , there will be no further warranty.THIS mixer does not stand up to dough kneading at the levels stated . It does n't have a shut down mechanism if the dough is too stiff ... it just strips its own cheap gear train and leaves you with a busted mixer ... better pray you 're still on warranty or tack 50 % of the price you paid onto the total cost of ownership for the repairs.I would recommend the Bosch 800 watt mixers if you are looking to make bread ... if you are going to make a batch of cookies every now and then or a cake , this Kitchenaid will do a great job , but , despite it 's impressive size it has no where near the power or capability promised . Ever since Hobart stopped making the KitchenAid appliances they are cheaply made and will fail if you really are doing professional level work and are not just a casual home kitchen cook . I have had similar failures with a KitchenAid hand mixer with poorly constructed wire beater that literally flew apart while I was creaming butter and sugar for a batch of cookies . I bought the Kitchenaid because the ones we had at school were great ... now I realize they were very old ... made by Hobart ... not these new , cheap versions as are sold here .
 I like this mixer , but wish I had waited a year and purchased the new cuisanart , which is now the highest rated mixer according to America 's Test Kitchen . I have been using the mixer to make bread dough , and every recipe except one causes the mixer to overheat and suddenly stop . It also produces a nasty smell . The recipes have been from numerous cookbooks , and did n't even involve lots of whole grain flour -LRB- 2 cups max -RRB- . There is only one bread recipe that does n't make it overheat , and that is for a really wet dough . I thought buying the more powerful mixer would mean that I would n't have a problem with dough recipes , but no luck . I am using recipes designed for standing mixers , and only using the low setting , but it does n't matter . I end up kneading by hand about 3 or 4 minutes in when the mixer overheats . Maybe I got a bum model , but the warranty is past , so I guess I am stuck with it . If you think you 'll be making bread with your new mixer , I would suggest checking out the new cuisanart !
 Picture working away on some holiday baking with the help of a fabulous KitchenAid mixer . Now picture the entire front , bottom piece of the mixer suddenly breaking off , sending the bowl flying before bouncing off the counter-top and clattering to the floor . Quite the surprise ! Buy this mixer and it could happen to you too.While it is not a common occurrence , the Professional 600 mixer has a known defect that causes the appliance to fail . If you do a little research on-line , you will see multiple complaints about the `` planetary gear output shaft assembly '' -LRB- aka PGOSA -RRB- uncoupling from many KitchenAid mixers that have elliptical movement . For layman 's terms , see the above first paragraph.KitchenAid was once on the short list of companies that could be counted on to stand behind their products . For many people , including myself , KitchenAid 's history of superior customer service was often the decision factor when purchasing both small and large appliances.As you may have guessed by now , my mixture is no longer within the one year warranty period . I offered to provide copies of the multiple references I found about the mixer 's defect , but as it turns out , KitchenAid is well aware of the problem.The customer service person advised me that it happens `` very rarely . '' She really seemed to think I would find it comforting to learn that in the whole time -LRB- almost one year ! -RRB- she has worked for KitchenAid , I was only the third person she had spoke to about the problem.I cared as much about being `` only '' the third person as much as she cared about hearing I had used my mixer less than twenty times before it failed . It did not matter to her at all.For the record , I understand what it means to be out of warranty and that KitchenAid is well within their right to blow me off . Since I am out of warranty , I am at their mercy and have no recourse regardless of how many times I have used -LRB- or not used -RRB- the mixer . I also understand that some companies choose to stand behind their products if they are aware of a problem.Sony is a great example . They handled all costs of repairing a television of mine that was WAY out of warranty . In fact , they told me about the defect and offered repair immediately , no hassle . Sony is now the only television I buy just because I know they stand behind what they sell.I have written to KitchenAid pleading my case and am hoping for a reprieve , but am not holding my breath . KitchenAid used to stand behind their products , but being gobbled up by Whirlpool changed that . If you are looking for a top of the line mixer , consider theViking Professional 5 - quart Stand Mixer , BlackorCuisinart SM-55BC 5-1/2 - Quart 12-Speed Stand Mixer , Brushed Chrome .
 I received my Professional 600 a few days ago . I mean , $ 229 ?! Right ?! Anyway , the mixer is being replaced by KitchenAid . Why ? None of the attachments fit the bowl/mixer . They attached , but they were too far from the mixing bowl . I own an Artisan and know the attachments should just barely miss the sides and bottom of the mixing bowl . I called Kitchen-Aid and was walked through the KitchenAid Dime Test * . Even after making the maximum adjustments to the mixer , the attachments were too far off . My mixer failed this test and is being replaced . It will take 10-15 business days , but they are replacing the mixer.If you are getting one of these mixers at this AMAZING price , Make Sure they are what they are supposed to be and operate as their full price siblings.I look forward to loving my Pro 600 . * The KitchenAid Dime Test
 I just really wanted to believe in a myth
 I have had the > $ 300.00 professional mixer for about 3 years . It quit lifting the bowel , some kind of jamb , with only light occasional use . I e-mailed the company and they offered to ship it to their service center for the price of $ 35.00 , with no guarantee of any fixes available . They will gladly , however , offer in the same e-mail , a RECONDITIONED mixer at a reduced price . WHAT ARE THEY THINKING ! They are showing a conflict of interest in their own words ! They ca n't loose - they either get me by charging a lot to fix mine , or send mine , if THEY DECIDE it is a total loss , to their refurbish area , fix it , and make money that way . Then , if I 'm really gullible , I 'll buy another at a reduced , refurbished price ! They kill their own reputation ! NEVER AGAIN !!!
 If you own a pre-2006 Kitchenaid Professional 600 , be aware that it will probably come to a grinding , screeching halt if you make a lot of bread . When it crashes you will be assaulted by one of the most painful and soul-crushing sounds you are likely to hear in a kitchen . Your beautiful mixer is dead . What is worse , Kitchenaid just does n't give a damn.My Professional 600 was a gift from my wife , who thought she was buying her bread-crazy husband the biggest , baddest mixer on the block . It is certainly marketed that way . `` The overachiever of the stand mixer family , it has a Flour Power rating of 14 cups . That means it can mix enough dough for 8 loaves of bread or 13 dozen cookies in a single bowl ... Powerfully churns through yeast bread dough and triple batches of cookie dough . `` So why did my 8-cup soft sandwich bread recipe kill it ? As it turns out , the Professional 600 mixers made before August of 2006 have a plastic gear housing that is completely inadequate for the size of the motor . Put a strain on the mixing head -- bread dough , for instance -- and the housing flexes , throwing the whole gear train out of alignment . When that happens every gear strips , locking up the whole assembly and causing an ear splitting shriek that will be etched in your memory forever . It is a horrible sound . Kitchenaid redesigned the gear housing in 2006 , replacing it with a metal housing capable of taking the load put out by the motor . They repaired the Professional 600s that died under warranty but did n't put out a service bulletin or recall notice for the others . We were left on our own . You see , the mixer does n't self destruct the first time you use it , the problem is cumulative . The flex gets worse with time until one day the gearbox flexes just far enough to cause a train wreck . It happened often enough that the Kitchenaid engineers built a new gearbox . They just did n't tell the rest of us . It took an engineer with a dead mixer to find out why the gears stripped the way they did.My mixer is out of warranty so I wanted to see what my options were . I did a little research and found dozens of other Professional 600 owners who experienced exaclty the symptoms and mixer death . One of them was an engineer who took his mixer apart . It was he who discovered why the gears stripped the way they did . There was a detailed analysis with photos on his website , but it is no longer available . Given that this was a known design flaw -- one that Kitchenaid admitted when redesigning the gearbox -- I asked them to cover the repair of my mixer . They refused , charging me $ 150 to replace the gears and gearbox housing . Their customer service representative claimed A -RRB- that mixing 8 cups of flour for seven minutes , rather than the recommended five , was responsible for the lockup that killed the mixer , and B -RRB- that while the gearbox did indeed crack , the gears stripped first , so the gearbox could n't have been the problem . I pointed out that the gearbox flexes , causing the gears to strip before the housing cracks but she did n't want to hear it . The problem was obviously my fault , and her tone suggested that I was probably lying about only mixing 8 cups of flour . It was an infuriating conversation . In short , Kitchenaid markets the Professional 600 as a heavy duty mixer designed to knead bread dough knowing that 90 % of their customers are going to be making cakes , cookies and meringues , which put no strain on the motor . It 's the 10 % of us who do bake bread -LRB- or use the meat grinder -RRB- on a regular basis who are screwed because Kitchenaid wo n't stand behind its products .
 I do not know what happened to Kitchenaid in recent years but their quality has gone downhill BADLY.My wife and I purchased the Kitchenaid `` Professional '' 600 mixer a couple of years ago . In the first six months it overheated while mixing a 6 cup pizza dough recipe and shut down . This was WELL under the maximum cups it claims to handle . After about 30 minutes it started working again . It has never sounded right since then . We talked to kitchenaid about the problem but because it was running their wasnt much they would do.Fast forward a couple of years and today the gearbox fell out that holds the mixing tool . I talked to Kitchenaid support about this issue and they informed me that they would gladly help by sending me a box to return it in and then bill me for the box and the return shipping . THEN I would have to pay $ 25 for a diagnostic fee and at that point I would be notified how much it would actually cost to fix it.Low quality , short life-span for a $ 400 mixer that got used about 2 times a month .
 I was so excited to order and receive this item last year . However , I have n't been impressed with it at all , and I always end up pulling out my hand mixer . I 've tried using this mixer for heavy doughs , for cake batter , for cookie batter , etc. . The problem is that it does n't thoroughly mix my ingredients . I always end up with unmixed , dry ingredients at the bottom of the bowl . Is this possibly a flaw in my particular mixer ? I do n't know . The other thing I do n't like about this mixer is that it is n't easy to add ingredients because the head does n't tilt back . I 'm sorry that I chose this model , thinking that the more expensive mixer would be better . You do n't always get what you pay for , and this mixer is proof of that . I have actually been reading reviews that state that the smaller , tilt head Kitchenaid Artisan series mixers work really well . For that reason , I 'm thinking I 'll replace this model with one from the Artisan series . I waited for a long time to purchase a -LSB- ASIN : B0002Y5X9W KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl -RSB- , and this has been nothing but a HUGE disappointment .
 I just received my new KP26M1PSL with serial # starting with W14 . I am not sure but the mixer looks used . The attachments are blemished like someone washed them in a dishwasher or they were stored in a damp place for a long time . Could be the second one since I read serial numbers starting with W14 are the older discontinued model . Yes you are not supposed to wash the parts in a dishwasher.I unpacked the mixer and decided to give it a try . Started mixing my favorite pizza dough first on speed 1 . 2-3 minutes later I switched to speed 2 -LRB- per the booklet -RRB- and after only 1 minute heavy smoke started coming out the back of the machine . I called customer service and talked to Justice . She was helpful and placed a replacement order . Unfortunately they are on back order and it will take 2-4 weeks before I get the replacement . Hopefully it will be an unit with serial above W15 . I will report after I receive it .
 I 'm so disappointed in this Kitchenaid stand mixer . I had the little home model -LRB- 400 series -RRB- for 15 years before I finally wore it out . We replaced the gear in it and it still works . I am a serious home baker . I make all of our bread , maybe about 4-6 loaves per week . i wanted this larger model so that I could make 4 loaves of bread at the same time . I had to have it replaced by kitchenaid before a year was up because it stripped a gear . Then the replacement had to be replaced after only 5 months of use . My sister has had the same problem with hers . I follow the directions for kneading bread - speed 2 and within just 5 minutes , the mixer is overheated and making an aweful smell . And then I have to pull the dough out and knead it by hand until the dough is kneaded enough . I really want a machine to do all the work for me if I am going to pay this kind of money . I chose to stay with Kitchenaid because I have many of the attachments that go with it . I would have thought that a product labeled `` Professional Series '' would certainly have held up to home use . Kitchenaid needs to come up with a better product if they are going to give it that label . The home model worked much better , but unfortunately does n't have a large enough capacity . On the bright side , this machine can whip cream in just a minute or two . I ended up selling the replacement , keeping my 16 year old home model to use my attachments with and buying a Bosch . I have been much more happy with the Bosch . It never overheats and can knead dough for 6 loaves of bread for 12 minutes without stopping . It 's a workhorse . If you want a mixer for bread , go with the Bosch , it is more $ but worth every penny .
 I purchased this mixer in May 2008 . I used it 3-4 times a day , usually to whip cream or egg whites , occasionally cookie batters . It has not even been one year , and my mixer no longer shifts gears for different speeds . I essentially have a mixer with two speeds , low and high . I contacted kitchenaid and was basically told tough luck , your warranty expired . I expected kitchenaid to stand by their products , but apparently not . So now I 'm stuck with a virtually useless stand mixer that I paid over $ 300 for .
 I have owned 7 of these mixers in 7 years , trying to make bread . Each year , the mixer fails within several months and is cheerfully replaced by Kitchenaid . As other reviewers have stated , the gearing is simply faulty and any slight strain will quickly -LRB- within months -RRB- destroy the gearing . If you do not make bread , this product might work well for years , but then you should buy a cheaper less powerful model than this . If you make bread , this product will fail ! After 7 replacements , Kitchenaid refused any more returns . THIS IS A TERRIBLE PRODUCT and Kitchenaid is well aware of this and still refuses to fix the gearing . STAY AWAY FROM THIS MIXER !
 I purchased this machine as our family 's Christmas present a year and a half ago in order to mix our own whole-grain bread , based on the company 's advertising that it had a 14-cup flour capacity . That would mean I could mix four loaves of sandwich bread at a time . The first time I tried that , the machine would n't even turn , so I gave up on the four and have since been mixing two loaves of bread at a time , once or twice a week . It overheats every time I make bagels -LRB- 5 cups flour -RRB- or french breads -LRB- 7 or 8 cups flour -RRB- , and died this morning mixing two loaves of rye/white bread.I called customer service , and they told me that I was clearly overloading the machine , since they only mean 14 cups total product , if you 're using all-purpose white flour -LRB- so the 14 would include water , too -RRB- . She said that with whole grains , the machine should only be expected to take 8 cups of product-flour and water together . This is not stated anywhere in the manual or advertising , and now they want up to $ 200 to ship it and repair it , and if I ship it -LRB- $ 32 -RRB- and do n't want to pay the repair , I 'd owe $ 25 for the privilege of getting screwed by them.This is patently false advertising . KitchenAid knows that people following the manual will break their machines making bread , even though the Professional model is advertised as perfect for artisan home baking . The one-year warranty is no accident . If you bake bread , your machine will break , and probably not long after a year . We are now out hundreds of carefully-saved dollars . we could have been buying bread from the Whole Foods bakery and saved money over this . Not only are these weak machines , but they are sold under false pretenses , assuming that most people wo n't get around to using them the way they are advertised to be used.I 'm going to buy a Bosch today , and hope for better results . Do n't waste your money or time .
 I have a 12 year old 325 watt Heavy Duty KitchenAid stand mixer that works great but I wanted a mixer that could handle larger batches of bread dough . I gave my new 600 three chances using the same 2 loaf recipe that I used with my old mixer . I was very disappointed , in fact my old mixer did a much better job . In my opinion the KA Heavy Duty is better built and I noticed they weighed about the same . The bowl in the 600 rocked around from the force . As I added flour the mixer would stall . The 600 ended up taking more time to make the same amount of dough . I finally realized it would be best to send it back and now have my old `` stand '' by back in its place . I give my old KA Heavy Duty 5 stars , the KA 600 1 star .
 My first KA was the 5 qt stand mixer . I used it 20 yrs - and gave it away . I replaced it with the KP26 mixer , their biggest and best . The accessories do n't work -LRB- cut -RRB- like the old atch did , the machine is a monstrosity that takes too much counter space , and everything I 've prepped on it so far - something has gone wrong . I got an unbelievable price via Amazon promotion , but it 's just too big for my kitchen . My first use involved the veggie shredder and it felt like the shaft of the shredder was bending as I applied pressure to the potato . This gave an impression I was forcing improperly , but fact is - on first use this shredder would barely cut a potato ; my first shredder -LRB- yrs ago -RRB- went through potatoes like a hot knife through soft butter.Make sure you need a model this large before you buy it .
 my mixer died within a year under very mild usage . customer service was very rude . she accused me either not using the machine correctly or my recipes are wrong . Also , she said the mixer should not be on for more than two minutes when it is on high speed . I was using speed TWO !!! And what kind of $ 300 mixer should be expected not to run for more than two minute ?! If they want to charge $ 300 for a mixer , I expect that they should do a better quality control , products and customer services wise .
 My husband coached me in to buying the 600 Professional Series after watching my 5 Series -LRB- purchased refurbished 5 yrs ago in 2004 -RRB- strain under the pressure of whole wheat bread dough . He reasoned that I could sell the old one while it worked well , buy the new model , and have an extended life on my breadmaking . I researched and read that KA had switched out from the plastic gearbox to an `` all metal construction '' and I thought this would surely be the penultimate of mixers.I bake once a week for my small family - 1 loaf of 100 % whole wheat bread - 3 cups of flour . Half whole wheat all-purpose -LRB- stone ground -RRB- , half cracked wheat . Every 3-4 weeks I make pizza dough with the same recipe . No worries , right?Yeah , that 's what I thought , too . The new machine was so * pretty * and * powerful * - I was hooked like a fish on a line . I noticed the noise factor -LRB- WAY noisier and shriller than my old machine -RRB- , but decided the extra `` power '' was worth it . Until the machine locked up while working a 3 c. flour loaf of bread . It 's not a dense bread - has all of the requisite dough conditioners and vital wheat gluten - but it froze . I freaked out and read in the book that if it overheats , it will cool within 30 minutes and be fine . I stopped freaking out and went about my kitchen tasks , and sure enough , the mixer was fine in 30 minutes & my dough continued its kneading as normal.Fast forward to August ; I 've baked bread weekly from December '09 through June ' 10 , took the month of July off to move across country , and picked back up in August . Today , I made a normal 3c . flour recipe and after 4 minutes of kneading on SPEED TWO , I hear some * horrible * screeching from the kitchen . My son and I both run in there at the same time and flip the machine off - when I tentatively turn it back on , the motor works -LRB- sounds awful -RRB- but the attachment shaft -LRB- with dough hook -RRB- will not move . aUgH.I finished my dough by hand while I 'm on hold with a KA CSR and after being grilled about how much flour , the fact that I `` should n't knead it for so long '' and should n't use more than 9c . of `` non-all purpose flour . '' Ummm ... pretty sure that 3 c. of mixed flour is n't * supposed * to strain the `` all metal construction '' motor , ma'am . The response from the CSR ? `` Oh . '' 0_oSo after the appropriate chastisement -LRB- from KA to me , of course - I receive 39 lashes with a wet noodle for using the machine with the appropriate amount of flour and an appropriate recipe -RRB- , they are sending me a new KA 600 Professional Mixer . Not in my chosen colour -LRB- meringue -RRB- , but in glossy white . The difference is that now I will not open it - I will sell it immediately and recoup as much of my money as I can . I 'm headed to Bosch Universal-land , where the machines are actually BUILT for bread making.I 'll be hand-kneading dough for a while , but I 'll grudgingly say that if making cake , brownie , and cookie doughs are where you 're at , this is a perfect machine . I have mixed whole wheat homemade brownies in it , cakes , frostings , and ice cream bases without a problem . It is NOT , however , designed for the serious bread-maker . Which is a shame - because I bought it based on its `` powerhouse '' label and how much stronger it claimed to be . I now I completely regret selling my older model . : \
 I have just gone through my second mixer in two years . The first one I owned , the motor blew out and KA replaced the mixer . The mixer they gave me broke 1 and half years later -LRB- the entire mixing unit fell out from under itself ; the metal dowel just snapped -RRB- . I paid close to $ 500 on this unit originally , and feel that the machine should have outlived me . KA said there was nothing they could do because the machine only has a 1 year warranty.I believe that at one time KA was a reputable manufacturer that created good machines . But now they are just spitting out poorly manufactured units and offering terrible customer service in return . A company should stand by a product that they charge such a large amount for . That 's quality customer service . KA can learn something from companies ike LL Bean who stand by their products by offering a life time warranty.I would not recommend this machine and I will no longer purchase KA products after the last experience I had with this company . I would caution anyone considering this machine . Look for a product that has at least a 2-3 year warranty .
 I used to love my Kitchenaid . My Mom never owned one , so when my husband surprised me and bought me mine , I was thrilled . I have owned it less then five years and it 's already giving out . Since day one it has been so loud that you have to yell to have a conversion . It now turns off when I am trying to make a simple loaf of bread -LRB- it never used to turn off -RRB- and if you make bread you know it 's a pain to have to wait for it to cool back down before you can continue . I know its ' supposed to turn off when it overheats , but kneading white bread for 6 minutes does n't sound like it should overheat to me.Also , there is only a one year warranty on the appliance . In my opinion , that 's not very long to test drive a 500.00 mixer . My first car did n't cost a whole lot more than that and I drove it for ten and sold it when it was 18 years old . I wish I had know the insane loudness was not normal , but I did n't till about year three . Also , I would 've been happy if the customer service had cared a little , they did n't . They understood my circumstance ` must be frustrating ' but they did n't care enough to even give me a little bit of credit towards a new one . My Mother-in-law has owned hers for over thirty years and has never had a problem ; guess we can conclude that things are not made like they used to be . Kitchenaid makes their mixers at a lower grade quality so we all have to buy new ones after a few years.If I could go back , I would 've bought a cheaper brand , which probably would 've lasted five years too . Then , when I had to replace it I would n't have felt so bad . After all , 100.00 each year on a mixer sounds like a lot to me .
 Got a Professional 600 mixer as a gift replacing my 21 year old , tilt top KitchenAid model that was still working just fine . I wanted to give it a try so after making sure the bowl and mixing attachments were adjusted properly , I made my regular double batch of chocolate chip cookies . I always use the wire whip attachment for this recipe so I did the same with the new model . I spent a lot more time scraping the sides of the bowl . The whip is close to the bottom of the bowl but on the sides it is very far away and leaves a lot of batter that dose n't get incorporated and needs scraping . The scraping was awkward to do . I could scrape about 2/3 's of the bowl and then had to move the whip to get the rest -LRB- Never a problem in the tilt top -RRB- . It took me a lot longer to get the dough ready . Then , when it came time to take the bowl off , I had to mash the whip down into the batter to get the bowl off . This then required extra time to clean it off . I also found the mixer to be excessively noisy . I 'm hoping it will quiet down with use but considered going to the garage to get hearing protection as the loud whine was very unpleasant -LRB- much louder than my tilt top model -RRB- . Oh , and you ca n't wash the whip , paddle or dough hook in the dishwasher ... Really ? . In conclusion , I wish I still had my tilt top KitchenAid model .
 Please , do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY a KitchenAid Mixer . We purchased one for my wife and this unit was used 4 times before it quit working . We had contacted KitchenAid/Whirlpool about this failure and were told that nothing could be done as it had been outside of the 1 year warranty . It was 1yr . and 3 days to the date of purchase . So for the 3 days of `` extra '' warranty I was asking for , this company chose to ignore the customer . I will , NEVER purchase an item from KitchenAid/Whirlpool again . I wish everyone who owns on the best of luck but be prepared to spend more money soon .
 I bought this 6 quart 575 watt kitchenaid mixer in 2008 . Wanted to buy the best . Boy , do I regret this purchase . Just tried to make fudge tonight and the mixer wo n't even turn on . Still looks brand new - only used it about 5 times . Called customer service but since I bought it 3 years ago , it is not under warranty . Doubt I even used it for an hour total since I bought it . They told me it would cost $ 32 to ship it back to them and then someone would contact me with a price to fix it . Looked on other web sites and a motor costs about $ 80 + so not looking to throw hundreds of dollars into this piece of junk.Tried to make mashed potatos using the mixer but they would always be cold by the time I got done following the recipe in the kitchenaid book . Even bought a water jacket to fill up with hot water to keep the potatos warm , but always ended up with cold potatos . So I ended up only using this VERY EXPENSIVE mixer to make fudge and cookies for Christmas . So now I own a $ 350 + door stop . I will never buy another kitchenaid product .
 Waring - This product has a major design flaw . It has a plastic transmission case that will break with normal use . Kitchenaid will not replace the part.This mixer has a plastic transmission housing that will break under normal use . Mine did ; Google it you will see . There are pictures of broken transmission housings on Amazon.In addition , this mixer will overheat if you knead dough . It might have the power but it does not have the cooling capacity to cool the motor.When I called Kitchenaid customer support they told me that I would have to pay for a metal housing replacement and I would have to send the mixer in to have it replaced.If you are stuck with one of these lemons you can get a metal transmission housing from
 Returned the mixer as it could n't handle six cups of flour for a bread recipe . The motor seized up after a few minutes . Before that , the bowl jumped off & on the holding knobs .
 This is the third Kitchen Aid mixer I have bought and it has lasted the longest . The first two lasted just over a year each , this one -LRB- the Professional 600 Series 6 quart Stand Mixer -RRB- has lasted from December of 2006 to today february 28 , 2009 . The gears have gone on this one , just like the first one and the second one the plastic housing broke . This one also has a plastic housing but a little more substantial.They work great when they work but they do n't last that long . I just bought another one for our Daughter for Christmas -LRB- the professional 600 series -RRB- thinking that Kitchen-aid finally got it right . We will see how long it lasts .
 I bought this model KT2651XWW Epicurean 6 qt machine for myself as I have been drooling over getting one for years . I used it 3 times for christmas and then pulled it out this year to find it does not work . It does not even turn on.I am really disappointed ; it does have metal housing and feels like a workhorse but wants to be out to pasture way before it 's time . I am in process now of attempting to get it repaired or a motor to fix it myself .
 Just look at what comes with it to start with , none of the beaters are dishwasher safe.And most of the accessories are not either.Can not even handle a five cup dough recipe without burning up , one of the most disappointing purchases I have made.And a lot of good a return policy is when it will cost forty dollars to ship it for service .
 I received this item in only the packing you would see on the store shelf . It has black grease all over it . There is yellow goop and black grease where your hands can contact it when raising and lowering the bowl . The whisk beater clangs against the bowl with every revolution of the motor.I am highly dissappointed and expect a new one to be sent immediately .
 We used at home 3 times the third one we realized that the `` steinless steel '' bowl was rusting . This series pretend to be the most trendy -LRB- ... and expensive -RRB- . Brought back to Macy 's and bye bye , no regrets.My next one will be a EU 's ` Bosh ' if I can find one at 110 V. otherwise better nothing then a $ 450.00 appliance that rust almost immediately on hand-washing !!!
 El d&iacute;a de ayer recib&iacute; un KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer que adquir&iacute; de amazon como seller . El mismo al ser probado NO FUNCIONO -LRB- al enchufarlo no encendi&oacute; a pesar de seguir todas las recomendaciones del equipo -RRB- . Debo resaltar que al recibirlo note unas marcas de pintura de un color m&aacute;s oscuro que el del kitchenAid , cercano al cable de alimentaci&oacute;n , lo que podr&iacute;a hacer pensar que el equipo era usado a pesar de haber negociado uno nuevo . Agradezco atender esta situaci&oacute;n . Es de hacer notar que NO es la primera vez que hago compras por este medio y NUNCA hab&iacute;a tenido problemas . Me gustar&iacute;a saber si est&aacute; en sus manos solventar este inconveniente.En espera de una respuesta , Atte
 Device is very badNot deserve any one dollarNow is corrupt did not complete a month of his arrival to and had come to ruinI do not recommendIt is a waste of moneyThis my email for any questionpkhk400@hotmail.com&#1581;&#1606;&#1575;&#1606;KitchenAid KP26M1XWH Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , White
 Do not believe the rebate deal . It 's a lie . I never receive my $ 50 cash rebate , even though I know that they definitely receive my rebate information . The food mixer itself is just like other mixers , it is workable , no outstanding function . However , be careful to deal with those big companies , we consumers always could be take a advantage by them !!!
 Junk - attachments decompose upon washing - health hazard . Mixer okay , attachments are not to be put in dishwasher , what kind of metal ca n't tolerate the dishwasher ? Yep , something that is n't metal ... Junk !
 Do NOT buy this mixer . Ours broke after only one year of use . Oil began to leak around the attachment hub and it began to make a grinding noise . While we were using ours primarily for kneading , we never exceeded the 14 cup limit on page 54 of the manual . Suffice to say , this is a product with built-in obsolescence .
 I just got home and found my new kitchen aid mixer waiting for me . I took it out of the box and plugged it in and it ran for 5 seconds and cut off . It does this each time I try to use it . I contacted customer service and was told the unit was old and out of warranty . It is not supposed to be a refurbished mixer . -LRB- I just ordered it from amazon -RRB- I must fax them a copy of the shipping invoice before they send me a new machine . My initial impression is bad product not worth the high cost but good customer service . The mixer was much louder than expected and the fit and finish of the mixer and accessories does n't match what I have seen in stores . I 'll repost when I get my new mixer.UPDATEHere it is 3 years later and the mixer is working great . Do n't know how I lived without it . However unless you need to make 2 to 4 loaves of bread at a time I would get the smaller one .
 I had a Kitchenaid mixer for 25 years and loved it . What happened to this company . Wish I had paid attention to the negative reviews on the 6 quart mixer . Will never buy another Kitchenaid . This mixer is horrible . Followed directions carefully . Did not mix bread above 2 . Can not even mix one batch of bread or cookies without problems . Please be advised this mixer has serious problems . I would give it no stars .
 I was so excited when buying this on a super deal , but I now know why it was a super deal . For some reason the the rubber handle that should have been on the lever to put the bowl up and down , is missing , not like the ones you buy at the store . If you have an attachment on and you want to remove the bowl , it can become very messy , not enough room to get bowl off if it has stuff in it . Also , much LOUDER than other Kitchenaid mixers of this same type , I am assuming that is why it was on a special deal , becuase it is very LOUD.A bit disappointed , not sure I will buy a special deal again , with the experience I have had . I had waited 5 years to buy one , and now realized should spent more money to buy in the store .
 My wife bought this mixer for me for making bread . It failed withing the first few months . The metal gears are very cheap -LRB- trash in my opinion -RRB- . KitchenAid replaced the mixer . A few more months and the same thing happened again . KitchenAid did n't want to replace it this time and claimed I over-worked the mixer and that their mixer was only authorized to mix recipes that they KitchenAid provides . Does this sound absurd to anyone else out there ? Mixing normal bread doughs will destroy this mixer . I have always run this mixer at recommended speeds also . Another few months pass and gears fail a third time . Obviously there is a major design problem here . This time KitchenAid ayas my warranty expired , that there is nothing wrong with the gears , that I am mis-using the mixer and that I can not run the mixer intermitantly for 30 minutes as this is considered abuse . Furthermore they claim the gears are fine because `` there has been no recall on this unit '' . This company is a disgrace !! I would never buy anything from this company again . Look somewhere else for a quality mixer .
 I loved my KitchenAid mixer until it died . I made four loaves of bread a week with my mixer , plus pizza dough and cookies . It was a nice addition to my kitchen since I bake a lot.Today while making my bread the machine just quit . I waited for 30 min as the manual states and tried it again and nothing !! $ 350.00 down the drain . I called customer service and all they could tell me was that my warranty was up and they could try fixing it ... no thanks . To my suprise many other people out here are having similiar problems with this machine . I was proud to have a made in the USA product in my kitchen , but it should last longer than two years . They only offer a 1 year warranty on a product that costs this much . Now I am looking at purchasing a Bosch mixer . I have three friends who have them and they have lasted for years . We will see if the newer ones hold up.Update
 I bought one pro 600 in 2010 before Mother 's day . The problem occured in Oct 2011 . It last about one and half year . The problem is the gears . The gears wears out EASILY -LRB- Convicing evident
 I have had my kitchenaid for less than 3 years and have probably used it 15 times total I am in the middle of making bread and it started making a weird noise and sounds like the motor is gone . I am very disgusted to think we paid $ 300 for a mixer that you are going to get less than 3 years use for that amount of money I will do some research before buying a new one .
 I had an Artisan mixer for over 10 years until the motor recently burned out . . I decided to upgrade to the professional mixer . . I had the mixer exactly 2 days and a piece broke because it was cheaply made . . I then tried to make bread , which is why I bought it , and the motor got so hot after a few minutes , i turned it off in fear it would blow . . I decided after that to send it back as it was not worth the money . . I will be buying the Artisan again in the near future . .
 Purchased mixer for Christmas last year . Make 3 loaves of bread 1 to 2 times a week . 3 loaves is max ... and the worm gear finally destroyed itself . This is 2nd Kitchen Aide mixer and the assumption at time of purchase is this would be an upgrade from older smaller one . Despite marketing claims ... no difference when it comes to bread.Looks like its time for a Bosch !
 I bought one of these in Dec 2008 . It quit working after about 9months . Great return policy . However , a year and a half into using the replacement , the same problem occurred . While mixing 1 large loaf of white flour bread , the gears started to grind and the machine stopped . Everything I 've read about these newer KAs is that they can not handle bread dough . so even though I got the one that is supposed to work for `` 14 cups of flour '' , a `` double batch of bread dough '' , and has `` commericail style performance '' , it is junk for the main activity I need it for . do n't buy it if that is how you want to use it . I 've given up on KA and will be trying something different .
 Well , I purchased this PROFESSIONAL 600 6 qt stand mixer . Well , it looks great make a lot of noise.If you prepare eggs , soft batter , custards etc it would do the job.However , if you do bread dough , pizza dough SAVE YOUR MONEY I have had the old kitchenaid about 30 years made by HOBART . It is still going after making bread dougs 3 times a week , grinding w/att . Moz cheese 10lbs at a time -- NEVER A PROBLEM.Now with the new 6qt stand mixer it lasted 6 months.Sad to say service was a issue - the cost of sending it to be repared ? then will it last ???? So I bit the bullet and dumped it !! So I purchased a 7 gt commercial stand mixer -- My wife used it for christmas and can `` t believe she can double her recipe.I can only say if your going to use it for breads SAVE YOUR MONEY-I now know why KITCHENAID put AID into its product-YOU NEED A LOT OF AID !!!
 I just purchase this mixer and it wo n't start . This is my third KA mixer , and may be my last . I guess its going back . Will contact Amazon about return .
 Used for one season , then the gear freezeed because of worn gear . Buy parts to replace it , freeze and worn out again , also found out plastic housing leaks with grease . I do not want to have any nightmare with it anymore and would not like to see it again ; I waste money and time on it . I know it may get fixe by the manufacture , but mine is dead , and I will not trust the name anymore and will try not to buy this name . I just put it to recyle can .
 This 600 series does not deserve the description `` Professional '' . The technical difficulties are well described by the other comments . It is a disappointing product . After the warranty period the mixer broke down . During the kneading of bread dough the mixing part `` popped '' and whilst the engine was still working , part of the mixer fell off into the dough . Customer service was unhelpful and told us to expect to wait 4 to 8 weeks and pay CAD 120 for the replacement part . We used the mixer on an average two times a week and well within the indicated limits .
 I purchased the professional 600 . The first time I used it I put six cups of all purpose flower and after three minutes it started to smoke and than stoped working . I returnet it .
 This mixer makes me angry every time I use it . I used the artisan type previously and got this one because I wanted to make my own bread but have some bone/muscle issues that make hand kneading very painful , and I read the professional series is much better for bread enthusiasts.Unfortunately , this mixer ca n't even come close to kneading `` double batches of bread dough . '' The machine starts to overheat and turn off every time I want to use it to make anything with bread flour or whole wheat flour . The recipe of bread I tried just today contains 7 cups of flour - 3 cups of whole wheat and 4 of all purpose , to be kneaded for 15 minutes . I 've read that the machine can only handle about 6 cups of high gluten flour at once but this is nowhere near that , and it still ca n't handle it.Since kneading the whole batch did n't work , I decided to knead half of the batch each time . Sure , it would take twice as long , but it is n't too terrible . But this did n't work , either . The machine turned off after kneading for less than 5 minutes at speed 2 . So now the machine is showing it 's not even capable of mixing 3.5 cups of flour , only 1.5 of which are whole wheat/high gluten!Instead of taking 30 minutes to knead one batch of dough , it is now going to take me 20 just to wait for the machine to cool down enough to try again . Then it is going to take another 5-10 minutes to knead the dough , then -LRB- if the machine has n't turned itself off by now -RRB- I have to do the remaining dough for another 15 minutes , which will hopefully not turn off while it kneads but it probably will , so another 20 minutes , then another 10 . It 's going to take over an hour just to knead some dough , and by that point I 'm usually so fed up I 'm ready to just chuck the dough in the trash and not bother.If I could go back in time and get some other kind of machine that could actually do this kneading I would in a heartbeat , and not bother with Kitchenaid mixers in the future . A shame , as I saved up for a long time and it turned out to be so utterly disappointing . I want to be able to make things that call for bread flour or whole wheat flour and not have to go through all this waiting every single time , but no such luck . Unless I want to stick to only all purpose flour breads , that is . And who would ?
 A poorly designed head on this series resulted in the mixer literally falling apart in to the food I was making . I swore by Kitchen Aid back when I worked in restaurants . I convinced my wife to go along with me on purchasing the Pro . Now my loyalty makes me look like an idiot . We called Kitchenaid , but they failed to stand by the mixer - and they lost a strong advocate for their brand .
 Bought the unit online from Amazon on January 27 , 2011 . Today May 23 , 2011 it gave out . Called Kitchenaid and gave them the shipping address to the UPS store that I have an account to . Because of the address they accused me of using it for commercial purposes . The reason I use a UPS store is because I live in Texas on the border of Mexico . If you have anything shipped to your house down here and left in front of your door it will be stolen . I am retired and do a lot of cooking at home with my wife . We bought the attachments for the mixer too . When you talk to customer service they make it sound like you are not suppose to use the product that much . I guess you are suppose to leave it on the counter top as a conversation piece . After clearing that up they tell me that the replacement will take 7 to 10 days.I remember my mother had a kitchenaid stand mixer that lasted over 40 users . When I threw it out it was still working but at the time I did not have any need for it then but I do now . When they say they do n't make them like they use to , it is true .
 I purchased the Pro 600 because I like to bake bread . The first one I received in November , 2009 stopped working the first time I used it . I resorted to my trusty 25 year old Oster . They sent me a new one and I returned the non-working one -LRB- after just 1 try -RRB- . The second one I received does work , but I am not happy with it . After 3-4 minutes , the machine shuts down and I end up finishing kneading the bread by hand . Once the machine cools off , it eventually will start again - but who wants to wait that long !!!! I called Kitchen-Aid to register my complaint and basically , they told me that I 'm SOL . The machine is designed to shut down when it gets hot and it 's doing what it 's designed to do . I also did not overload the machine . This machine is equipped to handle 8 cups of whole wheat flour -LRB- or so they say -RRB- , when I actually use 6-7 cups of whole wheat flour . So , I was not maxing the capacity out . If you just want to mix a box cake batter , it would be fine -LRB- but you would be able to complete that task with a cheaper mixer -RRB- . If you are a serious bread baker , skip this product . I 'm switching to Hobart !
 Ok here it goes ... My mom -LRB- a small time baker -RRB- has been using the base model -LRB- tilt-head -RRB- mixer for 15 years . She has made over 2,000 cakes and it is still beating strong ! I decided to get my own but upgrade to the 600-series . So excited like a kid on Christmas I used it last night for the first time . I now have my own small time baking business so i am making cakes one after the next . Time is everything for me.Negative Reasons :1 . Without a tilt-head you need to remove the paddle to take the bowl out ! Too timely for me . And it is nice to lift the head and let the paddle drip back in the bowl . Cant do this with a bowl-lift feature .2 . Putting the bowl back on you must check that the bowl is sitting correctly on the hinges . again , to much time.WITH the Tilt-head , the bowl comes off and you can throw it back in very easily .3 . When turned on , the motor makes a very annoying screechy sounding humm . It annoyed me after about 45 seconds . Could you imagine if i did a whole day of baking with it ? A high-pitched scratchy sound ! The old model had a regular hum , nice ! 4 . When making identical cakes using the new mixer and my trusty old one ; guess which one was better ? Yep , the base model K90 mixer . The 600-series did not whip my eggs nearly as fast when set on the same speed .5 . After cakes , i moved on to mixing dough for homemade Gnocchi 's . Instructions say to not go above speed # 2 with the dough hook . I stayed on the stir level and the motor smelled like it was about to explode . It was struggling bad ! Not to mention the machine heated up - hot to the touch .6 . You need to adjust it so the bowl and the paddle attachment are touching . Right from the box , they sit about 1/2 inch apart which will not mix bottom ingredients.Positives :1 . the color red was pretty2 . The bigger bowl was nice . But doubt if filled to capacity it would hold up . I only had it filled half way.I am very disappointed ! Mostly because the motor overheated on the first day . This thing was n't cheap either . My old K90 series was better all the way around . I know the tilt head is my preference but there is no excuse for the engine to go after making one batch of gnocchi 's . I am returning this one and giving the 90th anniversary edition a go . After calling KitchenAid to report the issue the operator was very condescending and rude and suggested that I only use KitchenAid approved recipes when making anything . What ??!! The old mixers were quality , the newer ones are definitely not the same and the customer service STINKS !
 I was in the market for a new stand mixer . The 6 Qt . model had obvious appeal . Years ago , I used a KitchenAid 5 Qt - back in the days when they came only in white . However , I heard , here on Amazon , about the gearbox -LRB- plastic versus metal -RRB- problem that had developed when K'Aid decided to change from metal to plastic . I was concerned.I turned to the KitchenAid website -LRB- which had a users forum -RRB- and found that most of the posters were ` determined ' to be in love with their KitchenAid mixer , complete with pictures of it on their postings , and in many cases , actual pet names made up for it . I nearly expected to see some of the mixers donning a rhinestone collar and leash in the photographs . mmmm , not exactly power users there.Interesting that whenever the `` KitchenAid Answer Man '' was asked about the metal versus plastic gear housing , and whether the model -LRB- serial number tells the tale -RRB- that a poster had was metal or plastic , the `` answer man '' brushed this question off as being unimportant , but added that KitchenAid was in the process of returning to metal gearboxes . Subsequently , the person was attacked by others on the board , the general theme being that anyone with any issues with KitchenAid mixers was an obvious idiot and must have done something wrong - i.e overworked it , used it under water , failed to give it a precious enough name or have it professionally photographed for display on the site . Little substance and a great deal of emotion - the need to believe that this brand was reliable no matter how intelligent or well described another poster 's problem . On this -LRB- Amazon -RRB- site , I read of someone who wanted to ask this -LRB- plastic versus metal -RRB- question on the K'Aid site , but was rejected because the question had no merit , in KitchenAid 's opinion . Imagine if the K'Aid site were not actively filtered to favor people who named their mixers `` orange crush '' or `` pink lady '' and the like.I ended up buying a Hobart professional 5 qt mixer - 3 speeds , you need to turn the machine off before changing speeds - not the home user 's dream , but none of the nonsense of KitchenAid 's making an engineering blunder , followed by their refusal to fess up now that its in process of being fixed , and worse , refusing to identify which of their mixers in the field have the plastic housing . And to make matters worse , running a `` forum '' that purports to be an open discussion of appliance issues , when in reality , it seems to be more of a collection of , well , let 's say less-than-critical consumers.I DID purchase a K'Aid Pro-Line coffeemakerKitchenAid KPCM050NP Pro Line Single-Carafe Coffeemaker , Nickel Pearl . Problems with the pour spout , 3 replacement units in 2 years , still a defective pour spout that has been cited repeatedly on this website , but when described to the KitchenAid rep , a surprised reaction , as if that is the first time she heard about it . Since Pro-line appliances come with a 2 year no-questions asked replacement policy , they dutifully replace it every time an incapacitating problem occurs , which is frequently . However , as I pointed out in another post , when I purchased this item from KitchenAid , the idea was to spend the money up front and avoid hassles later on . In this case , K'Aid hase been cooperative enough to send me a new unit each time the old one has failed . But my vision of good service is reliability ... not of having a dedicated line to customer service to tell them that `` it happened again '' . Each time the UPS man pulls up with my replacement coffee maker , I unpack it and make him a cup for the road . I 'm tempted to ask him how many of these replacement units he delivers per day - he must be getting caffeine overdose.Good luck to those recent purchasers of the stand mixers . My strong advice would be to phone the K'Aid rep and give her your serial number and demand to know whether the gearbox is plastic or metal . If it is plastic , demand that they send you a replacement with a metal gearbox . I 've heard some on here talk about these mixers as if some users have the intention to pass them down to the next generation , a la `` grandmother 's KitchenAid '' . I think for that to be an option , you must ensure that you did not buy one of KitchenAid 's `` bad experiments '' - a unit with a plastic gearbox.Bob
 Got this after burning out an Artisan . This Professional lasted 1.5 years being used once a week on bread etc. . It basically will not hold up to any serious mixing requirement . To me `` professional '' means working most days with somewhat heavy loads ... and this could not have lasted more than a month or two judging by the amount of use it got from us . When calling customer service the representative explained that certain loads could not be dealt with by this mixer ... and yet it is called `` professional ? '' We are going up to a Viking I think or maybe Vollrath . -LRB- a day later -RRB- Nope , we got the NEW Pro-line mixer from KitchenAid -LRB- see pro-line website -RRB- because it has 2x weight capacity AND a FULL Five year replacement warranty ! Yes it was almost $ 700 but the bowl is , it seems , interchangeable , and compared to the 900-1400 $ units from other makers this seems the best deal . As of 12/18/2012 Amazon does not seem to offer this high line yet .
 I have had a professional 600 kitchenaid for about 5 or 6 years . I have now gone through 2 motors . It is noisy and vibrates on the counter . It gets hot . The whole kitchenaid machine will move with bread dough kneading . It simply does n't have the power to do big jobs . I use mine 3-4 times a week for various things , mainly cooking for my family . Buy something that lasts longer and does a better job .
 ** Let me start off saying that I am NOT a bread maker . I am strictly cookies , cakes and brownies . ** Two years ago , for our first anniversary , my husband bought me a KA Pro 610 to upgrade my KA Classic which was 8 years old and I loved it . Then , on 1/1/11 as I began whipping egg whites my prized KA started making strange sounds ! When I looked at it , I noticed the attachment shaft -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- was no longer nestled into the head and as I watched , the gap grew wider and the revolutions slowed to the point where it would n't even complete one full turn . Panicked , I turned it off and tried to shove the gap closed . It did close and I turned the machine on again on low and again watched as a gap grew . I literally called my husband crying when this happened . I was sick right before Christmas and I had n't been able to bake so I had planned on going on a baking spree for Valentine 's and Easter.I called KA and they were no help since my machine was two years old even though Williams Sonoma -LRB- where we had purchased it from -RRB- thought KA might help because it was a new-ish machine . KA told me I would have to ship the machine back to the factory for $ 30 and have them diagnose it . I 'm sorry but that is bull . First off , there is no way shipping that machine from Honolulu to the factory in Ohio will cost $ 30 . Secondly , why should I have to pay for it when it is obviously the workmanship of the machine ? I have never made anything thicker than oatmeal cookie dough in that machine and my KA Classic from Wal-Mart handled it just fine and is still going strong!It is unbelievable to me that my supposed `` Pro '' model that cost double and came from a cooking store has been outlived and outperformed by the Wal-Mart KA . My husband is now looking to replace my KA with a Viking.Oh , and I have n't seen this happen to anyone else , but for some reason , when I scraped batter/icing off of my flat paddle , it -LRB- the batter/icing -RRB- would have gray splotches on it . Yet another reason to move on from KA . Again , this never happened with the Classic model .
 I have been a KitchenAid mixer owner for over 35 years . My first mixer lasted almost 30 years of heavy use when I finally replaced it with a Professional 600 series mixer about 5 years ago . The new mixer had to be replaced under warranty within the first year because of a faulty control switch . The replacement was functioning well until it was stolen last year . My latest quest for another Professional 600 has been a complete nightmare . The first one I purchased failed after 3 months of light use - the motor started smoking and smelling hot when I was mixing a very light bread dough . KitchenAid replaced it with another Professional 600 which smoked heavily and burned on its very first use . I was not mixing dough heavier than the instructions suggest ; in fact , I was using the same recipe I have used for 35 years in my previous mixers . Rather than replace the latest model with another questionable Professional 600 , KitchenAid agreed to let me upgrade to the Commercial 7-quart model , but they are requiring me to pay the full retail price , less what I paid for this model I purchased through Amazon . -LRB- I NEVER pay retail ! The replacement is costing me over $ 100 than if I had purchased it on Amazon to begin with ! -RRB- I am hoping the commercial model will meet my needs . -LRB- It has not yet arrived . -RRB- Do yourself a favor - forget the Professional 600 series and head directly to the commercial model or another manufacturer if you are planning to mix anything heavier than a very light batter . This is a suggestion from a former very loyal KitchenAid fan . I loved my old mixer and really wanted to love this one as well . It is just not the mixer of the past !
 I have had this mixer for 3 years and had to have it replaced once , because the motor was making a funny noise . It has now started slipping gears ; it can not handle kneading a simple single white bread recipe . It gets hot and the gears slip . It is great for cake , icing , etc. . If you have heavier work to do-go with another brand .
 We bought this mixer 6 years ago , but only used it about once a month until about a year ago . I started making my own bread about 1x a week . It is a wheat bread 3c white / 3c wheat flour . After a few months , the engine burnt out . I 've had to change to 4c white & 2 c wheat because the mixer could n't handle it . Since then , I 've had to take it in two more times & have boon told by the repair tech . to either get a new mixer -LRB- he does n't ever recommend this mixer ! -RRB- the 5qt one , or quit making bread . So disappointed !! I 've spent over $ 300 in repairs on a `` professional '' mixer that can not even be used on a weekly basis .
 I purchased a kitchenaid 6 quart mixer and the plastic transmission housing broke . Unlike others who this happened to , Kitchenaid told me tough luck , it 's out of warranty.One would think a professional grade mixer could mix bread dough with the supplied dough hook .
 I 'm a professional chef with more than 30 years of experience . So I was n't expecting this to be the equivalent of any of the serious production workhorses I 've used . However , I was hoping that it was at least close to being as good as the Hobart produced KitchenAid that had served me faithfully for 27 years of home use before it finally gave out earlier this month . Not a chance.Sure it runs , it 's bigger and prettier and shinier . But that 's about all it has over the 5 Qt model that 's sitting in my basement waiting for me to rebuild it . Otherwise , it 's in all ways inferior . * It heats up fast , becoming hot to the touch withing a minute of mixing bread dough . The metal housing is flimsy , the lift handle is cheap metal capped with a chintzy plastic grip.The cover for the accessory port fell off - it 's `` crimped '' in by a cheap metal ring - the first time I opened it to install a meat grinder and the overall feel of the thing suggests that if it lasts 5 years it will be a miracle . But I 'm not giving it a chance to prove me wrong . I 'm sending it back and not buying another KitchenAid mixer . -LRB- Not a new one anyway . -RRB- Oh , I almost forgot . The noise this thing makes is horrible . It whines like a big mosquito . In fact , the whine is so annoying that it makes my dogs bark and run away . I kid you not . * I just remembered that there was at least one thing about this machine that was superior to my 27year old model
 I tried it for the first time today at making merangues on my pies . It came out so heavythat it fell though the filling even though it was cold and set . My cheap $ 9 . hand mixerdoes a much better job . I have been making merangues for a long time and this is the first timeit came out heavy like marshmellow cream . All my others done with the hand mixer come out fineand light.It looks like it will only be good for pie dough or bread dough and mixing things . I had theone without the shield and the head set too low , so they sent me the upgrade one . I am glad Idid n't have to pay the cost they are asking for this piece of junk.I wish someone would have warned me in the reviews , but it seems no one does merangues with theirsI suppose . If I was doing just a desert of merangue by it ` self , it would have been alright , but forpies it a piece of crap .
 We have never owned a stand mixer so we were excited to use it -LRB- Kitchenaid KP26M1PGC Professional 600 Series -RRB- for the first time . Our excitement was short lived because the bowl on the mixer pops off when using the dough hook . My daughter had it come off when making a small batch of holiday treats and I had it come off when making pizza dough that only had three cups of flour in it . The motor also sounded loud and appeared to struggle when working the pizza dough.We will either send the mixer back or modify it so that the bowl stays it place .
 The gearbox broke after ~ 15 uses in ~ 2 years . Since it was out of waranty , Kitchenaid made no efforts to `` make it right '' in any way . I realize they ca n't support products for ever , but in this case , I consider it a faulty product .
 This is a great mixer if you enjoy baking cakes and cookies . However , I can not recommend it for bread baking as it is not good at handling large quantities of dough , nor can the motor handle a stiff dough - the motor will burn out , smoke , or shed grease - and simply will not last . Get the Magic Mill or better yet , the Bosch with the metal bowl , if you are serious about baking bread .
 I got a 620 Limited Edition mixer for a gift less than 4 years ago . I followed all the instructions , and used it once every week or so to make bread . Small batches , well under the advertised limit.My mixer is now in the process of burning up , and it drips oil and a fine black powder out of the drive for the dough hook into my dough . Gross!Time to give up on KitchenAid and move on to a REAL professional mixer -- maybe Viking or Cuisinart .
 Is there anyone who used the 600 * 6 qtr mixer to make a 14 cup flour + liquid bread dough?Mine newly purchased stopped after few minutes.Called kitchen aid , was told it should be 14 cups in total , that is flour + liquid + others = 14 cups . But , the instruction says 14 cups of flour.If I am the only unlucky one , I will have to make an exchange .
 I used this mixer for about a year and a half and it never could handle making a two cup bread recipe . Shuts off and now I think the gears have gone out on it . I love this mixer but I am kind of dis-appointed .
 I bought a Professional 600 mixer 2 years ago , and looked forward to expanding my bread baking skills . I 've used it for pizza dough , sandwich and rustic bread , and bought one of those grain mill attachments to grind some fresh wheat . This weekend -LRB- and after the warranty has expired , do n't you know -RRB- I was mixing dough when it just shut down on me . I 've always adhered to the recommendations regarding use , never exceeding the 14 cup flour capacity , using too much whole wheat , or mixing at any speed above second gear.I checked in with KA , and of course all I can do is pay for service -LRB- and they ca n't tell me how much -RRB- . At this point , I 'm a -RRB- distraught because I ca n't make bread ; b -RRB- ticked , because I was led to believe this was a heavy duty mixer , and so spent more for the 600 machine ; and c -RRB- looking at other machines . Guess I 'll sell the grain mill attachment on Ebay , and looks like I 'm done with KA.So if you 're serious about bread , forget these machines . They wo n't hold up . Leave them to the folks making pudding !
 The bad news is that the mixer -LRB- 6 qt . Pro -RRB- sounded bad right out of the box . It got to the point where the motor was scary after one month of use . The good news is that after calling and letting the customer service actually listen to it , they replaced it immediately , even though the service rep seemed to indicate that we had done something wrong . The new mixer is not exactly quiet either , but have n't used it yet , just turned it on to see how it sounded . We had a 41/2 qt mixer for years and the motor sounded like a mixer usually does .
 After the purchase of two of these I feel confident to say that the quality of Kitchen Aid products is EXTREMELY low . In both cases , the part that holds the attachments and attaches to the gears does NOT stay connected to the unit and falls off while mixing . The design is very poor and after seeing it , I understand why it fails so badly . I have repeatedly tried to fix the machine , called Kitchen Aid , but no solution seems evident . Heed my advice , DO N'T BUY A KITCHEN AID PROFESSIONAL 600 SERIES !
 I had to return this item as it made an awful noise like gears grinding to bits . Bought another one in a different color and it seems fine .
 After a lot of research -LRB- weeks -RRB- , my husband bought me this mixer for my birthday/Christmas present . He went with the brand new one rather than a refirb . so I would n't have any problems.At first I LOVED the mixer ! I used it all of the time . I made pizza dough once a week and cookies on occassion.After about 1 year , I had problems . I would be mixing on low speed , 1 or 2 , and all of a sudden , the mixer would go up to full speed without the switch moving . I would shut it off and turn it back on . Sometimes it would resume at the low speed , other times it would come on at full speed , no matter what number I put it on . The problem worsened with time , making it impossible to use . Now , it comes on at full speed every time and is collecting dust on top of my fridge.I called customer service and they wanted $ 32 just to have it sent to them to quote me a repair price once the problem was diagnosed . Why bother buying something new that is going to break after a year?KitchenAid is also Whirlpool and I did n't know this until after my problems . I have had problems with Whirlpool products as well -LRB- new washing machine broke while under warranty , in less than a year and fridge ice maker has gone out -RRB- , even their CS is HORRIBLE . Stay away from both brands . It is not worth the disappointment or frustration.UPDATE : After much research on the problem , it was determined that what needed to be replaced was the KitchenAid mixer sensor , 9703312 . When I purchased this , it was a little less than $ 10 and much better that the $ 32 + kitchenaid would have charged just to look at it ! Read the reviews on this part and if any of the `` symptoms '' of the mixer sound like your problems , this is probably the part that needs to be replaced . It was quick , easy and fairly inexpensive . However , I still would n't recommend this mixer . Obviously , kitchenaid needs to fix this common problem . At the price tag , it should work like a charm for years to come and did n't .
 I 've wanted to purchase this model for a while now , but have been waiting for the plastic gearbox issue to be resolved . I do n't want to purchase an expensive item which will likely break . Yes , I would like to make bread.I spoke with KA customer service this morning to inquire if this model is now being manufactured with the metal gear box , or if it 's the same old `` we 're going to save a $ 1 per unit by using this plastic gear box '' . I received a verbal , pre-constructed , corporate answer about how it does n't matter if the gearbox is plastic or metal because KA stands behind this product , bla bla bla . I told her it mattered to me and I could n't feel good about doing business with KA without knowing what I 'm getting.She then proceeded to tell me that she does n't know if they will ever go to a metal gearbox , but if they do there will be no way for me to know if I was buying one with a plastic or metal gearbox because some retailers have existing stock , bla bla bla . Then , I asked her a point blank question , `` Ma'am -LRB- I live in TN -RRB- , is KA currently producing this item with a plastic or metal gearbox ? I 'm not asking about anything or anyone else . I just want to know if the current production is with a plastic or metal gearbox . '' She said she had no idea and we then sat silently for a moment . STILL trying to pull the answer out of her , I asked her if there was anyone there she could ask who might be able to find out the answer to my question . She said she 'd ask her supervisor . I was on hold for a few minutes , then she returned to tell me that the 600 is now being manufactured with the metal gearbox . I asked her what serial numbers are now being produced and she said there is no way to tell , and there is no way for me to know if I was buying a unit with the plastic or metal gearbox.I give this model two starts because it -LRB- purportedly -RRB- is now being manufactured with the metal gearbox . I knock off three starts because KA gave me the runaround when I asked a straightforward question . Additionally , KA is not interested in helping me purchase one with the metal gearbox . Basically , I really ca n't be sure what I 'm getting for almost $ 400 . Sure , I could buy it and return it , etc. . . but why should I have to waste all that time and energy?If anyone has a 600 with a metal gearbox I 'd love to hear from them , know where they purchased it , when they purchased it , serial number , etc. .
 upgraded to the 600 as we were getting a little more serious about making bread and wondered if our now aging kitchenaid would hold up . 6 quarts sounded great but we started off easy ... no more than half load of flour ... note that you have to run at speed 2 ONLY if you are mixing bread . so that machine burnt out ... I 'm sure we followed that instruction , but couldnt swear to it . However , kitchenaid happily replaced for us , as we were only a month or so into our ownership . We are now on our third replacement and we 've been exceedingly careful to not tax the poor thing when making bread . What happens is my wife kneads the bread dough by hand now as she 's worried about killing the barely 20 month old ` pro ' mixer . yesterday , the thing finally ` popped ' doing one loaf mix . This is not the machine for a bread maker . And not worthy of the Kitchenaid reputation . We 're going shopping for something that really can do commercial grade home mixing . We only want something that can do a few batches at a time , and two or three times a week . Is that asking too much ?
 Hi , When it is working , this appliance is great , but in the last 3 years , I had to replace the electronic speed control three times . The funny thing is that KitchenAid , does n't even carry it as a spare part , -LRB- I guess they would rather sell you a new mixer all over again :-RRB- -RRB- The first time , I really did scramble to find one from a third party and it cost me U$ 67.00 with shipping.Speed control # 2 did last a little less than a year and I just had to replace it again.This last year , my wife used the mixer maybe 5 times . This time , I got speed control # 3through Amazon.com for U$ 38.00 . The electronic on this mixer is made from the cheapest components money can buy ; it seems to degrade slowly by itself even if it is n't being used ... It is a far cry from the rugged unit KitchenAid is marketing . Good news ; 2 years after installing unit # 3 our mixer is still going ...
 DO N'T BUY A KITCHEN AID !!! We use our Kitchen Aid professional 600 mixer weekly to make bread , cookies , and pasta -- NORMAL HOME USE . Ours lasted 1 year and 8 months . I called customer service and they said outside of the one year warranty there is NO service . This is an expensive mixer . It did n't even last 2 years . BUY SOMETHING ELSE . Please be warned that this machine does not last and is not worth the money !
 It broke down after 2 years and I was just told it will cost $ 125 to have it fixed . The quality is just not there anymore .
 No matter how carefully I turn this on and how slowly I use it , the ingredients are always spread around the kitchen . The cover KitchenAid suggests has a big opening on one side , so everything flies out of that . The mixer does a nice job , but I hate to use it because of all the mess it creates .
 I happily owned a 41/2 qt . KitchenAid stand mixer for about 30 years and used it frequently , but recently replaced it with this larger professional series mixer because I occasionally make large wedding cakes . I am quite disappointed with the new mixer and think it has a serious design flaw which prevents the beater blade from scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl . On my last cake , when I went to pour the batter into the prepped pans , there was a significant amount of creamed butter and sugar that had n't gotten mixed in , so I had to scrape everything back into the bowl , remix it all , clean and re-prep the pans and pour the batter back in . After that , I was careful to stop the mixer , scrape the sides and bottom with a silicone spatula and remix before pouring into the pans , but there was still some unmixed butter and sugar at the bottom.The same design flaw also makes it hard to prepare smaller quantities of batter . In fact , I have resorted to using my hand mixer for some recipes that I normally would have used my stand mixer for . Sadly , I gave my old mixer to my daughter in law .
 I have a cake decorating company . So I spend a lot of time baking . I have a kenwood but business expanded so I needed another mixer . I went for the Kitchenaid as I heard a lot of good reviews about the brand . However , I am using it for a while now and I 'm totally not satisfied . The thing makes a noice as if a jet is taking off !!! I can not hear someone talk if the person was standing next to me.Next to that the kitchenaid does not completely mix everything . It leaves a lot of chunks behind . Which you 'll find in your cakebatter after your cake is baked.So I would nog recommend the kitchenaid 6Q . Instead go for the kenwood . You 'll pay a bit more but it will be worth it . It is much more quiet , steady and it does n't leave unmixed flower behind .
 Feb 16 2012-Another Whirlpool throwaway product as Kitchen Aid is owned by WhirlpoolCorp . In December 2009 I purchased a Kitchen Aid Pro 600 for my sweetheart for Christmas . We have always wanted one and were excited . In January 2012 A gear failed and made the mixer inoperable . She called customer service , out of warranty obviously -LRB- 12 months -RRB- . They suggested shipping to a repair center , a $ 100 + problem . I am currently ordering parts and will repair myself . It is sad that for $ 300 + you ca n't purchase a quality product . A great opportunity for a company to create value for the consumer . We definitely did not feel like 24 months of use was a good value for our dollar.Whirlpool take note
 I have had a smaller KitchenAid mixer for many years and love it . I could n't wait to get a larger one in order to make larger batches of bread . However , the motor has a very high pitch and screams like a banshee ! You need to wear hearing protection with this loud machine . I am sending it back and looking for other alternatives to make bread .
 I ordered this mixer and when I first used it it had a loud `` grinding '' noise . I called KitchenAid and they said they could n't hear it over the phone so I kept the mixer and , since I very seldom use it , -LRB- I have an artisian that I use for everyday -RRB- I just ignored the sound . The second time I used the mixer it shut off and got very warm . Now it wo n't come on for several minutes after you turn it on and shuts down within two minutes after you turn it on . I got this to make bread with and it is useless . This is my third KitchenAid -LRB- bought my daughter one when she moved out -RRB- because I have loved the Artisian . I am very disappointed !
 I bought this mixer for my daughter who is a serious bread baker . She has been very busy over the past few years and since she is a sour dough fanatic , and it takes days to build her starter has not baked very often . The last time she used the mixer the shaft and motor cover fell into her dough . There was not one shop in Baltimore that could repair the mixer . I took the mixer to a Hobart service center . They found the problem , but told me they could not fix the mixer because Whirlpool , who bought the brand from Hobart , was no longer supplying them with parts . The Hobart technician told me we just scrapped six of these mixers because customers were unwilling to go through the bother and expense of repairing the machine . Sears , which once repaired KitchenAid told me they could n't get parts anymore either . It appears that there are only a handful of service centers that will even attempt to repair the machine.Just getting the machine to a service center is a major inconvenience . The cost of repair is almost half the price of the mixer , and I have no doubt that the repair wo n't last from what I have been reading . I am going to save my money and buy a better machine . Too bad I can not just clone my 20 year old KitcheAid .
 My KitchenAid was a long-awaited , much anticipated purchase that quickly became an albatross . KitchenAid oversized the bowl capacity of this mixer without beefing up the motor to match and does n't properly explain its limited capabilities in the included manual.When the mixer arrived , I carefully read the instructions before its first use . Quoting directly from the manual
 Do not buy this mixer ! First of all it is absolutely NOT `` all metal construction '' . The highest stress part is plastic.I recently started making bread and it was the end of our mixer.The `` all metal constructed '' Kitchenaid broke mixing a half batch of whole wheat bread . Well actually I had a whole batch but the flour -LRB- wheat -RRB- was 10 cups which is over the specified 8 cup limit for whole wheat so I split the batch and attempted to knead each five glob of dough for 10 minutes back-to-back . After about 15 minutes it started making a horrible noise and when I opened it I saw what I wish I had been warned about before we purchased it.The cheap plastic gear cover had been busted by 5 cups of flour . I removed the gear box and found that once the gear cover broke the front bushing cracked and the gears now do not seem to turn quietly against each other when the motor is turned by hand . I have no idea how much of the gear assembly will need to be replaced.Called Kitchenaid hoping to have some relief as this apparently is a problem with lots other people and was told the unit is out of warranty and the best they could offer is to pay $ 32 for shipping and $ 25 for diagnostics then what ever it costs to repair . The $ 25 is only charged if we choose to not have it repaired I was comforted.I asked if it would be fixed with a metal gear box cover and the customer service rep said the only person who could answer that was the repair tech who would call me after diagnostics . I told her I did n't want to pay $ 60 to find out if they were replacing the under-engineered part with a metal part or with another part which would just break again.Not only is Kitchenaid not interested in helping fix their design flaw they can not even tell me if it would be fixed permanently if I paid them to `` fix it '' . We purchased the biggest Kitchenaid we could find so we would n't have to baby it along . I am so disappointed.Now I know what the smell the mixer has been giving off when we use it for any length of time . Plastic vapors ! Even if you can be careful and do not break your gear box you do n't want to be gassing your family with plastic vapors every time you use the thing .
 I believe Kitchen Aid has some quality issues to work out . I used my Kitchen aid almost daily -- I did not misuse it . I made a lot of bread and other things . After 11/2 years the gears have gone out on my Kitchen Aid . Prior to this Kitchen Aid I had a lesser model and before the year was up that one also broke . It was replaced but broke the 2nd time after the warranty was up .
 I have used this machine to make some twenty loaves of bread over six months . It stuggled with the very first loaf . The machine died in the middle of mixing bagel dough , probably with stripped gears . The machine is outrageously noisey at any speed even with nothing in the bowls . It is a very pricy machine that is not worth a quarter of the price . You 'll get a name brand if you buy this , but will not get a product worthy of that name . If you want to buy my extra bowls , etc. . Drop me a line you can have them for the shipping cost to your place .
 For years I used the old Hobart kitchenaid mixer with great satisfaction . I used it so long that the carbons had to be replaced . In those years I had only one repair -- of an electrical part connected to the switch . I bought this new `` professional '' model because my many attachments for the old mixer will fit the new . Shortly after I got the new mixer I had to return it for replacement . The gears failed . Now after a year of so of intermittent but serious use -LRB- nothing that would have strained my old mixer -RRB- , the gears make a loud click every so many revolutions . Many cookbooks -LRB- Julia Child , etc. -RRB- recommend speed 4 for bread dough , but the new kitchenaid recommends speed one or 2 -- a sign , I believe of lesser quality . I 'm disappointed , but feel somewhat trapped by all the attachments I have that will work only with kitchenaid . If I were young and buying a mixer , I 'd look elsewhere .
 My wife has a KitchenAid UltaPower mixer that she bought 12 years ago . It is great , but she wanted more power & speed so we ordered this one . 15 minutes out of the carton and we packed it back up . This mixer is much larger and more powerful but feels lighter that the Ultrapower model and even unstable . The standard attachements are much lower quality . They feel like attachments for a toy mixer . Also , just the overall look and feel of the mixer feels like it was cheaply made . For example , raising and lowering the bowl is is n't smooth . It does n't move over the rail like it should . The bowl itself also looked very poorly made and even had some small dents . This is still probably a good mixer , but it is not the symbol of quality these mixers were . We will stick with the old ultrapower .
 I strongly recommend that anyone who intends to use this mixer to knead dough purchase a different brand ! I owned a KitchenAid mixer for 16 years . During that time , I usually baked bread at least once a week . In recent years I often baked 2 batches of bread a week . -LRB- I have 4 children -RRB- My old mixer was reliable and a real workhorse . Last year , when it finally died , we decided to upgrade to the '' Professional model '' since it has a more powerful motor and supposedly could handle 14 cups of flour . Big mistake !!! Despite following all the instructions -LRB- such as never kneading dough above a speed 2 . Also I never kneaded more than 12 cups of flour ! -RRB- , it seemed as if the motor was straining right from the start . Yesterday , while kneading 8 cups of flour it just stopped ! What really irritates me is that I have n't done much breadmaking in the last few months . If I had done my normal amount of breadmaking it probably would have died during the warranty period , which expired 3 months ago ! -LRB- no wonder they only give a 1 year warranty ! -RRB- We have n't taken this machine apart but I suppose the plastic gearbox I 've read about in the other negative reviews struck again . KitchenAid is clearly living on its reputation !
 There is a plastic gear housing under the metal cover . That plastic housing garbage has broken on me twice in the last 3 months under normal wear . I would think a `` professional '' grade appliance might have a crucial item like that made of metal ! Get a clue Kitchen Aid ! Way to save a few bucks you jerks !
 I had a Kitchen Aid mixer -- the old largest one -- for 15 years and I loved it . When my daughter started a soup and bread business she used the old mixer to knead her bread and it held up to heavy use for two years . When it finally gave up the ghost in early December I replaced it with a Professional 600 , which was supposed to be able to manage 14 cups of flour at a time.We have now returned 5 -LRB- count 'em FIVE -RRB- of these very expensive and beautiful machines because not one of them could knead two loaves of bread . They all froze almost immediately -- we took them out of the box , loaded them up and they quit . Kitchen Aid has cheerfully exchanged machine after machine for us but the truth is that they just do n't work.I am so disappointed -- I loved my old machine and Kitchen Aid 's service is so good but they have a real engineering problem . DeLonghi here we come .
 I bought the high priced , high power 600 a little over a year ago . I use it less than once a week to mix relativel soft dough -LRB- 6 cups of flour -RRB- I just took it back for repairs for the third time , always the same thing , the plastic gear housing splits open and all of the gears have to be replaced.This mixer is a bad news item .
 Update October 22 , 2012The original review was written back in 2005 . Since then , KitchenAid has replaced the plastic gearbox cover with one made with metal . This review may be outdated at this point , but accurately reflects the problems we were having back under the previous design.Original text from December 16 , 2005 : They advertise ALL METAL GEARS , but fail to disclose that those gears are held in place with a PLASTIC COVER!Allow me to share my story : I am an engineer , my wife ; a domestic goddess . We have not purchased a loaf of bread in this household for over 3 years now . Every kitchen gadget we own is top of the line because we know that it 'll get used , and used hard . That and being an engineer , I can really appreciate a well designed product . The KitchenAid mixer is the ONLY appliance we own that has continuously failed at every opportunity.Dezra -LRB- my wife -RRB- had been using her Artesian 325 watt to make dough 's and whatnot for years . When she started getting serious about bread making , she requested the wheat grinder for Christmas , which she got . When she put it on the mixer , it strained for a bit then `` Popped '' . I could hear that the transmission had broken . I opened it up and found that the electric motor feeds into a gearbox , and all the gears in that gearbox are held together by a PLASTIC COVER ! I was astonished that ANY design engineer would consider that as being sufficient.What happens is that the strain on the motor translates directly to strain on the gears , which warm up . As soon as the plastic cover warms up , it starts to flex . The moment it starts flexing , the gears are no longer meshing properly which generates more heat until the teeth of the gears bind up and the plastic cover simply cracks.I called up KitchenAid hoping to get replacement parts as this unit was over 2 years old and definitely out of warranty . We told the customer service rep our problem and they stated that they would ship out a new mixer immediately , that they no longer made the Artisan model and they would have to upgrade us to the Professional 6 with 525 watt motor . Oh yes , and what color would you like sir?We were amazed by the speed and courtesy of their customer service . They stated that we ground too much wheat for too long . Uh huh , sure . They made a product with a cheap part and that cheap part broke.Well , once we got our new Professional 6 we plugged it in and started grinding wheat . It was n't 5 minutes before the gearbox broke on that one too ! Could they possibly be using the same gearbox cover ? Well , sure enough , I pulled the cover off and it had the exact same gearbox and cover as the 350 watt motor . I was floored . They are using a motor that is nearly 2x as powerful but they did n't beef up the gearbox ? That 's like putting the transmission of a geo metro into a truck and expecting it to hold up . The bigger the motor is simply ensures the more power going into that gearbox which will undoubtedly fail . The bigger the motor , the faster it 'll fail.I told customer service , as they were shipping out a new one , that ALL they had to do was put a metal cover on the gearbox and all the problems would be solved.My wife got the new mixer and promptly put the wheat grinder away , permanently . She now grinds wheat with her Vita Mix blender.Well , a year has passed and we 're now hearing the gearbox popping and rattling . I open it up , see the familiar plastic cover , shake my head and call customer service . What I heard from them had me bewildered . Should I be laughing or crying?They said that we were mixing the bread dough for too long at too high of speeds . Excuse me ??!! This plastic part was under engineered and so therefore your response is to only use my mixer in 10 minute increments out of fear of breaking it ? Wrong answer.That 's like buying a new pickup truck and having it break down the first time you try and haul something . Taking it back to the dealership only to hear them say , sorry , your 1 ton pickup truck can only pull a half ton load in 10 minute increments , and you ca n't be going over 45 at any time while doing so.Excuse me , that 's why we bough a KitchenAid , was so that we could USE IT ! Their customer service stated that if we wanted to keep the mixer , well , we should n't use it.Having done design work , I know what is happening . KitchenAid knows that 90 % of their customers do n't bake bread except for special occasions . They use this for making cookies and whatnot , and only on occasion . They designed the internals using the CHEAPEST PARTS they could get away with , that way they can make an extra $ 5 on each machine sold knowing that only a small % will come back while under warranty . The ones that they do have to swap out will be covered by that extra $ 5 they 're making on all the others.They consider this a wise tradeoff . Well , it might be if the internet did n't exist and people like me could post a review that exposes them for what they are doing . They 're taking a MONSTER of a brand name and throwing it out the window , all for a plastic part that would cost $ 1 to have milled out of aluminum.We now have , courtesy of Kitchenaid this new Professional 600 , and would n't you know it , it has the same plastic cover . All this means is that this gearbox will break faster than all previous ones . What 's the use ?!
 I have owned 3 Kitchenaid stand mixers , starting with the Artisan . I just replaced my 600 , Professional , unit because the motor burned out after less than 2 years of use . While these mixers look good , are easy to operate , and they work well for cake and cookie batter , etc. , they are not built rugged enough to handle yeast bread and pizza dough . The new model 600 I purchased last month has the same problem . I went to make 2 loaves of wheat bread with 6 cups flour , using the dough hook , and setting the mixer speed to number 2 as the manual states but within 3 minutes , the mixer over-heated and shut itself off . I checked the manual and it said that the mixer has a built in fuse and that the unit would be operational again in 30 minutes . Great , but what do I do with the yeast dough that needs more kneading ? Of course I had to finish the kneading the old fashioned way , by hand . I 've basically had it with Kitchenaid small appliances . They are okay for the casual person in the kitchen , but I am turning my attention to the Viking Mixer which is the same price and has 900 watts of motor power as opposed to 575 that the `` professional '' Kitchaid 600 model offers . For this reason , I do not recommend spending so much money on a mixer that is really not built tough enough for kneading bread and for serious home bakers .
 After what appeared to be much research , my husband gave me this mixer as a Christmas gift in 2009 . It was a replacement for the Kitchenaid Ultra that lasted 11 years after very heavy use . Because it used so much , the professional line appeared to be the obvious choice . We had excellent luck with Kitchenaid products and customer service in the past.I LOVED the mixer for the first two years until it suddenly broke . Although , it was no longer under warrantee , I contacted Kitchenaid customer service for advise . They were not nearly as helpful or even polite as past experience . I was directed to a local service company that would charge to look at the machine and possibly fix it -LRB- for an additional fee of course -RRB- . In the mean time I contacted customer service again via email and reiterated my disappointment given the wonderful past experiences and sent an equally cold and unhelpful reply.My husband and son repaired it since it was no longer under warrantee . They discovered the gears and not only had several teeth stripped off but also appeared to be the same gears as a much lower powered model . The replacement gears -LRB- recommended by the manufacturer for this model -RRB- only lasted two months.I replaced it with the Hamilton Beach CPM700 Commercial Stand Mixer and have been much happier .
 i 've been watching the price of the kitchenaid pro 600 for past 2 months.it started to raise its price close to the mothers day , and i believe its at its peak now.the difference is -LRB- at least from what i have observed -RRB- over $ 100 , it used to be like $ 280 . now it is over $ 380 , which is more than 133 % of what it used to be a month ago.what the . . ? and different code name throws me off too . there is no description of what makes the last three letters different , just vague , uncertain postings floating online , does not help customers.what is justification of raising price this much without having an upgrade ?
 We have owned and used two KitchenAid Professional 600 6qt . mixers , both purchased because of the longstanding reputation enjoyed by this product for quality and durability . Both were used only in our home , worked just fine before they failed , and were never abused.The first lasted several years , before I began making bread , then it failed within a couple of years or so . I purchased another , same model , and it failed after almost exactly one year of careful use , including making bread every couple of weeks . The product warranty is of course one year.Upon review on the internet before purchasing a third mixer , I found numerous similar stories of early failure of these formerly reliable , durable machines , and thus feel that the purchase of this expensive machine is unwise , because of the noted tendency to early failure , combined with a one year warranty.Afer further review , I am presently awaiting delivery of a Cuisinart 7 qt . mixer , which seems to be well thought of by most users , has one quart greater capacity than the KitchenAid Professional 600 , and has a 3 year warranty .
 We bought this mixer new from Amazon on December 13th , 2009 . I relied on the specifications of 12 cups of flour as we make all our own bread products in an effort to avoid preservatives . I put a 7 cup recipe of bread dough in and started mixing on setting 2 . It ran long enough to mix the ingredients and then shut down . I waited a few minutes , restarted it and it stopped once more . I did this a third time with the same result . I then called the customer service line listed in the owner 's manual . They took my information and are sending me a replacement . Waiting to see if it is any better.We bought this because our last Kitchenaid was a 325 watt model that lasted 16 years and took abuse it should n't have . We thought the bigger mixer would be our last , hope we are not wrong . _____________________________________________________________ Update
 I finally broke down and upgraded to this from a heavy duty 325w . I make alot of breads and pizza . One reason I decided on this opposed to the cuisanart was the fact they tout it as being made in the USA . I 'm very skeptical of this claim . First off right out of the box , it felt lighter than my old one . Box said `` Assembled in USA '' What does that mean ? Probably made in China or India , and parts are put in the box in the USA . I 've been using it , and it does an ok job . No better then my old one though . Alot of funny noises and funky smells going on when kneading dough with only 4-5 cups flour . also the attachments are pure crap , light weight and all the shine came off the flat beater in the dishwasher . I only handwashed the bowl . This is my 3rd kitchenaid mixer , and the fact the attachments are n't dishwasher safe is retarded . Some positives are the rubber feet that do stay still , and the slow start feature . A timer would have been nice -LRB- on the Cuisanart -RRB- If I bought this locally , I probably would have bought it back , but I could only find the 5 qt . And I will be hanging onto my old one .
 I was very excite to get my new mixer until opened it and moved the handle . The handle does not have a knob and clunks when you move it . This want not the same quailty mixer I had seen in the store . There is a reason this model is cheaper then the other modelsKitchenAid KP26M1PGC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Cinnamon Gloss
 I have always wanted a KitchenAid mixer because I had heard they were so awesome . However , when I finally broke down and got one , the mixer proved me wrong . I found that I had to constantly stop it to scrape the sides and it did n't ever get the stuff on the bottom unless I put it on a super high speed . However , when I put it on the high speed it caused the ingredients to start separating from themselves in which case I had to throw out what I was making . I have returned mine and do not intend on getting another one , as I had a friend tell me theirs does the same thing . If you have the patience to constantly scrape then go ahead , otherwise my $ 2 hand mixer does a better job .
 I gave this mixer only one star because there is nothing about this mixer to justify the higher price . The use I employ the mixer most for is baking bread ; I bake all the bread for my family . I `` upgraded '' to this mixer when my old one died -LRB- after about 15 years of hard use -RRB- , thinking that I could do a double recipe . -LRB- According to the specs , I should be able to . -RRB- Unfortunately , the only time I 've done this , the mixer overheated and stopped working . I really wish I had gotten on the ball and returned the mixer right then . However , I tried the mixer again the next week , however , and it worked again , and in laziness I guess just kept it without taking into account the other flaws.I do n't like anything about this mixer . Aside from the overheating problem , this mixer is LOUD ! I mean hurts-your-ears , damages-your-hearing loud . I wear ear plugs at the suggestion of my husband who compared the noise level to the mower which is not used inside a confined space!I have also discovered that I ca n't use it for making meringue because the whip just floats over the egg whites . You 'd have to have a few dozen egg whites in there -LRB- most recipes call for three or four -RRB- for it to start to pick them up . Overall , right now , I 'm sorry I ever went to the `` bigger , better '' model.It does do a fine job at mixing up the dough for a single recipe , but I gave this mixer only one star because my old -LRB- much cheaper -RRB- one did , too . I do prefer the spiral dough hook , but that 's the only thing this mixer has to recommend it . Save yourself a hundred bucks and buy the next model down .
 KitchenAid Portable Appliances April 9 , 2009Customer Service DepartmentPO Box 218St . Joseph , MI 49085Re
 We bought this mixer because my mom had one my entire life and it worked well.We have returned this mixer now 3 times and we are going to get our money back.Their customer service is ok , but they told us that you have to return it 3 times before they will give you a refund . The motor quits and leaks gear grease if you overwork it . If it only happened on 1 machine , I would think that it was just a faulty one , but it has happened on all of them . They are rated for 14 cups of flour power , but when talking to their reps they told us that it can only handle 8 cups of bread flour or 10 cups of regular flour and that it can only handle 5 minutes of mixing ... why advertise more then?If you are using it for bread , do n't buy it .
 After a lot of research my wife and I decided to go for the Pro Series Kitchen Aid mixer expecting it to be a good long term kitchen appliance . We read about the shortcomings of the mixer like the fact that the gears strip if you operate it at too great a speed with thick mixtures like bread dough and we were careful to use it appropriately . In general we used the mixer once or twice a week for normal home use food prep until it failed within weeks of the warranty expiring . The failure was in the electronics and was in no way associated with misuse or abuse , it is a cheap and poorly made control board design when compared to its ' predecessor.The bottom line is that like many other manufacturers Kitchen Aid which was once a great name has so cheapened its ' product that it no longer has any quality to it . My advice would be to save some money and buy an older used Kitchen Aid . The old design will last forever and wear items like the motor brushes are easily replaceable . If you are set on buying a larger new mixer spend a little more money and buy a true commercial mixer from a company like Hobart .
 I purchased my KitchenAid Professional 625 Limited edition about 18 months ago . I have used the mixer intermittently since then . Last week , the mixer broke while my wife was mixing a light batter . The motor continued to turn but there was a grinding sound and the beater would not move.Since the mixer was out of warranty , I did some research on the web . Imagine my surprise , when I found numerous complaints by Kitchenaid owners of the same thing happening to their mixers . Even more disturbing were the numerous customer complaints about the cover of the mixer gearbox being manufactured out of plastic . This plastic cover is what holds the gears in place . My web research of complaints showed most owners attributed the failures to the plastic cover breaking . I opened my mixer and sure enough , there was a plastic cover over the gears . The plastic cover over the gearbox had completely cracked around the base and the cover was no longer holding the gears in place . Why would a product labled `` Professional '' use plastic for a critical component?Kitchenaid 's response to these failures is to tell customers to take the mixer to a repair facility where the customer is charged for the repair to replace the plastic cover and any damaged gears resulting from the failure . I refused to throw good money after bad by spending $ 150 + for Kitchenaid to repair my mixer . I ended up ordering a metal gearbox cover for $ 40 and installing it myself . The entire repair took 10 minutes . We will see how long it takes for something else to break.Today 's Kitchenaid mixers are not your mother 's mixers ! My mother received a Kitchenaid mixer as a wedding gift and was still using it 30 years later . That was the reason we decided to spend $ 400 on our Kitchenaid mixer . Well , Kitchenaid is now owned by Whirlpool and the quality of the product is clearly lower than when Kitchenaid was standalone . Even worse , is that Kitchenaid no longer stands behind their product forcing customers to pay to repair a design flaw in their product . $ 400 is expensive for a throwaway appliance , which is what my Kitchenaid Professional 625 Limited edition is . This is the last Kitcheaid or Whirlpool product I ever purchase .
 I am editing my review from last year . 3rd try , motor seized last year got a new one pretty quickly , customer service was good once I got ahold of them ... fast forward to February 9 , 2013 I was in the middle of making bread , motor seized and started smoking . My recipe calls for 8 cups dry to 4 cups liquid , not a hard bread , which doesnt matter since the LAST recipe I was making was out of their own recipe book when it seized March of 2012 . Called customer service and was told that the claims on the box was misleading -LRB- exact words were ; ` Yeah , that is a little misleading ' -RRB- and my ingredients reached the maximum allowed and if I were to use a specialty flour , the capacity of liquid and dry combined would only be 8 . This machine boasts a 575 watt motor , 14 cup flour capacity , they cant be referring to how much flour the bowl will hold , it actually holds roughly 24 cups of flour , and if it could not handle the amount of ingredients it misleads you to believe why then would it come with a 6 quart bowl ? Why would it boast PROFESSIONAL on the box , the all steel gear transmission , and yet I can not make bread , or the bread recipe from their own book , or even the chocolate chip recipe out of their own book either . They are sending me a new machine , -LRB- 3rd one so far -RRB- however , I was told that when you are making bread you only have roughly 6 minutes to mix all the ingredients or it puts too much stress on the motor . How is it possible to mix properly all the ingredients ? I spent so much money on this machine and it boils down to making cake mix and that is all . I got no response when I pointed out two of the recipes I can not use in the machine was their own , aside from are you putting the chocolate chips in last . Who doesnt do that ? and all the representative I spoke to named Cheryl could tell me , is well this new machine will also have a new warranty for a year , and hopefully this one works . Hopefully ? It amazes that from a company that is known for the longevity of its products in the past has come to this . I am trying to explore my options on how to return it , get my money back for this , and for all the accessories I purchased and will go elsewhere . Before purchasing this , go to the Kitchenaide facebook page and see all the horrible reviews and lack of standing behind their product . I wish I had before investing in something it took me 3 years to save up to get and now am afraid to make anything other than cakes , which i usually make three times a year .
 My mom had one of these mixers for many years -- it was a constantly used tool in the kitchen . I decided to start baking more , so I thought I 'd pick one up.The very first day I used it , it 's boxed back up and going back for a refund . What a complete piece of garbage . It 's underpowered , as many , many reviews on here say . Do n't even think about doing bread with it.Next , the beater hits the side of the bowl with great force -- the manual says '' adjust via a screw behind the bowl '' . Well , we tried . The screw was cross threaded and stripped out , and you simply ca n't make it move more than about 1/8 turn in either direction . Finally the screw head stripped when I tried to force it.Wonderful quality here KitchenAid -- your reputation is totally gone as far as I 'm concerned . I had read a bunch of negative reviews on here , but thought , no way -- that 's got ta be just bitter people . No -- they are right , I was wrong . Perhaps it 's because the brand was simply bought out and the new owners are now making the mixers as cheaply as possible . Whatever the case , this thing is not what I expected . I 'm extremely disappointed .
 So I was looking forward to the delivery of my Kitchenaid stand mixer 600 . I open the box and the electical socket is not suited to Australian power outlets . I chat online to a rep from Amazon and she says to phone Kichenaide . The number she gives me is not connected . So now I have a useless a piece of equipment that is going to cost $ 90 to return a total loss of $ 180 . Thanks Amazon what a rip off .
 After 40 years my Kitchen-Aid K5 started having problems . The 6 qt bowl looked like a good upgrade from the previous 5 qt bowl.When the machine arrived I was dismayed to see how cheaply made the new bowl is . It also has dreadful ergonomics . The dough hook and flatbeater are NOT dishwasher safe . Do these people ever bake?Shy of two years it quit . Off to the appliance repair man . He groaned when I sat it on the counter and said `` not another one of these '' . He showed me SIX in his work room . Cost was $ 90 to repair.A side note
 While it may look stunning on my kitchen counter , that 's all it has going for it . It 's so heavy that it can not be stored away and brought out when needed so it remains counter clutter . The bowl pops and jumps during mixing which was concerning at first - now it 's just annoying . I have to constantly stop mixing to scrape the sides of the bowl . Eggs meld in the middle around the mixing utensil so I have to scrape them off and mix with spoon then turn the machine on again . Forget doing a single batch of cookies , it 's nearly impossible to do . Must use only for extra large baking needs . If I could send this back I would do so in a heartbeat . Give me a hand mixer any day !
 The 600 Professional is far from being the mixer my mother used to have . It 's built in China now and it shows . The speed control is electronic now and decided to fail at the worst time . Adding flour to the bowl , the mixer decided to go into top speed and flung flour everywhere . Eventually the mixer shut down on it 's own before I could unplug it . This is suppose to be a professional model , it 's really just a large home appliance . It 's not built like the truck they used to be . This is n't a highly used machine , maybe once every other month . We expected it to last for generations as most older models did . Not the case any longer . It 's no longer American made and it shows . Do n't waste your money on these models , your money can be spent wisely going somewhere else .
 I bought this mixer cause its the biggest of kitchenaind , however i can only make 1 pound of dough at a time and even with that little weight it gets overheated !!!!
 I bought the mixer as a Christmas gift for a membe of my family . When we started making a dough according to the instruction , smoke came out of the mixer with burnt smell . I thought maybe the problem would go away with repeated usage . We then used it a couple of times more , the same thing happened . I gave up and had to return it . I really hope Kitchen Aid can improve the quality of the product or make the quality more consistent .
 I place an order on the 18th of march for a kitchen aid mixer . It is now the 11th of april and they have not returned my emails nor have I receved my buy . !! I would buy a kitchen aid but never order from this company again .
 I just found out that my Kitchenaid Professional 6 mixer needs a repair costing $ 135 . I have used this mixer for 5 years lightly and this is the 2nd one . The first one was replaced within one year after purchase . I am not impressed . The unit is not worth the price they ask for it . Do n't purchase it , check out your other choices . I am very disappointed .
 Be warned . While the product has heft and power , the electronics are weak . Do a quick search and you will find that many owners have their machines suddenly run amok due to either a Hall Effect Sensor malfunction or a circuit-board malfunction . KitchenAid has a crummy warranty and horrible customer service . They do not even sell internal parts . Be prepared to throw out your precious mixer - it may not last long .
 I am a frequent baker . It 's not unusual for me to use my mixer 3-4 times a week to bake cookies , bread , you name it . I was so excited when my husband bought me this mixer as a Christmas gift , and while it worked it worked well.A couple of weeks before Christmas , 2 years after it was purchased , I was doing my usual holiday baking , making stollen and using the dough hook to knead . About 3 minutes in , the mixer started to make a straining sound , and then I began to smell the distinct burn of the motor . Before I could turn it off , it died completely . Fantastic.I contacted Kitchen Aid CS and was told that I should find someone in my area to repair or replace the motor , submit an invoice to KA , and they would determine whether or not I deserved a refund for the repair work.Um , no thanks . I bought a Bosch and have never looked back . Incidentally , the motor on my Kitchen Aid food processor burned out within 5 years of purchase too . I replaced it with a Cuisinart , which runs like a charm.My mom 's Kitchen Aid stand mixer was 36 years old and built like a tank . I 'm only sorry I let it get away . I should have hung on to that one instead of replacing it with a newer , much more poorly constructed model . It 's too bad , because Hobart made great motors when they were affiliated with Kitchen Aid . Things are n't built to last anymore , it 's not only a Kitchen Aid specific problem .
 I have used old hand helds and other kitchen all in one units for decades and finally bought my own `` KitchenAid 's '' best ... . very disappointed . This product is very pretty , runs very sweetly , and is possibly the least useful tool in my kitchen now . What it is really only good at is mixing bread dough . It has the power to do a great job ! Do n't make cookies or anything like a cake with it ; it leaves so much room between the bowl and the mixer that you have more to scrape , over and over before you are done than is worth the effort to use it . Get the hand mixer out , much better , so why buy it ? This basic design has not been substancially improved or changed for 30 years .
 I was so excited to try out my new fancy mixer . Raised the bowl and found that the flat paddle head was hitting the bottom of the bowl . No problem , read the instructions and there is a screw to adjust for this . Which , unfortunately , did nothing . Not higher , not lower , nada . OK , so I read the manual about returns . They say they 'll replace it and pay for shipping . If they do that , I 'll be reasonably pleased . But y' know what really ticked me off ? In discussing bad machines , they use the phrase `` failed '' mixer . In quotes . Like it 's not really broken , the customer is just an idiot . Like I ca n't tell whether it 's working or not . Like I ca n't read the instructions and make the adjustment as indicted . I am not an idiot and I do n't appreciate being insulted . Wish I had n't bought this thing .
 How could I possibly rate this product . Arrived without a power plug and not wired to be used in Australia . What a real fizzer this turned out to be . My husband and I were soooooo looking forward to receiving this amazing machine . Huge plans for lots of baking and experimenting with it only to be sorely disappointed . Why on earth would any company supply a machine that is not compatible with the electrical systems of the country it was being sent to.Hard lesson learned never shop outside of Australia . Cheap may not always be what it seems . : -LRB-
 I have owned a Kitchen Aid stand mixer for many years but just could n't pass up this upgrade and larger mixer . The price from Amazon was just too unbelievable and then with the manufacturer 's rebate , all was well . Its superior performance and durability are legendary . I do n't think that I will ever regret this purchase .
 They say the mixer is good ? I 've had mine a little ove a year and It just stopped working I called and they said it was out of worn and it only happens to 1 out of 100 do you wo n't to be the 1 out 100 ? At $ 300 . oo I did ` nt . I 'll buy something elce next time .
 The KitchenAid KP26M1XMR Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Meringue was fine , but the bait was a $ 50 give back for purchase on that day for that item . I filled out all of the paperwork and mailed it . This is a weakness with Amazon fulfillment . If you do not get something promised you at a `` bait '' there is no way to rectify it later . This is just a warning to other buyers . It reflects badly on Amazon , not the manufacturer .
 Bought professional 600 Series 6-Quart in January 2011 . It ONLY works for making fluffy cakes , anything else it gets locked and overheat easily . Gears are not even working now . I read some negative reviews about KitchenAid before I bought it , but I thought `` professional '' should be strong enough for home bakery . But now I had paid my lessons . Never KitchenAid Again !!!
 I 've owned this mixer for over three years now to replace a KitchenAid Artisan model . Ever since I 've owned it , it 's always made some really unusual squeaking noises -LRB- whereas my Artisan was relatively quiet -RRB- , but it has worked beautifully . That is , until now.While mixing some cake batter , the entire planetary assembly -LRB- the shaft that holds the beater in place and the housing that holds the gears , etc. -RRB- detached from the shaft coming from the mixer and dropped down into my dough . Reattaching it only works temporarily ; the housing continues to drop as the mixer is operated.Looking at the housing and the shaft that it detached from , there are no pins or any similar mechanism to hold it in place . Doing some research on the Internet -LRB- search for part 9708662 or `` planetary housing fell off '' -RRB- , it turns out that the housing is , in fact , held in place by friction.Yes , you read that correctly
 My wife was making a single batch of bread dough in the machine . Mixer book said it should be able to handle 14 cups of flour but she was only using 8 . Towards the end of the cycle the dough hook stopped rotating but motor continued to run . Contacted Kitchen aid warranty department and they told us we had overloaded the product , you can only use 8 cups total ingredients w / bread flour . KA said they would not honor the warranty . Out $ 400 + accessories after just 90 days .
 Save your money and look for another mixer . We bought this , it worked for 4 months and then it died , the engine makes noise as if it is working but the beater does not move at all , looks like a broken `` clutch '' or something . During the 4 months that it did work it was not as strong as advertised and for bread or croissant dough it will violently shake and fail to mix , sort of move a bit , get stuck , move a bit , get stuck . The engine also gets hot and smells , very bad design , do n't waste your money on it !
 My wife has been using Kitchenaid mixers for many years . Because we have a big family and we bake alot , the mixer gets alot of use . Because of all the use mixers get in our house , about 7 years ago I bought my wife the top of the line Kitchenaid model , mostly because of the Kitchenaid reputation . I was n't sure what to expect , but by the second year the first one completely blew out . At that time customer service was good , and they sent us another . That one lasted approximately five years and has been through several repairs . It is still working , but it 's on life support and will die soon . Kitchenaid , I guess understandably so , will not fix or replace it after five years . I suppose it is a good mixer , but it certainly is no longer the last mixer one will ever need to buy , especially if it gets heavy use . It 's unfortunate because Kitchenaid used to have a reputation for high quality . -LRB- My grandmother used her Kitchenaid for many more years than this with almost as heavy use . -RRB- I suppose if you 're looking for a mixer to use on occasion , then this mixer may last for a long time - but if you 're looking for something to use every day and that will last a generation , then look elsewhere .
 I purchased this machine on Cyber Monday in November of 2011 -- I was excited to upgrade my original kitchenaid mixer to a more `` professional '' version ... and I returned it to Amazon a month later .1 . I the clip-in mechanism for the bowl was n't secure enough , and the bowl rattled around quite a bit . This could have been a machine-specific flaw .2 . The head of this machine DOES NOT FLIP UP . Therefore , it was INCREDIBLY difficult to scrape down the bowl -LRB- even when the bowl is lowered -RRB- . The paddle/whisk/hook is in the way , even with the lowered bowl , and it 's hard to get your scraper at the proper angle to properly scrape down your bowl . To get a proper scrape , I would have to lower the bowl , unclip the bowl , and then maneuver the bowl out from under the paddle/whisk/hook .3 . Make no mistake
 RE
 The pro-series mixer failed to mix 9 dozen cookies without overheating , and shutting down . When ever large batches of batter or dough are mixed the flour flies out of the bowl I found that it is much easier and quicker to mix by hand , do n't waste your money
 I am the owner of the smaller kitchenaid mixer , bought 30 years ago . It has NEVER needed repair . Three years ago , my grown children , purchased the Pro600 for me . It looks beautiful but quality wise , it was a RIP OFF . After two years , it stopped working . Of course it was off warranty . I wrote to the company and they would not even consider helping me out . They sent me a list of reputable repair places . It cost me $ 140 to fix it ... but it was never right again . Last week the whole housing , which the beater attaches to , fell off , into my batter . GROSS . I will not pay to have it fixed again . What happened to this dependable company ? Three years later , I am throwing out a $ 400 mixer .1 . The interior moving parts are plastic ... nothing like my old mixer .2 . It is LOUD , LOUD , LOUD . It sounds obnoxious .3 . It literally drips motor oil into the batter . Nothing I have done has corrected this problem . If you read the reviews , it is a very common problem . Whoever heard of a company letting a problem like that continue on in their model ? How disgusting .4 . It broke two times , in a three year period , after the warranty ran out . Granted , I do bake a lot . But I am a home baker ... not a commercial company . It was advertised as a kitchen workhorse . WRONG . It was a kitchen RIP OFF .
 Never again will I buy a kitchenaid product . 2 mixers faild in less than 3 years , I am using a Viking now.When we first got this mixer we thought it was great , we bought the Professional Heavy Duty , but the gear drive failed just a few days over a year , KitchenAid sent a refurbished mixer but it only had a 6 month warranty , but the note with the replacement mixer said just like new , so even though it started making noise I was not worried , when the mixer head fell off in the bread dough on thanksgiving day I knew it was time to contact KitchenAid again.Two Professional Heavy Duty Mixers in three years , not very good durability from my point of view.After several emails I have given up , we spent a ton of money on the mixer and every attachment KitchenAid made , as they used to be a great company , but now perhaps one is better off buying something else.Here is what they said `` KitchenAid offers a 6-month warranty -LRB- from date of purchase -RRB- on most factory refurbished products . If your appliance should fail , due to a manufacturing defect , KitchenAid will arrange to deliver an identical or comparable replacement to your door free of charge.There are no recalls or known issues at the present time with any of the stand mixer models . -LRB- They wont even look at a defective mixer without charging you to send it to them . -RRB- We are sorry to learn about the problems you have experienced with your unit . KitchenAid does not supply technical information either in emails or over the phones , so we can not determine why the unit is not functioning properly . We would recommend authorized service to diagnosis and resolve the problem.At this time the information provided indicates that you stand mixer is outside of any warranty.KitchenAid currently offers a Stand Mixer factory repair shipping kit for $ 32.00 . This kit includes a letter of instruction , packing materials , shipping box , and a pre-paid shipping label . The kit also includes the shipping cost to return the unit to you.After the factory receives your unit , a trained technician will diagnose the problem and contact you with an estimate for repair . You may decide at that time if you would like us to proceed with the repair . A $ 25 diagnostic fee will be assessed to have our technician diagnose the problem . If you decide to have us repair the mixer , that fee will be applied toward your total cost of repair.To purchase a Factory Shipping Kit , please feel free to contact the KitchenAid Customer eXperience Center at 800-541-6390 . We are available between the hours of 8am to 8pm -LRB- EST -RRB- , Monday through Friday . Saturday hours are 10am to 5pm -LRB- EST -RRB- . Dawn B.E - Solution SpecialistKitchenAid Customer eXperience Center -LSB- ... -RSB- / / 1-800-541-6390 ''
 I bought a kitchenAid stand mixer for light use at home to make cookies and now the machine is leaking oil . Apparently this is a common problem because if you search the internet about this machine leaking oil you will find several blogs where hundreds of people complain about it . Please do research about this machine before you buy it . By the way , my daughter just got one for xmast and hers is also leaking oil . Check out this site and you 'll see how common this problem is and how the Kitchenaid company refuses to fix this problem . http://www.consumeraffairs.com/homeowners/kitchenaid_mixers.html
 This is the second kitchen aid mixer I have bought . The first one I had used for making bread dough for many years and had passed it on to a family member . Bought this larger machine for making bread dough with the idea that latter I would buy the attachments for making pasta and grinding my own meats for saugage making.Works great for making bread dough ... but about a year later I bought those attachments and found out that the internal gear works to drive the attachment were defective . Even 1 slice of fresh bread would cause the attachment drive to stop turning and the drive make a loud clunking noise . The dough drive would continue to work even while the attachment drive would stop turning . I tried contacting kitchen aid , so far still no reply from them and I have tried to get an answer for over two months and now I have given up trying . Tired of the frustration of manufacturers who do n't care about their customers.If you are buying it only to use the main drive then it 's great , if you plan on using it for the attachments you might as well forget about it and buy something else . I 'll will have to buy stand alone products from some other manufacturer to make pasta , grind meats , squeeze orange juice ... too bad I wasted all that money on buying the attachments which would have been better spent on buying these other things .
 I was very frustrated with this mixer . I was using it to manufacture dog treats and it kept overheating and turning off . Not good for productivity . I finally went back to the 5 qt . and gave this one away .
 The KitchenAid Professional 600 series mixer has been an awesome mixer to have . My wife used it for bread , cookies , pizza dough , cinnamon rolls , and much more . The tools that come with it have made the task easy and are easy to hand wash . The power was always sufficient and the space plenty . The thing has performed flawlessly until today , completing each task we gave it.However , today , about three years after purchasing this mixer , it broke . The engine works , but the attachments -LRB- dough hook , etc -RRB- will not spin . I called KitchenAid and was told that the warranty is for only one year . I was then told that I could send it in for repair which would cost quite a bit after purchasing a packing kit , paying a diagnostic fee , etc. . The other option was to call a local repair center -LRB- 2 hours away -RRB- and work it out with them . The lady on the phone was very friendly , but I am frustrated that such an expensive item would break in just three years.I ended up searching the internet and found a YouTube video -LRB- search `` kitchenaid 600 repair '' -RRB- showing me how to diagnose/fix problems with the gears . Apparently this is not an abnormal problem to have ... After watching two videos I was able to take my mixer apart and ordered repair parts/grease through KitchenAid 's website -LRB- linked to another -RRB- . Amazon.com also sells many of these parts , but I feared ordering the wrong ones . One of the gears had chipped away while another was showing significant wear -LRB- professional series ... seriously ? -RRB- . I ended up spending money on a couple of tools as well and will hopefully get this thing working on my own.I just wanted to warn people that while you may have the best mixer at first ... it may need some repair in just a few years . Something to consider , especially if you do n't think you 'll be able to figure out how to fix it on your own .
 Very noisy . Do not buy if you live in an apartment . It gets way too hot , much hotter than my old Kitchen-Aid from the 80s . I `` upgraded '' to the bigger bowl and find the lack of power disappointing . Seriously , though , I can not begin to describe how this thing moans and screeches even when under no stress . Welcome to the 21st century , people , where junk reigns supreme over quality and durability.UPDATE
 I did not use my mixer for bread often but managed to kill the motor with a small batch of challah . At KA 's authorized repair center it 's going to cost $ 140 for repair and KitchenAid can do nothing for me or even guarantee the replacement parts . I am unhappy with the customer service .
 While KitchenAid mixers used to be the ultimate kitchen tools , this is not the same KitchenAid . My wife got one as a wedding gift , used it 7 times , then it stopped working properly . When turned on , it only operates at the highest speed . My wife did n't have a chance to call KitchenAid until a few days later , but that put us 2 days past the warranty period . Instead of standing by their product and fixing it anyways , KitchenAid told us that since it was no longer under warranty , they would be happy to fix it , but we would have to pay . $ 35 shipping , $ 25 diagnostic fee , in addition to the cost of the repair . Or , just to show their sympathy and compassion for our unfortunate situation , they told us all about some of the great deals they had right now on a new mixer . They do n't pay a trade-in for our broken one or anything , we would just be buying a new one . Apparently they 've come up with a new business model . Instead of charging an arm and a leg for a premium product that can be handed down to my kids , they 'll ride their old reputation and continue charging a ton but produce a piece of junk that will have to be replaced every 2 years . But I 'm not buying playing that game .
 Powerful , but noisy mixer . KitchenAid wo n't sell the replacement cover for the plastic housing that broke . Of course , it 's out of warranty ... Their only solution is to have me ship my unit for repair -LRB- they refuse to either acknowledge the design problem or sell the part to fix it -RRB- . Looks like it is back to the disposable mixers for me . Their product support is horrendous . I will never pay a single dollar to a company that hides behind its mistakes and refuses to acknowledge the problem that it obviously knows about . It would have been so easy to make me a happy customer ... but even refusing to sell parts that are poorly designed in inexcusable . To add insult to injury , the rep spent the last 2 minutes trying to sell me a refurb and accessories for my broken mixer . KitchenAid
 I ordered this product through amazon . When I opened the box , all of the attachments were thrown into the mixing bowl -LRB- this was not packaged properly and was obviously not new -RRB- . Not having a kitchenaid stand mixer before , I was n't sure how it was supposed to work . I followed the instructions in the manual and tried to turn it on -LRB- lowest setting - stir -RRB- but it kept shutting off automatically after a few seconds . I tried the next setting -LRB- 2 - also a very low setting -RRB- , but it still shut off and when it was on it made a grinding noise and was definitely beating too quickly . I contacted Kitchenaid and they promised to immediately replace it -LRB- I checked the serial number , and as someone here commented , the serial number was below ' 14 ` and most likely had a plastic gear box -RRB- . The replacement arrived promptly and was packaged correctly - the attachments were placed in little slots in the styrofoam instead of all being thrown into the mixing bowl so obviously the one sent by amazon had already been opened previously and was not new as advertised . And now the replacement actually works - stays on consistently , does n't make a weird grinding sound when on , and actually beats ` slowly ' on the lowest settings . I am happy with the replacement but it was a pain in the butt having to wait to get a functional kitchenaid standmixer since I ordered through amazon hoping that I would have it in time to make a cake for my sister 's return from overseas , but because of these unforseen difficulties , I was n't able to use it in time .
 What I do n't understand about a $ 300 machine is why in multiple cakes I 've made , even after I do at least a couple of scrapings is that there 's always a layer that manages to stick to the bottom . Each time I have to finish up the mixing by hand , which is NOT what I am looking for when I pay a couple of hundred dollars for a quality mixer .
 I purchased this model in 2006 after having a refurbished model that lasted only three years . Needless to say , I expected a long life time purchasing a NEW Kitchen Aid Professional Stand Mixer . I bake bread frequently and own most of the original accessories that are made of metal rather than inexpensive plastic . I am sorry to report that over the course of this past weekend , while creaming butter and sugar together the mixer froze up . After writing to Kitchen Aid and then reading the discussion boards on Amazon , I opened the cover yesterday to find that I owned a mixer with a plastic gear box . I am a materials chemist and I understand very well the difference between the performance of plastic and metal . Essentially what has happened to my mixer is that over past years of making various types of breads , the plastic gear box cover has become deformed enough to not be able to keep the correct amount of pressure on the gears . One slight disturbance and the mixer gears will not mesh and the mixer freezes up . I called Kitchen Aid today as I feel I have paid top dollar for a substandard product . Kitchen Aid apparently had switched to an aluminum gear box recently to avoid the issues with those mixers made with plastic gear boxes . The only offer the customer service manager would offer me was to send me a shipping kit free of charge and have the mixer looked at Kitchen Aid 's site . I would be responsible for all repairs . I am outraged that after paying top dollar , that this is the best that Kitchen Aid can offer to a loyal customer.It is rather interesting to note that the newer King Arthur Flour Cookbooks and their catalog no longer recommend or sell the Kitchen Aid Mixer . I think in the near future I will going on the recommendation of the King Arthur Flour Company 's catalog and purchasing a Viking -LRB- 1000watt -RRB- stand mixer.On a somewhat related note , we recently had to replace a three year old top of the line Kennmore Calypso washing machine that was made by Whirlpool . After getting no where with Sears , I can faithfully say that I am done buying ANY product manufactured by Whirlpool -LRB- who now owns Kitchen Aid -RRB- !
 My husband just tried to use my less than 2 year old Pro 600 to grind chicken . The power level was noticeably reduced and before he had done 3 quarts , metal filings and grease were being flung from the mixer head !! And it was way too hot . He stopped and investigated and found the metal gears were worn out !! I have never done anything more than 8 cups of flour and had even stopped that because it got too hot . Bought a BOSCH UNIVERSAL PLUS 800W to use . Have used it for a year and love it ! It costs about $ 100 less and does 9 pounds of dough easily and does n't overheat.The KitchenAid Pro 600 mixer is a huge disappointment and dent in my pocketbook . It took my husband several years to convince me I needed a KitchenAid and now he 's sorry he did . KitchenAid is no longer a standard bearer in kitchen appliances . Where have all the good appliances gone ? Ones that used to last for 10 years or better .
 I was hesitant to buy one of these because of all of the bad reviews . But I read that they fixed the issue causing them to break so I bought my mixer July 2009 and it broke September of 2010 . I was concerned because Kitchenaid has so little faith in the mixer that they say retails for $ 500 that they only warranty it for one year . Kitchenaid support was very helpful and they sent me a replacement for free.While talking to support the first time I was told that these mixers are n't supposed to run for more then 5 minutes at a time or they can get too hot and cause it to break down quicker . She also suggested that if a recipe says to mix something for 9 minutes the KitchenAid mixer only needs to mix it for 3 minutes , apparently basic laws of physics do n't apply to KA mixers . I think its pretty ridiculous that a $ 500 kitchen appliance needs to be treated so delicately.I can not suggest a KitchenAid mixer to anyone who wants to get into any sort of dough making . They are just not durable enough , looks like these mixers are limited to whip cream and pastries , in which case theres no reason to spend this much money on a mixer . A cheap mixer will handle whipped cream just fine . If you have the kitchen space you may be able to get a smaller used Hobart at your local restaurant supply store and mix all you want for years .
 I wish I would have taken the time to read more of the 1-star reviews . If your plan is to make cakes , frostings , mashed potatoes , whipped cream or other things that wo n't tax the motor - I 'm sure you 'll love it . If , on the other hand , you plan to make bread or anything else that puts any amount of stress on the motor - do n't bother . I received this mixer today and am dropping it off with UPS tomorrow . I tried a 2-loaf bread recipe that used about 6-cups of flour -LRB- very similar to the one listed IN KITCHENAID 'S MANUAL -RRB- . I figured this would be well within the capabilities of the machine given how KA touts this unit 's power.Off and kneading ... about 2 minutes after all the flour was incorporated the hum of the motor turned into a loud whine . As soon as I saw the motor was struggling I shut down the mixer and unplugged it . A few seconds later I smelled the burning plastic/wire insulation and wisps of smoke coming out of the housing . `` You must be joking '' I though to myself . I finished kneading the dough by hand and pondered my next step.At this point there are about 120 or so 1-star ratings for this product . I decided to read several before making the decision to return this to Amazon or have it replaced with KA . A vast majority of the 1-star reviews are from people like me who wanted this mixer for making a few loaves of bread once per week . This made it an easy decision to return this to Amazon for a refund.Bottom line - a $ 400 , 575 watt , 30lb mixer that looks like it should be able to pull a tree stump out of the ground but burns up the first time out making 2 loaves of bread . Que the `` sad trombone '' noise .
 I received this mixer as a Christmas present . I have been wanting/researching the item for several years and my husband surprised me with one . I was so excited until we took it out of the box and found a big dent on the top of the mixer . Since the motor is directly below , we do not know if there is damage internally as well . I am bummed because I can not `` exchange '' the mixer . Rather , I have to return it then wait 4 weeks for a refund to then hope there are still some left and order another one . In the future , I wo n't order items of this nature if it 's not directly through Amazon . I will update my review if I have to pay for shipping this damaged item .
 I have always paid a premium for Kitchen Aid products because of their high quality reputation versus opting out for a cheaper appliance . The very first time I used the mixer it started to leak oil right above where the attachements spin . I called Kitchen Aid to inquire as to why this was happening . They said , this was normal , I thought to myself , oil leaking right above our food is probably a bad thng . Anyway , the next time I used it , it stopped mixing after a few minutes of use . Again , I called and they said its a safety feature when the machine gets too hot . I felt this was rather annoying since in mid use you have to pull out your dough and nead by hand . Anyway , It sat for a few months and when I came to use it again , it was dead . You could hear the motor grinding but the attachements failed to spin . It was dead after using no more than 10 times . I called service and was very annoyed by thier questioning . They were asking , what kind of speed I used it on , what I used it for , how many consecutive minutes it was on . Finally , if I had read the user instructions . Anyway , it 's now a 50 pound pile of junk that will probably get tossed out . The warranty is only for 1 year , although it was only used a few times for some light mixing ... I would advice anyone who wants this unit to buy a warranty and use it often before the warranty expires . For this kind of money , you should get more than 10 uses out of a professional machine !
 I owned a 4.5 qt KitchenAid Tilt-Head mixer for 15 years and have been very pleased with it . I decided that I needed to step up to a larger more powerful machine . When it arrived i excitedly unpacked it and found several problems right away.First the entire machine weighs only 2/3 of what my old 4.5 mixer weighs . The attachments are much lighter and flimsier despite being larger . The flat beater and dough hook were uncoated aluminum so you ca n't put them in the dishwasher . The wiires in the wisk are MUCH thinner than the wires in my older model.The attachments do n't even fit well on the hub . On the older mixer they cinch up tightly , but on this piece of junk they rattle around loosely on the drive spindle . The spindle itself is none to firmly attached and wobbles rather alarmingly between two fingers.The bowl lift mechinism on my mixer was also broken . the flat beater touches the bowl and the adjustment mechanism wo n't raise it high enough to compensate . My guess is that the incredibly loose fit of the attachments and poor tolerances in general are the problem.When I contacted KitchenAid they wanted me to mail it to a repair center so they could replace it with a refurbished mixer . I told them that Amazon would pick it up my NEW mixer for free and give me a full refund . I 'm sure that they will pawn this broken piece of junk off on some unsuspecting customer after they `` refurbish it '' . When Hobart ran KitchenAid they made quality products . If you are a serious cook and want a serious mixer I urge you to look elsewhere .
 I received the mixer right before Christmas . My wife used it three times and on the third time when she was mixing frosting for a cake the motor started making clanging noises . I called KitchenAid and they said they would send a new one right away and we would get it in 7 to 10 days . The new one never arrived and we finally returned the broken one to Amazon for a refund . Returning to Amazon was easy and efficient as always . The mixer was obviously poor quality and as usual KitchenAid 's service was terrible . I will never buy another product from KitchenAid again . We have a refrigerator from them and the water dispenser in the door broke just after the warranty ended . The reason was a known flaw which was fixed in future models but KitchenAid would n't fix it . It has broken twice since at $ 100 each time for repair and can no longer be repaired .
 A few years ago my husband purchased for me a stand mixer as a gift which broke down 2 times in less than 3 years . After discussing the matter with KA , they generously exchanged my discontinued style mixer -LRB- the Epicurean -RRB- for the Professional 600 model even though it was past the warranty period . Obviously an engineering problem since it was discontinued.I regret to say that the new mixer failed me after only 3 years of moderate use . It was used primarily for bread and pasta making . My hopes of this machine becoming a family heirloom have faded and I am disappointed at having 2 machines fail me 3 times in less than a decade of moderate use.Well after taking it for $ 125 in repairs last year , after KA said they could do nothing for me , my mixer died again - gears !! I can not express my frustration with this product and the poor CS I have received . I have cared for my machine well , but the fact is that it * CAN NOT * hold up to mixing whole grain bread dough even when I follow the KA guidelines , which I always do . Plus , apparently , the fail-safe mechanism does n't work either . I will not be fixing it again , which would be at least another $ 125 . I will invest my money elsewhere . And you can bet that I will never recommend these machines to anyone . I have spent well over $ 1000 for the original mixer , attachments and repairs , all of which is useless to me now.I know this not just an issue for me . Nearly 8 % of the Amazon reviews for this mixer are 1 star reviews . And nearly 16 % are 3 star or less - the serious bakers . I really wish I could have my money back because this machine is not worth all the money I have invested into the machine hoping that `` the next time it will be better '' . I have been sorely disappointed and wish I would have invested elsewhere . Spending $ 125 every year for repairs is unacceptable considering the purchase price , durability claims and reputation of a Kitchenaid stand mixer .
 I make a 2-loaf batch of bread once a week , and roll & cut pasta every so often . The mixer , it seemed to me , always strained when making bread -LRB- I make a hearth-type bread with a rather wet dough and only about 10 % whole wheat -RRB- . Now , here we are , approximately 2 years out and it 's a goner . It failed during a batch of bread -- I smelled smoke , and it was losing it 's ability to turn . My husband , having spent quality time in a machine shop earlier in his life -LRB- hurray ! -RRB- , was able to take it apart , diagnose a worn gear , order and install a replacement . He was very unhappy with what he saw in there , however -- `` tolerances between the gears were very sloppy . '' He felt it was either poorly designed or poorly manufactured . It began to fail again after just one more use . At this point , after opening it up again , he felt there was no point in trying to replace more gears . What he saw in there led him to believe that it is simply not designed to handle the load I am asking from it . So I simply CAN NOT RECOMMEND this machine for bread making . It is rated for 2 loaves of bread , but asking it to actually perform this task will cause it to not-so-slowly burn its little brains out !! So , money that could have financed a fabulous vacation , or any number of other things , we have just invested in a Hobart N-50 5 quart . It looks almost exactly the same as the KA Pro 600 , but I expect , by all that I have read , that its life span is longer than mine . Here 's to a mixer they can bury me with ! I also understand -LRB- oh I hope I 'm not wrong on this -RRB- , that my KA hub attachments will fit the Hobart -LRB- the ice cream maker is probably a no-go -RRB- . PLUS , they say it is QUIET , and the KA was soooooo loud it was a real endurance event to be around it . I had been tempted to change to a manual pasta maker because the noise was so unpleasant . I am delighted to look forward to continued mechanized pasta rolling without the ear trauma.So , while it may be fine for light duty use , do not purchase the KA if your purpose is to regularly make bread dough .
 My husband and kids purchased this Professional 6 qt mixer for me about 3 years ago . I used to own a 5qt mixer for 20 years and the only reason I was happy to get an `` upgrade '' was to make larger batches of cookies and bread . Although I used this mixer on weekly basis , I never used more than 6 cups of flour for making bread or cookies -LRB- they claim this mixer can handle up to 14 cups of flour !! -RRB- Well , last week , this mixer stop working . I called Kitchen Aid and they told me to take it to a service center . When I took it to the repair shop , the guy told me he 's been repairing lots of these and recommend that I purchase a 5qt unit . He opened up my mixer and told me that the gears need to be replaced and it was going to be at least $ 200 to repair it . I think $ 400 mixer should last longer than 3 years . I am thinking about shipping this defective unit to Kitchen Aid and let them see it for themselves . If I were to write a review on the 600 series 6 qt mixer 3 years ago , I would have given a great review . For those who just purchased this unit and gave 5 star reviews , I recommend that you return it before your 1 year warranty runs out and purchase something else . So sad Kitchen Aid products are not what they used to be . I gave my 20 year old Kitchen Aid mixer to my friend and that one is still working ...
 Bought a Professional 600 about a year and a half ago . Today 9/15/09 the gears went out . We make our own bread and use it about once per week . The unit does not have enough power to mix -LRB- with dough hook -RRB- a full batch of dough -LRB- 12 cups of flour -RRB- . You will probably be all right at about 8 . It eventually stalls and you have to wait until it cools off before continuing . The 6 qt bowl will not stay latched in the back - even with the clips supplied with the ice cream maker . Making the drier dough needed for pasta is near impossible - we make it by hand . It is way underpowered and too light for the applications that we use it for.We bought a pasta maker attachment , which is used with the grinder and it does not work well - extrudes slowly and has to be force plunged continually . The same with the slicer attachment - we used it once - just like the person I bought it from on E Bay . Now I know why.Unit is probably good for light applications , but heavy duty it is not . So if you bake cakes , make icing , make ice cream -LRB- which it does well -RRB- you will probably be ok . But for me I am looking for a small used commercial machine.Very unhappy user .
 We got ours as a wedding present four years ago , and it 's just died . We do n't use it a whole lot and usually not for dough . It just failed to turn on this morning and looks like the motor is shot . Note that we have the newer version with the metal gears , but it 's still trash . We liked it a lot when it worked , but you really ought to save your money and get something else , nobody is happy to get you a present that dies so quickly .
 I bought this mixer to replace my 20 + year old commercial KitchenAid , which had a chewed up gear , or actually to act as my `` first '' mixer and have the old one as a backup once it 's fixed . I chose this for the extra bowl size and the extra power , since the old one was 350 and this one is 575 . It 's obvious from the first look that it 's not as well made as the commercial version . It does n't run quite as smoothly as the other one used to , and the finish is clearly inferior . The burnished attachments are n't as nice as the old ones , either , but I do like the newer spiral dough hook.On the plus side , the larger bowl is great , and it seems to have a nice range of speeds , including a very slow stir - great for not creating clouds of flour or powdered sugar , even without the guard . I like the flip-up attachment connector for things like my vegetable processor , too.I mixed up a double batch of oatmeal cookies , and it did a nice job . I had to scrape the sides of the bowl fairly often , but that was something I was used to with my older model . The cookies are great ! : -RRB- All in all , this is a very good product for the price , at least so far . I could n't justify paying an extra $ 500 for another commercial series mixer , although someday I will pass this one on to one of the kids as a housewarming gift and splurge ! After all , once they leave I 'll have all kinds of extra $ $ $ ! UPDATE ON 4-5-2012The mixer has started to click when there 's the slightest load resistance , so I fear it will have gear issues . Also , it has started to drop some kind of gray gunk into my dough.Soooo , I wanted to return it , but guess what ? The return window ended on April 1st - so I suppose I 'm the April fool here , left with a clicking mixer that discolors my dough . Hey Amazon , can you give me any help here ? Do I have to contact KitchenAid?Luckily my husband fixed my 20 year old machine and I can use it instead . You 'd think that spending nearly $ 300 would give you a machine of better quality .
 Dear Kitchen Aid , Based on the literally hundreds of negative comments on Amazon and other forums regarding your Kitchen Aid `` professional '' 600 model stand mixer and the lack of ability to mix 8 cups or less of flour into bread without breaking the motor or stripping the gears , it is obvious that the `` kevlar '' housing in pre 2007 models was a design flaw doomed to fail . So many people invested a substantial sum in this `` professional '' 600 unit with the intention of using it for many years , as was the expectation and actual case with older Kitchen Aid models . They even intended to invest in all the add-on components that go along with the base unit . I have a `` professional '' 600 stand mixer purchased in 2006 and used on average twice a month which has now broken while mixing less than 8 cups of flour . I believe that this was caused by a design flaw that your company is aware of . As an industry leader you should do the responsible thing and repair or replace these defective units instead of having your customer service reps pretend that this is not an issue and offer as the only solution that your `` valued '' customers spend more money to repair a defective unit with more `` kevlar '' defective parts . In the long run this policy will backfire on your company because you are losing the trust and positive recommendations of many many customers . I for one do not think I will ever purchase another Kitchen Aid or Whirlpool product based on my experience with this and could not in good conscious recommend your products to others . Future Kitchen Aid `` professional '' 600 purchasers be aware that this is not a unit that will function as advertised!KitchenAid KP26M1PSL Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Silver
 I have this unit replace once and is broken again now waiting for the other one . They removed my warranty because i am using it for selling purpose , they say they told the people but i didnt read anything about that before buying , it came in the manual after buying ... . Yeah , i was honest with them , also i asked advice in order to not break the unit again but they say nothing to me . The only thing they say is THIS UNIT IS TENT TO BE USED ONCE A WEEK WITH NO TOO MUCH FLOUR ... . So you make your decision .
 KitchenAid Pro 600 Series mixer is great . The burnished flat beater blade attachment I would n't give my worst enemy . Right out of the box it left a black powder on our hands so we hand washed all of them . Mixed up a cake with the flat mixing blade and after washing it the black residue still on hands using a non-abrasive pad . Then the blade was put into the dishwasher -LRB- dumb move on our behalf they are not dishwasher safe -RRB- and the dishwasher removed all of the coating and the blade is now useless . Tried finding an OEM or KitchenAid STAINLESS blade , but had no luck in my searches . I only seem to find plastic attachments which have a history of braking with the heavier duty mixers.I would rather spend $ 40 on a single stainless attachment than $ 7 on a crappy burnished steel attachment . The stainless steel would outlast the mixer . I have used the larger mixers in restaurants to make whip cream , mix cake batter and so on and all of those attachments went through an industrial dishwasher without a problem . The mixer was not a KitchenAid mixer . I guess my expectations were to high for KitchenAids home model accessories . I 'm blasting the accessories KitchenAid deemed fit to ship with it 's mixer , NOT the mixer.I rate the mixer low due to the low quality of the accessories that came with it out of the box.Leaving to go purchase a new blade at a retail store in hopes of using the mixer to make pizza doe for my wife , 3 kids and mother-in-law on Mother 's Day.I hope others who purchased this mixer or the 500 series have no issues with the attachments.Oh why did I buy this mixer ? Purchased it as an upgrade and to replace a 40 yr old mixer that is on it 's last leg . Wish the old mixers stainless mixing accessories fit the KitchenAid.Do you think I 'll see 40yrs out of this 600 series mixer ?? I thought burnishing was supposed to enhance the durability of metal products .
 The motor is very loud and clacking . So loud I will probably call kitchenAid to see if this is normal . I had a smaller version that was 10 years old and did not have any problems with it ever and it was not loud .
 I have a Professional mixer that used to work well . I did n't need the Professional model , but I figured that I should ever need it I 'd be ready . The mixer was working well , albeit loud , then it got louder , I started hearing grinding noises , and then it died.I called KitchenAid customer service , and they repeated their warranty policy over and over , offered to sell me a new mixer , or have it repaired ay my exppense.My mother 's KitchenAid mixer has nowhere near the power of this mixer , she uses her mixer for heavier duty loads , and it works as well as it did the day she bought it.KitchenAid does n't stand behind their products , so I wo n't buy another one of their products , ever .
 This is not a review of the product itself as I have n't purchased one of these mixers , but the 1 star is for Amazon 's misleading and downright incorrect advertising . This model does NOT qualify for the Kitchen Aid $ 50 rebate , despite what Amazon advertises . I called and spoke with the Kitchen Aid Rebate customer service folks after I noticed the model number for this mixer is not listed on the rebate form , and they confirmed that this model does not qualify . So -- if you like it for 259 , go ahead , but be warned you will not get it for the advertised price of 209 .
 I was charged for this product , but it never arrived . I would say that makes me very unsatisfied.Drew Benson
 Unfortunately this product never arrived to my home in Arizona . I tracked it until it was scanned in Phoenix . Amazon claimed that the product was returned to them because it was marked undeliverable . UPS told me , my address was correct , and that the product was lost . Amazon refunded the cost of the product without giving me the option of shipping another similar . It was a waste of time and phone calls to Amazon and UPS . Its is ironic that UPS still post the tracking number of the product `` In Transit '' . My wife ordered a similar product for Amazon . This time , however , she choose to pay the shipping . The product was at home , same address , in less than five days .
 well the ad price said 69 -LSB- . . -RSB- so i went to purchase it and the price was jacked up to 299 , well i didd n't buy it hate being lied to
 We bought the Pro 600 in 2004 , as a `` splurge '' to replace an older , smaller -LRB- but reliable -RRB- KA . Right away we noticed the annoying , high pitched whine so many have mentioned . We also noticed lighter-weight bowls , beaters , just not the same quality as our old KA -LRB- the `` pro '' model of its time , in 1988 -RRB- . After not quite 4 years -LRB- compared to the nearly 20 the old machine lasted -RRB- , the gears have abruptly stripped and the machine is completely shot . We would argue with KitchenAid about replacing it , even though it is out of warranty -- except that we have not the slightest desire to have another of these `` new '' -LRB- and cheaper ! -RRB- Kitchenaids . We will look to more professional grade kitchen equipment for our next mixer . These are high-priced `` gadgets '' indeed if they 're only going to last a few years ...
 Here 's the bottom line.Power . Not enough for most breads . Plenty for cakes and light stuff ; the same stuff a hand mixer does competently ... Extra attachments . We 've bought a few and are disappointed . The attachments do n't work well and are very expensive . My feeling is that the Kitchenaid design of the drive mechanism on the top front is simply a bad design . Read reviews of the pasta maker for examples.Efficiency
 Take a listen before you buy this mixer . It is so loud . It emits a lovely high pitched motor noise that frightens my dog even on low speeds . I called KitchenAid and they said it 's normal . Yuck . I 'm returning this mixer and buying another brand.They also do n't recommend using a higher speed than 2 for dough . Huh ?
 I received the mixer along with an attachment package direct from KA . Upon opening I found attachment shaft bent and beaters would not stay on shaft as something was missing . Also found the UPS sticker over top a sticker with someone else 's name and address . I felt that the unit had been returned and reshipped without someone checking it out . When I contacted KA customer service they were frightening . Told me they would replace but backorder situation would take weeks or months . I asked for return for refund . They agreed , but after two weeks with no pickup made , I contacted again . Kay at KA customer service told me no pickup had been scheduled nor would it as they only replace equipment under the warranty . Told me I could ship back at my own expense if I chose . I promptly packed and shipped back to them with tracking . Cost me $ 48.00 which I will never recoup . Nor will I recoup the originally shipping charge of $ 25.00 they added to my bill to send me the broken unit and attachment . So for the `` pleasure '' of doing business with Kithenaid it cost me $ 73.00 and I have nothing to show for my money . Kitchenaid is nothing more than a scam front . They sell and ship broken mixers that they know or should know are not working . I could have used the money to purchase another brand that does work out of the box . Be real careful dealing with Kitchenaid . They are no longer owned by the same people who built quality mixers years ago . Like so many good American brands they were sold off to quick buck artists who are recouping their investment by hook or by crook . I do n't know who curently owns Kitchenaid , but it is n't Hobart any longer . In fact Hobart still makes high quality mixers that work well and last forever and compete directly with the company they started called Kitchenaid . Buyer beware .
 Wow . The beater and dough hook are `` burnished aluminum '' and you CA N'T PUT EITHER ONE IN THE DISHWASHER ! I have read that you can get coated ones , but people then complain that the coating comes off in the food.What kind of a deal is that ? My old Sunbeam came with stainless steel beaters and dough hooks and they go thru the dishwasher just fine.Why is this thing the most expesnive thing on the market and they skimp on the beater & dough hook ???? Makes me wonder what ell ELSE they have skimped on that you ca n't see ... . the profit margins must be HUGE .
 Sure , we all loved them , at first . Within four years , mine , my mother 's , and a close friend 's all died . The problem was identical on all three ... first a few drops of oil started leaking out , which we all thought was our imagination . One or two uses later , they only went up to a low medium speed , then made clunking noise and stopped . Add that to our piles of also broken Kitchen Aid blenders and food processors , and you have a great picture of how the quality of these products has tumbled over the past five years . None of us will ever buy another Kitchen Aid product again .
 I dont like it at all . It is very heavy and inconvenient to use to put it out and in .
 This thing WILL NOT KNEAD BREAD DOUGH !!! The motor burns out before the dough is kneaded . I went through four or five -LRB- I lost track -RRB- and burned out every one kneading bread dough . Customer service is rude and lied to me about whether or not the item was under warantee . I will NEVER buy another thing with the KitchenAid label on it . Finally got a Magic Mill mixer and am very happy with it for bread dough .
 I purchased the NEW KitchenAid 600 in Meringue at the Amazon Black Friday lightening deal sale.After waiting for 10 years to replace my old mixer , I was so excited and opened the box as soon as the delivery van left . Surprise ! All the hooks were lying loose in the box with no wrapping . When I took out the mixer itself and tried to raise the bowl lifter , the internal metal part for lifting fell off and failed to lift the bowl . This is the first KitchenAid mixer I bought , so I 'm not sure if this is standard packaging for a new KitchenAid mixer or did KitchenAid shipped Amazon an used mixer by mistake . Regardless , KitchenAid should at least wrap the metal parts before they stuff things in the box . I debated whether I should ask for a replacement because the price was great for a new mixer . But due to the fact I 've never had any problem like this with my other Amazon orders , I decided against an exchange.As usual , Amazon was very fast in fulfilling the order . Amazon was also very efficient in handling the return for this mixer . Overall , I give five star for Amazon service , and zero star if available for the KitchenAid stand mixer .
 I bought one of this machine and I brought it to Venezuela , for my surprise when I tried to used it the machine never worked.I tried to find a contact number to apply the warranty in Venezuela in the Kitchen Aid website and by my dissapoint there are not contact number for warranty .
 A little over a year ago my wife and I replaced our ca. 5-year-old KitchenAid stand mixer with a KitchenAid Professional 600 . The new Professional 600 ran for about 45 minutes , but was cheerfully and promptly replaced ... by another which lasted a little over a year -- beyond the warranty period but not quite to the end of the holiday baking season -- with never having mixed anything beyond half the rated batter/dough quantity , and almost never at more than half speed . Finding local repair service quite unexpectedly turned out to be impossible , even with a large nationally-known store that seemingly weekly advertises new KitchenAid mixers and avows to service what they sell . When contacted , `` Kenny , '' Communications Coordinator from the `` KitchenAid Customer Satisfaction Center '' offered a `` shipping kit , '' for $ 32.00 , and to have us ship it to the factory to have `` a trained technician ... diagnose the problem and contact -LSB- us -RSB- with an estimate for repair , '' assuming , of course , that the basically one-year-old `` Professional '' mixer run at half-speed and half-capacity could be repaired . Kenny also noted that `` KitchenAid has implemented a program that offers a $ 30 discount on any Stand Mixer , whether it is new or refurbished . '' No doubt they have quite a few that have been `` refurbished . `` My wife and I , 39-year-devoted KitchenAid customers and fans , this week sadly said `` no more '' ; we purchased a new Bosch Universal Plus , with a claimed average lifespan of 17 years , and come early Tuesday morning most of what is left of our KitchenAid `` Professional '' 600 will be on its way to the local landfill.Tim RoufsDuluth , MN 55811
 I bought this mixer about 3 years ago . I would say I use it on a bi weekly basis -LRB- sometimes less -RRB- . I have purchased almost all of the attachments -LRB- grinder , juicer , food strainer , shredder , etc. -RRB- . I was making buttercream icing -LRB- it is thick , but not even close to dough -RRB- , and all of a sudden something clicked , and now my $ 400 dollar mixer has stripped gears . I would expect that a mixer that says it can handle double batches of bread dough , should be able to handle 1 batch of icing !! It is going to cost about $ 150 to fix . I also have a 5 quart that I got for my mom . It had been used about 10 times -LRB- she is not much of a baker -RRB- . It will only go slow even on high . That is going to be another $ 65 . I have several other kitchen items from Kitchenaid that just are not very good quality -LRB- knives that rust , and a $ 75 roster that peels after 2 uses -RRB- . I will be fixing both of these mixers , and selling them and all of my attachments and get a Viking -LRB- maybe there is a reason Alton has one now -RRB- . My aunt has my dad 's older model , and it is still going strong , I just do not think they make them like they used to -LRB- they are made so cheaply now -RRB- . I will NEVER buy Kitchenaid again .
 KitchenAid KSM150PSWH Artisan Series 5-Quart Mixer , WhiteWe like to buy quality kitchen products and thought that is what we were doing when we purchased our first KitchenAid stand mixer six years ago . When we first purchased it I used it for cookies and cakes . It worked great . We loved it so much that we purchased the pasta attachment and the meat grinder attachment . I then started to make bread and pizza dough with it . I was using the meat grinder attachment on the speed recommended in the manual when it sounded like something slipped inside . It would n't work anymore . When I called KithenAid customer service and told them what happened they asked me all kinds of questions about what speeds I used it on , for how long it ran and if I had kneaded dough for more than 3 minutes at a time . I did n't think I had done anything wrong . I followed the instruction manual every time I used it . This happened just a year after purchasing it so it was no longer under warranty . The questions from customer service left me thinking that maybe I had misused it in some way , so I went out and purchased another one . That was a mistake . Two months after purchasing the second one , the same thing happened as with the first one . This time I knew I did n't do anything wrong . I was babying this mixer -LRB- which you should not have to do -RRB- . This time it was still under warranty and I was about to call KitchenAid when my husband came home from work . He ca n't stand it when things do n't work the way they 're supposed to . When I told him that it happened again he swiftly grabbed the mixer and threw it , with all of his might off of a second story balcony into an asphalt driveway . The next morning he brought every KithenAid product we had into work and gave them away . We have not bought another KitchenAid product since and never will . We have since moved onto the Viking line of small appliances and have been extremely happy . There have been no more sightings of IFKO 's -LRB- Identified Flying KitchenAid Objects -RRB- .
 I just received this mixer from my husband as a Christmas present . After using my sister 's exact model , I thought I had no need to review the the instructions . Being that it 's such a swanky little machine at a swanky little price , I assumed that I can put the beater in my dishwasher . Being that I can put my $ 60 mixer parts in the dishwasher , I assumed that the $ 400 would practically wash itself !!! I know , I 'm at fault for assuming , but really Kitchenaid ? I researched and realized that the beaters for the smaller models have the capability to be put in the dishwasher ! #fail
 The KitchenAid cover is well made , but fails to cover the mixer completely . There is about a 1 '' gap between the bottom of the cover and the countertop . It appears the cover was made for the 5-quart mixer rather than the 6-quart mixer . I purchased the 6-quart cover , and it indicated it was the 6-quart cover , but it does not fit properly . I will probably end up giving this one away to my sister who has a 5-quart , and making my own that fits properly .
 I read all the reviews but thought I would take a chance because I loved my previous mixer , the 41/2 quart Ultra Power KitchenAid mixer . I upgraded thinking I could make a bigger batch of bread , but this one can only handle 2 loaves of wheat bread . Even so , it is not as well built as my previous model and can not handle the work . This mixer might be okay if you do n't bake bread and only use it for occasional muffins , cakes , etc. . I am on my 2nd replacement -LRB- yes 3rd mixer of this model -RRB- in 2 years . KitchenAid 's customer service is still great but the quality is not what it used to be .
 This mixer is not worth the packaging and shipping charges if you plan on using it for anything other than light mixing projects . The day we opened it we went to mix a 71/2 cup batch of bagels , half the flour this mixer is bragged about being able to handle , and also the same batch size that our 8-year-old Bosch mixer has been doing ... and is now back to doing because the `` KitchenAid 600 Professional '' overheated and shut off . I had to wait for quite some time for it to reset itself before I could proceed . The second batch I cut the flour back and added more water . It overheated again and shut down . We bought this mixer for the spiral dough hook , as it 's great for bagel kneading , but soon found out that this machine can not handle real mixing . We called the factory on the first day of use to let them know that we were very disappointed and wanted to return it . They would not stand behind their product at all , and told us to change the recipe of the bagels.Within a month of owning this `` toy , '' I was making white Italian bread , and lo and behold it overheated . I made wheat/white bread , and the gear housing started grinding and completely seized up ... the mixer needed to be replaced . My daughter bought one of these mixers as well , and she has experienced the exact same problems , other than the seizing.We owned a KitchenAid Mixer 8 years ago , back before they had this `` Professional 600 '' in their line . It performed better than this one but was too small for our needs ... we gave that one away . We then bought the Bosch . My wife and I like this stand-up type mixer that stays in place when mixing , so we thought that KitchenAid finally came out with a mixer that would compete with its rival in power and ability . Needless to say , this mixer certainly stays put ... that is , until it shuts off and does nothing . It stays put then as well . The marketing department at KitchenAid did a great job here ; however , the engineering department dropped the ball badly.Please understand , I 'm not an irate customer . I 've been happy with my KitchenAid appliances in the past , and was optimistic about this mixer as well , but seeing how this turned out I felt it necessary to warn others about its shortcomings . It has wonderful looks and will work excellently for cakes , cookies , whipping cream , mashed potatoes and the like , but please do not be misled
 I fell victim to last years Black Monday hype , and bought the special offer KA-600 from Amazon , advertized for $ 209.00 -LRB- after mail-in rebate -RRB- . Though I was never happy with my KA Artisan , I had heard somewhere that the new KA-600 had a better quality.Not only did n't the package contain any forms -LRB- or information -RRB- on how to get the rebate - but the mixer also appears to be totally unusable for my purposes . I wanted a second , larger mixer for making pre-doughs and smaller batches of bread -LRB- I also have a 7-qt Cuisinart and a 20-qt Hobart -RRB- . To my amazement I realized , that you can use the kneading hook only up to speed 2 ! The higher speeds are exclusively for mixing or beating light batters or egg whites.I tried the mixer for several different pre-doughs , and found that kneading a heavier dough -LRB- ca. 900 g -RRB- even at speed 2 resulted in the bowl shaking so violently that its divet disconnected from the counter part on the stand -LRB- where it snaps into -RRB- . I ended up having to hold the bowl in place so that it would n't move so much . I also had to scrape down the sides of the bowl several times , very annoying.The only thing I could mix fine so far was egg white . So much for the `` Professional '' of the mixer!I am glad that I still have my 7-qt Cuisinart . Compared to the KA-600 it is a real work horse ! I make all my pre-doughs in it , the dough hook grabs even smaller amounts , it is rarely necessary to scrape down the bowl , and I mix doughs up to medium-high speed - even heavy whole grain doughs.I really do not understand why the KA still gets good reviews - what are these people mixing ? Pancake batter ?
 I bought mine in 2006 . I had the older 5qt model for 20 years , and was excited for an upgrade -- well , I should have kept the old one . I do a lot of baking
 We owned the KitchenAid Professional 600 mixer for a few years and use it maybe twice a month ... the point is we have n't over used it . The mixer stopped working and we called KitchenAid and they could n't help . Apparently , the warranty is only one year and there are no service centers within 300 miles of the 4th largest city in the country . They said they could have us mail it a service center for repair ... who knows what that is going to cost !! I would have expected something like this to last a life time . My mother-in-law 's kitchenAid stand mixer lasted for years . Apparently their quality has declined.Our next stand mixer will be another brand !
 This review is for a metal gear box case version . The metal case does not improve any of the product quality . I broke 2 of this , each were withing 20 usages with instructed speed 2 . I am an aerospace engineer , and I attended a professional bakery course and in hope to star my bakery shop . I bought this product to test my recipe before I can go full scale production , unfortunately this product has very short life span . First , it heats up quickly . The heating may due to too much gear box friction , the load of mixing the dough and the lack of air ventilation . The machine shuts itself down frequently . After about 15 uses , the gear stripped and failed . I chat the customer service online , and they told me the gear box is not included in the warranty , but they are willing to send me a new one just for this time . So , I got a new only in few days , and send the broken unit back to them . However , the new machine does not have a longer life span . I failed again for the same reason . Please view the photo I posted with the product page . It 's so obvious that the gear box is full of metal chips . The teeth are too fine to handle the loading , or the gear is made of cheap materials . Hope this will help when you are selecting a mixer .
 My mother and my mother in law had kitchen aid stand mixers that lasted over 20 years . My pro-600 575 watt $ 379.00 mixer which I bought for myself and my two daughter in laws lasted exactly 14 uses . Oh yes it took two years and 9 months for it to shoot craps , but it sat in the closet for all except about 11/2 hours of use.The transmission is a piece of junk , any stress and the bushing snaps and you now have a $ 120.00 replacement/repair bill . DO N'T BUY THIS MIXER IT IS JUNK , PLAIN AND SIMPLE JUNK.What used to be a fine product is another example of the lousy standards American manufacturing companies have . The unit was `` assembled '' in the USA , but where were the critical parts made ? Good question , but Kitchen Aid wo n't tell you.Want a price to fix it , either mail he unit in , -LRB- think of the price of that friends -RRB- or take it to your local repair shop which if you are as lucky as I am , is a 130 mile round trip.Service , quality ? They do n't know the word.Amazon is a great service , I love buying from them . I wish they carried reliable products , but they , like I thought it was a superior brand . What a mistake I made . Do not make the same mistake that I did .
 I purchased this mixer in 2008 to be the primary bread kneeder for our family . I used it regularly for bread -LRB- 3-4 times per week -RRB- with a recipe that was included in the cookbook which accompanied the mixer . The recipe was for two loaves of french bread , requiring only 7 cups of flour , well below the KitchenAid 's advertised 14-cup capacity . It was also used for other baking needs such as single batch cookies , or double batches of quick breads . This is a great machine if you plan on using it sparingly or rarely plan on kneeding bread . It does not live up to it 's advertised claims . If you are going to be using it sparingly , save you money and buy the cheapest model . I have numerous friends that have the basic mixer with no problems . Everyone I know that has purchased the `` Professional '' has been disappointed.After 8-months , the machine broke . The cylinder that turns the mixing attachment seemed to get stuck . It would no longer turn any attachment , thus rendering the mixer unable to be used . I called the customer service line and a new mixer was sent out to replace the machine . I have no complaints about the quick , no questions asked return policy from KitchenAid . I did ask at the time if there was something that I did that could have caused the damage as to avoid the same action in the future and was given a negative response from the customer service representative . The new machine , once arrived , preformed great with no problems and I went on my merry way using the mixer in the same fashion . I am now on my fourth mixer , and my 4th request to replace the machine . At this point I am to their `` No Lemon Policy '' in which they will buy back the machine or replace it a final time . Needless to say , I am going with the buy back.I would also recommend not purchasing any extended service plan from them . I called last week to report to the extended warranty service that the machine was broken . I now find out that a -RRB- I did n't need the extended warranty due to the No Lemon policy that KitchenAid does not readily advertise and b -RRB- the customer service line you call to report the initial claim to can do nothing for you at the time . The fact that extended warranty does not have the prompt and hassle free service that their main customer service line has was beyond disappointing . The woman I spoke with at extended service gave me , 4 working days ago , that I would hear back from them with a `` verdict '' as to whether they would replace , fix or do nothing with my complaint in 2-3 business days . As it is the end of the day on the fourth and I still have not heard anything , I am extremely frustrated and disappointed . This is a machine that my family uses daily and is very inconvenient to be without , and to be without any contact from KitchenAid is even more frustrating .
 Wish I had read all of the reviews on this before purchasing . I was enticed into paying extra for the `` professional '' series with the expectation of more power , better components , etc. . We 've only used it 10 times over the last 2-3 years and it now does n't have the torque to mix anything but air . Of course it 's out of warranty . Customer service was friendly but not helpful . Referred me to a few service centers . I do n't believe in the KA name anymore . For the cost of shipping , diagnostic and repair , I 'll just buy a cheaper mixer . It will probably last just as long .
 I purchased this mixer specifically for mixing large amounts bread dough . The box said it can make over 8 pounds of bread with white flour . Well nothing could be further from the truth.This top of the line Kitchen Aid mixer will knead about 2 pounds -LRB- of 50/50 white/whole wheat -RRB- worth of bread ingredients without over heating . Anything over that is a struggle.Out of the box ; I used the mixer to make about 4 pounds of 50/50 white/whole wheat bread resulting in the mixer emitting smoke and shutting down . Subsequently it makes an annoying loud ticking sound . -LRB- The advertised overheating protection did not fully protect the mixer from partially breaking down . -RRB- If you need a mixer for making more than 2 pounds of bread look elsewhere . In kitchen-aid 's defense I do n't think any home mixer on the market could do more . But they should not advertise as such -LRB- I bought the mixer based on their ad -RRB- In the future I will look for a good quality bread-maker , a small commercial mixer or a purposely designed dough kneader for my bread needs . -LRB- I do n't use this mixer for mixing other ingredients , I assume it would do that just fine but so can my $ 50 hand mixer -RRB-
 I purchased this mixer because it was highly rated by Cooks Illustrated . It is so noisy I could only use it when my family was not nearby . Under light household use the powerful motor overpowered the cast head , breaking off a piece critical to the gearing . The company refused to stand behind the product .
 The real measure of a mixer 's strength is n't what it can deal with once , it 's what it can deal with day-to-day . And these modern kitchenaid mixers simply ca n't put up with regular use in any real way . I bought one of the cheap Artisan series mixers and used it to make bread -LRB- 2-3 loaves/week -RRB- for nearly two years , at which point it broke under the strain . Then I bought this model under the idea that it 's 14-cup `` flour power '' would be more than enough to handle making single loaves of bread with only 2-3 cups of flour . Boy was I wrong . This model has broken under the strain in only 7 months , and I 've even been using it significantly less than I did the Artisan.If you want/need a kitchenaid mixer for light duty things like cookies , cakes , whipping egg whites , or the wide array of attachments you can put on them , then go and buy one of the cheaper models . If you want a mixer that will hold up to the `` strain '' of baking a loaf of bread each week , then look elsewhere .
 I was kneading bread six cups worth and the gears went out . Now I need to have it fixed , I am a loyal Kitchenaid customer , all my appliances are from the Pro Series . I have wanted a kitchenaid mixer ever since I was a kid and we used one in culinary school . This model is a disappointment to the Kitchenaid name . I called customer service and that was an equal disappointment .
 This was maybe used 5 times in a year . It stops working three days past warranty . Kitchen Aid will do `` a one time courtesy '' and replace it with a refurbished one . That 's lame and so is this Pro 600 mixer for not lasting at all . Yes , I operated it under proper care outlined in the manual . Now I know why there are so many refurbished ones online ! Downright BS policy with Kitchen Aid .
 KitchenAid mixers have tumbled downhill as they 've changed the manufacture of their mechanical parts over the years . What used to last 10 years now falls apart after 1 . I have worked professionally in kitchens for over a decade and hear from everyone -- pastry chefs , repair people , and professional supply stores -- that they wo n't touch KitchenAid mixers anymore . Read through these reviews and you 'll find a common thread
 It 's nice to have Kitchenaid . They are easy to use and they make baking a cake easy . With this specific unit , though , you have to beware of the attachments . They are covered in a substance that comes off in your food . I have had to dispose of quite a few batters because flecks of the `` protective coating '' have come off while I was mixing . To add insult , Kitchenaid assured me that they would send me another paddle , but did n't . I waited over two weeks and when I called them back , they disputed the fact that it was their product at fault . I think if you pay $ 360 for a product , you should be able to use it without purchasing another item to make it work properly . For that amount of money , my paddle should work ! I am not a fan of Kitchenaid helpline . Do n't trust them , always follow up .
 I receive the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series for Christmas . I was very excited , because I have never had a KitchenAid before . I could n't wait to try it out . My daughter and I tried one of the bread recipes from the recipe book that came with it . When the machine started mixing the flour , we smelled a burning plastic smell . I hoped it was from it just being new . It was n't . I have made 4 more batches of bread . On the last batch , the machine stopped while it was kneading the bread . I smelled a really strong smell of burnt plastic right before it stopped . I called customer service about the problem . They were not very helpful . I was told that this was common , and when the mixer got hot , to let it cool down . What ? How ridicules is that ? This machine says that it can `` effectively mix up to 14 cups of all-purpose flour per recipe '' . The recipe I was using was 7 cups of flour . Two of those cups were wheat flour which does make for denser bread that is harder to mix , but it should n't have made that big of a difference . It does not make sense to use this machine for making bread if you have to turn it off when it gets warm and then do the kneading yourself!My machine did turn on again after a half an hour , but it still smells like burnt plastic when I use it . My only choice is to use it until it stops permanently , and then I can get a replacement from the company -LRB- if it stops before a year is up -RRB- . The new machine will then be put into my cupboard to make cookies while I use something else for making bread . I should have purchased something else to start with ! I 'm sad to say that I now have a very expensive dust collector . If your interest in this machine is to make bread-look somewhere else .
 I had a smaller model kitchen aid mixer that finally wore out after years of use and because I still had attachments that worked well , and a great respect for the product , I decided to get a larger model - a professional 600 . This product does not deliver the quality of what Kichen Aid products used to represent . Large jobs overheat the motor causing it to turn off . I like the idea of it turning off instead of burning up but , in my case a large job is two batches of bread run back to back . This ` Pro ' can not handle long run times using larger recipes , -LRB- I refer to the recipes included with the mixer -RRB- . In my opinion , this product is a waste of money because it does not perform as advertised . Motor overheating seems to be a common complaint from reviews I have seen on the internet and I can surely vouch for the accuracy of the motor overheating during NORMAL operation . I think Kitchen aid was bought out by some other corp. and the result is poor quality products that sell for a respected quality price . They also ignore e-mails .
 Like another reviewer stated , this mixer has the power , but Kitchenaid cheaped out on the design of the supporting components . I used to use my mixer about once per week to make bread , marshmellows , etc etc. . Nothing unusual or out of the ordinary for a `` professional '' class mixer . However , in the 2 years I have had this mixer , I have now burned out 2 motor speed controllers -LRB- at a cost of $ 150 a piece to replace !!! -RRB- Right off the bat , I noticed that the mixing bowl actually flexes when your making a batch of bread . That 's right , it flexes and distorts and sometimes comes in contact with the mixing paddle.Like some other reviewers , I also noticed metal shavings during my first few batches of dough -LRB- watch out -RRB- . Note , these mixers have also been known to leak oil ... that 's right , gear oil in your batch of cookies!This mixer strains under loads that KitchenAid boasts it can handle . It also overheats very quickly -LRB- 5 minutes of mixing is all it takes -RRB- . Think twice before kneading whole wheat bread dough!And the worst part -LRB- no , not the plastic gear box -RRB- , is that their motor speed control circuitry is flawed . The mixer simply fries itself . Others have noted that when this happens , the mixer comes on at FULL SPEED immediately and stays railed until shutting itself down.Since this is a safety concern , let me repeat that
 I bought the Pro 600 and gave my dependable Classic to my in-laws who never have a stand mixer . Unfortunately even with minimum use , the gearbox on the Pro 600 broke . Since the warranty has expired , Kitchen Aid and Amazon suggested a repair center where I could pay to get it fixed . Big Deal !!!! My old classic runs like new after decades of use ... and the new Pro 600 is broken after minimal use . Obviously , Kitchen Aid has changed ... it does n't stand behind it 's products . Never again .
 It appears so many people were breaking the plastic gear covers inside that they have finally fixed the problem . Now they have `` POT METAL '' -LRB- JUNK METAL -RRB- aka very wimpy metal gears . So instead of breaking the plastic cover the gears themselves strip out , blow chunks and grind to pieces.I speak from experience . Our third one just died . After the first two we knew we needed to be tender with the `` little '' mixer . All that did is made it so our warranty has expired and we get to pay for the third.So why do I give them a star . 3 reasons .1 . Great features -LRB- unfortunately if you use them the machine will self destruct -RRB- 2 . Somewhat good warranty . -LRB- at least they let us try again & again -RRB- 3 . This is the real reason they get a star . Amazon does not allow 0-star reviews.Legal disclaimer
 After much drooling and review reading , I finally settled for the Pro 600 KitchenAid . I knew that this machine has sometimes bogged down so I wanted to give it a good test . I decided to try a double batch of a sweet bread dough requiring 10 cups of sugar -LRB- well below the ` Flour power ' for this model -RRB- It started mixing and things were going well ... until it stopped . It did not seem to labour , it just stopped . Over heated I guess . So I ended up finishing up by hand ... I 'll return it tomorrow .
 I was disappointed with this item . This was a Christmas gift for my wife and wish it would have not been defective . I wanted to return it and get a new one but Amazon did not have this option . However Amazon told me I could return it for a refund.Reason for return
 I have just paid $ 129 to have Kitchenaid repair my two-year old 600 series mixer . It died while making cookie dough . This is my second 600-series mixer ; Kitchenaid -LRB- to their credit -RRB- swapped out the first under warranty after it started behaving erratically.The primary use of this mixer is to make 4 loaves of bread/week . I never expected miracles
 My wife bought me this mixer as a Christmas present . It was to be an upgrade from my trusty old 4.5 quart KitchenAid mixer I 've had for almost twenty years . This new one does n't deserve to wear the KitchenAid name.On the weekends I bake bread and bagels . Old trusty can plow through 5 or 6 batches of bagel dough without a problem . The new `` pro '' model ca n't even make it through two before switching off from overheating . Also it gives off an odor half way through the first batch . The recipe I use is from an old issue of Cook Illustrated , in the article they state they use a KitchenAid mixer . Also the recipe uses a mere 4 cups of flour.If you really want one of these I 'm considering leaving mine at the end of the driveway with a FREE sign on it . May save my pennies for Hobart -LRB- they owned KitchenAid back when my old mixer was made . -RRB-
 BEWARE ! THIS IS NOT YOUR GRANDMA 'S 1950 KITCHENAID MIXER -LRB- HERS IS PROBABLY STILL WORKING -RRB- ! It is a badly-engineered , expensive , appliance nightmare.I had a 5-quart KitchenAid mixer for many years , but since that one was almost worn out , and I really wanted a larger capacity machine , I `` upgraded '' to the 6-quart model.BIG MISTAKE !! This machine does NOT have enough power for serious bakers . It literally `` smoked '' the motor on the first try - and I was following all the instructions to the letter -LRB- i.e. , only use the dough hook on speed 2 , etc. -RRB- I 'm not stupid . I even used a bread recipe out of the KitchenAid cookbook!So I received a replacement from KitchenAid . -LRB- Good news if you do buy one - they will send you a replacement - but it makes you wonder why their return system works so well . . maybe because they have to replace these machines all the time ?? -RRB- The new mixer has not been any better - while it does n't exactly `` smoke '' -LRB- yet -RRB- , it overheats and locks up . And it drips BLACK OIL out of the hole where the attachments go in . Yummy ! Black oil in your bread dough . I spend more time wiping and cleaning it than anything else , and what SHOULD be a relaxing pasttime -LRB- baking -RRB- , instead becomes a stressful , frustrating nightmare trying to use this badly designed , underpowered machine.OK , if you are ONLY going to make fluffy cakes and pies , the KitchenAid is probably fine for you . On the other hand , if you want to make bread , brownies or other thicker-dough recipes , forget it . Go with a different brand and get at least an 800 or 1000 watt machine.Because of my terrible experience with this mixer , I will NEVER buy another KitchenAid product EVER .
 7 years ago I purchased my first Kitchen Aid mixer . I had a beautiful Robin 's Egg blue Artisan 5 quart and it was glorious ! The one problem i had Kitchen Aid promptly replaced my machine . As my kitchen tasks got bigger I decided to go up to the professional 600 series . I have hated it since i got it . it just never worked as well as my smaller artisan . WEll last Christmas as I was making a batch of marshmallows -LRB- as I had done tons of times in my smaller mixer -RRB- it just stopped . Of course it was right after the warrinty ran out . So I took it for repair and it was going to cost $ 200 , why ????? Because they used a plastic casing and if one thing goes the whole box goes . Then i called Kitchen Aid and they told me that they would send me an invoice and if it was determined it was a manufacturing flaw it would be fixed , but if not which they doubted it was I would be responsible to pay for the repairs and shipping . I then found out that Kitchen aid had been sold . I have decided not to fix it but put the $ 200 towards another brand . This machine was a cheap peice of garbage that cost bme $ 400 . Kitchen Aid of yesterday is not the same kitchen aid today !
 Awesome machine with plastic gear box . No accountability from manufacturer . Buyer beware ! research this item before you dish out the money on this one !
 Use it for 5 mins and sensor went out , of course out of warranty and I was told to ship this heavy item to a repair facility all at my expense . So I pain about 500 + dollars and I used it 5 mins that 's 100 dollars a a minute . There 's a lot better things I could get for 100 dollars a minute . Piece of junk in my opinion and lousy lousy customer service . stay away!kitchenaid 600 pro mixer
 To my shock and horror , I find kitchenaide professional to be pathetically underpowered , too loud , and a true pos . Both my wife and I have worked in professional kitchens and have a fair amount of experience with baking . Just making cake mix , something most people can and do by hand , creates kitchen stress because of the volume and visible work this specious piece of equipment has to do . Bread ? Forget about it . This thing ca n't make bread from scratch . Kitchenaide is okay with being behind a ` bread machine ' for production of one of the world 's most sacred compounds ? Then prepare for people who care about quality and wanting more than a few cupcakes to spread the word that KA makes a lame machine . Frankly unbelievable . Thanks KA for making a gigantic counter top hogging machine that can sort of whip butter .
 If you note the model # on this item -- then go to the rebate form and check it against the qualifying model #s -- you 'll see that it is not listed as qualifying for the $ 50 rebate . I just called KitchenAid ... their rebate people said they 've been getting calls , and this model indeed does not qualify for the rebate . Too bad -- would have snapped it up in a second .
 I had a old KithenAid I was happy with it . I needed new one after 10 years . I bought this new one , and it is a Cheaply made . It is not made like the old days . I will say by by by to KitchenAid . Never again .
 Just called KitchenAid and they said the rebate does NOT apply towards this model . The person I spoke with specifically said that the model number does not qualify . Kinda sucks that Amazon stated that it does ...
 My husband purchase this KP2M1PGC KitchenAid Mixer as a gift . I was really diassapointed and wish he had bought it locally so I could return it . This model is a `` fixed ' position head that will not tilt back for ease of operation . I ca n't blame my husband the Amazon site does not identify that this particular model is `` fixed '' . Most kitchenAid mixers displayed in stores are tilt models -LRB- user friendly -RRB- . Even my two daughters did not like this mixer . Do not purchase this one ... you can buy the tilt model for the same price .
 Hi , A week ago I bought a kitchenaid mixer which has already been collected and is still not at my address . In status said
 Before I purchased the 600 series KitchenAid mixer , I would have made sure I knew exactly how to receive the promotional materials promised - a $ 40 debit card , a book of recipes and a magazine subscription . When I clicked for more information regarding these promotions , before I ordered the mixer , the information said that if guidelines were n't apparent , then the information would be in the box . There was no information in the box . And to attempt to go back to the orginal web site was too daunting . Through obfuscation of information the promotional perks I was promised never appeared .
 Before you decide to purchase this product PLEASE please PLEASE take the time to read other people 's `` horror '' stories on other websites . There is invariably a very large proportion of negative reviews about this machine including their customer service vs the positive ones . Yes we all know that people are more likely to post negative reviews than positive ones - but I believe IMHO that the `` across the board '' consensus proves that not everyone can be wrong.This all being said , I 'll tell you my little story . My grandmother had one of these -LRB- well it looked the same -RRB- and I 've been in love with it - fondly remembering licking the bowl after it was used to make wonderful kitchen concoctions . I have been `` sold '' on wanting one of the VERY SAME mixers from the time I was in that kitchen standing on the stool so I could see over the kitchen counter.Just as a silly I-have-extra-time-on-my-hands thing , I decided to see what the reviews said about my `` love '' . Well , I was offended at first thinking , these people must be crazy - I checked to make sure we were all talking about the same machine , etc. . Yep , sure enough . Well the long and the short of it is - that my grandmother 's machine manufactured 35 + years ago was manufactured as a part of a retail -LRB- home -RRB- line of a commercial mixer manufacturer called Hobart . Hobart is a company that still manufactures mixers -LRB- very high quality -RRB- but the have long since stopped being used by KitchenAid to make their mixers.My grandmother was one of the lucky few that back in the day quality of the mixer and customer service was made by Hobart , but no longer do we in this generation have that wonderful option.Now , I feel like I do not want to even CHANCE having any of the problems that a KitchenAid is NOW known for . If I could go back in time and get one of the older models - that is what I would do . But for me , I think the choice is going with a used Hobart -LRB- smallest version of course -RRB- - that WILL actually last .
 this product was returned within a few days of receipt.The mixer was totally unusable.The rotor shaft was sitting in the bowl when I unpacked it.This would have been my third Kitchen Aid mixer.Total garbage .
 I received this mixer for Christmas and was very excited.It struggled with basic six-cup dough recipes from the start . It 's just completely failed while kneading a dough for me , again , with only six cups of flour on the lowest speed . It smells like something burned out as a nasty chemical smell is being exuded.Now it does n't function at all.I 'll assume this is a random bad unit .
 I received this mixer as a gift for Christmas 2006 . In October 2008 it broke - internals gears and housing cracked . It is no longer under warranty and is a $ 150 + repair . I used the mixer for regular household tasks about 2 times a week - i.e. , nothing out of the ordinary.I 'm really disappointed - so much for my $ 300 + investment ! Kitchen Aid customer service can do nothing for me - I 'm leery of purchasing their products again . I do have the 4.5 qt . mixer that I used for 12 years and am again using now - it no longer locks but otherwise works fine . But I miss making double batches of bread , cookies , etc. . GRRRRRR !!!!
 Just after the warranty expired the mixer stopped working -LRB- Probably around 5 uses -RRB- . I contacted the Manufacturer hoping they would repair the mixer with no success . Not worth the top dollar spent on this item .
 I bought a KitchenAid 6 quart stand mixer from Amazon.com that offered a $ 50 mail in rebate . I sent in everything it asked for , and got a letter back saying they did not get the register receipt . The rebate says to send a register receipt or a packing slip . They say the packing slip Amazon sent has the order date but not the purchase date . I asked to speak to a manager and was put on hold for several minutes then hung up on . I 'll never buy anything from KitchenAid ever again , nor will I buy anything from Amazon.com that offers a rebate .
 I 've had my mixer for 3 years and have had numerous problems . I was making a batch of bread a week ago and the mixer got too hot and stopped in the middle of kneading my dough . It never would start again so I took it to a local small appliance repair person . He said the new mixers are `` junk '' and all the parts are made in China , but assembled in the US . He also told me that the new ones are nowhere near as good as the old US made models . Phooey on Kitchenaid ! I wo n't be spending big bucks on another one .
 This is the second mixer I bought from this company , I though the last one was too small than I bought this larger one . The problem is not the power is the design . Their engineer should let their wife to try out at home first instaead just developming/testing at the lab .
 I bought this for my wife a year ago to replace a 30 year old KA mixer , this new mixer has been replaced once you ca n't stay in the same room when its running . I bought the extended 3 year warranty but when i sent the original mixer back the warranty was voided due to the change in serial numbers with the new one . BEWARE of Kitchen Aid , they do n't do business like they used to . AGAIN DO NOT BY KITCHEN AID MIXERS ...
 I bought this mixer almost exactly 10 months ago and have used it less than a dozen times . I was kneading bread dough and it just quit woking and started smoking . I turned it off immediately and unplugged it . It 's completely fried and wo n't turn back on . Please contact me and let me know how to get a replacement . Thank you .
 i buoght it from amazon thinking that it was a waranty . nop . it came out to be bad . and now i dont know what to do
 Like others have said , this machine is great if you want to mix softer doughs , BUT THE MOTOR BURNS OUT EASILY . Mine died after kneading 1-lb . loaves once every 2 weeks for 8 months .
 I purchased a Pro 600 mixer 3 years ago . Shortly after the 1 year warranty period the unit stopped mixing . Since I had called concerned about excessive noise , which the customer service rep indicated was `` normal '' , they replaced it with a rebuilt unit . Now , 20 months later , the rebuilt unit is dead . The only help I get from customer service is a list of places to get it repaired.I have not abused the units -LRB- I make 3 loaves of bread a week -RRB- . Either I had 2 lemons , or the top-of-the line KitchenAid model lacks durability .
 I too , had the same issue with the plastic transmission housing cracking on the mixer . Upon reading the review that Kitchenaid will send out a replacement all metal housing , I contacted customer service via `` live chat '' . I know the previous review is from 2006 but sadly , policy has changed in 2010 and I was even told that that email could not have come from them -LRB- I shortened to keep review space constraint -RRB- : Posted from `` Live Chat '' between myself and `` Erin M. `` Erin M
 We purchased the professional model thinking it would stand up over time . We only use it to make bread and pizza dough . It cant even handle 4 cups of flour . After moderate use the gears broke . This model should be recalled !
 We 've had a Kitchen Aid Mixer for years and have been pleased with it 's performance . However , when we decided to `` upgrade '' to the 6 QT mixer we have been disappointed with the loud noise of the machine . Our son is a pastry chef and works in a University Kitchen and he provided perspective , informing us it 's as loud as some of the school 's kitchen large institutional mixers . The 6 Qt.Kitchen Aid is in our kitchen at home and the sound truly detracts from our using it . Surprised at Kitchen Aid and disappointed with the product . Something 's not right with this model .
 I purchased this model as a replacement for my 25 year old kitchenaid . I am very disappointed , and will return it after the holidays . The first time I made bread using the new `` more powerful '' mixer , it overheated and shut off . I have made the same recipe many times in my old model , and never had a problem . Very disappointed . I also found it much noisier than my old one . I think I will try a Viking next .
 The power of this mixer is great , but not worth the money if you want to use it a lot ! We bake a lot of bread , gingerbread , etc. , and I have gone through two of these in three years . -LRB- The company replaced it once when it went out after just one year . -RRB- The gears strip . We have never exceeded manufacturer 's recommendations for amounts of flour . I started looking on the internet , and found that my experience is not uncommon for those who use the mixer a lot for bread , etc. . I am looking at a Cuisinart to replace my KitchenAid , and I have used KitchenAid for thirty years ! I am sad , but the quality seems to have changed , and I do n't want to waste any more money .
 The quality of KitchenAid products has been going downhill for a long time . There is simply NO excuse for the the fact that you ca n't put the beater/dough hook/whisk in the dish washer . When I called up customer service , the best excuse the rude woman I spoke to could provide was `` some people can not afford a dishwasher . '' I guess KitchenAid is n't the upscale , high quality brand it used to be ... And to all of the people in the reviews here saying customer service is great if you talk to the right person , that is not good customer service . If you have 50-50 odds of having your issue addressed , that is called * bad * customer service . If you have to call multiple times to have a legitimate problem such as a defective gearbox addressed , that is bad customer service . KitchenAid has bad customer service.After a going through a lousy KitchenAid dishwasher , a defective KA slow cooker that had to be replaced 3 times before getting one that worked , and now a mixer I have to hand wash after every use , I am done with this brand . Congratulations corporate bean counters , you have destroyed another quality American brand .
 I have looked forward to owning a Kitchenaid Mixer for several years . On 11-25-10 I decided to purchase the KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl . This product was purchased for general baking purposes and provide me with a means to begin making chicken and turkey specialty sausages.This item arrived two days later than listed from the Amazon Prime shipping statement . I must also state that up to this point I have been EXTREMELY satisfied with Prime two-day shipping , as I have 7-12 items shipped monthly . I do not to believe this to be an issue.Upon opening the box , my excitement level contiued to rise as everything arrived well packed and in as-described -LRB- NEW -RRB- condition - or so I thought . After configuring the item as descibed in the manual , I plugged it in and turned it on.To my extreme dissappointment , the mixer was operating erratically - right out of the box ! The item was mixing with an abrubt and jerky motion throught the 10 different speed settings . It was easliy determined the mixer has a defective electronic speed control -LRB- I have an electrical engineering background -RRB- . The following morning I contacted Kitchenaid customer support via the number listed in the manual . The representative confirmed my diagnosis as I operated the device over the phone so they could hear the erratic operation . The representative promptly recorded my information to send me a new device within 7-10 business days.I requested to speak with a manager and inquiered about including an extended warranty or possibly reciveing a free accessory for my inconvenience after expressing my lack of confidence after spending several hundred dollars on a `` top-tier '' mixer that was defective right out of the box . My requests were met with an attitude of annoyance from Barbara - who was `` extremely busy because of the holiday season . '' My call was never transferred to a supervisor.The customer service could have definitely been better . I was planning on having a holiday cookie party the following day with friends and family that had to be postponed to the following weekend . It is unfortunate that Kitchenaid quality control measures have appeared to become compromised.I will update this review to reflect the outcome of receiving the new mixer in the mail when it comes.Coincidentally , my 5 year old Kitchenaid diswasher had the door support break the following morning , ha ! `` Tis the season '' : -RRB-
 I bought this Kitchen Aid mixer for my husband who was making a lot of bread . We have owned it for about 2 years and yesterday something in the gear box broke so that the gears did not mesh . It was a great disappointment to nolonger have a mixer.My mother had a kitchen aid mixer for years but that one was made before the company was bought out . These new mixers just are n't as rugged as they claim to be . Buyer Beware!KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 I would not buy this product again . The gear box housing is made of plastic and breaks very easily . Just look at the pictures that people have uploaded . I did n't use for the first year and a half then after 1 hour of total use the gear box cover broke just like so many other people . I called customer service and they told me it was out of warranty . Do your research first and do n't buy . Fortunately I can buy a metal gear box housing on Amazon . What does n't Amazon have . : -RRB-
 Bought this product for the KitchenAid name -- have since learned my lesson . Product lasted two years being used barely to half capacity , then the gears just stopped working . When I contacted Kitchenaid , they surprised me by really not caring an ounce . They would not help me an iota because it was beyond warranty -- unless I 'd shell out more money to them to fix it . They even tried to make is sound like it was my fault . They claimed that the 14 cup maximum is INCLUDING all ingredients , when their manual clearly says you can use recipes that call for 14 cups of flour -LRB- ASIDE from all the other ingredients -RRB- . When I told them that , they quickly changed tact . Said I was probably leaving it running too long ... I have a Cuisinart that I use super-heavily , and have never had a problem with that in years . If you 're looking for a product that is n't disposable -- and if you 'd like the company you 're buying from to care about what happens to you even after the 1 year warranty -- I 'd recommend avoiding this product , and Kitchenaid .
 We make bread often - three times every two weeks ; our usage of the machine is quite heavy , but not excessive , and we keep the kneading speed to 1 or 2 . We bought the machine in 2007 ; soon enough , the `` planetary '' rotator descended from the rest of the unit . As this probably happened while the mixer was under warranty , we should have called KA , but did n't , and simply pushed the rotator up back against the machine . It worked for a while -LRB- 6 months ? -RRB- , on condition one periodically pushed the rotator/agitator back into place . Eventually the rotator fell entirely off the vertical -LRB- ridged -RRB- shaft extending from the body of the machine
 I feel reasonably well-qualified to review this mixer . I write this only after giving up on my fourth one . I inherited the first from my mother.My parents purchased the first one in the early 1970s . It died in 2003 . In its day it ground sausage , whipped cream and eggs , and made an occasional batch of bread . So when it croaked after 40 years of service , I bought this model to replace it . Disclosure
 I bought the kitchenaid pro 600 series and the first time I turned it on it was obvious it was n't working right.I ran it on the `` stir '' setting with the bowl empty and it went so fast I thought it was going to take flight . It ran at this speed for 2 seconds and then just quit , it does nothing if I turn the speed up higher . If I turn it back off and then back to the `` stir '' setting it does the same thing . I read through the whole manual and did n't see anything about this being a `` feature '' . The lemon goes back tomorrow .
 We own a chain of bakeries and have used KitchenAid mixers for a long time . We just bought two of these in december and they are really poorly manufactured . They both have broke within 45 days of use . It seems the gears are not greesed properly and the metal just dissasembles . I replace the gear on both and one broke again . Wish I could return these product , but it is too late for me . Do n't buy this model buy the K45 .
 I bought this top of the line mixer at Macy 's ; I mostly use my Cuisinart so used it only a couple times a year for whipping cream or other tasks the Cuisinart does n't excel at . Brought it out this Thanksgiving and it has broken down . Very disappointing !
 I wrote a 1 star review due to this unit breaking due to a cracked plastic gear transmission housing.After reading the many poor reviews and issues with this part breaking I thought I would add some thingsI learned.Our old unit was extremely noisy right out of the box , so much so I actually called the customer service line and asked for a new one , but they wanted to listen over the phone and said no that the noise was normal and the unit was fine - enjoy . Our unit lasted 3 years and was well used . Many loaves of bread and bagels from it.We were going to repair the chewed gears and transmission housing and when the new parts arrived we found that the new replacement transmission housing was actually a metal one . I was happy to see that but we then found that the gear shaft had also bent ever so slightly which would lead to yet more failures , so we returned the parts . I feel it bent when the plastic transmission case broke and the shaft lost it 's upper support . With the price of parts exceeding $ 175 to fix it correctly I felt it was time to give up on the old unit . I researched all the other units , none seem to be any better - all had issues - but after spending so much time with the insides of our old KA I thought it best to buy a new KA 6qt pro and watch it closely while in warranty.When I got it to the house -LRB- 1-25-10 -RRB- I removed the unit cover to see if they changed anything . I can say that the new unit has the metal transmission case . I was shocked ! There also seems to be a lot more lubricant in the transmission than my old one had and the new one runs much smoother and much more quietly . If my old unit ran like this I never would have called the KA customer service . I 'll check on the gearing every few months to see if it starts to chew the gears , especially while it is in warranty - if so it goes back to KA immediately . I would suggest anyone with a new unit do the same . It is easy to open up the top and transmission case , just need a square drive bit or screw driver and a small phillips head . Another FYI , the service manual I found on-line says that the gear grease should be changed periodicly . It 's a special grease safe for kitchen use . Hope this helps with your decision ...
 Broke the third time I used it . KitchenAid repaired it under warranty . 2 years later all the gears stripped , it 's going to cost me 100 dollars to repair it . No warranty . Really Kitchen Aide ?
 Worked pretty well for less than two years and that is a LOT of money to spend for a mixer than does NOT last and I only used this MAYBE once a week ... probably more like twice a month . I never abused it or put more ingredients than it could handle -LRB- per the user guide -RRB- . Even so , the unit would get HOT after only a couple minutes of kneading ! Loved my first KA 41/2 QT stand mixer , but this one is a joke . Does not mix as well and does not get to bottom or sides of bowl very well at all . Also very awkward when you must stir to get to the bottom and sides with spatula or spoon while bowl is still attached . Can not believe I 'm left to shop for yet another mixer at my biggest cookie baking time of the year . will NOT buy another kitchenaid mixer . These days they are JUNK . Most definitely not worth $ 400 !
 Bought this in Oct/Nov 2011 . My wife has used it for relatively light tasks . About April it totally stopped working . Turns out , the gears are completely stripped . These are the supposedly new , metal gears . She has an old model from 10 years ago that is still trucking . But this one died after 6 months . So sad .
 My 600 pro had a plastic gear housing that cracked long ago . I got a metal one from a repair shop , but the gears themselves were already damage . The result was the paddle is misaligned so it binds up on the bowl . nothing but trouble , even after repair . Now it is completely unusable . That was a big waste of money and it created a lot of worry during times when the kids and I should have been enjoying ourselves . In the market for a new mixer ; reluctant to try another kitchen aid .
 We first bought this mixer in November , 2011 . It worked well for us until November , 2012 . The gears broke or something . I called customer service and I lucked out because it was still under the one year warranty . Well , the new one started smoking after the first attempt to knead some dough -LRB- it was a small batch at a low speed -RRB- . I tried it again today with a small batch of dough -LRB- 7 cups -RRB- . The machine was very noisy and sounded like something is broken . I called customer service again . It turned out I was to blame because I kneaded my dough at speed 4 instead of 2 during my second attempt . However , customer service was kind enough to replace it for me again . I was warned that this is as far as they are going to go with the warranty . So , I am on my own if my mixer breaks down in the future . Even though customer service is fantastic , the new product is poor in quality . When the new mixer breaks -LRB- I have no faith in KA anymore -RRB- down , instead of calling customer service again , I will try a different brand.The rating would have been a one star if it was n't for the great customer service.Mine was red but the same model as this one : KitchenAid KP26M1PSL Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Silver
 Unless you just need a mixer to decorate your kitchen . If you ever try to use this one , especially for bread , it will break fast . I did worn five of them , all between 14 to 17 months after their first use . Of course warranty was out each time , and when I learned about all the problems people had with this expensive mixer , I was shocked . This mixer is not intend to any dought work . Parts inside are poor quality and worn out really fast . Performances are in the lower range . Sounds like cheap `` made in china '' mixer . Customer service is horrible , since they are used to deal with so many unsatisfied people .
 I carefully weigh purchases before I buy , so this one was no different . I placed several mixers in my cart at Amazon and would look at them and compare them . I pray about every decision I make , this one included . After reading a lot of the reviews , I decided I was not going to buy this one . But one morning as a I was looking at them again I seen this one was marked down to 269 and you get 50 back from Kitchen Aid . We decided to buy it beings it would end up being about 1/2 price of the other mixers we were looking at.The very first batch of bread the motor heated up and started to stink and soon shut off . We waited like the directions show and it started again . We have since made only about 10 batches of bread with the results being the same every time , except for about 1/2 the time it would not even finish . Now today it shut off and does not turn back on . I just got off the phone with Kitchen Aid and they will replace it free of charge . They will not give my money back so we can buy something else.Bottom Line ... . If you need a light duty mixer cookies , cake , frosting , and ect this will do fine but so will a $ 20 hand mixer . If you are buying this to make bread please RECONSIDER .
 We purchased this items as a replacement for a KitchenAid `` Classic '' mixer , the 4.5 quart tilt style unit . We were most interested in the larger capacity for baking bread . All I can say is , KitchenAid ai n't what it used to be . We used this unit to make both a large batch of dough -LRB- almost max capacity -RRB- and a single batch . On the larger batch , the mixer became too hot to touch about halfway through the kneading process . The smaller batch was no better . In addition to getting VERY hot -LRB- much hotter than the older , smaller , and ostensibly less capable Classic mixer -RRB- , the bowl kept popping out - leading to quite a racket and potential damage . Calls to KitchenAid were not helpful . Overheating has never been a problem on my 10-year-old unit.In addition to these issue , the mixer is INCREDIBLY LOUD . The old mixer was noisy , but tolerable . The new mixer is downright obnoxious in its noise level , so bad that it 's hard to do anything in the next room.Lastly , the mixer has a habit of shedding metal . After kneading the smaller loaf , I noticed that either the mixing blade or the dough hook -LRB- I assume -RRB- had shed metal shavings into the bottom of the bowl , which of course made their way into the dough .
 I have owned a Kitchenaid Proline stand mixer since the mid 1990 's . It has been a great mixer . I decided to upgrade to the larger 6qt Professional model . I used it briefly two times and returned it to the store . I did n't feel like the wire whip was close enough to the bowl to get all the ingredients mixed/whipped together . I did read the instructions about the adjusting screw but could not tell that the whip even moved . Also was disappointed that they had cheapened the attachments -LRB- my old whip is stainless steel , new one was aluminum -RRB- I am keeping my 90 's mixer . Seems like everything made now is more expensive and NOT made to last .
 I own the Pro 600 , an old KitchenAid 41/2 qt and a Hobart 20qt mixer . My old 41/2 qt KitchenAid and 20qt Hobart are much quietier than this mixer . I never exceed an equivalent of 1 # of dough per quart of mixer bowl size , yet I have killed 3 Pro 600 mixers making a high hydration pizza dough recipe in all 3 . My 41/2 qt workhorse has been quiet , reliable and seemingly unbreakable . My 20qt Hobart is , of course , unbreakable . When the Pro600 works , it takes nearly 10 minutes to develop the gluten in a 10 % protein flour dough . I can do it equally well in 8 minutes by 41/2 quart mixer and about 8 minutes by 20 quart mixer . The dough hook is not properly designed to kneed efficiently and effectively . The dough temperature rises significantly higher when using the 600 series mixer also . This reduces my first rising time -LRB- not desired for my dough -RRB- and also leads to dough oxidation -LRB- not desired for any bread dougn -RRB- . I suggest that the folks at KitchenAid go back to the drawing boards on this mixer and figure out why it is so loud , so inefficient and kneeding and so darned fragile . For goodness sake it 's supposed to have a heck of a lot more power than my trusty 41/2 qt mixer ! In the future , I will spend much more money for a tryly `` professional '' mixer and make sure it performs as is promised by the manufacturer before I throw away the receipt . My advice , buy this mixer to look pretty in your kitchen and use it only to make cookie dough , cakes , etc. . It may work well for whipping and mixing , but is not designed for kneeding beads . If you plan to really use a mixer for its intented purpose , save some money and get the smaller KitchenAid models or spend the big bucks and buy a spiral mixer for dough .
 I used the speeds for the dough hook as specified and it still burned the motor out . I 'm not sure where I want to go from here but I do n't think I 'll take anymore chances with this lousy machine .
 I also got one with the serial number beginning with w14 . . I turned it on an it ran for about 5 seconds and just stopped . I put in another gear and turned it back on again and it did the same thing . After reading a previous review about the w14 serial numbers being the old plasic housing units i checked and sure enough that is what it is . I think these are the old ones that have been returned before and amazon is dumping them . for all of you that bought these check your serial numbers and if they begin with W14 you need to send them back . . they are junk .
 I have owned a 325 watt Kitchen Aid for 25 years . It grinds meat monthly , and gets used for everything from cookies to bread dough , it has never failed me . I `` upgraded '' to the kitchen Aid Professional 575 watt stand mixer so I could knead bread in double batches reducing how often I bake . I purchased my crimson beauty on Jan. 14 , 2012 . During my first batch of bread the machine started smoking ! Kitchen Aid customer service very politely informed me I 'd kneaded too long , my old machine could knead longer than 7 min . but not this delicate rose . They sent me my new machine Jan. 29 . All went well until April , again smoke rising from the machine during kneading , I 'd taken to setting a timer for 5 min . and would finish kneading by hand because I feared damaging another machine . I was informed by CS perhaps 9 cups of flour was too much . Although stated clearly on the box `` Flour Power 14 cups '' , The KA rep said `` This machine in fact ca n't handle anywhere near that much . '' They told me to let the machine cool down and start it again . I chose to grind meat ! If it ca n't handle what my 25 year old machine has been doing then it does n't deserve my counter space . It started up but within 3 minutes -LRB- yes I was using the right speed , diced the meat etc -RRB- the machine quit . We took off the grinder attachment and found oil dripping out of the machine.I wish I had read the negative comments more closely . If you want a beautiful machine that sits on your counter like a trophy , that you do n't really need to use often and do n't mind babying then this is the machine for you . If you want a work horse that lives up to high standards and can get the job done , you 'll need to look else where in my opinion.We have returned our machine to Sears where we purchased it . Sadly I have lost all confidence in Kitchen Aid . My old KA has stepped back into her old position and is doing a fine job . I may look into a Bosch for larger batches of bread dough .
 I am totally disappointed with this mixer . It will shut off whenever anything hot is being mixed - like mashed potatoes ! Steam makes the mixer shut down and renders it useless ! -LRB- Just what you want when you 've got everyone sitting down to dinner . -RRB- Upon talking with Customer Service , they informed me that this was a `` Feature '' of the higher models . I would have never paid extra money for this `` Feature '' . Instead , I 'd call this a total Design Flaw ! My mixer is 4 months old . Kitchen Aid Customer Service informed me that it is working properly , and they will do nothing . They have no Customer Satisfaction policy , and will not allow me to trade in this model for a lower model without this added `` Feature '' . After owning a Kitchen Aid for 20 years prior to this , I am completely disappointed by their product and service . This brand no longer represents what it once did for me !
 My husband bought me a KitchenAid Artisan 5 qt mixer 10 years ago and love it . It has lasted and is still going strong . It has a wiggly neck pin now but nothing major and I use it at least twice a week . Since I bought my first machine we went from a family of 3 to a family of 8 so I thought it was time for an upgrade to a bigger bowl . I love to make bread once a week and wanted to get this mixer so I could double my recipe . The Artisan only holds up to 8 cups of flour -LRB- without a mess for me -RRB- and my favorite bread recipe calls for 6 cups of flour so I was super excited to see that the Pro 6 qt . could do recipes up to 14 cups.The day it came I pulled it out and proceeded to make a double batch of bread with 12 cups of flour . I used the dough hook on the speed 2 exactly as I had with my Artisan for the last 10 years and just as the manual said to and it started smoking out the speed control knob and out the back where the cord comes out of the machine as soon as the flour got up to about 8 cups . I got online and read that it can get overheated -LRB- after 2 min ?? -RRB- and to give it a break . I gave it about 15 minutes and started it up again . This time it was pouring smoke and when I went to turn it off it made a loud clicking sound and sparked . It lasted less than a 1/2 hour -LRB- only about 6 min . of actual use -RRB- and I had to finish my double batch of bread by hand . I 'm not sure if it will come back on or not but I 'm scared to death to try . I 'm sending it back for a replacement and crossing my fingers it was just a fluke or a lemon but based on other reviews I 'm not really hopeful . Wish they made 6 qt bowls for the Artisan !
 Plain and simple , do n't purchase from Bazingaroo . They sent me an older model . Not only that , what I purchased was a NEW KitchenAid mixer , yet they sent me a used one . In addition , it had someone 's name scrawled all over it . They offered to let me keep it while also giving me a $ 100 credit . This would have been fine ... except for the fact that the older , USED model they sent me is n't worth what I paid for for the UN-used NEWER model which is over $ 300 more than what they sent me , even if they threw in the $ 100 ! Please , for your sanity , and the comfort of not having to go through what I went through , do n't buy from these guys .
 This may be a great pot when it 's in good shape , but your chances of getting an undented one are close to zero . the first pot I got had a dented lid , and it was clearly damaged in transit . The box they shipped it in was very thin , and they did not double-box it . The replacement -LRB- which arrived very quickly - thank you Amazon -RRB- WAS double-boxed , and the inner box was not damaged at all -LRB- the outer was a mess , though -RRB- but when I opened it , I saw a huge dent , so severe that quite a bit of enamel was chipped off both inside and outside of the bottom pot . -LRB- see photo -RRB- So even though I still want this pot and Amazon 's price is good , I 'll pay more and buy it locally , where I can at least see what I 'm getting . Going back and forth to UPS is a very annoying waste of time . Too bad both Granite Ware and Amazon do n't understand that this product is delicate and must be handled carefully .
 I just used this product for the first time on Friday and all it did was leak . I tried multiple times to tighten the faucet part and would not get a great seal . I 'm past the return date so my plan is to throw it away since it pretty much useless .
 I ordered this item and the faucet was missing . Unfortunately , I did not receive a total refund for the item . I believe they charged my account for the shipping and handling even though the item was missing parts and the return policy clearly says that you will not be charged in that case .
 Because this product was called `` Clam and Lobster Steamer '' , I assumed it would be large enough to accommodate more than ONE clam and ONE lobster . Not so . I never would have selected this pot had I seen it in person . I returned the pot and bought one -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- twice as large for the same price .
 The steamer arrive with a large dent . The Amazon shipping box did n't have a dent on it and neither did the Graniteware box . It was clearly damaged at the factory and then just put into a box and shipped out . Returned and did not order a replacement .
 I have not received this item -LRB- over 2 weeks late and can not track item or get seller to respond to my e-mails -RRB- , and filed a claim with Amazon , and am hoping to get a reimbursement .
 I 've received the plates broken -LRB- 2 -RRB- and I `` m trying to get areply from you . So , thanks a lot for your help .
 I purchased this to keep near the pet 's litter box . It does not eliminate odors . Even though I clean the litter box three times a week and changed the filter on the Odor Eliminator regularly , I did not notice a difference after leaving it on for several days and then turning it off for a day.This is not worth buying .
 Shortest time-to-garage-sale in our recent history . What a piece of junk . Works about as well as plugging in a hair dryer and blowing air around . A real ripoff .
 This item is way too large . Far more than I expected for a plug in .
 I bought this item in hopes of curbing cooking odors in the kitchen . I positioned the odor eliminator withing 3 feet of the stove , well within the recommended 6 foot range , turned it on to the Quick Clean setting , and saw absolutly no reduction in the odor or the smoke that resulted from the frying pan .
 I am unable to use this product because none of the electrical sockets in my home has the strength to hold onto the electrical prongs of this relatively bulky appliance . This is definitely not one of those cute little plug-in heated-oil room deodorizers . This appliance weighs in at 1.5 pounds , and has dimensions of approximately 8.5 inches high x 6.5 inches wide x 3 inches deep . Think of it as a hefty box of brown sugar plugged into your wall with nothing holding it in place except the plug . Unless your socket forcefully grabs electrical prongs , you would be well advised to consider an air cleaner that is not plug-mounted . The weight of this unit literally pulls it out of the socket . I , for one , do not appreciate the additional expense and bother of replacing a wall outlet to accommodate an appliance that may or may not do what the manufacturer claims . This product is clearly a misadventure in engineering .
 My first impression was great . A well built product , robust , definitely not flimsily . Yes , it is bigger than what I was expecting , but in a positive way -LRB- the only drawback can be the electrical socket . You need a firm one to hold the product hanged there in place -RRB- . However , I was disappointed with its efficacy . It is not strong enough to eliminate the odors of rooms or bathrooms . Actually , it makes little difference even when at its maximum level -LRB- which makes a very loud noise -RRB- . Therefore , after a couple of weeks , no one cares to turn it on anymore.It seemed a great idea , though . I was really hopeful when I saw it at Amazon .
 I have to agree with the reviewer regarding the bad fit between the pot and the stand it sits on . It does not sit squarely and firmly but instead is wobbly . It will not tip over but neither does it mate properly and there is this little irritating wobble . When dealing with hot oil the last thing I want is for the pot to be less than secure on its stand . Also , the burner is too large in diameter to be slid in and out of position between the legs of the stand . In order to refill the burner you have to remove the pot and lift the stand up , then remove the burner . Who ever designed this fondue pot never used it , but it sure is pretty in the pictures .
 This timer keeps time just fine . It 's easy to set . And it is thoroughly FRUSTRATING !!!!!!!!!!!!! I have been using it for about 2 months now , and it has some interesting occurances . First , the magnet is intolerably weak . I got the timer , took it out of its box , and put it on the fridge . Fine . Then I used it . As soon as I touched a button -LRB- not even hard enough to set a number -RRB- it came crashing off the fridge . Pretty much that 's the story . If you want to use it , you have to hold it in your hand.The other frustrating thing ... It only times 100 minutes . That 's fine if you 're making cookies or a cake . But if you want to time your roast while its in the oven , it sure would be nice to have more time . ***** Final Thoughts ***** Find another timer . This one keeps time fine , but if you are going to invest in a digital timer , get one that keeps at least 10 hours.If you are going to buy a magnetic one , I suggest that you see it in person first to find out whether it sticks well .
 The first one I recieved worked for one day and then went completely dead . The replacement was also defective as part of the display did not show and I could not make any settings.Do NOT buy this timer
 Would you believe that my husband could not figure out how to reset this timer - and admitted it - and gave it to me to reset . Although I am reasonably computer saavy and I can usually figure things out fairly quickly , I can not reset this piece of junk . I just reordered a new timer and I made certain that I did not purchase the same brand .
 I searched high and low for this color green toilet seat cover to coordinate with a froggy shower curtain . I gave up and found this lid sock . It 's so impractical as anything in the toilet that may `` splash '' -LRB- sorry -RRB- up when the toilet is flushed - we always close the lid for sanitary reasons - is now splashed up on the lid sock because it covers the entire underneath of the lid , unlike a standard cover that just goes to the edges . And you can tell . So you have to launder it often instead of just wiping lid with a Clorox wipe . Gross .
 Too bad there was n't also a simple picture of the sheild . The picture shown is deceiving ! It looked as if it fit the whole bowl . I would not have bought it if I knew there was a gap in it . I guess I 'll slap some tinfoil over it and make due .
 The lid does not cover the bowl . Why do they make such a lame pouring shield ? When I got it I assumed that they had n't shipped half of the pouring shield .
 The shield is flimsy . Does n't stay on well . Awkward to use . Does n't save much on clean up time or the mess .
 My original shield had two pieces which covered the whole bowl.The kitchenaid knips 1 does not cover the whole bowl . It leaves about a six inch opening which allows escape of dry products during the mixing process
 Shield just sits on bowl . It does n't snap on it just floats . I also bought the lids and they do the same thing . They have so many bowls that they make it universal so it fits nothing !!!!!! Called KitchenAid and they said thats the way they fit and we had the right one . I will never buy anything else KitchenAid .
 Was looking forward to using this bowl , but it did not fit the seating on a Kitchen-Aid 4.5-quart tilt-head mixer . So , just a word to the wise . Still love my K-A ; but this particular bowl wo n't fit it .
 Penley 027 50 pack Wood Spring ClothespinThey 're cheaply made and flimsy . I would never have bought them if I had touched them . Typical junk made in China .
 Ad shows Made in USA on Bag , ones that I received were Made in China . BEWARE !!!
 These clothespins are flimsy . The wire spring is quite weak and the clothespin comes apart easily . Not at all like the older wooden clothespins that I still have . I had hoped to find more of that quality online since I can not find them locally .
 I bought the pack of 50 for line-drying ; half a dozen loads of laundry later , I 'm down 10 from where I started . The spring coils are cheap and have very little pressure . The springs also shift so much that unless you use pliers to crunch them back together -LRB- constantly -RRB- , they snap on the line . I 'm tired of re-washing clothes that fell in the dirt ! The place I bought them -LRB- small town , only option -RRB- only carries that brand , so I 'll be doing the replacement shopping online .
 These clothespin fall apart easily and damage your clothing . The ends that slide over the clothing are not smooth . Since it is only a cheap product , I did not take the effort to get my money back .
 bought from filmtools some of these penley clothespins . Do n't waste your time . GO to Ebay and find the real deal .
 I purchased two bags of these at our local hardware store . One bag was fine . The clothespins were sturdy and strong . The other bag was not . The springs continued to pop off . Neither bag was suitable for delicates as none of the pins had been sanded where they grip the clothing , so nylon garments snagged on them . It is hit or miss with this brand . Some of the pins are fine for sturdy materials and others are not.From what I have seen , all wooden pegs and most platic ones , are made in China now . They simply do not last . It is unfortunate .
 No problem with the seller , but this is a piece of junk !! Worked for about a month . Finally after trying to fix it several times I threw it away .
 While this crusher primitively demonstrates the function of a lever , that 's almost all it 's good for . For one , the can stack constantly jams the next can up behind the piston during use . This does not subside by simply reducing the amount of `` crush '' you apply to the previous can ; the following can tips back and stands up behind the piston . As mashing the lever back and forth does little to unjam things , we are now reduced to a one-can-at-a-time scenario . I paid twice as much as I could have for other single can models.Finally , even with a healthy coat of lithium grease on the piston guides , this crusher ground right through it 's `` powder coated '' finish after only a couple of uses .
 After doing about 4 dozen cans , the handle started to bend and spread at the pivot and the bail wire for the crusher plate started to slip out . After that it 's trash . Recommend Dial Industries can crusher made from polystyrene . Its better designed , holds 10 cans and half the price .
 We 've had this 2 years , and in that time it 's crushed about 9 full sized garbage bags of cans . Time to replace it.Don ' t get too personally attached to that wire framed can stacker . Ours detatched after about 3 bags full , leaving an effective single can crusher . After 6 more bags full of cans , we 've lost the crusher today . The metal moving parts are too bent out of shape . That 's about 75 bucks worth of cans it 's gone through .
 Crushes cans OK but you have to stop and clear jams every few cans . Cans larger than 12 oz . do not fit .
 Does the Job , but is hard to use and the cans do n't stay in line . This takes more time and energy and just stepping on cans .
 We bought this one to replace a cheap one that lasted berely 2 weeks . We read all the reviews and decided that it would fit our needs and all the comments gave it raving reviews . We purchased it on June 28 , 2012 and before August 28 , 2012 it just fell apart . A big waste of money because now we have to buy a third one.Do yourself a favor and spend a little more money and really get a decent one that will last for more 2 months .
 If I had to base this review soley on product delivery it would have received high stars BUT the seller 's return policy is very unfriendly . I gave this review 2 stars because it was n't a product issue but an issue with their return process . Unfortunately I had to return the entire pasta collection kit -LRB- $ 381 and change -RRB- because the kitchen Aid standing mixer did not live up to its hype . The items were never even opened and so I contacted the seller . They were very quick and curteous to respond and sent a `` return label '' . This I learned is not a return label for pick shipping but just an address of where to return the item too . I had to take the large box to a seperate private business that provides this type of service , pay $ 15 to have it returned with a UPS tracking number . I notified the company and gave them the tracking number . They responded by stating they do n't have the tracking number so I sent it a second time . The item was delivered in one day , the 17th a Thursday . I never received any notice that the item had arrived so I checked the UPS sight 7 days from day of delivery and it showed the Thursday delivery with a signature . Still not contact from seller . I called them personally and after they looked into it they found that they had it.They charged me a 10 % restocking fee for unopened items and did n't even consider the $ 15 shipping costs to me . I was willing to be flexible about the shipping costs because there was nothing wrong with the items but when I asked them to reconsider the $ 38.81 deduction from my refund they were clear in saying NO . I went back to Amazon to review the item order and no where on there was information on their return policy or a restocking fee.So , if you find something you like from this seller and you are certain you will not need to return it ... I say go for it . But if you need to have the option for a supportive return DO N'T .
 For regular pasta , this set is a dream . The ravioli maker , though , is a total piece of junk . Different friends and I have attempted to make ravioli with it on four different occasions . It shreds the dough and wastes all the fillings . After I bought it , I went back to read the reviews and there were dozens of reviews attesting to the same problem , not a positive review among them for the ravioli maker . Wonder what happened to all those negative reviews?For rolling out and cutting flat pasta , this is a great set . But , unless you need another door stop , do n't order the set that includes the ravioli maker .
 I have only washed this set of pillow cases twice and one of them already popped a seam .
 I have not had any luck with Sanus products . Their first product I purchased was their VLF410 full-motion mount from Best Buy . After going through all the work of attaching the mount to the wall and the television to the mount , I found that the lower right arm on the mount that the television sits on was bent . Also , with the weight of the television -LRB- Samsung UN65ES8000
 This rack just arrived today and it was a PAIN to put together . The instructions were cheap too . I would n't recommend setting it on carpet because it 's incredably wobbly . Some of the bars on the shelves are bowing upward too.This is not what I had expected but it gets the job done I guess . I have about 50 CDs on it right now and it 's sitting on a big piece of tile.I 'd recommend looking at other media storage racks and not this one .
 My husband got me one of these for Valentines day , and it is the ugliest thing I have ever seen . It is squeaky when you touch it , and feels brittle like it 's going to snap at any moment . I 'm asking him to return it , it 's hideous .
 title says it all ... ! nothing extraordinary about these roses.Stiff like a rock , brittle like a stale cookie , stinky like nail polishthere is no real way to keep them in a bundle to give as a bouquet.I kinda regret this buy , cuz i bought the dozen !
 I like the solid construction but I also like strong coffee . This machine does not `` spray the entire filter basket '' . Instead , water dribbles out of a 2-inch diameter ring , leaving dry grounds at the end of the brew cycle . I sent the first one back . The replacement does the same thing . KitchenAid customer service confirms that , despite the discription on Amazon , the unit does not spray the entire filter basket . I 'm sending the replacement back also . If you love strong coffee , do n't buy this machine .
 When I read of this 12-cup coffee maker with die-cast body I had to get one . Upon reading the manual I came across this line
 1 -RRB- Someone else pointed out that the carafe design collects steam which leaks all over the place ... It 's actually worse than that . The plastic ring around the top conceals a piece of soft rubber that is adheared to the lip of the glass . On top of that -LRB- on the inside ... I took it apart -RRB- sits a plastic ring , and between this inner plastic ring and the outer plastic ring there is space in which over time collects whatever leaks into it when it 's turned upside down and washed in a dishwasher . In adddition to leaking this mix of old coffee and dishwashing detergent onto your counter , it also leaks into your coffee . So , you must hand wash the caraf . It took me a couple years to figure this out in which time I 've been drinking small amounts of that gunk every morning .2 -RRB- The digital clock on mine quickly grew so faint I can barely read it , espectially when it 's orange which it is when you try to set the time or the coffee brew time . I mean , you can BARELY read it .3 -RRB- After about a year , rust formed under the paint on the top gray part adjacent to where you pour water in through the stainless steel grate .4 -RRB- You can see in the glamour shots of this piece of junk a stainless container where you put the ground coffee . The handle is plastic and readily broke by the nut that attaches it to the stainless container . Inside , there sits a plastic basket , so you have two large items where there could have been one to put in your dishwasher .5 -RRB- It has no gauage on it 's side where you can see how much water you 've poured into it . So , you have to pour the water into the carafe and then ito the machine .
 The carafe leaks when you pour coffee into your cup , as well as pouring water into the machine - to make the coffee . Poor carafe design . I spent over $ 300.00 for this machine ! It is sad that engineers could overlook such and important component ! The spout on the carafe , regardless of how the carafe is placed , leaks water when pouring . I am going back to my Bunn , which is a superior product in my opinion .
 I 've had this set for years purchased from a retailer . I use these to store flour and sugar . Two major problems
 I purchased these canisters because I liked the industrial look , and the handy viewing window . After using them for about a year I am now in the market for a new set of canisters . These canisters are very sturdy , do keep your food sealed and dry , and are reasonably attractive as long as you do n't look too closely at the raw edged plexiglass window and the excess epoxy . They also collect fingerprints very easily , although in fairness all stainless steel finishes are likely to have this problem . The problem with these canisters is that they are very difficult to open . I have medium-sized male hands and it is a stretch to open the largest canister . If using the canisters for sugar in particular , you must make certain to keep the threaded plastic rims very free of excess sugar or you will have an extra difficult time opening as the sugar crystals tend to gum up the threaded lids . I think these canisters would be satisfactory if they had pop-off tops , the threaded top does not seem to be the best design for loose food storage.For my next canister purchase I will be seeking an item with a silicon sealed pop-off top , rather than a screw top . I 've seen several such items available on Amazon , and I would strongly recommend taking a look at them before purchasing this item .
 I use a lot of garlic for cooking and I 've been wanting a peeler . I was disappointed that this peeler did not really get the peel off . Save a couple bucks - just pop your garlic cloves in the microwave for 10 seconds . Peel comes off easy !
 I bought one of these from Macy 's a while ago . Since it 's a little cheaper than the other roll type -LRB- looks like a toilet paper cardboard tube -RRB- , I thought I 'd give it a try . I had two heads of garlic to peel , and I tried to use this garlic peeler to shuck cloves . It really did n't do anything , did n't matter how many cloves were in the ball at a time.The way these are supposed to work is that the rubber surface has enough friction to get the garlic peel to stick to it - you do have to roll it on a flat surface in order to crack the peel from the garlic . Unfortunately , because this peeler is round and a little too big , it ca n't generate enough friction to actually take off the peel . Perhaps this one is supposed to be used differently , but you ca n't figure that out from the instructions.Pros
 I use a lot of garlic for cooking and I 've been wanting a peeler . I was disappointed that this peeler did not really get the peel off . Save a couple bucks - just pop your garlic cloves in the microwave for 10 seconds . Peel comes off easy !
 I bought one of these from Macy 's a while ago . Since it 's a little cheaper than the other roll type -LRB- looks like a toilet paper cardboard tube -RRB- , I thought I 'd give it a try . I had two heads of garlic to peel , and I tried to use this garlic peeler to shuck cloves . It really did n't do anything , did n't matter how many cloves were in the ball at a time.The way these are supposed to work is that the rubber surface has enough friction to get the garlic peel to stick to it - you do have to roll it on a flat surface in order to crack the peel from the garlic . Unfortunately , because this peeler is round and a little too big , it ca n't generate enough friction to actually take off the peel . Perhaps this one is supposed to be used differently , but you ca n't figure that out from the instructions.Pros
 Though I have just been using this off & on for 3 days now , I am already un-impressed . I bought a tower fan because the regular floor fans are just so bulbous and get in the way so I do like the slimness of a tower fan better . I have used this for maybe a total of 10 hrs since I purchased it days ago and last night when I turned it on it was making this sound like one of the plastic blades had something on it or like something was loose inside . Though there are screws at the top the top or side to access the blades/inside do not come apart so there 's no way to see what 's going on . We never ended up being able to figure it out and now on and off the fan when on makes this mild rickety sound that 's really annoying to try & sleep to and the whole purpose for the fan was to cool the room off while we sleep . I assume this as w / the last fan will die in 6 months or less . Are n't there any non-obtrusively sized fans out there that cost under $ 50 that are n't pieces of crap ??????? &#60; br / &#62;
 OMG ! This is the crappiest fan I have ever had ! So I bought mine at Fry 's and after about 8 hrs of use it started to make this rickety rackety sound that was so annoying and loud I could n't keep it on while my hubby & I were sleeping -LRB- which was the whole point of us buying it because we get so warm at night -RRB- . Soleus makes the fan so it can not be taken apart enough to look inside so all we could do was shine a flashlight inside where it sounded like the noise was coming from and did n't see a darned thing . I had recycled the box the previous day of course so I could not return it to Fry 's due to their packaging policy so I contacted Soleus . They were helpful and set it up so FedEx would come by and pick up the fan -LRB- I had to come up w / my own packing for it which was n't each due to the fans shape/size -RRB- but I managed and then a week & a half later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I get a new one sent from Soleus . I knew that they did n't seriously look at the fan I sent back to see what was wrong with it nor test the new one they sent me , but I kept my hopes up and tested the fan out . Worked great for all of 8 min ! Then that same rickety sound came back ! Unbelievable piece of crap ! The funny thing is that they actually market this as a quiet fan ! I have had numerous fans in my life , none of which claim to be quiet and all of them were oh so much quieter then this one . Soleus products suck A ** and I would ever ever buy from them again . Luckily since they sent me a brand new one and I have the box I can now return this to Fry 's and get my darned $ $ back !
 OMG ! This is the crappiest fan I have ever had ! So I bought mine at Fry 's and after about 8 hrs of use it started to make this rickety rackety sound that was so annoying and loud I could n't keep it on while my hubby & I were sleeping -LRB- which was the whole point of us buying it because we get so warm at night -RRB- . Soleus makes the fan so it can not be taken apart enough to look inside so all we could do was shine a flashlight inside where it sounded like the noise was coming from and did n't see a darned thing . I had recycled the box the previous day of course so I could not return it to Fry 's due to their packaging policy so I contacted Soleus . They were helpful and set it up so FedEx would come by and pick up the fan -LRB- I had to come up w / my own packing for it which was n't each due to the fans shape/size -RRB- but I managed and then a week & a half later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I get a new one sent from Soleus . I knew that they did n't seriously look at the fan I sent back to see what was wrong with it nor test the new one they sent me , but I kept my hopes up and tested the fan out . Worked great for all of 8 min ! Then that same rickety sound came back ! Unbelievable piece of crap ! The funny thing is that they actually market this as a quiet fan ! I have had numerous fans in my life , none of which claim to be quiet and all of them were oh so much quieter then this one . Soleus products suck A ** and I would ever ever buy from them again . Luckily since they sent me a brand new one and I have the box I can now return this to Fry 's and get my darned $ $ back !
 OMG ! This is the crappiest fan I have ever had ! So I bought mine at Fry 's and after about 8 hrs of use it started to make this rickety rackety sound that was so annoying and loud I could n't keep it on while my hubby & I were sleeping -LRB- which was the whole point of us buying it because we get so warm at night -RRB- . Soleus makes the fan so it can not be taken apart enough to look inside so all we could do was shine a flashlight inside where it sounded like the noise was coming from and did n't see a darned thing . I had recycled the box the previous day of course so I could not return it to Fry 's due to their packaging policy so I contacted Soleus . They were helpful and set it up so FedEx would come by and pick up the fan -LRB- I had to come up w / my own packing for it which was n't each due to the fans shape/size -RRB- but I managed and then a week & a half later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I get a new one sent from Soleus . I knew that they did n't seriously look at the fan I sent back to see what was wrong with it nor test the new one they sent me , but I kept my hopes up and tested the fan out . Worked great for all of 8 min ! Then that same rickety sound came back ! Unbelievable piece of crap ! The funny thing is that they actually market this as a quiet fan ! I have had numerous fans in my life , none of which claim to be quiet and all of them were oh so much quieter then this one . Soleus products suck A ** and I would ever ever buy from them again . Luckily since they sent me a brand new one and I have the box I can now return this to Fry 's and get my darned $ $ back !
 poor workmanship , quality of 99 cents store . the lid gets stuck with the edge of plastic spout when you open it and does not close . you will have to push it down , really hard . bad design of the spout -- the oil drips after each usage .
 Oil seeps from the windows on the sides . Had to keepa towel under it to protect the surface where it wasplaced . I threw it out . Does not rate high enoughfor the 1 star I am obliged to give it for thisreview .
 This is a made in India , 18/8 stainless steel and not 18/10 as described . The lid does not close tightly and an irregular closing line seen . The weight is quite nice but far from the kind of quality seen in Calphalon products . Nice design but I wish the workmanship is finer .
 Terrible product . Oil seeped out around the after each use forming a puddle on the counter top . Tried a couple of fixes , but finally gave up on it and tossed it in the trash .
 The chair is very comfortable to sit in when reclined , but not so much when setting upright . The construction quality is sub par for this chair . The tabs that are used to keep the chair in a reclining position are difficult to move into `` locked . '' Even after you do get each of the tabs -LRB- one on each armrest -RRB- into locked they do not work well . Shifting your weight -LRB- even as little as lifting your head off of the pillow -RRB- will cause the chair to move upright . This could have easily been avoided by using a pin to lock the chair into position instead of relying on the friction based tabs . If this was n't frustrating enough the mesh has also began to tear in several places and I fear it wo n't belong before it fails altogether . This should not be happening after a month of frequent use . I am not rough on the chair and am only 160 lbs . so it should not be breaking . I am going to try to return it , but looking at Nasu Enterprises ' return policy they only except returns 10 days after you recieve it so I might be out of luck.Very dissapointed .
 My wife bought this chair for me and I was really looking forward to relaxing on our patio in it . The first time I sat in it I was very pleased with how comfortable it was . The second time I sat in it the rear legs buckled and I was dumped on my back on the concrete . The chair is supposedly rated for 300 lbs ; I 'm 6-2 and 250 lbs . If you 're a bigger guy and you buy this chair you better have an ice pack and a good chiropractor on stand-by .
 The candle itself is fine and smells great . It 's the description of the item on-line I have a problem with . It said it comes in three sizes
 This is just the right size for one martini but the cover does n't fit properly . You have to really push it down firmly or else it comes right off when shaking , but then it is hard to remove .
 what can i say ? you get what you pay for . i bought 4 of these things just to have a set of cold steel cups for juice in the morning . they have n't rusted , but they are n't at all sturdy . i would n't use them regularly for martinis . also note that the product is probably way smaller than you might think it is by looking at the picture .
 I bought 4 of these . Guess what ???? The tops are not interchangeable among the bottoms . God help you if you decide to mix a few drinks and do not keep the right tops associated with the right bottoms . The tops are either too tight -LRB- in which case you can not make them fit -RRB- or too loose -LRB- in which case they leak when shaking -RRB- . If you buy one , you are probably OK . But if you buy more than one you will regret it . Right now we have one that we can not take apart . So that leaves us three . And , of course , another one is too loose -LRB- it being the one that was mixed up with the now-stuck-forever one -RRB- . Total POS 's
 I loved loved loved these at first - they 're cool , they 're pretty , they store rolled up , and they make transferring veggies to the pot a snap . However , my opinion quickly changed . The sticky backing started rubbing off after a few weeks , and the boards do not stand up to use with a Chinese meat cleaver . Now , let me assure you that I was not overly rough with the boards . I always made sure that the backing was side down on the counter , I do n't even own a dishwasher , I wash them with Seventh Generation all natural soap , which is extremely mild , and I followed all their directions . There 's supposedly a guarantee , but I could n't find a way to get in touch with the company , so it did me no good . So alas , it 's back to old fashioned cutting boards for me ! I would only suggest buying these if you do n't cook a lot and only use them for light tasks like chopping vegetables .
 I purchased this set because I was sick of cleaning the typical wood cutting board built into the counter . What I wanted was something that would fit in a drawer , clean easily , and allow me to prepare ingredients without cross contamination.Upon first use , I noticed that both chopping and slicing at usual speed and force were out of the question . The plastic is flexible but easily chips when chopping with the force required to dice a russet potato , this is most evident as the bright colored pepper contrasts starkly with the insides of a potato . Although I only saw this once when cutting a wheel of cheese , slicking may also remove a thin curling bit of plastic which is simple to remove.After running through the dishwasher the third time , 2/4 have become too brittle to be of any use . Of the remaining two , both have creases from areas where the material did n't stand up to knives and the sheets tend to flex in these areas which means they probably host a family of nightmares.Since I like to avoid adding more stuff to the landfill than is necessary , I have used the green one for a template stencil , red for a lens filter , blue for a wind chime , and orange as a warming gel that goes around some five year old compact fluorescent lights which put out harsh light compared to the newer ones .
 Using a sharp knife , I have cut all the way through one of the boards and other boards have deep cuts in them . I would not recommend purchase of these cutting boards .
 The cutting boards are not silicone but have a thin layer of silicone sprayed over one side of another plastic that is not heat resistant . I placed a hot pan on one and it melted onto the bottom of the pan which took a great deal of effort to clean the melted plastic off so the pan could be used again . I prefer a thick cutting board so I bought these thinking that they were heat resistant so I would n't purchase them again .
 I 've seen good silicone sheets for cutting surfaces before , but these particular ones were brittle and fell apart from just a little usage -LRB- they cracked at the edges and tore -RRB- . I suggest trying a different brand .
 I loved these for about two months . After that , they bent and would no longer lay flat , and the nonskid bottom was worthless . It 's a good thing they were cheap because they were , well , cheap . I would recommend getting instead getting a good , solid cutting board and putting either a wet dishtowel under it or some of that nonskid shelf liner underneath . I also recently bought a real-size cutting board with nonskid `` feet '' on it that works great.Do yourself a favor and spend a little more money to get a quality item .
 Bought this last spring due to the great reviews . It lived up to the reviews with easy to make great tasting yogurt . Yesterday while making yogurt noticed some water on the counter top . Sure enough water was coming out of the electric cord area of the maker . Not a great place for water to be flowing from . There is a 1 inch hairline crack on the bottom inside of the maker . Though it 's a Canada company the maker is made in the current land of cheap plastic junk China . 1 year warranty . Made app . 20 - 25 batches so it turned out to be a total waste of money . The cost of the maker , milk , starter , gelatine , we could have bought a quality brand health food store yogurt for the same cost .
 It has taken making several batches to figure out just how to make this thing work without getting the mixture TOO HOT . I have found that leaving the top off and placing a dish towel over it works , at least for now . That may change with the seasonal changes since my house is cooler in the winter . It needs a thermostat ! I would not buy it again .
 As I was warming my milk I could n't figure out why it would n't heat above 120 ... causing me to slowly keep turning up the heat ... and scalding the milk ... . Finally AFTER I decided I was about to give up because the milk would n't get hot enough , I put my own personal meat thermometer in and it said 180 !! The thermometer is WRONG ! And no , I was n't looking at the celcius numbers , I was looking at the farenheit numbers . GR ! Will see how well the yogurt maker works .
 I wanted to love this . We eat a LOT of yogurt.I first purchased this :[ ... -RSB- And it worked AWESOME!One time.Then it died.I sent it back and got this one . And I have made four or five batches in this thing , first letting it cook for 4 hours , last night I let it cook for 8 - SAME consistency . RUNNY!I used their yogurt starter , I used powdered milk , I used gelatin , I used brand name yogurt for a starter.I have tried everything.The yogurt comes out like Kefir , which is great for smoothies , etc. but how do I make it firm up?Can anyone help ?
 I bought this because the SCD Diet recommended this brand . However , it gets too hot when you ferment the yogurt for 24 hours . My yogurt was 120 degrees and that 's killing beneficial bacteria . The yogurt should be between 100 - 110 degrees at the most . Had I known this ahead of time I would have never bought it.It might be okay for 4 hr fermented yogurt but save your money if you are looking at this based on a SCD diet recommendation .
 Sorry but this will not be a favorable review . This is my first time using Yogourmet electric yogurt maker . I 've tried it twice and so far have not come out with a satisfactory yogurt . Originally I bought a Salton -- used it faithfully for two years and then it died . So I thought I would try Yogourmet , but I 'm disappointed . I will give it another try just to be sure it 's not my mistake . The yogurt was too loose both times and I increased the time limit thinking that might be the problem . Did n't seem to make a difference , the increased time just made it more tart .
 Can only be used in an air conditioned room . Most homes here in the Virgin Islands are not air conditioned and the temperature here is always over 85 degrees
 So far , I have thrown out 4 batches of milk trying to make yogurt . Not very happy with this appliance .
 I have been using this product weekly since early summer and it has worked well . Unfortunately the last time I used it I noticed water had become trapped in the lower cavity where the wiring and heating element is located . I thought maybe I had over-filled it last time I had used it so took it apart and made sure everything was completely dry . I made another batch of yogurt and was very careful not to fill the water above the lower mark . When the yogurt was finished , water was once again in the heating element compartment . I am not comfortable using it anymore but now the warranty period is passed .
 The product is well constructed of good quality plastic and is simple but works well . The thermometer is too small to easily read -LRB- for an older person -RRB- . Unfortunately the heating element died in mine after one week of use . I 'm returning it and will update the review after the replacement arrives .
 Did not mention anywhere that the temperature of your home must be between 68-72 degrees for it to maintain the correct temp . There was a small insert that came with the machine . No use to someone living in warm climates unless you have a monster air conditioner . I cooked my bacteria trying to make yogurt . A thermostat would really help !
 The machine functioned alright the first couple of times . Now the internal temp regulation does not work and it heats up quickly and cooks the culturing milk turning it into a vinegary whey and hard , rubbery curds using the expensive ABC culture packets . Gets up to 140 .
 I used the unit once . I wo n't be using it again.You have no automatic control of temperature or cooking time and there is no on/off switch . There 's no built in temperature sensor . Without that , it 's impossible to keep the milk and starter at the right incubating temperature . You 'd do as well , or maybe even better , leaving the unit at room temperature and not plugging it in . Or using the low setting on a crock pot . At least you would n't ruin the yogurt because the crock overheated.It 's not well insulated . You have to be very carefully about handling or touching the unit for fear of getting burned . It can and does overheat in warm weather or in a warm room . The manufacturer recommends using it in a cool room to avoid overheating . This is a potential fire hazard in my opinion . You probably should not leave the house while its running , etc. for fear it would overheat or , heaven forbid , catch on fire . .
 I have owned my Yogourmet for one year and have only made a few batches with it . Tonight after finishing a batch , I measured the temperature of the yogurt . It was 120 degrees F . It is supposed to incubate at 100 degrees F.This is greatly detrimental to those who are on the SCD diet and need properly prepared yogurt .
 What kind of a joke is this , $ 357.87 for a yoghurt maker ! And the shipping weight is 256 pounds considering that the weight of the machine is a MERE 16 pounds ??? Who in their right mind would even think once about buying something like that !
 This is over-priced and the heat is too high . My wife has made yogurt for decades and thinks this Yogourmet2 quart yogurt maker is rediculous . She went back to a simple tried and true fool proof method of putting the starter in a small insulated cooler with a couple of heated rice bags and it makes the tastiest yogurt ever.So There . Got ta get our money back .
 The yogurt maker comes with a digital thermometer . However , when I opened the box , the thermometer was switched to the on position and the included battery was totally drained . That 's an unacceptable failure of QC.Still , the yogurt was tasty once I bought a new battery .
 I purchased this Yogourmet yogurt maker to give as a gift and at the same time I also purchased a Salton brand yogurt maker to kept for myself which is way cheaper and only paid $ 11.99 compared to Yogourmet that I paid $ 49.62 . When the yogourmet yogurt maker arrived the cheese bag was n't included in the box but a letter was enclosed instructing to order the cheese bag from the manufacturer in Canada . So , I sent an email the same day I received the yogurt maker hoping I can get the cheese bag on time before the day of the party which was last 2/6 and now it 's been 12 -LRB- 2/12/08 -RRB- days had passed still waiting for the cheese bag . Slow service from the manufacturer and I end up spending another item for gift instead of this Yogourmet yogurt maker . I would n't recommend this product aside from way too expensive the service from the manufacturer is very poor and unreliable ! I would recommend the Salton brand instead . The price is right and the yogurt is absolutely perfect , I used it 3 times already and do n't have any problem with it . The only thing that is missing in the Salton is the thermometer but it was n't a big deal since it can be purchased at Wallmart for less than $ 3.00 or on e-bay for a digital thermometer one somewhere around $ 10.00 ... Do n't waste your money on Yogourmet when you can make the same result with the other brand -LRB- Salton -RRB- with much cheaper price plus a good way to save more money . Do n't buy something -LRB- Yogourmet -RRB- especially if they do n't come with all the parts that is supposed to be included in the box . The buyers do not deserve to order the missing part especially if it was n't disclosed in the description of the items plus manufacturer is very slow in service . Amazon has nothing to do with this problem same as usual they are doing a fantastic job sending the products in a very timely manner .
 The device worked like a charm . I made perfect yogurt every week for about nine months . But , I found water running down the electrical cord when I dried it after making yogurt . I ignored it for quite a while -- until my husband said that it was dangerous to mix water and electricity . With a shake , we could hear water in the exterior base of the maker . I did not exceed the water level for the 2 quart processing , but water was overflowing or condensing during processing and leaking into the unit at the top lip where the lid rested . Since the exterior casing included the electrical wires , we had a problem . We tried to seal the rim , but that did n't work . We ended up discarding the device .
 Keeps the milk at too high a temp . Curdles every time . Better off just using non-electric means -LRB- blanket , oven pilot light , cooler -RRB- to insulate and keep the yogurt at incubating temp .
 I was so excited to get this batch yogurt maker . The first one lasted three batches and then quit heating . I ordered a replacement . The replacement overheated and ruined the first batch . Either I have really bad luck or this product sucks . I 've looked for a replacement batch yogurt maker and there are no other brands available . I do n't want to clean little jars . I want a batch yogurt maker . Does anyone have any suggestions ?
 Does what it says , materials are of nice quality , but nothing more than a just a warmth keeper . Does n`t have a timer , or temperature indicator , and we can not really make nice smooth yogurt with it , what came out was a kind of really powdery texture . I would n`t pay $ 50 dollars for it . Maybe $ 30 is a resonable price .
 This shaker is a piece of garbage . For starters , the shipper sends it to you in the retail box with no padding . If that does n't ensure that the shaker will be bent when it gets to you , you 'll wish that it was , because the shaker is worthless . The ` stainless ' steel is rusting after only 2 months , and the shaker top is infuriatingly impossible to remove , because it sits inside the 24 oz . resevoir . I 'm getting the high-rated Ultimo 24-ouncer and sending this one to the Chinese junk heap where it belongs . Better yet , back to the seller for a refund on the ` lifetime warranty ' .
 My old blender was n't doing the job anymore , so I thought that I would try this . It is very poor at chopping up ice , so you have to stop it several times in order to get the ice unstuck . When you finally have your smoothie made , you have to wait a few minutes to let it thaw , so that it will run through the spout . We had to use a ladle in order to get the smoothie out , since the top does not have a place to pour from . Then , it started to leak from the spout . I think that I will go back to the old blender .
 This item did n't hit the mark . It is so small I had to spend time trying to get it in the right place to protect myself and it was never handy nearby to do that . Maybe a handle loop would help . But I am not interested.I still have them , but do n't use them much .
 The product arrived damaged but was promptly replaced by the seller . The dish itself is not that great as it has a rim which makes getting the spoon out a hassle when u are eating soup . I would not have bought it if I had seen it in the stores .
 Looks like they reused an old box and just crammed the crocks in it with only a little cardboard for protection . No use for broken crock
 Two of the four pieces were broken . I would have ordered a replacement for the broken two until I realized they were made in China . Way too many lead issues with things made in China . Will not order ANYTHING made in China again .
 This product is heat resistant but too small to be used as a pot holder or trivet .
 We received this and found all the contents had a musty nasty taste . We where disappointed and discarded the item . I would not recommend .
 Warning to other shoppers -- this lunch box is VERY small ... no dimensions are given in the description , and I didn ; t think to ask . But it 's about 3 '' x 8 '' x 6 '' . Also , in the description it says that you will receive one of the two designs pictured . I did receive a `` bob the builder '' tin box , but a different design than shown.Despite the above disappointment , the lunch box is for a 3 year old after all , and he will love it . I 'm keeping it and giving it , but I can not recommend or trust this seller .
 very bad quality , not worth to buy it.it is not as good as the picture . Do n't buy it !!!
 I recieved a note from the post office saying that my package was available for '' '' '' `` Pick up '' '' '' '' and when i went only 2 days later the package was no longer there , note this was on the 27th of september it is october 7th and still no pitcher , AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST MY CREDIT CARD HAS BEEN CHARGE SO PLEASE RE DELIVER PFOR POSITIVE FEED BACK
 I am extremely disappointed with this set . The filling holes are entirely too small -LRB- approx . the size of a dime -RRB- . I will not be using them at all and will donate them to Habitat for Humanity so that perhaps someone can get some use out of the salt and pepper shakers .
 Two out of the set of four cracked on the side ... and I do n't know why ...
 I received it and it was defective . A split down the side . Unusable . Tried to reach amazon for an exchange and only got form letters and no help . I am stuck with it .
 After almost a year , it looked beat up and had spots on the outside . I think I would go for something glass or ceramic next time .
 After reading the reviews here and seeing that fabulous picture I ordered one of these . Unfortunately , when it arrived it did n't look like the picture or measure up to what people said about it in the reviews . First , the one I got does not have a brushed exterior . I has a very shiny exterior , which shows a considerable number of small surface imperfections , mostly small pits in the surface , but a few others as well . It 's going back to Amazon because it wo n't find any love in my kitchen.Note
 I have ordered many items with Amazon over the years and this is by far the WORST experience I have had . I was told that the item was being prepared for shipments and would ship June 30th thru July 2nd . It is now July 6th and I have not received an update . I also contacted Amazon customer service and have not received an update from them either . I do alot of online ordering and will try to order via Amazon whenever possible , I 'm going to rethink that now as I recommend you do also .
 They sent us instruction that were mis-printed so we had to look online to find proper instructions . Also it is not stable . Over the course of 6months it went from sturdy to wobbly and the back wall fell down and bottles would slip out . It 's been a year now , and the shelf is basically trash . Right now I 'm unscrewing everything to re-assemble it , but if my fears are correct , then the wood is so cheap that the screws ca n't get a firm grip and I will either have to be investing in wood-glue , or throw in the towel and hopefully find a working shelf that wo n't fall apart after only a few months !
 I was a bit surprised to see how small this humidor is compared to the size it 's advertised at . I was able to fit 60 cigars into this box . And not 60 churchills , but a combination of 60 cigars of all sizes . I contacted the seller and was told that the product is listed as 100 count by manufacturer . Hmmm ... Now , to the hydrometer . There is no way to adjust it . After I calibrated it by following the instructions , I came up with a reading of 95 being the ideal point . So now , even though the arrow points to 68 and 72 , I 'm making sure mine holds around 95 . As far as the actual humidifier , it worked well for the first couple of months . Then all of sudden a started getting what looked like a small amount of mold ! I only use distilled water , so I promptly chucked it and picked up another one.Pluses
 I 've never had any luck keeping humidity in this humidor . The hygrometer never has worked right either . It 's pretty , but I would n't recommend it for good smokes .
 After sending me 2 incorrect chocolate molds , and them failing to provide a customer service contact number , I had to report them to my credit card company . I received this mold long after my child 's 4th birthday party , so it was useless after the fact , but we made chocolate pops at another time . It was a disappointing and frustrating experience with this company !
 I thought this would be comparable to the other humidifiers I 've seen on the web . The humidifier came apart while I was looking at it and it wont go back together . You get what you pay for I guess .
 Well , within two weeks , mold grew in this humidifier -LRB- am using PG and Distilled water mix -RRB- , am not going to but it back in my humidor , waste of money
 Once again another junk product by cheaphumidors.com . no direction in package . am i supposed to fill it with distilled water or propylene glycol ?
 These mugs are `` NOT '' Corelle . They are Corelle Coordinates . They are heavy . Hope they wo n't break like the porcelain they are.I was very unhappy with the mugs .
 This product looks nothing like it did on line ! I paid way too much for what I got . The fish pieces fall off easily and when I wanted to hand it , it was simply impossible do to the awkward size of the lights . If you want to hang this light set hooks are required . I would not suggest this to some one like myself trying to hang it in a dorm room . I 'm not really sure who the target audience is for these fish lights , but they are not what I wanted .
 Bought this for my dad for his birthday . He took them out of the box to put on his 5th wheel right away . As he held them up they clinked together and one of the globes broke . What a disappointment . They are cute but not worth the money .
 I purchased 3 strings of these lights . I connected all 3 together to light up a county western theme Christmas tree . When first powered on the middle string did not light up . I removed each horse and noticed that every light on this string was black colored from the filament failure . I do n't want to chance replacing all of the bulbs and just have it happen again .
 I bought this console and mirror to make a set with the Cedar Chest and Magazine rack End Table . The mirror and table top were damaged in the first unit , so I sent it back . Amazon.com was great about the return and replacement.The second unit had damage on the mirror frame and table top . Because the damage to the mirror frame was at the top , I kept the unit , and called the manufacturer for a replacement of just the table top . Just like the Cedar chest , it was crushed on one corner.I just received the replacement top , and it was damaged too . This company needs to review their packing department and procedures . I would never recommend them , even though their product is well made and lovely . Right now , the Console has a damaged Mirror frame and a damaged Table top , and I 'm just so fed up I 'm going to live with it . The magazine rack arrived without incident and I 'm not going to ever order the Cedar Chest again . I 'm very unhappy .
 I was disappointed to find that the color of the set was much different from that shown in the display picture . It is indeed a very yellow gold color and not in the least the golden/taupe it appears online .
 Yup , as the previous reviewer stated -LRB- and I did n't check the reviews beforehand because this should 've been a no-brainer purchase -RRB- , they only send a single filter . Not cool , particularly as you can get two Honeywell prefilters for about $ 4 LESS from other vendors . Lame .
 This product is about as cheaply made as possible . It is made of particle board with laminate that came with tons of chips and dings in it . Several more resulted from assembly because it is so cheaply made . The locking clasps for assembly are so cheap they were defective . We had to use pliers to stretch them out so that they would lock properly . The backing is very cheap and looks cheap , with gaps and was hard to properly align . The inserts are flimsy plastic , so only very light shoes can be stored . The edges of the insert do n't touch around the frame . I placed the cubby in a closet so it is n't really seen and it functions fine . I would maybe pay 50-70 dollars for it but definitely not worth the $ 240 that the company charges !! It makes Ikea look like high quality it 's so poor .
 i was excited to get 300 tc sheets for such a good deal ... when i received them i realized why they were so cheap ... it 's because of the 40 % polyester . they do not feel like 300tc cotton sheets AT ALL ... i got 360tc cotton sheets from amazon for just a few dollars more and those are well worth it . these i would pass on .
 Only useful for cleaning up the mess that dogs make inside the house . Flimsy , tear easy . . As the other reviewer said , they will bleed color on to your other clothes in the wash.There 's a reason these things are on clearance . Horrible Quality . Do n't let the thread count fool you , these are GARBAGE .
 Most of the time I get a good deal shopping for bargains on Amazon , but this was n't one of those times . The sheets were mediocre quality . That would 've been fine had they fit properly , but they were exceptionally baggy and the elastic was weak . Waste of my money .
 If you just want rather low-end sheets , then you might as well buy them for a similar price from a local discounter such as Walmart etc. . The reason many of us buy sheets from Amazon is to get a high-end product at a reasonable/attractive price . If that describes you , these sheets are NOT for you . With all that polyester thrown in , these sheets are really no different from cheap 200TC sheets you might have seen at your local discounter . If you do still order these , rest assured that you are ordering from a store with one of the best customer service around .
 Upon using it the very first time , the plastic lever that works the suction cup broke . This made it quite challenging to turn the crank and hold it still at the same time .
 It seamed like a good deal , I have used the Victorio many times and decided to buy this one after reading the reviews , first time using it , the handle where it connects broke , right in the middle of putting through the apples .
 This machine I think would work great for juices , however for even tomato sauce or salsa FORGET it . Even with the Salsa screen it only lets out juices with seeds . Even scraping off the screen with my finger , the amount of pulp that it lets through is not even enough for the tomato sauce I like . It also wastes a fair amount of your tomato 's . My neighbor has one and tried to drill out a screen to 5/16 '' holes , but then it lets peeling 's through .
 I took all the parts out put it together and everything was just as pictured . Then I proceeded to put strawberries through so I could make seedless jam . It worked for about 10 mins then stopped turning . I figured it might be clogged so I washed it all out and tried again ... still no turning . Ca n't figure out what went wrong , but looks like it broke somewhere . Frustrating !!!! Very disappointed in it !
 Disappointed with this rather frail machine . It ca n't handle apples unless they are cooked to mush . The teflon washer bearing keeps getting entrained with the product .
 I have used this Roma Vegetable Strainer for making apple sauce twice . Previously I have used the Victorio strainer -LRB- very nice and sturdy , but no longer available -RRB- and Back to Basics -LRB- stronger than the Roma in my opinion , but not as good as the Victorio - it had a lot of parts to lose and was not rust resistant -RRB- . The Roma is easy to put together and seems to be rust resistant , but is weak , flimsy , unstable , and does n't hold on my counter well with either the suction or the clamp.Things I like about the Roma Strainer : * Pieces attach easily without nuts and bolts * Seem to be rust resistant -LRB- The Back-to-Basics strainer that I bought 15 years ago had some parts that would rust -RRB- * Plastic cone that takes the waste -LRB- seeds , core and skin -RRB- away is farther from the sauce dispenser , making it easier to have various shapes of bowls.Things I dislike about the Roma Strainer : * The suction cup does not hold on my smooth quartz counter-top . Nice try , but it does n't work . * I have a bull-nose -LRB- rounded edge -RRB- to my counter-top so the clasp does n't work very well either - it is n't long enough to reach around the bull-nose . So , it starts wiggling fairly quickly and is n't very stable , with no way to attach it more firmly . * The handle is much harder to turn than the old Victorio -LRB- purchased 30 years ago -RRB- or Back-to-basics -LRB- purchased 16 years ago -RRB- strainers I have previously used . As I turn the handle , the vertical support seems to wobble or bend a bit , as though it is n't very strong . * The handle seems a bit flimsy . * Turning the handle is stiffer with more resistance than with the other strainers I have used before . -LRB- You tire more quickly . * I have to run the waste product through 2 x as there is a lot of good applesauce that goes out with it.The materials and workmanship are poorer quality . Some of the features -LRB- fewer parts to get lost -RRB- are nicer . Overall , though , my experience is that it is not nearly as good or as easy to use as the other strainers I have used in the past .
 Instructions and hints and tips should be included . Make sure you core large tomatoes . Forget raw tomatoes , you need to heat or cook the tomatoes to get any sort of smooth results , especially with large meaty Roma tomatoes . Will be looking for a better method . Know they sell a lot of units probably because nothing else better is offered .
 I thought this was the answer to my home canning of tomato sauce , but all it did was make juice . I was very disappointed . The quality is typical Chinese junk . Do n't get it !
 I bought this air mattress for various usage . I liked the idea of a raised air mattress . Unfortunately there are two things that make this air mattress a bad one . The first is the built in `` pillow '' . It 's simply uncomfortable and unusable . Put your head on your pillow and look at the shape . It 's like a valley between two hills . With this air mattress , the built in pillow is inflated to the max and is not soft but very firm . If you add your own pillow then your head is too high compared to the rest of the body . You 'll wake up with neck pain.The second thing is that the rest of this air mattress is made of canals or straight `` tubes '' . Remember that the mattress will be inflated until it 's firm . If it 's not firm then there is no support . I had to add a 2 inch memory foam topper to make it a little bit more comfortable but I can still feel the `` canals '' . Definitely not something I will recommend to anyone .
 When I saw this I thought it would be great to get those Christmas cookies off the tray quickly . It is soooo heavy I ca n't use it . I have offered it to my baking friends but as soon as the pick it up they do n't want it . The blade could be so much thinner . Great idea , bad construction .
 I wish it would have been thinner , the bottom is too thick to get under cookies , OK for cheesecakes .
 I recently bought Label Lift to save labels off some wine bottles I had been saving . I decided to test the product on a label that I did not care about and I am glad I did . I followed the directions and even let the bottle sit for upwards of 30 minutes with the label lift applied . When I removed the label half of the label came off and the other half was still on the bottle . I will not be using this product to remove labels anymore .
 I bought these as a cheaper , bulk alternative to the `` Label-Off '' product I was given as a gift several years ago and was disappointed to find they DO NOT stick the same on any bottle . Although these feel a `` mil '' -LRB- mil = millimeter / 0.0254 -RRB- or two thicker than `` Label Off '' brand labels , the `` Label Lift '' label removers do not have the stickiness to split the wine label artwork from the bottle in my experience -LRB- sorry , Oenophilia -RRB- . BTW , do n't use a wooden spoon - it 'll leave streak marks in the label IFF you get it to come off -LRB- instead , I use a stainless spoon or stainless ice cream scooper - gets HOT when rubbing -RRB- . Here 's an instructional vid I found
 First , this product only works on paper labels , so keep that in mind . Secondly , the label off needs to sit on the bottle for numerous days , and it is a very delicate procedure to remove the labels without tearing . The approach I found to work the best is to download the wine label from the winery website .
 Temperamental to say the least ! I tried this product on many different types of labels and it only works on a few and inconsistently at that . Rather disappointed , I will go back to soaking my labels off .
 The adhesive works on some labels but does n't work well on any labels that have foil or metallic in them .
 I was so excited about the prospect of saving my labels . This product does not work . I have tried numerous times on different wine bottles and have had absolutely no success . Save your money and soak your bottles in water .
 These seem to have a really hard time staying stuck to the tub , and do n't seem to provide much grip . Not too inpressed so far ...
 This is a generic product . The product description is deceptive . The Amazon and Honeywell lawyers should go after these guys .
 I purchased the following TWO paper towel holders.Polder KTH-6066-87 Single Tear Paper Towel Holder , Brushed Stainless Steeland the heavierSimpleHuman Quick LoadI thought the heavier one would work better -LRB- SimpleHuman -RRB- . It did NOT because the shaft/column has a SMALLER diameter than the paper towel cardboard.Thus a quick pull down causes the towels to spend.The Polder model has a wider shaft/column diameter.The towel still turns easy enough but when you yank on the towel , it is tight enough NOT to spin freely.Bottom Line is that I have BOTH.The SimpleHuman sells for less than the Polder.Note that I have this same review for the Polder.If you have paper towels that have a much smaller diameter , then the SimpleHuman will be the way to go.My tests were done using Scott brand.UPDATE : If you jam a small piece of paper towel into the tube of the cardboard , this will help reduce the free wheeling of the paper towels . This makes it a lot easier to slowly tear a sheet off instead of using Kung Fu or Karate to get a single sheet.Bottom LIne is if you already have this item , you can get it working like the Polder by placing a piece of paper towel between the column of the holder and the inside of the cardboard hole . Sorry for giving my honest review to all of you young people that love this .
 After only three months , the non-slip material on the base of simplehuman KT1021 Quick Load Paper Towel Holder that I purchased has disintegrated . The disintegrating material stuck to my granite countertop and was difficult to remove . I purchased this paper towel holder based on it 's excellent reviews and the reputation of other simplehuman products , and am very disappointed .
 I guess i 'm not a home mom type , but i 've tried to be . But i bought this and when i try to do it , i have to use alot of strength in order to get the onion through . And i got hurt by doing it . i do n't like it and only used it once .
 I ordered this product thinking it was a Vidalia Chop Wizard , it is n't . It is a Progressive Chopper with an extra blade . They do pack it in a Vidalia Box but the Chopper itself has Progressive imprinted on it . I wonder if the box chops better than the chopper ? You are paying $ 8.00 extra for a blade . Read the comments on the Progressive chopper quite a few people unhappy . When you read the comments on the Vidalia Chopper Wizard at national Express it appears the Vidalia is a lot better product than the Progressive . I contacted `` As Seen on TV '' , and they said they have permission to do this . I should have ordered from National Express and gotten the REAL DEAL !!!!!
 I was given this chopper as a gift . I found it incredibly handy , however , after only using it a few times the plastic piece on the side of the contianed that the lid attaches to broke off and now I cant use it . I ca n't find a customer service or help option for letting the inventor know and I am dissapointed it did not last long at all . I even was very careful to soend the time cutting onions and things into a little bit smaller pieces , not chopping them whole . Do n't waste your money .
 As many others have stated , the hinges are a weakness with this item . Mine broke within 2 weeks , while chopping quartered onions.My wife tried to contact the manufacturer for a replacement -LRB- we got this as a gift -RRB- , but their website offers no details about returns/replacements , warranty , etc. .
 Hmm , for the time it takes to get this out of the cupboard and considering the cleanup , it 's kind of a waste . I mean , it will chop an onion , IF you quarter it first , but otherwise I have not found much else it will work on , without getting teeny little pieces stuck in the squares . I tried it for celery
 What a horror this has been ! I received my FIRST mirror , and the brass piece was snapped in half on the bottom . The company said to disassemble it and repack it and UPS would pick it up and they would then send a new one . And so yes another week later mirror number TWO arrived , and the glass was cracked on that one . Now the company said they 'd send number THREE . Me being the ever so patient person said , `` These things can happen , third time is a charm '' ! Well , number three came yet another week , or so later , and this one the wood dowels are so warped that the wo n't keep the mirror base together . Now if I had all THREE mirrors , perhaps I could put them all together and get one decent mirror . I will NEVER deal with this company again !!!!! Disgusted on Long Island
 I placed my order with Amazon -LRB- FurnitureBuzz is the actual seller -RRB- for this item on December 10th expecting it to arrive as advertised before Christmas . It is now January 3rd and I just today received a cancellation notice from Amazon ! I tried contacting FurnitureBuzz directly on December 31st , but they never returned my email.Amazon still lists the item as ` Usually ships in 6 to 10 days ' but you will probably be lucky to hear anything from FurnitureBuzz . I am sure it is a nice mirror , but I would look to buy from a more reliable seller .
 Lack of dimensional information in listing make difficult to know if this design will fit in close quarters of flip down door . Standard tray is also available from same vendor which has lower front wall , allowing for tighter space .
 I was very excited to get this since I cut the crust off sandwiches and then cut into 4 pieces at least twice a day for my kids . Was not impressed though - you need to really press down hard to get it to cut an untoasted sandwich and then you need to help pull the crust off . Was not the time saver I expected .
 The product arrived safe and sound , and definitely was a good value for what it was . Like the other reviewer , however , I am skeptical about whether this is actually T-Fal . -LRB- It is not prominently marked , nor as sturdily made , as is the case with my large collection of authentic , out-of-the box , T-Fal cookware . -RRB- The glass cover was my only reason for purchasing this , and was worth the price alone , though I really did n't need the steam hole -LRB- which my T-Fal cookware covers do not have -RRB- . The way the pan itself is riveted together , and lack of T-Fal 's exclusive even-heating surface , make me question if it is actually T-Fal , but from my p.o.v. the cost was worth it for a new , replacement , glass cover -LRB- which I was unable to find by itself -RRB- . In sum , the seller was ok , but this product does not appear genuine -LRB- or top-shelf , if it is -RRB- . I guess ... `` you get what you pay for '' .
 After receiving the wrong item twice , 12 '' Mirro covered frypans , the third replacement was a 10 '' frypan but not a T-fal pan as the description indicated . They did send UPS to pick up the two incorrect items and I donated the other ... a not T-fal ... not a heavyweight pan to Goodwill . I have bookmarked this dealer as a no-go for future orders .
 I really spected more from this pan . All the food that I cook in it gets either burn or sticks . I had to buy another one in a store .
 The rug is nice and very plush for a bathroom rug . The only problem is that you need to put down a mat to prevent it from moving around . I like the rich look of it and it matched the shower curtian and towel from the same company .
 I have been waiting since November 15th -- was to be delivered before December 1st . This is the 12th of December and still have not heard from the seller . The seller E-Mail address does not work !!!! No contact what so ever from the seller .
 This 8-inch fan produces 75 % the airflow and 200 % of the noise of a standard 12-inch fan . The control nob is poorly located behind and on top of the motor
 This fan is awful ! I have one and ca n't stand it . It gets dirty , then blows dirty air and it is very noisy . What I hate most about it is that it does not circulate the cool air . It just blows the air , which does n't do anything to get cooler .
 I bought two of these fans 3 months ago and both are already starting fail . While they may be noisy to begin with , they 're both already out of balance and vibrate for about 2 minutes before they settle down . They are beyond loud while this occurs and I suspect that I will only have to replace them as it gets worse as each day passes . The HT800 is cheaply made and is too loud to use while you sleep . Avoid this fan .
 This little guy makes a lot of noise . Blows a lot of air but just not for me .
 This fan is extremely loud even at that lowest setting . Not good if you are trying to use this in the bedroom ... I would not recommend this and am returning it today .
 Unfortunately you have to rate the items because this one does n't deserve a half a star , much less one ! I agree completely with `` Crespin Pin Pin '' -LRB- he he -RRB- . Not really ! He hit the nail exactly in the head ! This item is a waste of money . If you see it at the store and you get tempted to buy if first plug it in an outlet before you have to have to make another trip to return it . By the way Crespin , I love your ID ... he he he
 This fan is built really cheaply . It will last you 2 years at most . We have two of them . We use them at night for white noise . The fan motor fails in a short amount of time.The warranty is worthless because it is cheaper to buy another fan than it is to send it in for a warranty claim.The bottom line is you get what you pay for .
 I purchased one of these fans over the summer . It 's incredibly loud , but I could handle that . Unfortunately , it completely died after a little over a month of use - would n't even turn on . I 'll definitely be looking for another brand next summer .
 After a week the side bracket screws stripped out and fan will blow air towards ceiling when turned on . I like the power it has as well as the size & its quiet motor , but having to prop it up over and over gets very old very quick !! -LRB- Please note that it was n't moved a lot when the screws messed up and you ca n't keep them tightened either . -RRB-
 In the highest setting this fan feels week . DO N'T BUY IT ! is not worth the price and in the hot summers wo n't do anything for anyone but waste electricity . Not that $ 15.00 dollars is a lot , but you might as well give it to charity and do something good instead if you want to just drop fifteen dollars in the trash .
