 I bought this expecting to be disappointed . My lab is terrified of thunderstorms and walks around barking loudly . With 4th of July coming up , I thought I would give this a try . The one thing I would recommend is to give it to your dog at the first hint of an upcoming storm or fireworks , etc. . It takes a little while to kick in , but actually seems to calm her down quite a bit . We are in the middle of the summer in Orlando , and you can pretty much expect at least a thunderstorm a day . She is halfway through the bottle , and I will buy again .
 I give my 80 pound , 13 year old lab mix a dose of these at the first sign of fireworks around the 4th or thunderstorms and she seems to feel much better . She will still pace , but wo n't scratch down doors or cry incessantly . Sometimes she 's even calm enough to lay down and relax -- something I never thought I would see her do during those times . There does not seem to be any side effects .
 I have a dog with horrible separation anxiety problems . Well , my husband went on a 3 week trip , just as I went back to work . Even though she had another dog and two cats for company , she went nuts in the house . She 'd discovered how to open the sliding door to the deck , went out and ripped the lattice to pieces -LRB- that was on day 2 -RRB- . I needed to do something ... I found this product , and read all the reviews , and thought `` what do I have to loose ? '' . Let me tell you - IT WORKS !!!! I gave her one in the morning , before I left for work . No damage in the house , and no barking all day -LRB- she was driving the neighbours crazy -RRB- ! I can not say enough good things about this product . I keep it on hand at all times now .
 This product is very calming for our dog . The 60 count bottle is a much better buy -- Amazon should carry it .
 My dog has a fear of trucks , which has generalized into a fear of walking down the road and of riding in the car . This product lessens her anxiety enough for me to get her attention to give her treats and train her . Before , she was far too scared , shaking , and refused food/treats . She did n't have an all-out panic attack , so I 'd classify her as moderate anxiety . Now she 's okay , and we 're finally making progress with her fear . It does n't remove the anxiety totally , but it is noticeably better and fading as we can train and desensitize.It does n't make her tired or lethargic like a sedative , just less anxious . I give her 3 tabs -LRB- she 's 105 pounds -RRB- 30 minutes to an hour before we work.The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is the taste that my dog is n't so fond of . The pills are crumbly and break easily to mix with a little wet food , so that 's how we do it .
 When we first adopted our 3rd cocker spaniel , he was a little nervous being in a new home . After giving him these calming pills , he had less anxieties .
 Works as claimed . It calms my dog best when given prior , but still helps calm him even after the incident
 I love my puppy Rosie very much , but sometimes she is so hyper that I can not even read or watch television . I purchased this product not really knowing what to expect . After 30 minutes , she was much calmer . Do n't get me wrong , she is STILL a puppy and is still very active but she is more self-entertained and more likely to spend some quality time with a nice bone than tearing up curtains or digging up plants . I have read many reviews of these products , and they are both safe and effective .
 We 've used this product for several years and found it to be effective . We would prefer the metal tube shown in the picture to the plastic tube . The metal tube can be completely emptied .
 My 11 year old cat has been using Laxatone for most of his life . It gently sends those testy hairballs down and out ... I introduced my son and neighbor to this product and they use it on their kitties with great success .
 Just going through and noticed I never reviewed this product . It works great and has worked for three years now . I have an outside dog that refuses to come inside even when its cold . I have a hard time getting her to even go into a dog house ever since she was fixed at the vet and had to stay overnight . This under a thin bottomed dog bed keeps her warm on all but the coldest nights . I made her stay in when it got down in the teens this year but anything above 25ish and she is very warm all night when I check on her -LRB- though I still feel terrible that she wo n't come in -RRB-
 It is just great but could use one small improvement
 The dog likes it , and it 's easy to clean . I parked it on the heating pad near a heater vent , so everyone 's happy .
 We purchased this to cover a pad we have had for some time . It fits the bill and easy to wash.I recommend this
 I did not have a problem with rust . The bowls are stainless steel . We have had these bowls for almost two years and have not had a problem
 I bought this control along with aK & H ; Lectro Soft Outdoor Bed , Large . I was afraid that the bed was designed for much colder weather and would be too warm for my cats to comfortably sleep on . It turns out that the thermostatic control built into the bed works very well - the bed has maintained a perfect temperature for my cats , day and night.If you 're considering buying this control , do yourself a favor and give the bed a try for a week without it . If your pet frequently moves on/off the bed , then you could consider buying it - but most likely you 'll discover the bed works perfectly without it .
 The service guy wanted $ 45 for the same thing . Works as well as the old one that the tenants took with them .
 I bought it for my new born puppies and it worked great with keeping them warm . I was able to keep them warm but also keep the pad from getting too hot . Without this the pad would have been too hot for a new bprn puppy . Overall great product for what I needed it for.Thanks
 We got this for our dog that is outside . It works perfect to control heat to our dogs bd inside the dog box .
 Timely and it works great ! I love being able to turn the temp up and down . Will get another soon .
 works , its good . I ca n't believe they require a minimum amount of words . Crazy . They want an opinion and then ask for so many words . What are they nuts !
 First off I love the fact that it can be diluted so it lasts longer . I used it according to directions -LRB- 1 part solution to 5 part water -RRB- and it produced really soapy water . You mop and then let it sit for 30 min and then re-mop with water . I let the solution sit until it dried and then used steaming hot water to mop it up . I did not have to use the Anti-Icky poo afterwords and only had to mop the one time . It does take a couple wet mops to get the suds up but it was totally worth it . I bought this because anti-icky was not working by itself . A few hours after cleaning I applied Feliway spray to the spots the kitty was peeing and spraying and he has not peed or sprayed again . I also used this solution on my upholstery and it worked well . If you have a kitty that is peeing or spraying ALWAYS take it to the vet first . In my case the kitty had kidney stones and a bladder infection and was associating the litter-box with pain and trying to find a more comfortable place to relieve himself . If kitty has soiled clothes , wash them with detergent and Borax in HOT water and the stain/smell will come out .
 I 've been using P Bath before applying Anti Icky Poo with great results . It can be diluted so you get more bang for your buck .
 My un-nuttered cat wet several times on my new couch , I tried several products , this line really made a difference . I had plently left to share with friends , they liked it too !
 TILE FLOORS PART 1 -LRB- see Icky poo for TILE FLOORS PART 2 -RRB- I am impressed with this P-BATH cleaner -LRB- 5 star rating -RRB- . I thought it was a pre-treater but it seems to be a cleaner . I am cleaning a rental that seems to have had nervous kitty problem in the past -LRB- p-accidents in certain areas -RRB- . This P-Bath cleaner has cleaning suds that really clean hard surfaces well , also gets sticky spills up fast PLUS it smells good - it is a soft smell that does n't overwhelm.TYPE OF FLOOR I CLEANED
 After months and months of trying to find a solution to our horrible problem this did the trick!We preteated our carpeting with this . The area was huge and I ended up using more than half the bottle . Let it dry overnight and then used the MisterMax treatment . I ca n't believe it actually took ALL of the smell out for good . Finally we found a solution to our puppy 's accidents.I will be using MisterMax exclusively from now on . It 's worth buying the whole gallon for the first application , though if you only use Mistermax you wo n't need this pre-treater again .
 Looks great , a perfect gift for a Yankee fan 's dog , especially down south . Fits large dog well . Even the blue looks good on female dog .
 This fits our 30 pound dog but it is slightly oversized on her so I would say that it would also fit a much larger dog . It did not fade when I washed it in cold water which is good because I expect to be using it frequently starting on opening day !!!
 Excellent product and service ! The bandana is excellent quality and looks fantastic on our dog !
 I must say , I 'm very happy with this product ... I got it because the old water bowl that I was using was freezing solid every night ... Since I replaced it with this bucket , I have not had a single issue to date ... I 'm very happy with the quality of this heated bucket - the handle is sturdy , and the bucket is very effective . I was concerned that the water might get warm/hot , but it actually remains cold but never freezes ... I actually would not be able to tell that it 's doing anything with the exception that the water no longer freezes .
 We have tried several heated buckets to water our animals in winter . This is the best one yet.API 9 Quart Heated Bucket 9HB
 This was a gift for a `` DOG '' who lives in very cold winters . It works vell and the dog always has water to drink , no matter how cold it gets at night or during the day .
 This bucket has been worth every penny ! It has kept the water from freezing all the way down to -4 and me and my chickens could n't be more happy ! I had bought a similar green bucket by a different company and it the water would freeze when the temps were in the mid twenties . The grounded cord and great performance make this well worth the money !
 Had this a year now and it still works just like the day I got it . Keeps my dogs water available to drink no matter how cold it is . Cleans easily . Just wish cord could be a little longer .
 Our 9-year-old American Pitbull was diagnosed with cancer -LRB- a type of hemangiosarcoma -RRB- June 2011 with a prognosis of about 1 month . His vet recommended CAS Options for immune system support and Yunnan Baiyao for his blood . After reading about this type of cancer and dietary recommendations , we also changed to a grain-free , slightly higher protein kibble.He is still here and doing reasonably well almost one year later . I totally believe the combination of CAS Options , Yunnan Baiyo , and the grain-free food has everything to do with his quality of life for an extra 10-going-on-11 months .
 My 10-yr old Schipperke was diagnosed with cancer 5 yrs ago with only 6 mos to live . She has been on a homeopathic and Chinese herb regimen since then and is cancer free . She receives the immune & antioxidant support tabs daily . Seller provided product as described and on time .
 When your cat is sick or recovering from an event , it is critical that your cat get adequate nourishment if it is unable or unwilling to eat . This product may be the only thing your cat will consume during those times and the ingredients are sufficient to nourish the body until the cat recovers . The thing is , most people do n't keep stock of this around their house all the time . It is something that is seldom needed and usually in an emergency . You can not afford to wait 4 days for this to arrive from mail order . You are better off trying to find it locally , although very few establishments carry it .
 I bought it for my smaller dog to play with , but that SO did not work out . Too big for her , but I should have known that . I gave it to my sister 's dog , who loved to listen to Snoop `` Bow wow wow , yipee yo , yipee yay ! ''
 This toy lasted a long time . My dog slept with it , carried it around . Eventually I washed it and was shocked that within 2 days of drying , the toy started rapping again . Bunny -LRB- my boxer -RRB- finally wore the batteries out of the toy after about 8 months , but it otherwise held up pretty well . Time for a replacement I think ...
 My dogs love their toy radio . they play for hours a day with it . I wish it wash a little more durable though because the fabic ripped a few times . But I sewed it back up .
 Our small dog loves this toy . Or , maybe he hates it . I ca n't tell because he goes nuts when I let him play with it . He wears himself out throwing it , chasing it , and activating Mr. Dogg . I ca n't tell if he 's trying to rip Snoop out of it , or whether he ca n't get enough of him.As many times as I 've heard `` Bow wow wow , yippee yo , yippee yay , '' it is not annoying . I do n't know how long this toy will last , but it does n't matter . I am absolutely amazed and thoroughly entertained watching our dog play with this thing . It does seem that supervision is important , since a dog might eventually shred this and eat the chip . So , I limit play and watch while the dog gets a great workout , and I get a really entertaining show.Update . Snoop no longer with us.On the day it was reported that the Australia 's Minister of Immigration canceled Snoop 's visa , I discovered that our dog had also canceled Mr. Dogg . The exterior of this toy has held up perfectly , but the interior Snoop has been reduced to a rattling , yet otherwise silent , artifact . Still , 5 stars for a great performance while it lasted .
 It fits on the cage well and comes off easily . I would recommend to a friend . Easy to clean also .
 The only dish youll need for your critters.Holds on to many different kinds of fence .
 My labrador loves these . He chewed up the `` wire '' part , but he loves the rope and the squeaker . This is n't for dogs that destroy toys , but dogs that like ropes will like it .
 Purina Pro Plan Beef , Carrots & Rice Entr&eacute;e in Gravy opens with a fragrant spicy beef bouquet with notes of ripe carrots and fluffy brown rice . On the palate , the texture is full bodied , viscous and balanced . The flavor profile is a hearty beef blend with notes of fish that lilts gently across the tongue . The meaty tidbits are packed in a generous amount of delicious lip smacking gravy . The taste lingers for quite some time -LRB- i.e. I can re-taste it when I burp - I like that in a food -RRB- . Whether your taste buds prefer beef bourguignon or fresh mouse , this offering will be perfect for you . I suggest you pair it with bowl of tap water and perhaps a mouthful of crunchy kibble.Enjoy - Steve The Cat , , , ^ . . ^ , , , ~
 My male orange tabby was having digestive issues and my daughter recommended Pro Plan . Max adjusted to his new diet with no problems and seems to be doing better . At first I wondered about ordering such an item but the shipments have arrived quickly -LRB- I 've not run out -RRB- and because I have Prime there are no shipping charges to deal with .
 I 've been feeding my feline Pro Plan for most of his life . This is his favorite flavor to the point where he will &#34; dumpster dive &#34; to find the old cans .
 Very heavy and does not tip over . Cat took to it right away and can really get a good workout vs. those cheap-o models at Sprawl Mart . Hopefully the manufacturer considers selling replacement poles as the base will outlast many a cat .
 A few years ago I bought 3 extra-tall -LRB- 3 feet -RRB- scratch posts for our cats around the house -- they absolutely loved the overly tall scratch posts compared to the crappy ones -LRB- and ultra-expensive ones -RRB- you see at PetSmart.One of the biggest complaints I have with scratch posts is that they do n't seem to be made by cat owners ... they are either rickety and cheap and * short * -LRB- so no cat will really ever enjoy them -RRB- or they are really stable and tall and have tiny bases , or even rectangular bases so any cat walking up to it and scratching on it will pull it over on it 's side -- it 's unbelievable how poorly made some cat toys are.Anyway , after a lot of research and looking at possibly spending $ 130 for a `` Mondo '' scratch post for the cats , we found this one and put in an order.I will say that the shipping took forever ... I think it actually took 2 weeks to get to us -LRB- in Arizona -RRB- and I was getting pretty hot under the collar about that , but after opening the box and feeling just how heavy this thing is , hand made , high quality and sturdy it was -- all was forgiven.I 'm actually writing this as I place an order for another one.It 's been a huge hit with our cats , it 's a hair shorter than the really tall ones we had , but it makes up for it in spades with just how sturdy and well built it is.There 's really no decision to be made here , just get it ... it 's awesome . Do n't waste your time with those plastic ones from PetSmart .
 This scratching post is very heavy and sturdy . I have an 18 lb . male and he ca n't tip it over . This is the first scratching post I 've had that he can really use .
 I have a 10 lb . kitty who just loves to run and jump onto this post and hang there . Or she likes to climb up it and get on top . It does not budge !! If you want a post that is SUPER sturdy , this is the post for you ! And the sisal rope is a big draw for the scratching .
 Very well made product ! Solid construction and not at all wobbly , even when used by a , um , full-figured kitty.For the first few weeks I was afraid I 'd have to give it to friends since our old and rather set in her ways cat was n't showing any interest in it . However , in the past few days she 's come around and now uses it more than the cardboard scratchers she 'd been used to .
 My cat likes it , so that means I like it . It 's STURDY ! It will never tip over - my cat is upwards of 15 pounds now , and loves to climb it like a tree and balance on the top - it holds him no problem . I love that the bottom of this post is carpeted , and so does the cat , who loves to lie and on his side and `` kill '' his scratching posts with his back feet , which is n't possible on other kinds . If I could change anything , I might put rubber feet on the bottom so it does n't slide around , but since it 's placed against a wall , that does n't seem to be much of a problem . It did take a bit longer than normal purchases from Amazon , but well within the slated time , and I chalk part of that up to the size and bulk of the box . It 's a great investment !
 My cats love this post . It is very sturdy and will not tip over .
 Nice and heavy cat scratcher . None of my cats will use the top of it , but two of them use the bottom . I still have hope that they will use the whole Scrather , but I am please with my purschase . Thanks
 I was told ahead of time that it would take 5 days to process the order . I received an email that the product was shipped and it arrived way ahead of the scheduled time.The tall cat scratching pole is very well made and will last a long time . It was the only tall cat scratcher I found in my search . My cat took to it immediately .
 This device does not nudge at all as my cat plays with it . Did not even need to encourage her to use it . My cat now ` shows off ' to me when I walk into the room by scratching this post . It 's so cute when she is trying to show me her ` moves ' .
 I did n't know what this was , so when I got it I was surprised that it was n't what I assumed it was , but my cat was n't surprised . He really likes it !
 Very durable and well made . Best product of this type I 've found . Will buy again .
 I bought this to replace an old scratching post that had seen better days , and opted to `` upgrade '' to one with a perch on top . I liked the fact that I did n't have to assemble anything , and I enjoyed the fact that upon opening the box it had a `` freshly made '' smell , which indicated to me that it had not been sitting in a warehouse collecting dust and was made specifically for me.My cats took a few days to warm up to it , but now they enjoy the post with a lot of enthusiasm . My oldest discovered that the bed height was just right for him to command attention and demand petting whenever he wants it ; it 's the perfect perch right at hand-level . I think he actually refuses to share it with the other two . He 's a little on the larger side and has been known to knock down posts and break homemade towers , just from the force he puts on things when he gets excited . This tower has not even budged when all three are going after it , but is not too heavy to move . It is structurally sound and very sturdy.I love this post just as much as my cats do !
 I have several birds 4 Paraketts and one Amazon . And they are crazy about these Dri Greens . They prefer them above their seeds and they always clamor for more . The dilemma comes in when I open the package to dole out the greens . I always find a fine cloud of dust which unless you put on a mask . You can not avoid . This causes a strong fit of sneezing and coughing among us . So I would advise any one who uses this product if they have a weak respitory system , sinus or allegies . To think carefully before using this product
 a very good product that i use for finch nests . the natural grass/shavings in the nest make the finches feel more secure .
 My vet recommended these and we have given one each day to our Penney who is probably a bichon . We rescued Penney at 4 or 5 years old and she had severe periodontal disease . She had 5 teeth removed and is doing much better . These are very small and she finishes one off in about 5 minutes .
 These petite chews , which are more suited for toys breeds , are a good treat that also helps to clean your dog 's teeth . I 've experimented between the petite and small size chew and found , that for my dogs , the petite is preferred . They can actually consume these , which they do , rather quickly . That 's the only down side ... they do n't last long . The price here at Amazon is much better than what my vet charges for these , even with shipping , if you buy several packages at a time .
 This product was highly recommended by our breeder and our pups love it . This was the lowest price I found and the service was quick and excellent !
 Love this product ... wish they were a bit larger . Otherwise , our Maltese 's teeth look fabulous ! We recommend Enzadent Oral Care Chews -- they 're definitely worth purchasing .
 Not sure if its a coincidence , but as soon as my friend started giving these to his maltese , his tear stains and feet stains went away too . This dog just had teeth pulled so they were given to the dog for tarter care , but what a bonus ! And it 's much cheaper than buying Angel Eyes !
 I was giving my two Corgis Dental Sicks , which I was buying at Target . It was an inexpensive product and you got a lot for your money , however it was not helping with there hygene . The vet recommended the Enzadent chews and I immediately noticed a difference . There breath smells better and it seems to be reducing the plack on there teeth . My dogs love them , when I open the pack they go running to there crates because they know there getting one.I did some price comparing and Vet Solutions had the best prices compared to other sellers . And even though you pay for shipping , its still cheaper than buying from the vet !
 Length :
 Great product , only wish they were made in the good old U.S.A. our dog loves them although she 's a Sheltie she prefers the petite .
 I ca n't say enough good things about these . I 've been giving them daily to my 14 year old dogs and they have never had to have their teeth cleaned . They oral health condition is excellent .
 They seem to keep the excess tartar off my dog 's teeth and he loves the taste of them . I could n't get him to eat other dog chews like Greenies , but he loves these !
 Ive tried every kind of cat treat.Most were received with lukewarm attention.However , these , Dairy flavor Whiskas Temptation treats ? They keep the cats running all of the time.THESES are the ones that will make all of my cats happy all of the time.They stare at the empty package accusingly if I run out , so now , I order them by the case on Amazon.Amazing.Its nice to finally find something that these finicky felines love love love !!!!
 I 've tried lots of treats and these temptations are the first to be a hit in every flavor . I keep them in an airtight glass jar , and as soon as I shake it the noise makes her come running from whereever to get a treat.I also use them as a reward whenever she scratches on the scratching post instead of the couch , she loves them so much she scratches all the time and then looks at me for a treat .
 MY CATS LOVE THESE MILKY TREATS . THEY ARE A GREAT PRODUCT AND ARE HARD TO FIND IN THE STORES . I FOUND THEM ONCE AT PETSMART AND THEN NEVER FOUND THEM AGAIN UNTIL THIS WEBSITE . THANKS ALOT AND MY CATS ARE SO HAPPY !
 My cat LOVES this treats , sometimes more than me . We have tried other brands and flavors , but he is a treat snob and loves these . They are his favorite and knows where we keep them -LRB- with other kitty food at the bottom of the pantry -RRB- and will meow until someone gives him some!I have found this flavor at Wal-Mart , Petco , Petsmart , and major grocery stores .
 We 've ordered this order several times now from the same company . Love the product , love the quick shipping ! Good company !
 My dog gets one of these every morning , she is a 100 lb . Lab but I get the small size and she tries to make them last ... at least until I am out the door .
 My poms love the small chews . This size keeps them busy for about an hour . The petite size is gone in about 2 minutes so it 's more of a snack than a chew . -LRB- My dogs are aggressive chewers . -RRB- I only let them have the chews while they are with me . You ca n't be too careful with your pets .
 This product was recommended by our Vet as # 2 after one sold by the vet . We purchased both . This product is enjoyed by the dog who chews on it for a long time . I am sure that it keeps his teeth clean .
 Ordered 5 pkgs of dental dog chews and we received them the same week with no problems at all . Very happy with process and service .
 I received on time , product is good for my dog and feel more comfortable no more bad breath ! and really cleans !
 my bird like it this natural nest , also like to pick on it , the grass sometime got pick on it like toy for my finchs
 I really like these two nests , although they are not akin to those pictured . The front opening is quite quite small and the nest itself is large and deep . I hung the two that I recvd today , one with societies and one with some orange cheeks . We 'll see if they 're accepted or not !
 This has worked to help with our cat eating of fabric . However it does leave a residue that stays on the fabric sprayed and if it gets on your hands you will have a difficult time getting if off . So this product is not for the weak .
 This is a great product for keeping a dog 's teeth healthy . Plus they love them . I give one to him every day .
 My dog loves these chews and I love the way they clean her teeth . But make sure to order the correct size for your dog as the larger chews are thicker and difficult to cut in smaller pieces so a little dog could handle them .
 The dog loves these chews , but I have n't noticed any plaque come off of his teeth . His breath does seem to be a bit better .
 After spending $ 600 on a dental cleaning -LRB- the Vet needs to knock out the dog to preform the procedure -RRB- I asked the Doctor what could be done to eliminate any future cleanings . The two suggestions were to brush the dogs teeth or use these Enzadent Chews . Option two was my choice . The Vet charged $ 18 per bag . Amazon had then for $ 12 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Same product ... 2/3 the price .
 My cat Mr Bean loves this product ! He used to like the original Petramalt until they started messing around with and constantly changing the formula . He likes this even better ! I have to control the amount I give to him or he would keep eating it ! He looks forward to getting his &#34; brushing &#34; every day because he knows he 'll get this right after . In fact , he jumps on the bed hoping he will get a second brushing . I highly recommend !
 This product works great for my Persia cat . Prior to taking Laxatone , she was throwing up from hairballs and constipation . My vet recommended this product , and my cat LOVES it ! She has been taking it for a few years now , and it works great ! I highly recommend this product .
 My cat loves it . She will sit by her dish and meow at me till I give her a dose . Since she has started taking it , she has not had issues with hair balls and her coat beautiful .
 It 's the cat 's very favorite . She loves it ! She begs for it every morning . In the interest of having some peace and quiet , I give it to her every morning .
 We use this as recommended from the shelter that we adopted our bunny from . It keeps her system steady during shedding seasons .
 My daughters retriever had a blockage in his intestine due to hair blackage that resulted in surgery . Her Vet recommended this product to help prevent it from happening again . Chevy loves the flavor , has no trouble eating it and it is so easy to use . Since putting Chevy on this he has not had nay trouble with his intestine . Who knew a cat product would also work for a dog ! :-RRB- I will continue to buy this for him as long as he is alive .
 I absolutely love this product . For the past 4-5 years it has worked wonders for my kitties . They are Persian and very fluffy and I would be in a big trouble with hairballs if it was not because of this great product . Highly recommended .
 I was a little hesitant to order this , not recognizing the packaging , but I took a chance anyway considering the price was excellent . It turns out that Vetoquinol purchased Tomlyn , who used to make this , around the year 2002 and they are just now getting around to redesigning the packaging.I compared my old Tomlyn Laxatone to this one and everything is the same . Same ingredients , same dosages , also made in Canada just like the Tomlyn Laxatone.My long-haired Maine Coon loves this , always has , all I have to do is open the tube and I think she can smell it no matter what room she is in . I put it on a saucer for her and she laps it up . My other cat , not so much , I have to force it in her mouth , but she suffers occasionally from constipation , and this helps with that even though she is a shorthair.This is the malt flavor in this red/white tube .
 Seems to really help with the kitties and they actually love it so there is no problem getting them to take it ! One of our cats will eat it right off the end of the tube as I squeeze it out . They would eat more than what I give them by the recommended dose as they always seem to want more !!
 I have 2 long haired cats , which I get groomed often , however , they still get hairballs stuck in their tummies and this stuff helps it slide down so they do not throw up . If hair is stuck , blocking the food from going down , then that 's when they throw up . My cats love the tuna flavor and they love when I give it to them . At first they did not want it , but then after a couple times , they want it all the time . My vet advised me to get it and I did and paid about $ 10 for it . On Amazon , I get it for $ 6.70 with free shipping , ca n't beat that . And the best ; no more puke to clean up
 Do you hate cat 's hairballs ? That wonderful sound of a cat coughing up a hairball ? Buy Laxatone . They lick it off your fingertip . Best stuff ever ! It goes out naturally out the correct end , instead of by mouth -LRB- hairball -RRB- ...
 I have a cat who has chronic constipation . However , when he uses this product , he gets fast relief . I have been ordering one a month for several years now .
 I was so happy to find this on Amazon . I checked several stores that I used to purchase this product and no one had just the regular malt flavor , only the fish , etc. flavor which my kitty does not like . She absolutely loves this stuff . Received this product very quickly from the vendor and I will be ordering again . I like that it was a larger tube than what I was normally purchasing .
 My vet recommended this product two years ago for our aging cat , Bianca , who was vomiting a lot after eating - not hair balls , but vomit . This has worked wonders and really eliminated the vomiting problem . Bianca , who is 12 now , still has occasional hairballs , but nothing like before . Bianca is somewhat picky , but loves this stuff and begs for it every morning . If I do n't have time to give her a bit , she gives me a very disapproving look . It has a sweet , meaty smell and is very gooey , but she will lick the bowl clean . We 've only tried the original flavor . I started getting this off of Amazon , since it was cheaper and more convenient than paying $ 10 for it at the vet .
 With cats constantly licking their fur , hairballs in their digestive system will cause them to resurgigate any food they swallow . Get the tube and you will have less cleaning to do .
 My cat has to eat Laxatone every day , and I was buying the 2.5 oz . tubes from the vet at a pretty high cost per tube . I 'm glad to be able to get this product in a 4.25 oz . tube , and it was actually cheaper than the 2.5 oz . tube from the vet .
 I retired my thoroughbred after a 10 year showjumping career due to arthritis in his hocks . Since using this supplement , my horse -LRB- now 18 years old -RRB- has been moving so much better that the family that boards him has started using it on their 23 year old mare .
 One of our two finniky cats loved the little `` shredded wheat '' pillows . 50 % in this case is excellent , since both had been repulsed by a half-dozen or more previous products -LRB- mainly the tube-lube genre -RRB- . Effective ? I planned on including the results in this initial review but decided a month was not long enough , so the verdict on how well they work will have to wait another month . Procedurally , however , I fed the one cat on both the regimens for existing hairballs and for preventing potential ones . A month in and no hairball contributions . I can , however , report now on my opinion of the manufacturer 's customer service
 I have a cat that has hyperthyroid disorder . Unfortunately , he does not like the Greenies Pill Pockets . He just eats around the pill and will spit the pill out . I found the Defurr-UM treats are perfect . He loves the crunchy texture . I break the treat in half and push the pill into the gooey middle . It helps to give a non-pill treat first , then the pill treat , and while he 's eating the pill treat I give another non-pill treat under his nose on the floor to make sure he swallows his pill . Works like a charm every time . Plus Defurr-UM treats are cheaper than the pill pockets . It 's a must have in my home .
 My cats love these and I love them because I do not have to chase them with a tube of hairball remover . These work for my two girls and I would recommend them .
 Our cat is very picky on some of the treats -LRB- like all kitties :-RRB- -RRB- . she consistently craves for this particular treat and have had no problems with her stomach .
 My cat started out as a kitten . I found this product in my local grocery store ~ but could n't find it after that . So I started looking on-line for it . The Defurr-Um Treats are such a much better way to keep the hair balls down on the cats ~ then the old stuff you had to put on their paws . Glad I found it !
 Fussy cat who benefits from hairball medications . He takes these as treats and they help a great deal . I give two per meal -LRB- twice a day -RRB- plus two as treats in the evening . They have a crunchy outer shell . Have not found a way to get gels into this cat . I used to use product from Pounce , which they discontinued . Pounce had soft shell and I could hide medicine inside them ; ca n't do that with Defurr-UM . Conversely , these work better , help much more with the hairball problems . Recommended .
 -LRB- I started purchasing these `` good-for-them-treats '' at a local pet store when I adopted my first cat . When they stopped carrying them , I had to start ordering via online . -RRB- My cat is usually a picky eater - she 's not big on anything `` human food '' related . I was at first hesitant to give her these , seeing as I 'm all about ingredients ; and she usually wo n't eat anything new unless it smells like fish . However , first scent smelled like a baked piece of chicken , and unlike the hairball pastes , she did n't seem to mind the malt flavor filling ! She chooses to eat theses first over any `` treat '' she 's given -LRB- except a can of tuna fish ;-RRB- -RRB- . I think they 're supposed to be `` crunchy '' on the outside , but the filling always makes them more `` soggy '' . I usually break one in half and give it to her every few days . She is now almost 7 years old , and has only ever had a few hairballs in her lifetime . Giving these ever-so-often , a good dry food , and a brushing every other day during shedding season has saved us a lot of trouble .
 I purchased these about a week ago for my long-haired tuxedo . The cons are the smell -LRB- the cat does n't seem to mind , though -RRB- and the size . My cat has a relatively large mouth and teeth but has trouble eating them . Despite this , he loves them and is happy to eat more ! Most importantly , his random hacking noises and actual hairballs have stopped thus far . In the past , I 've tried hairball remedied food as well as some pastes that I 've purchased from the vet -LRB- he hated those -RRB- and nothing has worked as quickly as these . Highly recommended !
 Kitty was very excited when she smelled the bag , and absolutely loved them . Wish I had ordered more of them .
 These treats are great for my cat , Arthur who is the pickiest cat ever and they work ! I agree they are very expensive especially with the shipping charge but I 'm from a small town so by the time I drive to buy them it 's worth the price . Would love to hear about any stores in SW MN that sell them cheaper . Another trick I have found with hairballs is buying Purina One cat food for Sensitive Systems . It 's very reasonably priced , my cat loves it and it has really reduced the amount of fur balls on my carpet by a great deal ! Purina did not pay me to write this .
 My cat really likes this treat and I have noted a much shinier coat since she started taking these ; more importantly , NO hairballs ! She gets one every morning and reminds me to get her treat out too !!!
 My little girl thinks these are a treat . She purrs and purrs when I give her one . These definitely help her digestion as well .
 My cat is has medium length hair , but gets some crazy hairballs , and these are the only treats we use now . She just gets one at bedtime and begs for it , she loves it so much -LRB- and she is very picky . -RRB- The paste/gel stuff never worked , she hated it , so these are a great solution . If I ever run out , I 'm in trouble because within a week she 's got another hairball , so we make sure to always keep these on hand .
 My long-haired tuxedo kitty thinks these are the best ! She gets a couple just before bedtime and will streak from anywhere in the house to get them when I call .
 Our Cat Tinkerbell loves cat treats -LRB- which cat does not ? -RRB- and also has a problem with hair balls . Our veternerian recommended the Defurr-um treats . She likes them and has much less problems with her hair balls . Her coat looks better also . Sincerely , Means Johnston III
 Great toy until our lab chewed off the handle . We did order her a second Jolly Ball but now only allow her to have it for `` supervised '' play .
 The advertisement for this product indicates that there is a container with the product in it . Imagine my suprise when I opened the shipment and found twenty five pounds of brewers yeast in a trash bag . How angry would you be . It is roughly four gallons . What do you have laying around your house big enough to fit four gallons of product in ? Other than that the product works great !
 I have tried a lot of reflective collars over the last 14 years and I like this one best . Not only is it high-quality , it has a clip -LRB- instead of a buckle -RRB- , which is hard to find with reflective collars -LRB- who knows why -RRB- . And , it stands out better than any other one I 've seen . It is highly reflective and , when I take my black dog to the dog park I can pick her out from all the other black dogs , all of which have orange or red collars .
 I have had one of these on my dog for almost 5 years now . Durable , and highly reflective , I can keep my eye on her even when she 's in the darker areas of the yard . Looking at putting all my dogs in one .
 This is a very good high quality collar . Very visible at a distance . My only criticism would be that I would like it to be a little wider . It is sometimes difficult to see with my Golden because of his fur .
 We have two and they work great in Alaska down to -30 F . We use them for 6-7 months of the year and after 3 or 4 years the element wears out . Does anyone know if replacement elements are available ?
 The bowl is sturdy with a protected electrical cord . Heats water only at a certain low temperature which prevents evaporation of water at any given time . Great buy
 I use this bowl in the winter for my chickens . It is hands down better than a heated chicken waterer , it is more durable and the higer sides keep the water cleaner and I honestly believe the chickens prefer it to the ones designed for them . The added bonus , it is approxamately a 20 % savingsAllied Plastic Heated Pet Bowl , 5-Quart
 I 've owned this pet bowl for a month now and so far am very satisfied . We have had many nights below freezing and a few in the teens . It has not frozen at all and even melts snow as soon as it hits the bowl . No complaints at all . Also you can remove the heating element and make it a regular water bowl year round . The 5 quart size is plenty of water for my two large dogs . I would recommend this product to anyone who needs fresh water for pets especially in the winter . The price is very reasonable too .
 Came as promised . I liked the size and it does not tip . Does everything promised . It does not freeze at least down to 5 degrees . Thats the coldest its beend for me in Kansas so far .
 Bought this product not expecting it to be nearly as good as it is for the price . I highly recommend if freezing water is a problem for your pets .
 This bowl is a great value . I found others but double the price . If you need to keep your dogs water from freezing then you need this . It did trip my gfi outlet once but after resetting I have not had any other issues . I tested by leaving water in this bowl and a normal bowl , normal one froze and this did not . I read reviews sayin it does n't work but believe me this does work and my dogs love it .
 Works Best when combined with a thermal outlet plug , so the pet bowl will only turn on at a specific temperature range.Farm Innovators TC-3 Cold Weather Thermo Cube Thermostatically Controlled Outlet - On at 35-Degrees/Off at 45-Degrees
 We got this for our 2 very active outdoor labs . We 've had it about 2 mos now . When temps drop , we were putting them in our outdoor building that is heated at night , but my husband hated doing that b/c they always chewed up something of his . So we got this.So far it 's worked and they have n't messed with the cord . I do n't really think the coil around the cord would keep them from chewing into the actual cord though . And if they got bored enough , we agreed that they would definitely try to eat the bowl too.Make sure where you 're going to put this is flat though , or be prepared to build something non-flammable to level it out . The kennel floor is n't quite level , and it tilted so far it would n't hold much water -LRB- a problem if you have multiple dogs , large dogs or just dogs that drink alot -RRB- b/c the element would burn out . We had some slate stepping stones that had come apart in slivers and were pretty flat , so we used those to level it out , and then framed the bowl with regular bricks to keep them from tipping it . He also drilled 2 holes in the side of outer rim and used a ZipTie to lash it to the fence so they could n't pull the bowl away from the corner .
 We have an outdoor pet and this is great = it has not frozenno matter how cold it gets !!!
 Well , it was -2 this morning and the dogs water bowl did n't have a trace of ice . I actually just set their regular metal water bowl inside of the heated bowl and it works great . This product works as advertised . Along with their heated kennel mats , our three dogs stay outside and are comfy and warm with plenty of fresh -LRB- and now unfrozen ! -RRB- water while we 're at work . Would recommend to family and friends . Great price and fast delivery on Amazon .
 We purchased this product because we live in Winnipeg , where the winter temps go down to -40 degrees Fahrenheit and we needed a large enough bowl for the use of feral cats when we go away . This product works quite well . Some ice has formed above the surface of the water but there 's still plenty of ice free surface for the cats to drink from and it 's been very cold recently with lows of -10 deg Fahrenheit . The water does not evaporate as quickly , too , which is a good thing when you 're going away for a few days so you can fill it up only once every 4 days or so .
 I have these for my dogs , the barn cats and now the chickens . I got my first one about 6 years ago and it is still going strong . I have had problems with heated buckets and tubs from this manufacturer but the heated pet bowls are absolutely wonderful . They have remained ice free in the worst weather . The plastic bowl did not crack even after the water froze in it during a winter power outage .
 This does exactly what I need it to do . Keep my chicken 's water from freezing . The cord is long enough for me to move the bowl around and the plastic is easy to wip clean . Easy and simple . A + .
 This is the sixth winter we 've used this bowl ~ actually altogether we use 3 bowls ~ 2 of this bowl & 1 K&H ; Brand we bought a couple years before these.We 've never had water freeze even in the coldest Indiana winters .1 1/4 gallons of water fills the bowl completely to the brim.The thermostatically controlled heat has to warm the bowl more as the temperature dips , that also means the water evaporates faster.So it 's not only animals consuming water that we have to keep an eye onit also the fact that water evaporates away quicker ~ the colder the weather ~ the more the bowl heats.The 50 watt heating unit is waterproof & can be popped out and replacedbut we 've not needed that done yet.It can also be remove after the winter season , which allows year-round use of the bowlwith-out dealing with the cord.The six ft cord is wire wrapped to keep it from being chewed on.The base of the bowl is 12 '' diameter & 5 1/2 '' tall ~ with the heating unit being 9 '' in diameter.The 3 '' difference leaves a 1 1/2 '' perimeter cavity for storing the cord up in-side the bowl.After the cord is tucked inside ~ that cavity assets in nesting bowls which minimizes the room they take up.This bowl does the job ~ with it 's 50 watts ~ but the water evaporates a bit quickerthen our K&H ; bowl does using 30 watts , -LRB- current K&H ; bowls are 25 watts -RRB- and the K&H ; bowl never lets the water freeze either.K & H ; bowl takes up more room ~ it 's 13 3/4 '' across the base & 5 '' tall.The bottom is completely sealed so there 's no storage feature for the 6 ft steel wrapped cord.We use two bowls for animals and the third is for birds.We sit a bowl on top of a board across our cement birdbath and it works just fine.It 's deeper then a birdbath but none-the-less ~ the birds use this just fine each winter .
 This bowl works great for our 6 chickens . Their water is n't frozen in the morning yeah ! It 's easier to fill than the traditional watering container for chickens . It holds over a gallon of water . We have n't had any issues with the bowl or cord in the rain or on freezing cold days . Sometimes the most simple things are the most powerful .
 Great product ! I keep it in our chicken coup and it has been working great in temperatures near 0 ` F. I love how it is thermostatically controlled , so it is not constantly running when it does not need to be . I no longer have to worry about the water evaporating out every day .
 Wisconsin winters are cold , windy and snowy . I set this on a ground-level platform so birds and 4-legged creatures alike can get fresh water even when the wind chill is below zero . Perfect !
 I like Pet-Tabs products and have used them for years for my dogs . This is the first time , though , I am giving this particular supplement to one older dog who has a serious health problem and losing some blood . Have been giving it to her for a couple of weeks now and I can see a definite improvement in the color of her tongue and her energy . I 'll have her blood tested in a week or two to get accurate information .
 She 's old and anemic and when we started on this , and had her retested , the anemia was GONE ! Way to go ! One battle at a time with old cats ! Thanks for offering this so I do n't have to pay the inflated prices at the vet 's office !
 I have been giving this to my anemic , hypothyroid , underweight cat for a month now and with his last blood test the Dr. said he is no longer anemic!He said keep giving him the supplement , any extra B vitamins will just be excreted in his urine so no danger of overdose.Fantastic Product !
 Is effective and easy to use.My cat can tear a finger that goes close to his mouth to give medication.Because Pet Tabs Iron Plus for Dogs and Cats , 4-Fluid Ounce is in liquid form , I can mix it with wet food or give to my cat with a syringe -LRB- saves fingers -RRB- .
 I have a green cheek conure and its alittle small for her but she loves it . It is a durable material and was shipped promptly .
 The Scott leather dog leash is a well-made , quality , heavy duty leash . It has a twist in the leather for good looks and style , but is a very simple and sturdy leash , with a substantial brass clasp . Nice in the hand .
 My Sheltie loves these tablets , I can definetly tell the difference being that she gets fewer fleas than my other two gurls . Lacie & Kitty refuse to chew these tablets so I try to sneak one into their food . Fleas hate the taste of garlic & brewers yeast so they are great deterents . Even though the gurls get monthly flea killer this has been a bad year in NE Ohio for fleas . I do recommend this product hands down .
 The only reason I give this a 4 & not a 5 is the previous review which I just read ... got ta do some research there ... We used these on our two small dogs ALL summer and they were FLEA-LESS ! We had no critters in our home or yard , either & that was NOT the case when using Frontline ! And the dogs really like their morning ` treats ' ... we yse this with nzymes antioxident & they 're both really healthy ... they 're white , so we add Angel Eyes for no black tear streaks ~ works for us !
 Unfortunately , I was n't thinking when purchasing this . My birds are conures , with beautiful long tails . Therefore , they did not use it . However , I later purchased the snuggle sack which looks like a tent . They all sleep in them every single night .
 I like this product . The smaller one is for one lovebird or the medium one is for two lovebirds . well that 's what I have in mine and they love them . Plus they are machine washable and can be tossed in the dryer . if I get another bird i will buy one of these . The medium could be used for larger birds also . I think they are great little houses . I have never bought a large but I am sure they are for medium size parrots . thanks
 does n't work that well . Seed doors stick one way or the other and seed gets wet .
 It really does keep the squirrels at bay which is quite an accomplishment . The birds do n't seem as enthralled with this feeder however , that is why the 4 star instead of 5 star rating . Overall , I would recommend this feeder .
 This lasted two summers until the squirrels figured out that gnawing the plastic seed catcher on the bottom would cause all the seeds to fall out . The good part about this is that it kept the squirrels intrigued long enough for me to be able to shoot them . This definitely prevented repetition , one squirrel at a time .
 Although the feeder needed to be somewhat reassembled it was not a big deal , I would assume this was for shipping purposes . It would have been helpful to have a few more instructions . I get quite laugh as I watch the squirrels try to figure out how to get into this feeder . The birds seem to like it just fine . We have saved a lot of $ $ on sunflower seed and the mess under the feeders . I loved it so much I ordered 3 .
 I purchased this booster seat for my little dog who is disabled - she just loves being able to look out the car window and get the wind in her hair !! Just great !! We love it !!
 ... and it worked ! I have a little maroon-bellied conure who 's intimidated by larger toys that sometimes say they 're intended for `` conure sized birds '' . I think they usually mean sun conure - or larger - size . This toy is right for his size -LRB- about 60 grams -RRB- and he likes to play in it and around it and climb through it . We also tied some `` birdy kabobs '' onto it in a couple of places and a bell we had from another toy he destroyed - and he loves it all the more . The plastic links that hang down the middle are surprisingly fascinating to him . This makes his playstand more interesting and acrobatic . He does n't preen the ropey bits , but he does n't really use preening toys as a rule so that does n't mean your bird wo n't . I would highly recommend this toy for a bird of his species and curiosity !
 I 've had this in my conure cage for the last few months , They climb all over it , and even inside of it . The blocks and stuff were quickly destroyed , but they still have fun with it . No problems with them getting caught in it or anything like that . The best part of this toy ? It 's one of the few super quiet Conure toys I 've found that they actually like .
 A bit pricey for me but my caique really likes it . And now just filling up space to get enough words .
 I bought this for my Conure Joey . He is slow to play with any new toy and this was no exception . After a few weeks , he now climbs all over it . He loves to hang upside down on it . A really great bird toy .
 This is grate . Hold about 2 week 's of food for our dog , but she 's a small thing . clips to her other travel bag and is easy to clean . Make 's taking her with us much easier .
 I clip my dogs and two horses and my husband too . Just a working machine . I have had it for 3 years with no troubles and no worries .
 This is a nice light clipper that is easy to use and holds a battery charge well.We have this clipper for clipping our horse and it works well on the muzzle , ears ... face region . It works ok for the legs but the normal blade dulls and should be replaced with a course blade when doing body work.We bought it because of the easieness of using a cordless clipper and it has worked out well for us.Jenny
 This Item is great for my dogs . i used it more and more and continue to find uses for it .
 Great product , works excelllant , great price , professional grade , . I have used 2 of these in my salon over the last 14 years . the battery life is great .
 This was a gift to a horse owner who wanted to shave her horses for the summer and had to borrow clippers . My 12 year old granddaughter bought these for her and we understand they are wonderful .
 My four cats give the Solid Gold blended tuna Paws Up . There 's never any question as to whether they will eat dinner when I open a pouch . It 's just the right size for a small meal for them and it 's thickened with tapioca , so you do n't have to look to see if it has wheat gluten or rice powder in it . There 's never any leftovers when Solid Gold Tuna is offered and no cans to recycle . The pouch opens easily and smells wonderful each time . Five Stars from the 4 Ragdolls !!
 Great toy until our lab chewed off the handle . We did order her a second Jolly Ball but now only allow her to have it for `` supervised '' play .
 This leash is actually a lot nicer and better quality than I expected ! We plan on using it for our new Doberman ... until she gets into obedience training and requires a leather one !! Nice leash if you are a Texans fan !
 My Vetnarian actually lead me to this web site for a health supplement my 16 year old male diabetic cat had been taking . This supplement has added years , healthy years in spite of his age and diabetic condition . You saved me money and delivered the product more promplty than I expected.I 'm a very satisfied customer and will use you in the future .
 I make my own cat food and I know that cats require taurine , so I give them each 1/2 of tablet every day as the dosage recommends and they think it is a treat ! The price is good too , because there are 100 tablets and you only give the 1/2 tablet so a bottle goes a long way . Highly recommended !
 My cat is very picky but she loves these tablets a lot.Can ' t comment on health effect , but at least she eats them every day .
 My cat with cardiomyopathy loves these tablets . She eats them without hesitation . Interestingly , the other cat of mine who does n't have a heart problem wo n't touch it .
 I purchased this item because I have a pet skunk , and he requires Taurine . It really is n't that easy to find , so I bought 2 bottles to last me for a good long while . The skunk apparently likes the taste , because he gobbles the 1/2 pills down ! Gee , a medication for an animal that you do n't have to force feed !! < GG > Ca n't say how cats would like it though , but if you happen to have a skunk for a pet , do n't hesitate buying this product . It 's reasonable in price , and shipping was reasonable and fast too !
 My cats love it !! i dont need to hide it in cream cheese or anything they just eat it up ! great value too .
 This product is great . My pets munch it right down and they are frolicking around like when they were young kits again . I highly recomend this product for your pet . I have three domestic pet skunks and they need taurine just like cats do . This product has made a huge difference in their energy level and general happiness . they used to just eat sleep and poop . Now they are up playing and bugging us to be petted all of the time !
 My cat loves the taste of these `` treats '' and looks forward to taking them every day . No more struggle to get him to take his supplements .
 I have 2 cats that have really never been given people food and do not even like soft cat food or cat treats . My one cat needs these 2 times a day because his levels are slightly low . Low levels can cause blindness -LRB- which he is going blind but they are not able to determine if genetic or taurine -RRB- but low levels can also cause cardiac problems so was told to put him on these . I got them and they are the size of a nickel . Thought NO WAY WILL HE EAT THESE . Well I put one up to his nose and he seemed interested and them I broke it into 4 pieces and he ate them up . My boyfriend and I were amazed . We were worrying how in gods name are we going to get him to eat these massive pills . Thought we 'd have to break them into 4 pieces and use a pill pusher to get them down and that can be quite traumatic for a cat , especially twice a day . BUT they are very crumbly and so easy to break . Gave the other cat a piece and he ate it up too . VERY HAPPY , SURPRISED AND IMPRESSED : -RRB-
 works good , my dog stopped itching right away . It has lasted quite some time since I sprayed her . She was absolutely miserable before I treated her .
 from time to time our chock lab gets itchy feet weve tried quite a few products and this seems to work the best so far . there is so many causes its hard to tell what to do
 I have been giving these Vetri-Science Laboratories Canine Plus Beef Chewable Tablets multivitamin and mineral supplements to my dogs for years . My two Dachshunds and my French Bulldog will eat them happily as is , but for my Chihuahua I have to crush them with a mortar and pestle and mix it in with some moist dog food.FYI from the maker 's website
 I was stunned at the lightening-fast service . My 9-year-old dog loves these vitamins -LRB- shhh ... she thinks they are treats -RRB- , and I 'm confident they provide the extra nutrition she needs to keep her jaunty sense of humor and level of activity .
 These worked great . Did n't heat up even after a few hours of shaving . Only thing that bothered me was that the lengthening attachments kept popping off .
 I used clipper for the first time and was amazed at how well it worked . My dog has coarse hair and it took me a while to get the job done , but the dog tolerated the buzzing sound and clipper did not overheat as other brands do . I do recommend this clipper for anyone who wants to pay a reasonable price for a good working clipper .
 I had purchased a different clipper before to keep the cat cool in the summer . The previous clipper failed miserably and we have had to pay every summer for grooming . We then bought the Kennel Pro and although it is a bit more expensive it tackled the thick , fine cat hair without a problem . I do n't know what a rotary motor is , but it works great and is indeed much quieter than most I have used .
 I got these clippers to trim my Newfoundland 's hair . They have lots of thick hair and the clippers worked really , really good ! I trimmed off all of their hair for the hot summer .
 Saw these clippers for $ 135.00 at a store ! Low heat , good cutting through tough hair - the metal combs that come with it are the only down-fall
 This is a great product ! Our Maltese has very fine fur that burnt out our other clipper . This one keeps on going ...
 Great clipper . Does not stop working after a few uses as most of the other clippers do .
 I had bought another cheaper clipper and had to send it back , so thought after reading reviews this might work for me . It did very happy with this clipper works fine for me . vern in Iowa
 We use for our toy poodle . Best trimmers we have ever used . Reduces time in 1/2 .
 These clippers worked great on our Shih Tzu . Very pleased with their performance . After two clippings they will have paid for themselves . Doing it myself was easier than I thought , too .
 I have two coarse haired rescue dogs . I bought this product because it was not cheap and had a rotary motor . I had gone through two sets of cheapies in two years . THis is a really nice tool . It cut though their course coats like butter and kept them cool this summer.For nails I recommend this
 I did n't give it 5 stars because I have only used it once . However , I was VERY pleased with its performance . I did n't heat up -LRB- even though I used it continually for about 45 min -RRB- and was powerful enough to clip my terrier amazing coat .
 it was one of the gifts to my wife for Christmas ... i know , but she asked for a professional dog groomers set and these works extremely well . she has used many different clippers in this past and these are by far the best and they cut hair really well . I waited this long to post a review to give a fair amount of time to try them out . we have two dogs and she trims them every week after baths . she loves these clippers .
 This clipper turned out to be all I hoped it would be ... only the plastic carry case is flimsy . I got this for use at home ... for my purposes it works as well as I could want . The extra long cord is a real benefit ... the only negative at all is that my old clipper was a bit quieter . The attachments are easy to use and the quality of the clipper itself seems much higher than most of the things you find today . I rate it as a top quality clipper for heavy or light use but if your dog is very skiddish you might want to try a less powerful unit which might be a bit lighter and quieter . Still this thing seems like it will last forever and that 's nice to find these days . I give it ***** -LRB- Five Stars -RRB- .
 It is what I expected to be . Good make and easy to use it . I like it because my dog has a lot of long hair -LRB- Husky-German Shepherd -RRB- and I need something that will last and not burn the motor fast . Very good product .
 I highly recommend this clipper . During the summer my husband shaves our long hair dog so that she is more comfortable . In the past the clippers would burn out after one shaving . This one is still going strong .
 This clipper has been a god send for out silky hair terrier . It easily clips his fine hair and saves us beaucoup bucks aviding a dog barber .
 Have used the clippers two times and am very pleased . Low noise level . Does not get hot and easy to use .
 I am very happy with my clippers and dealing with Amazon for the first time was great .
 Excellent product , very pleased . My dogs got a nice clean coat and they were very active from the time i started given them the tonic .
 We could see an energy difference in two of the three standard poodles who share their lives with us . The youngest , at 2 , was getting very little ... just a bit so he did n't think he was n't getting what the big boys were getting . However ; the 8 1/2 year old really perked up and he was n't slow to begin with!We started the Lixontinic for one of our poodles who is only 5 , who has a blood disorder . It has made a difference for him.This is a great price on this product !
 I am very picky with what I give my dogs . I will not give them rawhide BUT they love to chew . I buy these chews only and they LOVE them . They will spend hours chewing on them . They get so excited when they see or hear the bag . They are good for them and they are edible . I highly recommend these !
 I bought this feeder at a local store several years ago but the plastic bottle became brittle & cracked so I had to throw it away . Since then , I 've tried four different feeders and noticed the hummers do n't feed as much now , even though I provide fresh sugar water frequently as always . They miss their old feeder ! Thank goodness I 've found them here on Amazon.com & bought two . Now my little friends will be happy once more !
 Hummingbirds are easily attracted to it . Would have perfered it was glass instead of plastic .
 Very pretty , and durable feeder - I placed this outside my work window and the little hummers love it !
 I had previously been an Oster A-5 Devotee , but purchased these at the recommendation of somebody I worked with who groomed dogs.They are quiet , they stay cooler than A-5 's , they fit your hand better , and they have plenty of power . I used mine for both fine show clipping big jobs like body clipping horses .
 My friend is a professional dog groomer and she recommended this model . I have 3 Cocker Spaniels , one of them has a really thick curly hair . Working with these clippers was like cutting through butter . I find it funny when people complain about the blades getting hot . Of course they get hot . That 's what the cooling spray is for . I used them for entire hour , applied cooling spray occasionally , but the body itself never got hot . Love this product , would strongly recommend !
 excellent truly works awesome I love it and will order more . great customer service on time and undamaged very easy to use
 Magic on your dogs coat , added protien gives ahigh gloss to a healthy coat . It also deters misquitos and fleas from attacking your dog when made a regular part of diet
 Since our 11 AND 5 YEAR OLDS HAVE BEEN ON THIS WE HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH FLYS BITTING THERE EARS , NIGHT FLYING BUGS THAT CAUSE HEARTWORM ... THE BUGS STAY AWAY . WE HAD LEFT THE OLDER 3 DOGS WITH A FRIEND AND HIS DOGS EARS WEREE BLEEDING AND OUR DOGS JUST FINE ... AWESOME PRODUCT . . HIGHLY RECOMEND IT . WE PUT IT ON THE DRY KIBBLE , AND WITH 3 WE HAVE 2 CANS MIXED UP AND DO N'T WORRY ABOUT THEM . dO N'T KNOW IF THEY WORK ON TICKS THOUGH . WE HAVE N'T HAD A PROBLEM BUT WERE ARE IN THE CITY . HOPE THIS HELPS
 I bought this for my 10yr old Yellow fatty Labrador . It 's super comfy and soft and she does n't itch her neck nearly as much as she did with her old collars -LRB- one was fabric and the other was leather -RRB- . I ca n't wait to try it out during the summer when she goes swimming in it . I also fly so i LOVED the design too - it 's hard to find a collar that has trout on it and is neither masculine nor feminine .
 It works great and my dear daughter loves it !!! The crabs are having no problem eating from it ! Thank you !!
 Love the whimsy of the Crabworx line of items . The Diner is no exception in how cute and sturdy it is . It is , however , big , and you do n't want to put in anywhere near the amount of dry food it will hold . Maintaining proper humidity in the habitat makes excessive amounts of food get moldy , and we have had to toss some food out on a couple occasions when we have put too much in the Diner . One thing we did not expect -- our biggest crab has learned to climb it !
 Works well , aside for decoration kinda pointless , as crabs require their food to be changed out every so often , unless you have a lot of crabs ,
 very nice , made well . nice when leaving for a few days because it holds enough food while I am gone
 This is the best crabworx item yet !!!! I love this , its just what i needed !!!! i am so excited i got it .
 I 've been happy with the high-quality ingredients in Beak Appetit 's `` cookable '' varieties , and so has my parrot . He now gets excited when I turn on the microwave to heat it up in the morning . I do recommend , as the manufacturer does also , serving a layer of nutritious `` back up '' dry food under the cooked food , since after the cooked food cools it 's not as appetizing to the bird -LRB- think cold bowl of oatmeal -RRB- . One quirky thing about the `` Nuts for Alfredo '' variety , though , is that after a couple of days my parrot started to smell , um , * spicy * , like he 'd really been eating a pile of pasta alfredo . And while that sort of thing smells wonderful while it 's cooking , it 's not terribly becoming to bird breath . I switched to the sweeter varieties instead -- like the Carribean Crunch or Calypso Spice . Now my bird smells nice and cinnamony , and I can deal with that . : -RRB-
 Crabworx items are sturdy , heavy , and cute as can be . Our biggest crab likes to climb the trees , but none of the crabs have found the hammock to be anything other than something to crawl over . If you have plenty of room in your habitat for whimsy , this -LRB- and other Crabworx items -RRB- are a fun purchase .
 My crabitat is decorated to look like a beach resort , so this item looks amazing in it . It is well made , good quality , worth the price . I love the netting material for the hammock ; makes it look more realistic . The base is large and substantial , so my 3 medium - large hermies do n't tip it over when they climb on it .
 Christmas present for my son 's hermit crabs , Lego & Chili . They have n't climbed in the hammock but they enjoy it .
 Was just what the little fellows wanted . Great product . To live the life of a hermit crab . Wish they had one in my size .
 The Lupine Series leashes all have a lifetime warranty on them even if they are chewed and the good thing about that is you just take them back to where you got them from and they will give you a replacement . I have a retailer right down the street from me and this is the second Lupine leash i purchased from amazon and when the dog chews it up i just bring it to them and they give me a replacement . No questioned asked and i dont even need the reciept
 I bought both the 3/4-inch collar and leash , my first Lupine products . So far , I am very satisfied with my purchase and impressed with the craftsmanship . Both the collar and leash look and feel well made , and I do n't think the product photos on Amazon fully do them justice . Lupine 's replacement guarantee is just the icing on the cake .
 I love this leash 's durability and guarantee , for my pup is a tough chewer . The `` wild thing '' pattern is perfect for my blue merle Aussie . I had class mates in puppy training class recommend this type of leash , for Lupine backs their products for replacement even if chewed and since my puppy has already nearly chewed through another brand leash that I bought for him , I could n't afford not to try this one . It 's a little stiff at first but I like it 's wow factor and the keep-ability that it offers me . Thanks Lupine for such a great product and thank you Amazon for making it available at an affordable price . I definitely recommend this leash !
 Bought this for my 4 month old golden retriever male along with the Martingale collar . Love how well they are made & the comfort of the padded handle is easy to hold on to for pups who like to pull . Also , the pattern & color of the leash almost made it too pretty to use . I have been using it for almost 2 months now & it 's been chewed on several times but shows no wear . I will definitely buy from Lupine again & will recommend them to my friends .
 Everyone in the family grabs this lead when headed out the door ... the other brand lies unused now . Comfortable , padded handle . The latch on the hardware is different from most and easier to use - you just push the gate in/out instead of sliding a button . This type is less likely to be released by a pulling dog , as you have to push in to open the latch , not out . The webbing is wider and softer than our other one , not to mention a great , bright pattern ... makes for gentler `` tug-o-war '' when our puppy decides it 's a toy .
 Lupine builds products that last and last . The materials are strong , high quality and well constructed . A decade ago , through a freak accident a collar buckle broke . The company President cheerfully honored their replacement policy when I wrote him . Therefor , I 'm a customer for life . Lupine 's products ca n't be beat . There 's no reason to look at anything else . I 'm confident in the quality and the company behind this product . The Ruby Cube lead is even more beautiful than in the photos . It 's strong and arrived well before the estimated delivery date . I 'm a pleased , loyal customer and planning to order again for another one of my dear little friends .
 I 'm on my fourth Lupine lead now . Not because anything is wrong with them , but these are so cute that I got them in multiple colors ! My dog pulls like crazy if a cat or squirrel run by . Do n't get me wrong , my dog is only 8 lbs , but the leads we got from the pet stores were digging into my hands and causing rope burn and one slightly dislocated my pinky when I made the mistake of wrapping a cheap lead around my hand . Lesson learned ! After reading the reviews , I went with Lupine and I will never look back . These leads are fantastic!These Lupine leads have a wonderful hand-hold allowing me to hold my dog securely , without my hands being injured . The hardware is top-notch ! Could not be happier and the wonderful patterns brighten my day -LRB- i 'm sure my dog likes them , too -RRB-
 I have successfully thrown away all of my leather collars and leashes after finding , and falling in love with , lupine . I found the collar -LRB- in the cute Suzie Q print -RRB- at a local vet but they did n't have the matching lead . I 'm so glad amazon has them because I was really beginning to hate the way I 'd have to wind my dog 's leather leash around my wrists when I needed to reel him in . The fact that this matches my dog 's collar is also a nice plus ... even if he does n't care . : pNot only does Lupine make soft and comfortable items , they have a lifetime guarantee if your pet should ever destroy their collars and leashes . My dog has n't chewed through his leash since he was a pup , but the guarantee puts my mind at ease.If you do find that your dog is fond of making a snack of his or her leash or collar , you may want to take a look atGrannick 's Bitter Apple for Dogs Spray Bottle , 16 Ounces . I used the spray for a few weeks before my little guy eventually gave up and decided that nylon covered in bitter apple spray was n't his cup of tea any longer . May or may not work for you , but personally I found it to be quite effective .
 I had just adopted a new dog who came with a brand new Dolphin Bay collar so I was delighted to find a brand new leash to match . I like the clasp and heavier wrist loop . There 's not too much more to be said about a leash .
 This beautiful Lupine `` Cherry Blossom '' leash gives a look reminiscent of needlepoint . The quality is excellent . Padding makes it very comfortable on your hand . This wonderful product is made in the USA . The only disppointment for me is that , while this is excellent for my puppy , they do not have a heavier leash available in the `` Cherry Blossom '' pattern for the days ahead when she is full grown . Hopefully they will have it available by then .
 I love Lupine collars and leads because they are so well made and have cute patterns . I also love the warranty/guarantee that they will replace them no matter what happens if they break . The hand loops on the leads are the BEST .
 This is an AWESOME lead !! I have had MANY different styles of leads and this is my FAVORITE !!!! Nice comfy handle and easy clip !!!!
 Very well made with easy grip softened by inside fabric . Good-looking , fun pattern . Only downside , clasp is diffficult to manipulate for my older fingers .
 I fell in love with this jazzy , black and silver metallic , leopard pattern leash while shopping in a local pet store but was disappointed that the store did not offer matching collars that would fit my dog , Wandrdog . Luckily Amazon offers a large assortment of products by the manufacturer Lupine and I was able -LRB- with some hunting -RRB- to find the perfect pattern -LRB- `` Wild Thing '' -RRB- in the styles and sizes Wandrdog needed.Lupine offers leads in three widths -LRB- 1/2 '' , 3/4 '' , 1 '' -RRB- and in three lengths -LRB- 2 ' , 4 ' , 6 ' -RRB- . I selected the 3/4 '' wide , 6 ' length and found it perfect for my 25lb dog . I also selected a martingale-style collarLupine 3/4 '' Wild Thing 14 '' -20 '' Combo Collar , 3/4 '' W , 14 '' -20 '' Neckin a matching pattern.This lead is extremely well made from tightly woven , jacquard nylon webbing . Unlike other manufacturers , Lupine 's designs are woven into the webbing and not printed or sewn on top . The metal fitting that attaches to the collar is a welded , zinc-plated reverse-gate , swivel clip that is very strong and secure . -LRB- Another reviewer has commented that the clip is small and difficult to use . This is not the case with my leash ; the clip is quite large and sturdy and easy to use because you push against it to open and close the latch . -RRB- The handle is padded and comfortable to hold.Lupine manufactures its products in Conway , New Hampshire and offers a life time guarantee ... even if chewed . This guarantee is reassuring as Wandrdog 's former leash has been well gnawed and patched twice .
 This seems to be a very nicely made leash . It is attractive and appears to be very strong . The clip is a nice spring loaded one that is easy to attach to a collar or harness . The loop is large enough to easily place your hand through . My complaint is not with the leash but with the shipping container . This leash could have been shipped in a bubble bag but instead came in a 14 '' X 20 '' X 4 '' carton filled with 20 air bags . This is a totally irresponsible waste of oil -LRB- plastic bags -RRB- and trees -LRB- cardboard carton -RRB- . Whoever was responsible for this , needs a lecture on responsible packaging .
 I usually use a leather leash but this one caught my eye and I gave in . It is very well made , bright and thick and sturdy . The padded handle is nice too . I like that it is guaranteed even if my dog chews it ! I try to keep my dog 's mouth away from the leash but you never know.I am sure this is not doing to snap or fray any time soon . Good leash , worth the money . And it comes in a zillion fun choices of colors .
 This leash has a beautiful design but is very STIFF . If pup pulls and I 'm holding on to the main part , not the black handle , it feels like a knife cutting my hand . We use it every time we go on a walk and it is a great product but be prepared for a stiff leash !!
 My Staffordshire Terrier deceided that she would chew the leash in half but Thankfully I purchased this from a great company . Lupine stands behind their products and I HIGHLY recommend their products to all animal lovers .
 strong but supple and all of their products are colorful . you can find anything to match your taste and at these prices you can have more than one .
 What more can you ask for ? This lead and ALL Lupine products are guaranteed for life , even if chewed up !!! I love the look of the lead and the padded handle is so comfortable ! Great product , and no problems at all !!!
 beautiful colors and well-made , nice-looking and 6 ft can be hard to find to match up with a cat halter
 Great quality and the company stands by their product for the lifetime of the product . You ca n't beat the integrity !
 Lupine products are awesome - they hold up well , have great designs , and are guaranteed even if chewed . This is a standard leash , but you know it 's well made and the design makes it more fun ! My black and white dog looks awesome in Wild West !
 I prefer to use short leashes when I train heeling -LRB- seems to send the message better that the dog better stay close by -RRB- , and I LOVE having a short leash for trips with the dogs to the local petstore - I do n't have to wrap the leash around my hand to make it short because it already is .
 This is not the cheapest leash you can buy , but it is the best , and if you play your cards right , the last . If this leash breaks or is damaged Lupine will replace it free of charge -- how 's that for customer satisfaction ? And yes , that includes if your dog chewed it up . Even if there was n't this guarantee , I would still buy this leash because of the clip design . No fumbling with your thumbnail to depress the little knob and open the clip while you 're holding it next to your -LRB- wiggly -RRB- dog . No -- just press the clip to the dog 's collar and the clip bar will bend back automatically and then spring back into place . Even removing the clip is not as difficult as a standard depress action clip . Once you get used to this kind of clip you will never want to go back . The handles on all Lupine leashes regardless of the color/design are triple sewn in a black nylon with some nice internal padding . Increases their strength and comfort.Lupine offers a lot of fun designs and colors for their leashes which match their collars . Unfortunately , for the really small/narrow leashes the clip design has defaulted to the standard depress design . And its tiny ! Yikes . Stick with the larger leashes and save yourself some fumbling . If you have multiple dogs like I do and need to get those leashes attached quickly and without maximum annoyance -LRB- and who does n't ? -RRB- this leash is for you .
 Design is so-so but looks to be a nice and sturdy leash . I like it . Worth the cost .
 This leash is great for a long walk or a potty run around the block ! It has a nice padded handle and the latch is nice and sturdy . Also the latch is on a swivel so it wo n't get tangled . It was priced really great , shipped super fast and with the matching Martingale collar an excellent addition to our dogs attire !!
 This is the best leash I 've ever owned . Easy clip buckle and I like the metal ring at the handle I clip my doggie bags on it
 I absolutely love the Lupine product guarantee . We adopted an 8mo old Cattle Dog mix from the shelter and lost quite a few leashes -LRB- $ $ ! -RRB- due to us carelessly leaving where he could have access to them . Two seconds and we 'd turn around and the leash was in pieces . I honestly do n't even know how many we lost.Anyway , we were at a boutique pet store and learned about the Lupine guarantee . The patterns are super-cute . The boutique store even threw in a matching key chain when I bought Odie a new collar and leash!Lupine has lived up to their guarantee with us . We 've lost one leash and one collar since our first purchase . The leash was a victim of careless setting on chair followed by a voracious cattle dog getting a hold of it . The collar ended up getting rusty and yucky looking after a few swims at the beach . Both were replaced , no questions asked ! No accusations or complaints , just replacements.I highly recommend this product !
 I bought one of these for my dog . The design is attractive and the handle is n't too rough . When my dog chewed through the leash -LRB- which could happen with any leash -RRB- , I was able to bring it to a local store to exchange for a new one at no cost . Very nice guarantee on these !
 Both my dogs wear Lupine collars and have Lupine leads . They are high-quality . We get tired of the designs long before they wear out , but on the occasion where one of my dogs decided to chew up a lead , Lupine replaced it without fuss . Nice .
 These are the best quality leashes on the market . Durable for a large dog and I love the handle grips . Shipped quickly .
 Extremely strong material ... like iron . Despite my dogs chewing on the leash and collar , there is absolutely no damage at all . 100 % satisfied with this product!Highly recommend this product and will continue to purchase this brand for my two dogs.Joanna Smith
 Great product - great service . Just wish they had collar and leash so I would not have had to buy from different places
 The best leash I ever bought the leash is great very durable and the grip is very comfortable my dog chews on the leash , but the leash still looks great I even bought a second one for my other dog I recommend it to any dog lover and my dog weights 189 pounds and the leash supports it weight
 I would n't have any thing except Lupine on my dogs . We have a little chocolate-lab mix who darted across the yard on her lead after a squirrel one afternoon , snapping the buckle on her Lupine collar and destroying it . I sent it back to the company with my requested item for the new one , and it arrived within a week ! Quality , craftsmanship , service . Is there more ?
 Looks sharp . Clasp works well . Wife loves it . Warranty cant be beat . Matching collar or harness to complement the look . You wont be disappointed .
 Love the pretty pink , & colourful butterflies for our female . Well made & looks great with her light brown colour . Very Pretty .
 We got our male dog a Lupine collar and leash in a different pattern -LRB- the collar was chewed through once and the leash three times , and they replaced it for free every time ! -RRB- and knew we wanted to get this when we got another dog if she was a girl . When we adopted our second dog I ordered this the day we brought her home . It is beautiful , durable , and has a great warranty . No other brand will do !
 Love this product . Going to need to use the lifetime guarantee soon because my puppy has been chewing on it !! Especially like the extra sturdy handle . Great color options too !
 This leash is the best dog leash I have ever purchsed . It is tough , rugged and built to last . I have purchased other leashes that have frayed at the handle and were more expensive . This one is PERFECT .
 Lupine leashes are the best ! Amazing quality - lasts forever , does n't fray , very comfortable to hold , and last but not least adorable patterns , AND a lifetime guarantee ! I love supporting this great company .
 I absolutely love this brand . They will replace their product , with no questions asked , for free . When your dog scratches his collar and gets it all fuzzy , they will replace it . Amazing . Love this brand .
 I have had my two dogs in Lupine collars and leads since they were puppies . They did chew through one of the leads , and it was replaced , no questions asked . just as the guarantee states . The only reason the collars were replaced was because they were bleached from the sun , and living in a tropical climate , EVERYTHING bleaches . I 've recommended to all my friends that have four legged members of the family .
 I discovered this leash at my vets and was drawn to it because of the really cute designs . I also really liked the clip which you could just `` slap '' onto the dog collar rather than using the usual thumb-slider clip . The leash also has a padded handle which is very much appreciated when you have 70 pounds of dog pulling against you to get out at that lovely poodle coming your way ... What has turned me into a customer for life for Lupine is their replacement guarantee . I originally bought a leash and collar when my dogs were puppies -- fuzzy bundles of chewing teeth . I was crate training them and would leave the collars on while they were in their crates . Do n't ask me how but one of my dogs had this incredible talent for chewing the collar off . Lupine replaced it no questions asked . It happened again . They did it again . By this point , I caught a clue and no longer left the collar on my dog while unattended.However , there are n't many companies that will stand behind their product like Lupine does -- even when their customers are not the most clueful people in the world . When I would email them , they were always incredibly friendly and it was a personalized response.In essence , if you buy one Lupine leash , that is the only leash you will ever need to buy because Lupine will stand behind it . However , in reality , because customer service like this is so hard to find -LRB- not to mention the leashes and collars are so nice compared to others out there -RRB- , you want to continue to support the company by purchasing more collars throughout the years.I ca n't recommend these leashes and the company enough !
 If you have a dog that chews , Lupine leads are a must . Three days after receiving my order from Amazon , my 1-year-old English Setter mix chewed straight through this lead . After realizing what she had done , I sent the chewed lead to Lupine and received a new lead free of charge within three days . She 's on her second lead now and is doing much better with the nervous-chewing issue but I can rest assured that if she does chew through this one , Lupine will replace it quickly , free of charge , and with no questions asked.This is one of the best leads I have ever owned -LRB- and I 've owned quite a few -RRB- , hands down . The handle is comfortable - the padding makes it easy for me to hold it with no burns or bruises from plastic or nylon handles which is a first . It is easy to slip onto a harness , even in cold weather and the lead itself seems to be made from quality materials . I also love the print , even if it is a little girly.Bottom line , buy this lead , especially if you have a dog who likes to chew .
 This is my 4th or 5th lupine product that I 've bought over the years . The only reason why I even bought another leash was because the other one I had was only 4 feet -LRB- it was the only size my vet carried at the time -RRB- and I did n't know about the 6 ' . I really do like the extra length in the 6 footer compared to the 4 footer . Also I like that it matches the collar I bought even though that was years ago.The lupine products have sat outside in the Florida heat and tropical storms . They ` be been washed in the washing machine and dried in the dryer . No complaints -- not even a loose stitch . Great product at a good price : -RRB-
 I love Lupine leashes and collars . They are high quality and have a lifetime guarantee - even if chewed ! Ca n't beat that !!!
 After getting tired of buying leads from the big box pet stores , only for them to fail/tear apart , I decided to try Amazon . The Lupine Leashes are of the same material as many of the leads you 'll find at your local pet stores/Wally Mart . The lead is of a two piece construction , black material looped with a metal latch to the lead , the 3/4 and 1 '' thick leads have a real easy to latch clip for attaching the lead to the collar . Where as the 1/2 '' thick lead has the standard thumb pull/press latch . The difference between this lead and all others is the warranty/guarantee ; LIFETIME , even if you have a pet who chews through the leash ! You can go to lupinepet dot com , they have the guarantee on the bottom of their page , you just mail them the old broken lead -LRB- or collar -RRB- , then they 'll ship it back to you . I have n't had the luxury of having to return one , their products seem very well made . The added knowledge of where it 's made allows you to feel better as all of Lupine products are made in New Hampshire , -LRB- USA -RRB- .
 Leash is sturdy . Use it as a training leash for my puppy . On of the few I found 4 ft in length . Attractive .
 This company will replace any item , even if the dog chewed it up ! The leads are great because of the comfortable handle , does n't give you `` leash burn ''
 Love the pattern on this leash . So cute . Just wish is was on both sides . It 's made well and I love the lifetime warranty that Lupine offeres even if chewed . Has worked out wonderfully so far for our Lab puppy .
 I like that I was able to get both martingale collar and leash to match . And pink is my Daisy Mae 's color , so we were very happy .
 After getting tired of buying leads from the big box pet stores , only for them to fail/tear apart , I decided to try Amazon . The Lupine Leashes are of the same material as many of the leads you 'll find at your local pet stores/Wally Mart . The lead is of a two piece construction , black material looped with a metal latch to the lead , the 3/4 and 1 '' thick leads have a real easy to latch clip for attaching the lead to the collar . Where as the 1/2 '' thick lead has the standard thumb pull/press latch . The difference between this lead and all others is the warranty/guarantee ; LIFETIME , even if you have a pet who chews through the leash ! You can go to lupinepet dot com , they have the guarantee on the bottom of their page , you just mail them the old broken lead -LRB- or collar -RRB- , then they 'll ship it back to you . I have n't had the luxury of having to return one , their products seem very well made . The added knowledge of where it 's made allows you to feel better as all of Lupine products are made in New Hampshire , -LRB- USA -RRB- .
 After getting tired of buying leads from the big box pet stores , only for them to fail/tear apart , I decided to try Amazon . The Lupine Leashes are of the same material as many of the leads you 'll find at your local pet stores/Wally Mart . The lead is of a two piece construction , black material looped with a metal latch to the lead , the 3/4 and 1 '' thick leads have a real easy to latch clip for attaching the lead to the collar . Where as the 1/2 '' thick lead has the standard thumb pull/press latch . The difference between this lead and all others is the warranty/guarantee ; LIFETIME , even if you have a pet who chews through the leash ! You can go to lupinepet dot com , they have the guarantee on the bottom of their page , you just mail them the old broken lead -LRB- or collar -RRB- , then they 'll ship it back to you . I have n't had the luxury of having to return one , their products seem very well made . The added knowledge of where it 's made allows you to feel better as all of Lupine products are made in New Hampshire , -LRB- USA -RRB- .
 i bought the 1/2 '' sea glass leash and was n't sure if it would be sturdy enough for my almost 18 lb minipoodle . well , it is incredibly sturdy as on day two of using the leash we encountered a cat and the little dog went beserk as usual . no problems with the leash being strong enough to reign him in without it stretching out or warping as another 1/2 '' leash did . the design is even nicer in real life than in the pictures . highly recommended !
 I had previously purchased the matching collar at a local pet store , but they were sold out of the leash . I was so excited when I found the leash on Amazon . I Love it ! and am so happy w/the purchase !!
 We have a Border Collie puppy that loves to chew . Lupine guarantees all heir leashes even if chewed . It is a good sturdy , well made leash . Unfortunately , our puppy has razor sharp teeth , but with free replacements , you ca n't go wrong .
 strong and high quality . how can you go wrong with a product where the company will replace if it gets chewed or breaks in any way . I wo n't buy anything unless it 's from Lupine . Nice choices of designs .
 Lupine always makes great stuff and you CAN NOT beat their guarantee , but this is the first leash I have purchased of theirs . I typically own larger show quality dogs , i.e. , Akita , Siberian Husky ... but rescued a beagle mix from the shelter recently - I bought this leash in the 4 ft. length to match her Lupine Suzy Q collar . It 's great and perfect for my `` Honey Pot '' ! I love the easy push down latch to hook it on - rather than the pull back kind other leads sometimes have , and the padded handle is nice . It is very well put together - of course ! Sturdy construction is synonymous with Lupine . The only thing I would like differently , would be for the pattern to show on both sides - which is n't an issue on the collars - obviously - and is only a minor aesthetic - so I should n't really fret over it - I 'm probably the only one who notices and it certainly does n't affect the functionality.Wet Nose Boutique was very quick with the shipping and wrapped the lead in the cutest paw-print tissue paper inside the package . My dogs thought it was Christmas in July ! Little Honey Pot was too darlin ' prancing around with pride to have both a new collar and matching lead now instead of hand-me-downs !
 A very sturdy and beautiful leash . We 're on our third leash now , since our shepherd is a leash chewer . Lupine really does send you another leash if you send them the chewed one . Love it . Great investment .
 I had to get a replacement mud puppy pattern lease because we lost one while traveling . I would defiantely buy again . I also have Lupine collars and just bought the harnesses . The handle on the lease is great and they seem very durable . And how can you beat the life time warranty ! -LRB- as long as you do n't lose it -RRB-
 Our cat loves these fluffy balls , which are fun to bat around the floor . He also likes to pick them up and carry them around in his mouth , like a kitten . They have no discernible odor and hold their shape despite the sometimes rough play they are subjected to . Our cat goes bonkers when we throw him one of these balls .
 We have several cats , old and young , and all of them loves these pom poms . The little balls are squishy enough for them to sink their teeth into , but can not be easily ripped apart or destroyed . They have accidentally gone through several washing machine cycles and come out great . One cat keeps dropping them into the water bowl . All you have to do is pick out , squeeze it out , and let it dry for a couple of hours . It never smells bad and it always keeps its shape , even after being caught in vacuum beaters or sucked up in the vacuum altogether . They also last a few years at a time -LRB- even with heavy play -RRB- , but we try to buy an extra pack now and then as back-ups .
 My cat loves these pom pom balls . They are hard to find . But I always can get them at Amazon.com .
 I do n't know what it was about these , but the cat LOVED these toys . No bells , no whistles , and soft so as to not make noise on the hardwood floors so it was great for me , and she could n't get enough . Very reasonably priced and a great investment !
 Cat will come from nowhere with it and will want to play catch and retrieve . Safe items . Glad we bought them
 Company has very fast Service ! I love the product.I will definitely will order again . They have excellent service ! Would definitely recommend .
 They are great , they do n't fall apart easily , they are big enough for her to feel like she &#34; caught &#34; something but soft and light to carry back to me . Exactly what I was looking for .
 This purchase was to stock up on some toys my neighbor gave me because her Ragdall , Sammy , did n't care for them . I pulled them out for the foster kitties , DIsco and Reggae , that I ended up adopting , and they were enthralled . Besides getting batted around , these get picked up and carried all over the place . Disco recently woke me up in the wee hours of the morning with one of these in his mouth , presumably because he thought it was time to play fetch . Yes , he plays fetch AND catch with these . D&R like these so much I had to order more to supplement the 2 that Sammy 's mom donated .
 Not what I expected . They have a texture and noise that 's hard to explain . My cat likes to carry things around in his mouth and this has become his favorite .
 Got these for my cats for Christmas . They love these . As do I . The balls are soft and light so they can be thrown and batted around . They have a good density to them and have held up well .
 When our local store stopped carrying these , I did n't know what I was going to do . I thought the manufacturer had stopped making them . I was beside myself.My male Himalayan absolutely loves these pom poms . He carries them up and down our stairs and puts them in little piles or he leaves them in his food dish when it 's empty.We had tried to wash the ones he had but they do n't really hold up to well to repeated washing . I was so happy to find them available on Amazon . Now he can go back to fresh fuzzy balls .
 I should say my fickle cats . They played with the toys for a few days then went back to paying with paper bags . Good as a gift for folks with cats .
 Out of all the toys I 've brought my new kitten these are by far her favorite . She 's even learned to play fetch with them !
 My cat absolutely loves these ! She plays with them all the time and loves to pull apart the yarn . They fly through the air with the greatest of ease , making her run to attack them again . They do n't make any noise when they hit the walls and weigh nothing , so my cat can easily carry a ball in her mouth as if she 's captured prey . The only downside is having to go around the house , picking up the pieces of yarn when she pulls the balls apart , and , on occasion , having to pull yarn out of her mouth !
 Our three cats all have different preferences for the kind of balls that they enjoy playing with the most . Our two-year-old rescued male cat plays with these soft balls endlessly . He will chase one around , and then carry it in his mouth back to the middle of the floor , and then the game starts again . He also enjoys hiding them under the throw rugs , and then pouncing on the lump in the rug .
 wonderful cat toy it is not yarn put together that falls apartbut great two inch soft balls that can be carried around orplayed with . much fun for cats and owners .
 I thought I had lost all hope ever since the grocery stores in my area stopped selling these in the pet section . These Pom Pom 's are durable and yet fuzzy , soft with a welcoming pattern to any pet , yet with a weight -LRB- not too heavy , not too light -RRB- so that it can take flight when thrown across a room.When the customer is a very picky cat who eagerly follows the pom pom no matter where it goes and carries it back to you in its mouth only to run after it when its been thrown again -LRB- he trained us to play fetch with him , not the other way around -RRB- , we are all thankful . He even brings them to bed with him .
 These are the best made pom pon toys in my opinion because they do not fall apart when my cat carries them around and plays with them . They are difficult to find in my area , so I was pleased to find them online .
 These are my cat 's favorite toy -- bar none ! She 'll play with several at a time . Likes to spread them around the room and then lay in a position so she can watch them all at the same time ! Very cute ! Like they were mice or birds or something ! And they are hard to find locally .
 I have 2 sofa throw pillows with pom poms at each corner . Since my kitten Maisie arrived , pom poms on both cushions are missing at 2 corners . But since she got these Hartz pom poms , she does n't even give the throw pillows the time of day . Carries these around in her mouth , bats them like soccer balls , drops them in the water bowl and sails them like boats . I have mobility/balance issues and use a cane , so I also like them because if I step on them they just crush down instead of causing me to fall .
 Our cats absolutely love these balls . These have been the only `` toys '' that they will play with . I was so upset when our grocery store discontinued them , but am happy to find them online . Our cats play with them all the time !
 Our cats love these pom poms . No store in Omaha carries them anymore so we had to order them . They play with them constantly .
 Our cats still have the red pom pom and one of our cats will not let it go . These are super fun . If stepped on , they hold up very nicely . Besides , our cats sit on these things and play like crazy.We are very excited to be able to purchase another pack for our indoor cats .
 These are great for our cat who loves to play fetch . Just like another reviewer mentioned - our cat taught us that he plays fetch , not the other way around . He looks so funny when he walks around carrying these in his mouth to bring to us . He also plays with them on his own , batting them all over the place until they get lost under a piece of furniture where he can not reach them . He even drops them into the holes of his tunnel and then runs through the end attacking them . Only thing which bothers me is I purchased these in August 2011 -LRB- they are still holding up perfectly -RRB- for just a bit over a couple of bucks but they now are over twice the price I paid .
 I 'm always amazed by what is available on Amazon . This toy was exactly what I was looking for . The cat loves this type of ball more than any other . She plays with them more than any other toy . How can you beat Amazon Prime ? The toy was so cheap and free 2 day shipping .
 My two-year-old Siamese loves these Hartz Pom Poms ! She is an avid fetcher and will bring the ball to me repeatedly so that she can retrieve it.My 7-month old kitten Oliver will chase this ball down the hallway.My 12-year-old Serena will bat this about or hug it close to her.This is a soft , lightweight , pleasing-to-your-cat clothlike material that is perfect for cats who like light-to-medium weight balls to bat about , or to play fetch with.It is a perfect toy for carrying around as `` prey . '' Occasionally in my house it ends up in a water dish , which means someone was having fun!NOTE
 These toys seem to entice all sorts of cats
 These are very simple durable soft balls . I bought these when I was looking for replacements for the balls that came with the Peek-a-Prize toy we purchased for our cats about a year ago . The original Peek-a-Prize balls did not hold up very well , and when inevitable chewing ensued , each broke apart into various sized chunks . I discarded these rubber-like balls immediately after discovering this safety issue . The Hartz Pom Poms are significantly more resistant to chewing and are a great replacement for the Peek-a-Prize balls . These Pom Poms are now favorite toys for our cats both in and out of the Peek-a-Prize box . For our cats , these toys are rivaled only by ping pong balls , Kong catnip squirrels , and CFA mice , all of which I have found to be relatively safe and durable toys for cats .
 Considering my cat thinks he is a dog ; this toy is great ! My cat use to love tennis balls . I got him this toy and now he does n't even play with the tennis ball . This is a really simple cat toy that does a great job entertaining my cat . Also the price is fair .
 Simple and basic cat toy , yet provides tons of entertainment . Our cats love these . So far they have held up really well .
 My cat has tons of fancy toys , yet this is her favorite . She plays fetch with them even since they are easy for her to pick up .
 my cat likes this toy and so do i. it is soft cause it is a small to medium sized ball made out of cotton . so that means i dont have to worry about hurting her when i throw it at her when we play with each other . it also doesnt make a messs so no cleaning up for me . i would recommend this for people who want to buy a toy for their cats . like all toys the cats arent going to be hooked on it and keep them busy forever , but when they do want to play this will make them have fun , as well as the owners cause they can throw them and ricochet them all over the place cause thats what i do .
 Our 2 kittens really like these balls . They are soft and colorful . They enjoy chasing and attacking the balls . We put a few in a card board box with small round holes in each side and the kittens love to bat the balls and try and get them through the holes . They also loke to attack each other as one kitten will go inside the box and the other outside . Both kittens enjoy the balls . They appear well made and are a good value for the money .
 Our 15 year old German Wire-Haired Pointer went into full renal failure 4 weeks ago . She was n't eating and tho drinking no exchange was occuring in the kidneys . She was shaking almost continuously and barely able to stand . Our vet tested and it was renal failure . He told us to go home with her and love her . He expected to see us in 3 days with our final decision , but also recommended that we feed her Rebound Liquid Diet and Rebound Oral Electrolyte Solution -LRB- GatorAde for dogs and cats ! -RRB- He 'd seen miracle FULL renal failure reversal using Rebound and so have we ! She 's eating and leaping around in the snow ! Our hearts leapt with joy for this extra time !
 We keep this on hand for when kitties need an extra boost -LRB- after surgeries , illness , etc -RRB- . We also use it for bottle babies as well .
 I tried the biscuit variety of this product , but my dog did n't like them , so therefore she mostly would n't eat them , therefore , the lawn still had brown spots . I put the liquid in her food , split between the morning and evening feeding , and I have n't seen a new brown spot in a long time -LRB- although I am still patching the old ones -RRB- . A previous reviewer mentioned putting the liquid into their dog 's water . I can understand that not working , as the liquid does n't smell very good . I mix canned food with dry , so that may help my dog get past any objection she might have to the smell or taste of this product .
 It works . My lawn 's brown spots have disappeared . But my dog does n't like the taste ... I do n't like the smell . I mix the liquid with a couple of his doggie biscuits and give it to him between meals . That seems to work and my grass is greener . Now to deal with the dog pooh ...
 We have seen a dramatic improvement in our lawn after the use of this product . We add it to our dogs dry food in the evening feeding and cover the food with water . The result is a gravy that our dogs LOVE ! Amazons price is high , I highly suggest putting the item in to google and searching other places ! LOVE this product !!
 First , I can say that after just a couple of days of wearing this flea collar , i noticed that my Miss B did not have near as many fleas , major reduction in scratching.after another couple of days , the fleas are all almost gone , so i know the collar is killing those pesty fleas !! as the light reflection , well i do see it at night ! i will defintely buy another flea collar like this ! i tryed a spray befor which did not even compare to this collar !!
 i bought both of my boxers these reflective collars because they had fleas and ticks . We love out in the country so our dogs are outside a lot and of course -LRB- when they come in -RRB- bring the little critters back with them ! These collars do work great for keeping the ticks off ... did not find a single one . The fleas were reduced however , they still scratched themselves so I do n't know if it got rid of ALL fleas . If things like Frontline -LRB- which to me is expensive -RRB- are not in your budget ... then these collars are a great alternative to give your dog some relief . My only complaint is that the collar falls off them sometimes . Other than that , my dogs have had NO problems with this collar .
 My cat loves this product and I love my cat . Follow the instructions and you will have a bunch of fresh wheat grass for your kitty in a few days . Although it is packaged for birds , cats love wheat grass also . My only wish is that the container would have been a little heavier so that my cat would have less easily knocked it off the window ledge . But that is really minor .
 The CD is a good idea for teaching a bird to speak , but there are words on it that would never be spoken in our home so why teach them to the bird . I will look through the other choices of CD 's and try to find one with different words .
 The vocals are said in a very dull way . It needs to be said in an interesting way for the bird to want to listen . It consequently has not been useful for my two birds .
 THIS ITEM WORKS WELL FOR SOME PEOPLE BUT IVE FOUND THAT IF YOUR REALLY LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO TEACH YOU PARROT THE BEST THING IS TO BUY YOUR OWN CASSETT RECORDER & MICROPHONE & RECORD YOUR OWN . . THIS WAY YOU CAN TEACH THEM WHAT YOU WANT . !
 Really like this CD . You can choose to repeat whatever phrase you want your bird to say . Or just play the entire CD . Wish some of the phrases provided included the word `` parakeet '' since it includes others such as cockatiel or parrot .
 good cd to teach birds to talk and learn new words . keeps my birds calm while they are home alone .
 I believe this CD will help train any bird that is capable of speaking.Linda from Pennsylvania
 Comes spring time , my chickens always overdo on greens , and then pay with diarrhea . This took care of the problem within about a week . It is not a cure-all , but certainly will work on stomach upsets/diarrhea and/or constipation cases in animals -LRB- and dare I say
 Our local animal rescue uses this powder daily in our cat adoption center . Our veterinarian recommended it to supplement a healthy diet in our cageless shelter . Acidophilus Forte helps cats and dogs with their digestive systems . If your cat or dog has had any history of trouble digesting food , parasites like Coccidia or if you 'd like to supplement their health on a budget , I 'd recommend this product .
 I purchased bene-bac a long time ago when my cat was on antibiotics and then subsequently had diarrhea . I gave him one tube and his stools were back to normal the next day ! We moved and my cat has a case of diarrhea again so I instantly set out to find this for him as my stash of it got lost in the move . The medicine ca n't get here soon enough .
 Overall this is a good collection of animal sounds , most of which would be cute to have a parrot reproduce . Unfortunately , the makers apparently felt it was important to fill the CD up , so there are tracks with a human prounouncing various colors , numbers , and food . Although it is fun to hear a parrot name objects appropriately -LRB- mine asks for Coca-Cola -RRB- , I do n't believe it would be that interesting if she simply belted out `` pears '' without context . My only real complaint with this CD are the painfully silly tracks such as a human saying `` quack , quack , quack ... I 'm a duck '' . Still , there are many high quality animal sounds , and at the end of the day that 's why you should buy this .
 I gave this to my rabbit after he had been on antibiotics . I squirted some on his leafy greens and he did n't seem to notice it was there .
 This stuff keeps my hamster healthy , is easy to apply to treats/food , and the hamster loves the taste . I highly recommend this product to any small-animal owner .
 We have 3 beagles and use these muzzles in cold weather when we let them out - keeps them from eating yard debris and other worse items . They fit well and go on and off easily .
 This is the second purchase of this muzzle . Used on a daily basis it has been durable .
 I purchased this cd in a local pet store , and it 's great ! There are 96 words/phrases/sounds as well as two extra `` spacing '' tracks - these are either 1 minute or 5 minute in length , which you can use to space time between tracks . For example , you can select the word/phrase -LRB- i.e. track 43 It 's Time to Get Up -RRB- which says the phrase , and then has 10 seconds of blank time after the phrase , you can then program track 98 -LRB- 5 minute spacing track -RRB- , multiple times in a row , and then select repeat all . That way , you will have the phrase repeated regularly , but in a bird-friendly/safe way.Some words and phrases included : Go Clean your room , I like finger foods , Walk the plank , Old Macdonald had a farm -LRB- whistled -RRB- , Friends dont let friends own cats , Get me some food quick , Where 's me rum , Shall I answer ? , The phone is ringing , What 's that smell , What 's wrong with you ? , I am fine , How are you ? , How was your day ? etc. ... not all of the phrases are done in the pirate voice . There 's also a female voice who says a lot of the phrases too -LRB- not very excitedly in my opionin , but she does speak clearly -RRB- Also this cd contains a number of tracks that are simply different noises -LRB- sometimes birds will respond better to various noises and may encourage them to talk -RRB- These sounds include
 I do not like this some people might , I did n't know it was pirates phashes.I will sent it back for something else .
 Feathered Phonics held my cockatiels attention the first time he heard it , after that , it was a little boring for him . The learning structure does not hold their attention . Maybe more lively music and sounds would help . All in all , it is a good product , if used with other bird sound products .
 I was very pleased with the cd when I received it . The voice is very clear and there is no background noise that can distract a bird . I would recommend this cd to anyone wishing to teach their bird to sing .
 THIS IS A GREAT ITEM TO KEEP YOUR PARROT ENTERTAINED WHEN YOUR AWAY AT WORK BUT . ! IF YOU HAVE THE TIME AND YOU WANT TO TEACH YOUR PARROT SPECIFIC THINGS I STRONGLY SUGGEST BUYING A CASSETT RECORDER WITH HAND HELD MICROPHONE AND MAKE RECORDINGS MORE SPECIFIC . . FOR YOUR OWN PREFERENCES AS TO WHAT YOU WANT YOUR PAROTT TO LEARN ...
 I buy this product for my dog who I have to cook chicken and brown rice for and I think it helps a lot to keep her pancreatic attacks to a minimum . It contains probiotics and pancreatic enzymes .10 / 3/2011 Update
 This product has been very helpful for my French Bulldog who has a sensitive stomach . We used to give him lactobacillus about once every 10 days after which the gas would be terrible for 24 hours or so . Fastrack has eliminated the need for lactobacillus supplements and has limited the amount of gas . Be forewarned -- your dog may experience an increase in gas in the first day or two after starting Fastrack or any other probiotics . This is because the probiotics are working to get the digestive tract balanced . The gas is produced when the bad stuff is dying off . It will go away once the tract is in balance -LRB- a day or two -RRB- . This size bottle lasted us almost a year for a 28 lb . dog.Note
 This probiotic supplement works wonders for my Irish Wolfhound . I highly recommend for anyone with a dog who has a sensitive stomach .
 This was recommended by our breeder when we picked up our 8-week old Weimaraner . We have fed him these microbials 1x daily for his first six months and have had excellent results .
 although it is a little pricey , it is the best shampoo I have used on my dogs . Particularly if they have dry skin . It leaves their hair very soft . Try it and you will never buy another brand ...
 My dog hates this -LRB- and every other -RRB- diaper . But if he 'd learn not to pee inside , it would n't be a problem . For the most part , this diaper succeeds in REMINDING him that he does n't want to go in the house . -LRB- He 's not old or infirm , just stubborn . -RRB- And if he forgets , the rug is saved . If you get one , you need two , so you can put the second on while the first is in the wash . This wrap diaper does affect his gait in some way that he struggles to get up the stairs when it 's on . He 's only about 22 lbs . and wears the medium . We put a woman 's pad inside .
 Our dog will not stop marking his territory in the house . He would lift his leg on everything , couch , tables , bed , you name it . This would frustrate us like crazy and we thought about taking him back to the shelter . What else were we going to do ? He hates being outside for more than an hour so I could n't see him as an outdoor dog . I could n't stand the smell of urine in my house anymore so we went to Petsmart and found this product . At first I thought no way he 'd wear it , he wo n't wear any dog clothing , he hates that kind of stuff . To my surprise he only bit at the wrap a few times and that 's it . He wears it just fine and our problem is solved !! What a lifesaver ! Yes it 's kind of a pain to put on sometimes but worth being able to keep our dog and have a house that does n't smell like dog urine . I highly recommend this . My dog is small to medium size and about 15 pounds - he wears a size medium in this `` Simple Solutions '' wrap and it fits great . I recommend the wraps like this one with the elastic because it keeps the wrap over the dog 's genitals at all times , never slips off ! My dog does not seem uncomfortable at all .
 Our 13 year old cockapoo has incontinence problems , especially as we are about to go out and have to use an elevator to get out from our condo . So , this wrap is terrific . The medium fits him with no problems . He is 20 pounds , and it pulls tight enough to ensure no leaks . The Velcro is so strong , that it takes 2 hands to pull it off once we get outside.For best results , and to minimize the need for washing , we use 2 super maxi pads as liners . This way is he starts to go , we can let him finish , then pull off the wrap , and remove the liners before it gets to the wrap.So long as you position the wrap correctly , it does not leak . So , human error is the only problem here , not product at all.We highly recommend this product .
 I have a 12 yr old Yorkie , who has had to have multiple bladder stone removal surgeries . After each surgery he has a couple of months that he has accidents . This wrap has made the recovery process much more tolerable . Although , I was very surprised that the wrap was a bit tight , since my Yorkie only weighs 5 lbs .
 Very usefulI find this the best thing ever because I tried the diapers he would just ripe them apart.The cloth diapers hurt him and he got a rash . But this male wrap is great .
 Very good product that works . Panty liners are not sufficient for my dog ; we had seepage . A sanitary napkin with wings will work best . I am going to have a couple on hand so that when one needs to be washed , another is available .
 My 13 year old dog -LRB- 60 lb . retriever mix -RRB- lost the use of his hind legs and became completely incontinent . These wraps -LRB- in size L -RRB- really saved the day for me . For heavy urine absorption I use a size 6 -LRB- over 35 lb . -RRB- diaper as a liner . Do n't bother with thin liners or any feminine pads if your dog is completely incontinent . They simply are not designed to absorb the amount of liquid that a urinating dog produces . And the diapers can hold an amazing amount of liquid without leaking . They also keep the wetness away from the dog 's skin fairly well . I sprinkle a little Johnson 's cornstarch baby powder -LRB- with aloe & vitamin e -RRB- in the diaper before putting in on the dog . To secure the diaper , I fold over the tabs on each end of the diaper to the outside and tape them together . Yes , it is a big ole diaper , but the wrap can sometimes shift a bit as the dog moves - it 's nice to be confident that ` everything 's covered ' . I gave this wrap a 4 star rating because of the placement of the velcro strips . This would be a better product if the velcro strips were sewn on in the opposite direction - along each side of the wrap . This would allow for adjustment to a wider variety of girth shapes .
 We have been using the Simple Solution wraps for the last four years on our male dog who has never quite learned to not mark inside the house . These wraps work very well and he has gotten used to wearing at all times inside . He still has accidents inside the wrap occasionally so be prepared to buy two or three so some can be washed . They seem to last about one year before losing elasticity or the material being licked apart . Our dog is 50 pounds and uses a large size .
 My little dog is a rescue from the spca . He is 4 years old and had a poor start in life . He is having trouble holding his urine while I am at work even though I have a dog walker to come and walk him during the day . My home was beginning to smell of urine pretty badly . The dog walker suggested this wrap . I have 3 of them now and love them . I put a sanitary pad inside to collect the urine and keep him dry . Then when soiled , I throw them in the washer and dryer and they clean up beautifully . My dog and I are both happy . I would recommend this product for urine problems in dogs .
 I love this product ! My pomeranian has no problem wearing this wrap . Both my dog and myself are more at ease . The only suggestion that I have is to make sure that the wrap is n't too small for your pet . I bought size small , -LRB- for up to 14 pounds as I recall -RRB- , and it fits tight . My dog is only 6 pounds . I shaved his hair a bit for a better fit . Next time I will get medium . None the less ... buy this product ! Your dog and you will be able to relax !!!
 After reading the reviews I was a little skeptical but decided to go ahead and give the male wrap a try . After all , I 've tried everything else and my 17 month old yorkie male still hikes on everything from my walls to my garbage can and even my dishwasher . He is very protective and very territorial . I absolutely love this product and would give it 10 stars if I could . My male yorkie still trys to hike but the wrap , paired with a women 's overnight maxi , catches it all . When you 're done just throw the maxi in the trash and toss the wrap in the wash . Simple as that . I only wish I had known about these sooner . They would have saved me alot of trouble , clean-up , and frustration ! Needless to say , my dog and I are both much happier !
 My dog is disabled and this wrap is a Godsend . Without it I would n't be able to keep my dogs diapers in place . This product has made a near impossible situation workable .
 our dog marked frequently even when we were home . we use this when we are with him and when we leave him alone . he does n't object to wearing it , and it reminds him to not mark . i 'm ordering a total of 3 , so there can be one in the wash , one one him and one waiting .
 I mean it is diaper ! It looks so funny to watch a dog in diaper ! If I knew it was this funny I would have bought him this diaper a long time ago whether he needed it or not . My dog is potty trained but when he gets excited he tinkles everywhere -LRB- he is still a pup -RRB- . Quality seems good ; havnt had to wash it yet ; fast shipping ; dog is confused about what is going on ; he has stood MILITARY still for about 2 hours . He wont move to anything not even treats . We bought the teal one . The stitching seems good ; but its hard to tell until its washed .
 I have bought two of this product , is awesome for my husband and me because we always travel with or two dogs , the are trained to use the training pads , but the accidents always happen and to avoid over charge in our hotel 's bill for pee stains over the carpet , the always wearing this wrap in the hotel 's room , and is much more easy using them with womens pads and in this way I do not need to wash them by while . High recommend this wrap to everyone travel with your dogs .
 The large size fits my medium size dog pretty well . We 've found that a size 1 baby diaper -LRB- with tabs pulled off -RRB- fits perfectly inside it and around my dog 's boy parts - and rarely leaks . He seems to like it better than peeing around the house because he waits patiently for me to put it on him and is sleeping better . We do what we have to when our loved ones get old , right?I only gave it 4 stars because there is virtually no absorbency without a liner of some sort and the sizing seems really small to me . But with the diaper , it 's perfect !
 The XL size I chose was great for my son 's golden retriever . The dog quickly got used to it and , of course , my son is very pleased .
 My little boy pees when he 's excited or scared . Which is a huge problem because he gets excited & scared all the time . Size small is perfect for him , he 's 8lbs . It holds all his pee without any liners . He also loves to wear it ! I seriously think it gives him confidence :-RRB- He has n't had an accident in 4 days ! Now he can hang out on the couch and hang out with visitors . I recommend this to anyone with a small dog because I know it will work for them for sure .
 I bought two of these in size medium for my elderly sheltie who suffered from prostate infections -LRB- turned out to be cancer -RRB- , and they were one of the best purchases I 've ever made . They worked perfectly for us , although our little guy was extremely tolerant of being handled and wearing things , so he never tried to mess with the wrap , and acted like it was n't even there.I bought `` heavy '' or `` overnight '' feminine pads at the grocery store WITH WINGS , the wings are very important , and used those as liners . They 're wide , and worked great when my little boy just had little drippies . When he was really sick and really let go in his diaper , that 's where Tena Serenity for Men bladder pads were necessary . If your boy dog really * goes * in his diaper , or is a bigger dog with more volume , those Tena Serenity Men pads were heaven-sent . They 're sort of a triangle shape , so if your boy dog 's * ahem * shifts from one side to the other , you are covered no matter what . With feminine pads , if you 've got a volume of pee , and your boy dog is n't * perfectly * centered on the pad , you 're gon na have some denim diaper washing to do.I 've put these denim diaper-wraps in the dryer , they came out just fine.Amazon has THE best price on these doggie wraps .
 I have a territorial 11 month old Yorkshire Terrier . I had to wait to have him neutered because he had to have surgery for a liver shunt . He discovered the joys of marking and thought he owned everything in my house , from the front of my refrigerator and stove to my shoes and vacuum . He 's housebroken . He 's just bent on total house domination . This diaper garment combined with a regular sanitary pad and my house is mine again . The size small fits my little 4.7 pound guy perfectly and he does n't mind wearing it . He actually seems to be less inclined to try to mark while wearing it . I bought a few more so I can have some in reserves.Another reviewer mentioned that the one they got does n't seem to provide adequate coverage , or does n't stay put . I 'm wondering if maybe they need a smaller size ? My Yorkie is a very active dog and spends lots of time rough housing with his 90 pound Rottweiler sister , and it does n't come loose or move around .
 This wrap works great with thin overnight sanitary pads . Holds the urine and keeps the wall/carpet dry when I ca n't keep an eye on my little terrier every second . He does n't urinate alot when he does . . just the size of a nickle on the pad -LRB- ya he is marking . . not having to go -RRB- so it really saves the house from smelling like urine when these tiny spots add up . Hopefully someday I will get him to stop marking . . neutering as a pup has not prevented his desire to claim all.If you are considering between sizes . . do get the larger size . . my dog is 17lbs and the medium just fits him perfect after the initial washing that is reccomended .
 I had very serious doubts about this working . I have an Australian Shepherd and bought the large size even though he technically was at the upper end of what the criteria was for a size medium . Glad I did , because it does shrink some in the dryer . We have not had one accident since we got it . It is very comfortable on him -LRB- not binding -RRB- and he does not mind it at all . It only took about one minute for him to get over the oddness of having it on . He 's worn it every day since we got it . I put female thin maxi pads in it . Truthfully though I have only had to change the pad once ! Because he has the wrap on , he waits to pee until we take him outside . He has the OPTION to pee if he ca n't hold it . he can `` go '' into the wrap/diaper if he needs to , but he chooses not to . The great thing is that he isnt having accidents and marking all over the place . it was terrible , our new carpet was being ruined by him -LRB- he 's 15 years old -RRB- . This may sound drastic , but this diaper wrap has SAVED THE DAY and allowed us to NOT consider putting him to sleep . Things were looking dire before I found this . he was peeing in the new house all the time . This is for male dogs only and fits perfectly over their `` anatomy '' on their lower tummy . I recommend buying two so that if one is in the laundry , you have a spare . We 've been getting by fine with one , but I think a spare would be more ideal . I wish I had found this 6 MONTHS ago ! If your dog is borderline , buy the next larger size !
 When I recently moved back in with my Mother for a few months , I brought my extremely dominant male dog along as well . The male markings he was making were numerous and causing my mother and I to go crazy ! This male garment was my sanity keeper ! It has been the greatest help . Although you might have to wash it a lot -LRB- depending how often he urinates -RRB- I could ` nt have asked for a better product . I do ; however , put feminine napkins inside the garment for extra protection . Otherwise , It 's great , I totally recommend it if you hate cleaning up pee every five seconds !! YUK !!
 What a lifesaver -LRB- for my dogs -RRB- ! Could n't get them to stop urinating on the floors , my goal was to catch them at it and their goal was to sneak a leak without getting caught , guess who won . These are easy to put on and to pull off when I put them outside . No more puddles on my floors.Thought I had `` lost that lovin feeling '' , but now its come back . Highly recommend these if you also have a rebellious dog .
 Even tho the original I got was too small , the large fits my 13 year old Male American Bulldog , I 've found it works best for him using the smallest size `` baby '' diapers , they hold sooooo much more liquid than the pads you can get.He has prostrate cancer , and poor baby leaks ALL the time and even more so when he lies down , he did figure out how to wriggle out of his `` diaper wrap '' which is funny to watch , but all in all this product works fine .
 I bought this product after buying one from Petco . The product is great but be careful because they do shrink a bit . I had bought the small and it shrunk . I Then bought the medium from Amazon and got a fabulous deal , less than half the price and free shipping ! The medium was quite a bit larger but I pinned them to fit and they work great , my dog loves them and my house is now dry . They stay in place , wash easily and are easy to put on . My dog get excited because he knows he can roam freely in the house with it on and not be corraled to stop the accidents . I love these things !
 First , the sizing shown on the Amazon website is different from the sizing shown on the product package . The package says that small is for dogs up to 15 lb with a 9-13 inch waist . Medium is 15-45 , with a 13-21 inch waist . Large is for 45-90 lb dogs with a 21-30 inch waist and x-large is 90-120 lbs . with a 30-32 inch waist . On the product page on the Amazon website , the x-large is said to be for dogs 55 to 120 pounds and waist size of 22 to 40 inches.I have been buying the x-large for my dog who is about 50-55 pounds with a 28 inch waist . Maybe I should be buying the large , and the large might do a better job.Even so , I am happy with the product and have purchased four in all , all in the x-tra large.Bearing in mind that I might be buying the wrong size , and the correct size might do a better job , I still would recommend this product.This product essentially is a long denim rectangle with a flannel lining . It has elastic on the long ends and sturdy velcro strips on the short ends . There is a pad in the middle which is pretty leak-proof . If I had a complaint , it would be the size of this pad , which is about four inches by six for the x-tra large -LRB- guestimate-I did n't measure -RRB- . You are supposed to place a disposable pad over this area . Based on the suggestions of other reviewers , I did not buy the pads that are recommended . Instead , I have been using the Tena Male Serenity Guards as recommended by another reviewer . I thank him/her for the suggestion.With the disposable pad or guard in place , the wrap is then placed around the dog and fastened with the velcro strips . Make sure you cover the appropriate area.With the x-tra large , it does bunch up and gather at both ends , but I have opted to remain with this size primarily because it does not appear to bind and make the dog uncomfortable . He does n't LOVE wearing it , but he does n't hate it , either , and I have never seen him try to take it off . I also clean his underside as needed.Sometimes , there has been a very significant leak which has shown up on my floor in rather long trails . This has only happened twice in a span of a month . However , I believe that I probably did not place the wrap correctly since the disposable guard itself was virtually unaffected.Usually , if the urination is moderate , there might be a little dampness by the edge . Sometimes , there is no leakage at all . If the urination is heavy , unfortunately , there might be a lot of dampness , but I have only been able to find the guards for `` moderate '' leakage , so it might not be the wrap that is the problem.Regardless , it beats the cleaning up I used to have to do . A little leak or dampness every now and then is a lot easier to clean than a trail several times a day . -LRB- My dog has Cushing 's , a symptom of which is frequent urination . -RRB- The instructions say that it is machine washable but it should be hung dry . However , it takes a LONG time to dry because it is not made of thin materials . I ended up using the dryer , and so far , it 's been fine . When it gets warmer , I will try hanging them and see how that works.The bottom line -- is it perfect ? No . Maybe some of my complaints would disappear if I bought the smaller size and it did n't have so much bunching -LRB- allowing for leaks -RRB- , but I am very happy with this product . I still take the dog out , without the wrap , of course , very frequently , as I would rather not have him urinate on the pad . But his timing is n't always regular or compatible with my schedule , so honestly , it has been a real stress-reliever for me . I had resisted buying `` doggie diapers '' for months ; now I wonder why I did . I was afraid my dog would be `` humiliated , '' but he does n't seem so .
 I have an older Lhasa Apso who began peeing randomly and seemed to quit barking to let me know he needed to go outside . I began to look for him a new home because it was such a problem until I found this product and thought I 'd give it a try . I honestly expected my dog to chew it off , but he has n't . I put a feminine pad in it to help with extra absorption . If my dog happens to pee a lot and the pee leaks from the pad onto the wrap , I throw it in the washer and dryer and it 's good to go . I no longer have to clean up pee multiple times a day . It 's great !
 I ordered this for our toy poodle who is getting older . Fortunately , the wrap has been absorbent enough on its own for his needs , as he usually only wears it at night . We have not needed any additional pads as other reviewers have indicated . We thought for sure he would not like wearing it , however he has yet to acknowledge that it 's even on him . We received the item only a few days after ordering which was a giant plus for us . One thing to note before ordering is size . I originally ordered a size Small and it was significantly too small for our 10-lb toy poodle . We ended up ordering a size Medium for him . It fits pretty good circumference wise , however it is a little too big for him as it covers a larger area than needed . Even though it is slightly too large for him , there has been no leaks . I would have rated it 5 stars other than that .
 I purchased these male wraps for two dogs . One is losing control and the other likes to mark his territory ANYWHERE !! These do the trick and stay on without worry of falling off . Because of volume , I use the womens pads to line the inside . They wash up very well time after time .
 I bought this product because of a marking issue . Worked great , until my dog tore it off and chewed it up .
 I used this for my 15yr old lab Bailey who has since left me sadly in October of 2011 . This was the best thing I came across to use for his little drip issue we were having . I just remodeled and I wanted to be comfortable and I wanted him to be comfortable as well . Bailey knew he had an issue as he tried constantly to clean up after himself , I started using this and he was so much happier ! Now a few pointers !! I used Poise Ultra Absorbent people pads inside and they were fantastic VS the Simple Solutions pads which sadly were terrible and a total waste of money . Simple Solution pads are just over priced expensive Kotex pads that could not handle the amount of urine that can occur unlike the Poise pads , remember this is what Poise pads are used for . You should get the ones that fit how much you dog drips so it may take some experimenting my dog was large so mine were the most absorbent I could get . Great thing is you can get them in-store and on sale almost anywhere!I bought baby wipes to wipe him down and keep him clean , remember it is the same concept as a baby wearing a diaper and sitting in it , I did n't want to risk any infection . No alcohol!Make sure you measure your dog , to tight can cause a lot of chafing !! Mine was the right size but I ended up sewing micro-fiber cloth on the elastic part where the material scrunched up as this was causing chafing behind his manly area . He was not use to anything rubbing his skin in that area and the material is pretty stiff . I had to leave it off till it healed and sadly I never had the chance to see if the microfiber would have relieved the problem . Make sure you check your dog to make sure this is not occurring due to some dogs have a higher tolerance to pain . It would be great if they could use a softer material in the elastic area . I wish they were a tad cheaper in price , I did purchase one at Petsmart and the other on Ebay for a fraction of the cost , if you do n't mind used -LRB- they are washed !! -RRB- it 's a deal ! I would recommend but def do some shopping as they are not cheap !
 I bought this for my dogs -- it 's working pretty well . The only downside is that it tends to slip , either up or down , depending on what the dog is doing . However , it 's been a good and reasonably cheap solution to my older pug going widdles on the couch . Used with Tena pads -- the men 's version .
 Ordered a medium size and it barely fits my 16 lb . dachshund or my 22 lb . miniature poodle.I like the elastic sides , but if you are on a budget , you can buy them from ebay in lots of 3 -LRB- or singly -RRB- for less .
 I bought for my 20 lb Bichon dog . He `` marks '' when no one is looking . This size -LRB- med -RRB- fit him perfect , it came in a pretty teal blue color ! I used a size 2 Luv 's diaper , to put inside , and wrap this diaper around it . Perfect fit ! I bought 3 , so I have spares when washing is needed .
 This wrap it 's awesome for small doggies . I live an apartment and I can not take my babies out more than one time a day and with this wrap I do not have to worry about any mess on the floor . I use it with women maxi-pads and it 's work perfect . You can buy the package of 10 pads for $ 1.00 at the dollar stores.Victor
 I have a 14-year-old Maltese who started having issues about a year ago with urinating wherever he happened to be standing . Several times a day I was dragging out the mop and cleaning up his `` accidents '' . He had been sentenced to staying in the kitchen , since it 's easier to mop tile that to clean carpet . I discovered Simple Solution Washable Male Wrap , and it has been a life-changing event . I tried the wrap with the liners / pads made by Simple Solution , but these are nothing more that cheap maxi-pads . They leak around the edges , and do n't hold much urine . Even more expensive maxi-pads had some leak problems . They are n't made for capturing urine or to hold the volume that even a small dog can generate during the course of 4 to six hours . I started using Poise Maximum Absorbency Pads -LRB- Regular Length -RRB- as liners for the wrap , and they are perfect . They wick moisture away from his skin , so there is n't as much potential for a rash , and they hold a large amount of urine without leaks . The best part of all this is that the wrap / liner does not cause my dog any stress . He goes about his day - eating , drinking , sleeping , exploring the deck - without seeming to even notice that he 's wearing a belly wrap . And my mop does n't get nearly as much action as it used to . I bought two of the wraps , so that if one is being washed , there is a second available for him to wear . I highly recommend this product !
 I ordered 2 of this for a dog I have rescued out of the shelter we are working on housebreaking but he still has accidents they work great and it is less stressful at our household .
 Finally ! Something that stops my chihuahua from marking EVERYTHING in the house ! He does not like the feeling of having a wet band , so he has basically stopped urinating inside altogether ! I love this band , and it has held up well to repeated washing ! The small fit him really well , and was not too loose or too tight , he is about 6 lbs . We call them his diapers and line them with pantyliners.Upperdate
 It 's good for male dogs that have n't been fixed . Mine likes to mark continuously & this catches it . It 's also nice not to worry about him having accidents when I 'm outta the house .
 The product was completely as advertised and functioned well but our dog chewed up the outer material very quickly . The inner mesh has held up better and the wrap still does the job .
 We have a 12 year old Cairn Terrier that had surgery for bladder polyps and stones last spring . He never quite regained his ability to know ahead of time when he &#34; had to go &#34; and would not make it to the back door before he had an accident . I use this with the TENA Heavy pads and he does n't mind it at all .
 We have a cocker spaniel that has anxiety/excitement issues . We were at wits end and were hesitant to take him on trips . These wraps work excellent and were the perfect size for about a 30 pound dog . They are easy to put on .
 The item arrived in good shape and in the time frame promised . i was a little disappointed in the fit and bulkiness but I guess you cant expect every dog to be shaped the same . :o-RRB- They did the job .
 Bought for an aging male westie . Works really well with men 's urinary pads.Much easier than training pads all over the house !
 I used this for my 15yr old lab Bailey who has since left me sadly in October of 2011 . This was the best thing I came across to use for his little drip issue we were having . I just remodeled and I wanted to be comfortable and I wanted him to be comfortable as well . Bailey knew he had an issue as he tried constantly to clean up after himself , I started using this and he was so much happier ! Now a few pointers !! I used Poise Ultra Absorbent people pads inside and they were fantastic VS the Simple Solutions pads which sadly were terrible and a total waste of money . Simple Solution pads are just over priced expensive Kotex pads that could not handle the amount of urine that can occur unlike the Poise pads , remember this is what Poise pads are used for . You should get the ones that fit how much you dog drips so it may take some experimenting my dog was large so mine were the most absorbent I could get . Great thing is you can get them in-store and on sale almost anywhere!I bought baby wipes to wipe him down and keep him clean , remember it is the same concept as a baby wearing a diaper and sitting in it , I did n't want to risk any infection . No alcohol!Make sure you measure your dog , to tight can cause a lot of chafing !! Mine was the right size but I ended up sewing micro-fiber cloth on the elastic part where the material scrunched up as this was causing chafing behind his manly area . He was not use to anything rubbing his skin in that area and the material is pretty stiff . I had to leave it off till it healed and sadly I never had the chance to see if the microfiber would have relieved the problem . Make sure you check your dog to make sure this is not occurring due to some dogs have a higher tolerance to pain . It would be great if they could use a softer material in the elastic area . I wish they were a tad cheaper in price , I did purchase one at Petsmart and the other on Ebay for a fraction of the cost , if you do n't mind used -LRB- they are washed !! -RRB- it 's a deal ! I would recommend but def do some shopping as they are not cheap !
 We had been using Pooch Pads on our poodle who will hold it all day if you put him in a cage but will pee in the house if he is not in the cage . Pooch pads worked great but I only have two of them cause they cost more and I have been washing them EVERY SINGLE DAY because they are to thick to put a feminine pad or diaper in ... so I bought the Simple Solutions Male Wrap and our poodle likes them much better , they are very light weight but still washable and waterproof and roomy enough to fit an off brand cheap baby diaper -LRB- cheap diapers do n't work well on human babies but they do the trick for the dog -RRB- , I just tear off the sides with the tabs on the diaper and pop it in the Simple Solutions to solve the problem of washing dog wraps everyday ! No need to pin or hook to the wrap , the diaper just stays in place because the wrap has elastic on both sides so the diaper does n't go any where . LOVE THESE MALE WRAPS ... making life easy and Teddy does n't have to stay in the cage when we leave the house , he is happy and we are too !!
 My 16 y/o Lhasa has grown increasingly incontinent over the last year , and sadly it 's come to having him wear a diaper at all times while indoors . This is n't a perfect product , but I use them in conjunction with Always Maximum Protection Maxi with Flexi-Wings , which are designed for girls size 14 + , so they 're wide enough to span across both sides of the diaper , giving pretty ample coverage . The only problem is that as the dog moves around or shifts in his sleep , the pad sometimes bunches up and ends up in not quite the perfect position to catch the urine , so the wrap itself sometimes gets soaked . The wrap does a pretty decent job of absorbing the urine , but be warned that they 're not THAT absorbent , and the urine will soak through to the outside . This is the best system I 've come up with to deal with my aging dog . I initially bought two , but I 'm always washing them so I 've just bought 4 more.The dog does n't seem to mind them so much now , but initially he was confused by it and walked a little funny for a day or two.Always Maximum Protection Maxi with Flexi-Wings , 24-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB-
 We do dog rescues through Westie Rescue . The rescues come with many problems - many are not neutered - and they are nervous . The first thing males want to do is mark this new strange territory . We use the medium size for adult male Westies . The wrap is easy to use and very well tolerated . A feminine pad helps reduce laundry . A must for those dogs who tend to `` save a little '' -LRB- or save a lot ! -RRB- for indoor use .
 The large diaper wrap was a little tight on my dog even with the velcro at the widest setting , and I was worried that the elastic might chafe him . The extra large size is REALLY big , though . I went back to the large size without a liner , and found that because the diaper has a flannel interior lining it works fine without any additional pad-type liner -LRB- my old dog does n't leak much , just has trouble in the morning when he first gets up -RRB- . I 've got some non-elastic diaper bands in fun fabrics that I keep him in during the day -LRB- just in case -RRB- and I overnight him in the Simple Solutions elastic pants . They are the only brand I trust to leave him in overnight because they do n't leak .
 Great product . My dog has excitable urination and it can be a bit of a hassle to deal with & it 's something a lot of people do n't understand . I 've tried using the dog diapers for the times I know he 'll have an accident but he was always able to wiggle it off no matter what I did and you could tell it was extremely uncomfortable for Hume to walk in . I decided to try the wrap figuring I have nothing to lose . First time I tried it I loved it ! It stays in place , my dog is more comfortable and most important no accidents on the floor ! I definitely recommend this to anyone training a puppy still or a dog like mine who gets entirely to excited around people !!
 When my dog became `` leaky '' I would use the disposable dog diapers which are like Pampers . But they took a lot of work . This washable wrap takes much les time . As other people here , I found the Simple Solutions disposable pad to be inadequate . So I 've been using overnight menstrual pads , though I just read another review by someone using `` Poise '' pads made for human female incontinence.Note
 My 18 month old 80 lb Newfoundland mix has a health issue that causes him to leak urine . I researched various products and decided to try the Simple Solution Male Wrap in Large . It fits Tug perfectly . I bought two and wash them in the sink with soapy water and then air dry -- so easy . They can also be washed in a machine on the gentle cycle . You 'll definitely want to use these with a pad placed inside . Winged maximum absorbency feminine pads seem to work much better than the pads that Simple Solution makes . Tug is energetic and loves to play fetch , and these wraps stay in place even on his lanky body ! And he does n't notice he 's wearing one . This wonderful product is saving his bedding and my carpets ! They make the leaking so much easier to deal with . I 've posted pictures of Tug wearing his wrap .
 Our Fox Terrier developed kidney disease last year . By Winter our floors were being destroyed and dangerous because they were wet . I was beginning to think that we would have to get rid of our pet . I bought Jack 's 1st Simple Solutions band at the pet store and the second through Amazon . They 're not perfect , but have solved about 95 % of the problem . The large size works for our 24lb dog - which is not what the package recommends . If your pet has a large rib cage , I recommend going larger . I also have tried everything from sanitary pads to toddler diapers folded inside the band . Presently I 've settled on folded terry cloth hand towels - which seems to work the best . I wash them and the band and they 're good to go again .
 I have a female in her first heat , and a male who will not leave her alone . The wrap works wonderfully , and I coupled it with prissy pants for her . . Best purchase in the world . . I just wish the wrap did n't scrunch as much , but I have n't found a better one out there . . They can finally play together when I am around , and they are happy . .
 These diapers were a blessing for us with our sweet 15 year old beagle . He did not mind them at all and they worked to prevent accidents when he started having problems . You really do need to put them in the washer -LRB- hand washing left a musty smell -RRB- and they tolerate being put in the dryer , too , with some shrinkage . We bought the puppy pee pads -LRB- or whatever elegant name they are called , cut those to fit inside the diaper , and so did not have to wash these every day . In fact , we washed them every other day -LRB- OR when we forgot and let him outside in our fenced back yard WEARING one-DUH ! -RRB- . You will probably want to have a couple of them so when one is in the wash , you are still able to have one . The vet prescribed medicine for us that helped , too , so if your older dog becomes incontinent -LRB- age related -RRB- , there is relatively inexpensive pharmacological help , too .
 I would recommend this for any owner of a Senior male dog experiencing incontinence . Our husky does not have full blown accidents just some minor leaking where you can see a little drip trail in the house . When he comes in the house we easily put the wrap on and with the velcro it is very easy and he does n't mind it at all . It does not look like he is wearing a diaper either . The only he does not like is the sound of the velcro when we remove it so he can go back outside . It has saved us from constantly cleaning up after him and worrying about our floors and carpets . It is not his fault - definitely recommend this product . Just buy disposable thin feminine pads to line the inside and save on more frequent washings .
 We had a problem with our old dog not being able to control his bladder anymore . These work great , although I have to put one of my baby 's diapers inside as a waterproof liner . They stay in place very well with only a little adjustment once in a while to make sure it 's covering the appropriate location . Definitely buy one size larger than you think you need . We have a 35lb Beagle and he wears the Large size - the Medium we originally bought was too small after washing .
 `` Simple Solutions '' male dog diapers are absolutely great . We are dog-sitting and the dogs are not used to our home . These absorb when they try to mark their spots . No problem diapers really work . Wash and reuse .
 I have about 5 of these and they work well for my dog 's issues but they do n't hold absorption as good as I 'd hoped . Also the absorption pad all together does n't stay together very long . I have to put a real diaper inside of them now to hold absorption .
 Simple Solutions has helped us to keep our dog from spraying on the walls , furniture and potted plants . With the help of a pee pad inside the diagper , we have no problems with the diaper being saturated and no leaks from his attempts to pee in the house . After five years , we had to replace the orignal Simple Solutions we bought !
 Our 55 pound , male samoyed actually leaves it on ! And , he only tried to mark in the house once -LRB- in 3 days ! -RRB- It fits perfectly , is much wider than the belly band -LRB- but the belly band works just as good for us -RRB- . Love it !!!
 I ordered this because I have two Shih Tzus , they are brothers . One is very good and waits until I walk him to relieve himself , or he lets me know he has to go out . The other one , however , does n't . I got this for the one who would literally relieve himself in the house if I was five minutes late to walk them . Sometimes I would even walk them and he would still relieve himself inside.Now the `` naughty '' brother wears this when I 'm not home or at night , and he 's learning that he has to wait sometimes , and that I will take him out so he can go.He 's wet himself a couple of times , and is learning that if he does n't wait , he gets a wet diaper . I also found out that it does in fact get softer and more absorbent as its washed.I wish I knew about this sooner !
 This product has saved my carpets and furniture ! My yorkie is 13lbs and a medium fits him perfect . The small was too tight and he couldnt walk with it on . It is blue with velcro that keeps it in place and seems comfy and soft for him . I have tried everything to stop him from marking up my house and this was much needed ! I have extra ones so that when one is in the washer/dryer he will always have one on him . I first found this at petsmart but they are never in stock and I needed more ! Petco has a darker bluejean material one but they do not stay in place like these do !
 Fits wonderfully and works great with a maxi pad . Would not recommend using it without one , as it does n't absorb large amounts of urine . Soft t-shirt material comfortable to wear and does n't cause sores from daily use . Stays in place . Heavy-duty Velcro . Outlasted other brands I have had in the past . Recommend having several at your disposal for the leg-lifter in your life .
 Wrap up cleaning up after your male dog . This product is great ! Our dog does n't mind wearing it . The first night , he made a big mess in it . It held everything . No leaking ! Now that he knows what he is wearing , he has very few accidents in it . Saves him from being in the kennel at night and saves me time from cleaning up after him . I purchased two more to have on hand . Only thing is that I wished they came in different colors . A dog has to be fashionable too -- lol .
 I too have one of the old `` denim '' wraps , and the new one seems the same as the old , other than the color . I think the new version may be a little stiffer , but it 's hard to say , since the denim one has been washed and worn quite a bit more . It does its job well and was exactly what I was expecting to receive !
 this product is easy to us and effective on male dogs to keep them for marking there territory . it was exactly as stated in the add and arrived quickly .
 My dog would only pee in the house when we were gone , so this works wonderful ! He does not mind wearing it .
 Our 100 pound White German Shepherd is going to be 15 this summer and became incontinent a few months ago . We tried various dog diapers , including a pricey , full body apron style one , and came back to the wrap . I do n't think we could have managed the situation without these diapers , so we are pretty satisfied overall . We wash them after every single urination , because the cloth absorbs the odors . We have 5 wraps and that has worked out ok .
 We set up play dates with a visiting male dog -LRB- maltese -RRB- and he marks everything our female has been . Both are `` fixed '' . This solved the problem completely . My only problem was the size . We bought a small and I think a medium would have been better . Paula
 Works great ; stays put and my dog does n't mind wearing it . Much cheaper than other stores , and it arrived just when Amazon said it would .
 The wrap is good , although I bought an extra large . Should have been large . My dog takes it off . It is not the wrap 's fault . Should be more absorbent .
 I put it on the dog and in 5 minutes he had torn it off . The product is good but a puppy will not wear it so it did n't do my any good . I f he where old and not still chewing up everything in site . Then this is a good product .
 This product is an excellent problem solver for a dog he might be incontinent . My little dog wears the wrap with a maxi pad in it . Once the pad is wet , I change the pad and that way you dont have to keep washing this wrap every time the dog urinates .
 Our male dog started `` marking '' . Not sure why since his is fixed and also housebroken . This product has put our minds at ease . Wrap is easy to put on dog and he does n't seem to be affected by it . Very durable and would recommend this product .
 Works great . When used with a pad you dont have to continue to wash . Stays on great and has done wonders for keeping the floors dry .
 I wish there is a more elegant solution , but this works . . We 've started to use them couple of years ago . The new one is made out of a better and softer fabric . I use them with maxi pads , and have few wraps , so that clean is always handy .
 I bought this for my Papillon who has jealousy issues with me and my daughter , so he tries to marks our stuff . Trying to remain dedicated to the dog was a challenge , and we did n't want to give up on him , but dragging out the carpet steamer every couple weeks was a bit of a chore . My dog is a standard size and around 7 and a half pounds.I bought the small wrap and it fits perfectly . The elastic gently touches his skin , not too tight . We use an Always Infinity pad in it ; they are thin , absorbant , and the ` wings ' serve to both protect the wrap from leaks and provide a barrier between the elastic and the dog , so his belly skin wo n't be pinched . -LRB- This does n't seem likely , but after hearing reports that some puppies got sores , I wanted to be careful -RRB- The pad fits all the way around the band to the closure.The wrap goes on with Velcro that goes on his back . Although my dog has long hair , I have n't seen any issues with his fur getting caught or pulled . The part that goes on his belly has a mesh liner and a bit of absorbant padding . I plan to get another one for laundry purposes.This issue , for my dog is entirely behavioral . He has only soiled the pad twice in a week since he got it , so he knows that he ca n't mark when its on . He wears it whenever he is in the house . He 's not crazy about it , and will sometimes try to rub against the couch to get it off , but he ca n't seem to shift it.Prior to purchasing this , I did a trial run with a pad in a bandanna around his belly . it worked well , but he had a tough time staying still for the tying part , and since I did n't want to squish him , I think long term it would have proven to be less effective . -LRB- My test was mostly to see if he would keep it on before paying for this.I ca n't say how effective this would be with physical incontinence , particularly if the dog is laying down , but it does work very effectively for our purposes . In my experience , this could be a training device as well , but I am not sure if this old dog will learn a new trick .
 These have been a huge help to keep my incontinent senior dog from leaking on himself in his sleep . They do need to be lined with TWO -LRB- not one , TWO -RRB- maxi-pads , and they will not prevent a puddle on your floor if your dog takes a full pee . Order at least two so you can have one on your dog when the other is in the washing machine . Dusting some Gold Bond powder inside them will help protect your dog 's skin .
 I have figured out that you DO NOT need to buy all the expensive liners for these doggie diaper products . They are thin , expensive and do not hardly hold any liquid well.The solution ? Any of the hundreds of maxi pad / panty liner products you would buy for adults.In particular , a box of 16 medium Kotex liners is $ 1 ... they are at least 3 times thicker and more absorbant that these thin liners that are $ 6-7 a box of 22 . They fit perfectly into the diaper , have the same strong adhesive , and cost me 1/6th the price.Yes , it was a little embarassing to buy these at first , but considering I needed a solution that was less expensive , I decided that my little guy is more important . Besides , I can buy a month 's supply for $ 2 now.Hope this helps you dog lovers on a budget like me !
 I keep my granddaughters dog for her during the day , and although we love him dearly , he is a real hiker !! I decided to give this a try and it has worked out great . I actually purchased 2 , so I will have a spare when one is being washed . It has been a lifesaver for my house ! Will buy again when these 2 wear out !
 I bought this for my greyhound that likes to mark in our second bedroom as soon as we leave . It works great for this purpose . He learned not to mark but will use the diaper if he needs to go before we make it back . It stays on well and does n't leak at all . He deos mess with it at times but has never actually gotten it off and it does n't seem to bother him - he just lieks to check it out every once in a while . Overall I would recommend this product
 the product was very good for it 's intended use and I will buy it again in the future if I need to !!!
 I bought this wrap for my 15-lb Bichon Frise as a last resort before crating . He 's 7 years old , and is house broken , but developed separation anxiety after I went back to work in March and started marking all over our furniture and making our home smell like urine . We tried the sprays and everything else and he continued to do this . Everyone kept telling us to crate him during the day but I really did n't want to do that because he 's never had to be in a crate and I knew it would upset him a lot . I saw this wrap on Amazon when I was researching doggy diapers , and thought I 'd give it a try . I read the reviews , some of which said to put a maxi pad in the wrap before putting it on the dog so I bought a jumbo pack with wings and change it out a couple of times a day . I bought an additional wrap so I can alternate them when washing one -LRB- 2-3 times a week -RRB- . The maxi pads do bunch up sometimes , so the wrap will get urine on it , but it does n't leak out of the wrap -LRB- I just need to wash the wrap then -RRB- . This wrap did not stop his marking -LRB- he still does it -RRB- , but now it 's contained and our house smells nice again ! I 've recommended this to others !
 Lets start with the medium did n't fit my mini/tweener 15 lb dachshund . It is the perfect width but the circumference was rather large for our little guy , I had to tailor it a bit to take in the sides for a snugger fit . Then there the issue of him sliding out of it , especially at night , that required a little more tailoring . I made an extension to the front of the wrap with an old piece of fleece that loops loosely into his harness . No more slipping and sliding . Perfection ! After two weeks with the wrap my little guy does n't mark often , but when he does the wrap must be removed immediately and washed . Buy two so that you always have one clean , the convenience is worth the extra 15 bucks .
 Keep in mind sanitary napkins are for low flow but diapers are made for urine flow . So line with something made for urine flow .
 The last straw was the day my 13 year old Cattle Dog `` claimed '' the presents under the Christmas tree and the tree itself . I ran down to the pet store and they had one large size left in stock . These really do work , especially when used with a poise type pad . I like that they have elastic around the sides to help snug up the fit . I 'm ordering a couple more today so that I always have a clean one ready . Granted , my dog is really patient while we get him strapped in ... This would be a tough job with a squirmy dog . I just wish there were different colors .
 The Wrap works great !! First male dog I have owned in years and the first ever Male inside dog . With two females inside as well it seems he was wanting to mark everywhere . I will most likely purchase a few more for when the first one is being laundered . He seemed to not like it at first but after a day or two , he seems ok with it !
 Dog looks funny wearing this but it does the job so I 'm happy . Teal also happens to be one of my favorite colors .
 Been using this product for myBichon for years . Wash hang dry and they last . The small is a little short for this butterball but the medium is to big so just purchased large velcro strips and they work great . Beware of the ones that do n't have elastic on the sides , they leak . Overnight pads are the best .
 I bought this bc my golden retriever is having seizures that cause him to urinate on himself . He only has them when he is sleeping so we only use it when we are gone from the house or overnight . He also had a UTI and was peeing all over the house . I bought this in x-large and washed and dried it in the dryer so it shrunk to just the right size for him . I ca n't be bothered with waiting for it to air dry . It did shrink alot . I needed something that would handle alot of urine so I bought baby diapers and pinned one going vertical and one horizonal using safety pins . works great . my dog never gave it any mind at all , though I must admit , he 's rather exceptional : -RRB-
 I 've bought some of these before for my dog who is incapable of not marking in the house even though he was neutered . These were the perfect fit whereas others I 've bought have been way too tight .
 I got this for my 8 year old male Boston Terrier who even after many years of being fixed still marks our house and furniture and anything else with a corner . I 've had other products like this one in the past so I knew what I was getting . But this was a much a higher quality than i was expecting for $ 10 ! The wraps I 've had in the past had stretched out over time and washing and the velro stopped sticking . But this wrap seems much stronger and and is well made . Have I mentioned it was only $ 10 !!! Here 's a hint , they sell special &#34; pads &#34; that you can put in the wrap . They work great do n't get me wrong but they are a little pricy . In the past I would just buy sanitary pads from the dollar store to stick inside but sometimes they would leak . This time around I 'm using hand me down diapers ! They are super absorbent and they never get smelly ! It saves having to wash the wrap all the time .
 I bought this online because the largest size at Walmart was medium and that was too small for my dog . This product works great . I put a diaper inside for extra absorbancy and use the wrap to hold it in place . So far my dog has not gotten out of it and it keeps him dryer than the old method I used , which was wrapping a diaper around him and taping or velcro'ing it in place.This product works great , just make sure you get the right size .
 We really like this for our dog . We use incontinence or maxipads and then change them when he soils them . It was so stressful before because he would urinate and spray everywhere ! The downside is the price because if the wrap gets wet , then it has to be washed and either he goes without or you will need to buy some more . At $ 10 a piece , this can become expensive .
 The shipping was super fast and exactly as described ... our older dog does n't mind wearing them at all and the material washes and drys really well .
 This is a great product for my dog . It has saved my furniture , and my dog does n't have to become an outside pet .
 We have an 11 year old border collie with a love for marking and this product has saved our couch and house from him . He only marks when we are n't home so this was the only thing we could think of and it works great , I only wish we would have bought it sooner . We have been using them for a couple months and as time progressed he soiled it less and less . Starting with every time we left and now he rarely does . We use it with Overnight Pads , since by itself it is n't absorbent enough . We bought two , so that we would always have one clean.Make sure you always air dry these . I made the mistake of running the first one I bought through the dryer and after a couple washed it was ruined .
 highly recommended due to absorbency and is easy to fit with the velcro . also the price is almost half of the same product at PetCo . it also washes well . i soak it in a bucket with Nature 's Miracle . i love that i can tell when the dog has piddled . he used to be able to hide it for a while until i found it in the carpet . now it 's evident because of darkened fabric where the piddle settles . this product has helped us immensely and now my dog is almost completely poddy trained .
 Fun , fun , fun !! I turn this CD on every morning and our bird starts to sing his head off . I swear , he sounds just like the CD . We were told that a pet store canary may not have had the opportunity to pattern his signing after his father . Thus , he may not sing at all ... But with this CD he has become a really wonderful singer and a joy to listen to . Thanks !
 Purchased as a gift for my mother , who breeds canaries , she was elated . Excellent product .
 Our canary had just come out of a stress molt due to a move and had stopped singing . This CD perked him right up ! I now play it on occasion just to see him puff up and try to outsing the CD .
 After a disastrous day baking my canary started * every * song by imitating the smoke alarm - 4 bleeps at full screech and full volume.I bought Feathered Phonics hoping to `` reprogram '' him and it worked perfectly - the first song had him bouncing off the cage walls looking for his rival , and by the time the second song had finished he had forgotten all about the smoke alarm .
 Love this and so does my female canary ... I play it for hours!I wish it did n't have the child 's vocal remark at the end , that always startles me ! And take out the cage noise ... but still I love it !!!!!
 This , like so many similar CDs are for training bird known to `` mimic , '' and it works , but the best part was the relaxing background . Very cool and relaxing.Relaxation
 I always love having a canary so that the house is filled with the cute singing all day . I purchased a beautiful red factor canary and was disappointed when I brought him home and he did n't sing at all . I waited a week or so to see if maybe he just needed to become familiar with his surroundings . I went online , and everybody laughed at me -- I bought Feathered Phonics
 Have had the Feathered Phonics CD for several weeks . I play it daily for my bird , and he just loves it . He sings along and tries to imitate the sounds and I can tell that his singing has improved , not only in quality but in quantity as well . I highly recommend this CD , it is quite a teacher .
 It does get our canary singing but only if he is in the mood for it . Some of the recordings are with some background noise from the birds in the cage . Very nice CD .
 Some of the tracks are short -LRB- less than 10 seconds -RRB- and are hard to hear , but all in all it was useful .
 My canaries responded to the songs immediately.Track 12 & 13 are harsh sounding and you hear a lot of cage racket . Those two tracks could have been left off .
 The CD gives my pet company to sing along . It really encourage my canaries back to singing after the molting period . This CD is highly recommended .
 My birds love this CD but it ends with a disturbing thunking of Metal ? A furnace going on ? Do n't know what the disturbance is , but it is not welcome . Although I love children , I do n't appreciate the high pitched voice at the end announcing that the CD worked for her . It was really nice birdsong , but a bumpy ending . How about editing that part out ?
 I was happy with the results of playing this CD for my canary . Eventually , he started singing . He lost his mate last year , and also lost his song . This helped .
 Well , the intentions of the CD are great . Maybe works with some birds ; I 've heard many people use it to teach young canaries to sing . In my persontal case - I try to make my old male to sing again , after stopped for a while ; did n't work at all . Felt like my bird new it was n't real bird singing around ... But one can use for personal entertainment , without owning a bird ...
 Against my advice , my boyfriend adopted 3 canaries from a woman who had had them for over two years . One was a male ; one was a female ; and one was their two-year old offspring , sex unknown . My boyfriend said he had many happy memories of singing canaries from his childhood . So , I asked him once he had obtained the canaries if they were singing . He responded , that no they were n't . I attributed it to the stress of the re-location , but he reported that the woman he got them from told him that , `` They had never sung . '' She also told him there was a `` no-backies '' policy on the birds . But he brought them home anyway . And indeed , not a trill ; not a note was forthcoming . So , I researched resources for teaching one 's canary to sing and found Feathered Phonics on Amazon . I bought the CD and gave it to my boyfriend . He played it on an endless loop while he was at work every day . I figured they 'd either start to sing or bash their little heads against the cage until bloody just to stop the endless repetition of Feathered Phonics . Imagine my surprise , when several weeks later , I received an email from my boyfriend with a subject line of `` It 's a Miracle . '' Walter Senior , the father figure canary was singing his head off ... and singing and singing ... not only the tunes from Feathered Phonics , but also his own material . I am truly impressed with this product .
 I bought this when my 11 yr old singer canary went through the molt and stopped singing . After reading reviews I was pretty sure he would start singing again after he recouped from molting and playing this cd . Well , I was wrong , he tweeted a few times but he has never sang his beautiful songs again . The cd is great , lots of canary songs , just didnt get the results I was hoping for .
 My birds LOVE this ! They start singing and try to outdo the birds on the CD .
 Miracle worker would be a good title for this CD . Within 2 days of playing the CD , our Tweedy Bird -LRB- very original -RRB- began to sing.After 10 days , we wo n't stop . We love it . First time we ever had a canary and the experience has been magnificent . Of course , the bird must be a male , from what I read .
 No only did my birds go crazy when I put it on but Ialso love to listen to the birds singing
 Feathered Phonics Volume 7
 I have actually been considering purchasing a canary , as I LOVE the sounds they make ! So , I purchased this cd -- and it has since occurred to me that I do n't have to feed and clean up after THIS canary ! LOL ! I listen to this at work while I 'm at my desk ! -LRB- I 'm STILL getting a canary , though ! -RRB-
 very happy and enteraining for not only my bird but for my family . This was recommended to me by the gal that sold me the canary .
 Great high-calorie supplement for the sick or malnourished , to help maintain weight . It 's a little on the goupy side , but it easily sucks right up into a syringe . My dog , who is suffering from cancer , is usually willing to take this , even when he has little or no appetite for other food . WARNING
 I bought this for my 1 year old Siberian Husky , she had dropped a ton of weight drastically due to somebody poisoning her ... She recovered fine but had lost so much weight and muscle mass due to the trauma , and was down to a weakened slim 31lbs . I went on a researching quest and was very leery about certain things because she has such a sensitive stomach . I kept seeing Meg-A-Cal pop up and saw good things about it so I decided to give it a try.All I can say is that I am truly AMAZED by this stuff ! She has only been on it for 1 week exact and has already gained 12lbs !!! She looks healthy and you can definitely see her putting the muscle and weight back on , even her energy level has returned to normal ! Her coat has also gotten shiny and soft as a bonus too ! She looks amazing!It is so simple to use , I just follow the directions and give her the correct amount and mix it with her normal dry food once a day and she loves it ! Even her normally sensitive tummy handles it with no trouble.I would definitely recommend this to anyone and I am just so very happy with the results we are all already seeing ! She still has a ways to go weight wise , but I am so happy to have found this and could not be happier with the results and for it giving us our baby girl back to her happy normal self !
 good product ive ordered it several times my dog eats it with no issues helps keep weight on my high energy german shepard
 This is a CD with 64 tracks of short whistled tunes and phrases . I played this CD a total of 5 times without really expecting any results . I was stunned when my caique whistled one of the tunes perfectly !!
 Our bird loves this cd but it drive me crazy ! The songs are very short . Yankee Doodle is the only song that has a full song . It is funny to hear our bird sing the star wars tune though .
 Have not had a good opportunity to use it yet . . Did listen to it and so did my bird . He seems to pick up things fairly quickly . . so am hoping that he will find something of interest and learn from it . . sounds are very clear which will help .
 this is a great product for all birds . mine lasted over two weeks , and fed over 15 different kinds of birds !
 I just adopted a kitten a couple months ago and quickly grew irritated of her constant scratching . She is an energetic kitten , but it hurt to play with her . I constantly has cuts and scratches all over my body.I bought these as an alternative to declawing and they have been absolutely great ! She did not fight as I put them on , -LRB- giving her a treat after every couple i put on helped too I 'm sure -RRB- and she has n't tried to lick/bite them off . I will now leave her to wander the entire apartment when I 'm gone because I know she can not cause the damage she did before . Ca n't say much about durability or how long they remain on as they have only been on for a day.TIP FOR NEW KITTEN OWNERS
 In case you are wondering , Soft Paws and Soft Claws are made by the same company . One is marketed to veterinarians and the other is marketed to consumers . They are exactly the same product.I am very satisfied with my Soft Claws purchase . This is my first experience with the clear -LRB- natural -RRB- color nail caps . I 've tried a variety of the solid colors . Clear nail caps are easier to fill but also more difficult to see when they fall off.APPLICATIONMy kitten 's paws have been handled a lot and she does n't mind me placing the nail caps on her . I place the applicator tip all the way into the nail cap , fill until I see it come up the top -LRB- do n't let it crest -RRB- , release the glue tube and the glue gets sucked back into the tube . The nail cap now has just the right amount of glue to hold the nail in place . I then go pick up the kitten and place the nail cap on her -LRB- no need to clip young kitten nails -RRB- . It takes less than a second to pop them on . I do n't make her sit there for five minutes afterwards like the instructions say . I just let her go . No problem.The nails stay on until they shed . They do n't all shed at once , so we lose a few nail caps per week.PRECAUTIONSAt first , my kitten would get her nail caps stuck in my crocheted blanket and the mesh in her climbing structure . The manufacturer warns of lace and loop rugs . I have not had any problems since I 've removed the crocheted blanket and the climbing structure.FINAL THOUGHTSI have an agreeable cat . It took less than a few minutes for her to get used to the nail caps and they do n't bother her at all . If you do n't , then I do n't have much advice other than try to massage your cat 's paws daily so she 's used to being handled . I know some cats will never have the temperament for that , but it 's worth a try.I bought extra applicator tips from the manufacturer . If there is one gripe I have , it 's that the applicator tips get clogged . Since I do n't want to have to wait until several nail caps have fallen off to conserve applicator tips -LRB- while my furniture is being wrecked -RRB- or have to keep using pins to unclog them , I opted to buy the applicator tips . It 's an additional expense . I wish they 'd just include them in the package . Six applicator tips is simply not enough .
 We have a crazy kitten who loves to practice parkour in our living room . She 's snagged our shower curtain and has been attacking our lighted garland during this holiday season . Can not apply these alone - definitely a two person job . Also , you are not supposed to overfill the caps , but it is so difficult to tell if there is enough , too much , too little . I ended up having a few stuck to my fingers . LOL With my newbie-ism , they did n't stay on long . I 'm hopeful that I will do better next time , so that we use this product to it 's full potential . I have a friend who uses these and has had a much better go of it , than me . Packaged well . Shipping was quick .
 I did not measure the size of the mussle , but took it from the chart based on a breed -LRB- irish setter -RRB- . We decided to get a muzzle to keep him from eating poop of other animals when he is off leash in the park . The muzzle fits perfectly , we are very happy about that . It took him about two weeks to adjust ; I was putting some peanut butter in the muzzle , keeping the muzzle on for several seconds at the beginning and up to a minute or two by the second week . Every time he had a muzzle on , we would play and have fun ; after the muzzle is off do not pay attention to the dog , he should feel bored for a while . By the end of second week he was able to wear the muzzle for 10-15 min , and during the third week he was happily running in it for two hours . Sometimes he wants to remove the muzzle and struggles with it for thirty seconds , but it stays on , never became loose . Our dog is very hyper by breed , he was not able to adjust to `` gentle leader '' head leash -LRB- just hates it -RRB- , but OK with this muzzle . He also swims in it if near the water and able to drink while swimming . He is still trying to eat poop , muzzle becomes dirty , -LRB- easy to clean -RRB- but at least this stuff is not in his mouth .
 It works great ! A better diagram for fitting would help to decide proper size though .
 This is a great shampoo . I have 2 dogs
 I bought the companion DVD as well with bigger dogs in it and my 8 dogs 20 lbs or less were n't that interested . But this one held their interest longer . They were n't spellbound , but its something to put on when the weather is bad outside so they wo n't be totally bored .
 We were looking for an car seat for our two poodle boys who go with us alot . We found this particular car seat that was high enough for them to look out the window . . and to take puppy naps when they chose . However safety . . needed to be the utmost importance . . which is included an strap that easily fits onto the seatbelt.it keeps the boys safe . . especially for those sudden stops . The quilted cover comes off and can be washed on gentle cycle and dryes either on the clothes line or on med setting in the dryer .
 I bought this pet seat for our 24lb , 11 year old beagle . He loves sticking his head out the window , looking at the passing scenery and sniffing the air . Before we had this pet seat , we had stacked pillows for him , but it was never high enough or sturdy enough . Our beagle loves going for a ride and being able to see out the window , and sniff things . This was a great investment . I am very satisfied with it.I definitely recommend this product
 THis was the third doggie carseat I purchased ... by far the best ! My dog weighs 25 lbs and has more than enough room to lie down if he wants to . It is the perfect height ... he can look out the window even when he rests his head on the side of the seat . If you use a harness and the provided belt , you can even roll down the window , and let your dog put his head and shoulders out , without fear of him falling out of the car . It is perfect for long trips !
 I give it a 5 star , did get the Large for my 15 pound dog and its the perfect size and he can lay down in it . I decided on the Large after reading all reviews and glad it was recommended for the size of my dog its perfect !
 Our 7 year old -LRB- indoor only -RRB- cat had been scratching the carpet for years . It got progressively worse . When we got a new carpet it started to become a real problem . We tried EVERYTHING to get him to stop scratching : - Every type of vertical/horizontal scratching post ... he used them in addition to the carpet . - Covering his `` favorite '' scratching spots with a throw ... he found new `` favorite '' spots on the carpet to scratch . - Positive reinforcement for using the right spots using treats and encouragement ... reduced but did n't stop the carpet scratching . - All kinds of corrective training methods
 We purchased soft claws at our vet 's recommendation when our 15-year-old tortie decided to start clawing our new furniture . Despite being old and having no experience with claw caps , our cat took to them just fine and ignores them as soon as they 're applied . Take care , however , to monitor your cat 's claws after a few weeks . The caps do fall off eventually , and will need replacement . But if they do n't -LRB- i.e. from too much adhesive -RRB- , the cat 's claw will grow around and start to dig into the pad of the paw . In this case , the nail needs to be * carefully * clipped at the edge of the cap ; the old nail will fall away and there will be a -LRB- sharp ! -RRB- new claw underneath .
 The softpaws are easy to apply but they are definitely not a permanent solution . My cat did n't seem to mind them much at first but after about a week she began biting them off . Now that she knows she can pull them off they only stay on for a few days . If you 're looking for a temporary solution while you train the cat they 're perfect , but they 're not a long-term solution .
 Followed the directions on the package and they worked as advertised . With help from my two daughters , we were able to get the Soft Paws on without to much of a fight -LRB- he really does not like his claws clipped -RRB- . Kept the cat distracted for five minutes after putting the Soft Paws on with brushing and treats . Afterwards , the cat did not seem to be bothered by the glued on parts . The only problem has been keeping them on the dew claw which he may have pulled off because it was not secure enough . The dew claw is a little more difficult getting on without the cat putting up a fight .
 These nail caps were the perfect solution to protect my furniture without putting my cat through the trauma of declawing . My only complaint is that there are n't enough glue tips and glue tubes in each package . The nail caps do not fall off at the same time so I often replace only two or three at a time . After six months of using these nail caps I have more than 40 extra nail caps and I am buying new packages just for the glue and glue tips .
 OK , this is my experience . I tried to put them on my cat and he was a little nervous about it and gave me a hard time . I ordered size medium , but I 'm pretty sure he is a large cause they do n't fit them as good as i thought they would . Anyhow , i did manage to put them all on and at first he did n't mind them , and after like an hour or so he started to lick them . Well , now he does not mind them at all . I think it all depends in the cat , but overall , i do think this is a great product and definitely a great alternative to declawing !
 I have a 5 month old kitten - Felix . the claw caps stay on with enough glue , but its weird how -LRB- mostly on his back feet -RRB- the caps seem too small for some of his claws , but too large for others - most fit just fine though . My husband laughs that we can hear his claws clicking on the floor now . We 're still trying to train him not to claw furniture , but at least now nothing gets torn if we do n't catch him ... Felix does still like to try to hang off the side of the bed -LRB- we 're trying to stop him from that too -RRB- It used to tear up our sheets ... not he just slides off and ca n't figure out why he ca n't do it anymore . I find his confusion funny.Overall , I like them because they save my furniture/sheets and Felix does n't even notice them So Id say they 're worth getting .
 I got small and medium for my cats , one is a 7 lb kitten and an adult who is also usually around 7 lbs . Small did n't fit them-a couple nails on my kitten would let the small size on but I had to go up to the medium . The adult could n't wear any small ones . Had the same experience with the medium size that did n't fit on a 10 lb cat , so just be aware that might happen and the correct size does n't depend on weight . They do work quite well though , stay on right away -LRB- providing you 're putting on the right size -RRB- . My cats did chew on them at first but I just distracted them by feeding them and throwing a couple toys and once they got used to the fact that they were n't coming off they hardly notice . Lifesaver for my new furniture . I check every couple days to see if any have come off , sometimes one or two has because they grow off , so just trim that nail and stick another one on . I use them on the back as well and honestly am really enjoying having cats that do n't cause as much damage or scratch on accident when playing .
 I just adopted a new cat , my first , and was really worried about its claws and all the scratching that cats are known for . But I also did n't want to declaw him because a friend 's cat seemed to suffer without her claws . I found out about the soft claws and I was sold ! It really does the job , its clear , ca n't even notice them and I have no fear that the kitty with accidentally scratch me or ruin my furniture ! He does hate it when I first put them on , but otherwise seems oblivious to them . It is worth every penny !
 After moving back to the US , we needed a way to keep our 10 year old cat from ruining all of the furniture . Declawing would be traumatic for a feline her age , so we decided to try this out.Initially , it can be difficult to get the cat to let you touch it 's paws enough to get these on -LRB- ours is a bit hysterical anyway -RRB- . After 4 months of using these , I can tell you that the Cleat Lock System -LRB- or the ridges inside the rubber caps -RRB- do a lot to help keep the caps on . She still spends at least an hour a day trying to get them off , but at least she has nails to chew on ! A couple times a week she pulls one off and I have little problems putting a new one on . This is a great -LRB- although very expensive -RRB- product .
 This product works as advertised . I had not problem inserting the nails on my cat . My furniture is very grateful !
 We tried these some time ago with our first cat , but she kept catching her claws in looped carpet and pulling these off . The medium size fit her well at 10lbs . Now with our second cat , who is only 7 lbs and smaller , these still fit , so we ordered more . She picks at them if you let the glue run out and catch her fur . Otherwise these work great . Also , we use superglue because the tubes that come with the soft claws are n't enough to last the whole package.It 's cute to see the cat `` scratching '' with these on . She also makes tapping noises when she walks across hard floors .
 These are amazing!Now , if your cat is anything like either of mine it will not be the easiest thing to put these on them . It takes both my husband and myself to apply these . I hold the cat and cover their eyes while he puts them on . After our first time using them we developed a good technique for putting them on the cats and now we can do both cats in about 15 minuets.You will want to check your cats claws for a few days to make sure you get these put on AFTER they have shed that outer-layer of the claw , otherwise they will come off quick . Also clean the claws before putting them on . We give our cats a treat after the application process too.The cats had to get use to them and chewed and licked at them at first , but now they will last a about a month before we have to replace them.I like to buy the colored ones , it makes it easy to see when one has come off so I can replace it .
 I am so glad we got them ! We applied the covers about a week ago . So far none fell off and kitty could n't care less about them . Very pleased and the answer to our prayers .
 We 've only been using these nail caps for about a week now and they 're wonderful . My cat did n't even notice that they were on , and none have fallen off yet . It 's saving our furniture and our hands when we play with him . Great alternative to declawing !
 I am getting new furniture since my old stuff was ... old . And my cat destroyed the cushions . I had to figure out what to do about my cat , so I bought some of these . And 24 hours later , they totally work ! They were easy to put on other than I got glue all over myself , and she could n't care less about wearing them . One fell off , but you get 40 and 2 tubes of glue in a package , so I 'll just glue it back on . I 'm so relieved and happy about this . When I first heard about them I thought it was stupid and would n't work . So happy to be wrong!I should add that my cat is really mellow and is used to me clipping her claws every few weeks . I imagine for some cats putting them on is hell , and keeping them on nearly impossible . You have to kind of know your cat and if they will tolerate this.And a tip
 My cats did very well with these . I purchased the size recommended and have not had any problems to date . I clip my cats ' nails weekly , so they were accustomed to lying still while I applied the caps . Took me approximately 1-2 minutes per paw , which I felt was pretty good . My only concern was the glue used - it 's it toxic to cats ? So far no one looks sick so I 'm thinking it 's OK .
 They are hard to put on , but they stay on for about 3 to 4 weeks when put on properly . My siamese does not chew on them . He does n't try and sharpen his claws . Its just awesome . I would recommend the largest size though
 I have been using these vinyl nail caps on my cats for more than 6 years and honestly , I recommend them to everyone who owns an indoor cat . No , they will not instantly end your scratching problems
 I am so happy I found soft claws . My cat never scratches the furniture anymore ! They come in all kinds of fun colors and are very easy to apply . One box usually lasts me 6 months and my cat never even knows she 's wearing them ! All in all , I am a very happy customer and love this product !
 I was kind of hoping that these would just help with the accidental scratches that occur to leather furniture . Then I quickly realized the damage is mostly from rear claws and have to figure out how to apply these bad boys to his back nails ! overall a good product . My cat is a big boy -LRB- 16 pounds 10 months old -RRB- and he fit the rgular size just fine . overall okay , the reason for one star reduction is they definitely do n't last 6 weeks , some were falling off after the first week and others are on their one month mark . You will re apply and if this is a perm . fix to declaw it will become pricey .
 This is an excellent product . My cat has a skin condition where she scratches really hard , leaving bloody holes in her fur . These nails cut down on the scratching and now her fur is intact . They were fairly easy to apply and she can still retract her nails if she wants . Not to mention they look adorable on her !
 I have 3 cats that have their front paws declawed but recently they 've still been tearing up our leather couch . So instead of spended upwards of $ 300 total and taking the chance of causing them physical and psychological problems with a second surgery on their back paws -LRB- 2 of the cats are older -RRB- I decided to try these ! I bought the medium size for my older cats -LRB- almost 2years -RRB- who are about 11 lbs each . They fit pretty well except for they both had one claw on each foot that was bigger than all the others so the cap did n't fit well and did n't stay on long . Also , the 2 cats ended up chewing off most of them soon after application but its been a week and the ones they kept on are still holding tight . I did n't bother trying to reapply them though as it was my kitten doing most of the damage to my couch . The caps themselves are easy to apply though - make sure you have help !! lol my cats were quite fiesty ! - and the `` cleat locking system '' seems to help them lock into place . It took me a few times to get them on the nail smoothly and quickly but its relatively simple !
 I have used the soft claws on my cat for a few years now . It seemed to be a less painful alternative to declawing . Took me and the cat some time to get used to . She used to fight me every time I had to replace a nail . My husband would hold her , I would apply the nails and we all would fight . Now I have a plan . First , see how many nails are off and which ones they are . Then I trim them and wait a while for her to calm down . Then I fill every nail I need -LRB- not just one at a time -RRB- with the glue and apply them all at one time . This way you only have to catch and hold the cat one time . Less stress for everyone . They really are a life saver for our furniture and rugs . And she can still climb the occasional tree if she needs/wants to .
 I just recieved the product a few days ago . I was pretty sure my cat would immediately start biting them off , but only one has come off , and I think she 's already forgotten about them . She did n't like having to get them put on , but it was really easy . I 'm so glad I got them . It 's worth a try before resorting to declawing , espesially since they 're so inexpensive .
 I bought these a little hesitant because a friend stated they did not work well for her . My cat is large and about 2 years old . Loves to play . He didnt like it when I out them on -LRB- didnt hurt , he hates to be pinned down -RRB- I followed directions exactly to a T -LRB- may have used to much glue ... : / -RRB- anyways , he walked a little funny for a bit and now can care less . He doesnt even know they are there.Make sure you use the right size and follow directions !! : -RRB-
 I do have a VERY strange cat , but they work perfect for him ! He actually fell asleep while I put them on him . I did find it more difficult the first time because I had recently clipped his nails -LRB- it 's easier if they 're longer with a slight point , they also walk a little funny until they get used to them -RRB- . My cat also loves walking on a leash , and wearing sweaters , so I warn that they may not work on all cats , but for the ones they do work for , they 're amazing and last for weeks !
 The item I purchased is exactly what was stated in the ad . They seem to be working well on my cat . The only issue I have is that I was looking to buy the brand name for these claw covers which are called Soft Paws and that 's what I thought I was buying as these are called Soft Claws . But I guess that 's my fault for not reading the words more closely .
 We love our cat a lot , and did n't want to have to declaw her . For the most part she does n't scratch anything except her scratch post . However now and then she scratches one of our couches due to the material on it . Also we could n't let her sleep w / us as she would scratch the comforter . I read all the reviews on these and decided why not , lets give it a shot . We bought the Medium/Clear ones . Took about 10 minutes to put on , she fussed a little during the process but after that could care less that they were on . It 's been great , now she sleeps w / us . No fear of scratching and no need to worry about her claws . It 's funny though she still tries to scratch her post and she does , and to her it seems to satisfy her . Great product easy to put on and a fair price . She 's only had them on for about 3 days -LRB- 11/4/11 - 11/7/11 -RRB- so I ca n't speak to their longevity however I will write back when I see them starting to fall off . If we can get a good 4 weeks out of them I 'm happy w / that . Only means 12 times a year we do this .
 Excellent product ! Fast shipping ! I love these these for my cats and they do n't mind them a bit ! Helps save my hardwood floors !
 I was a bit skeptical at first , but the tips were super easy to apply , and the cats just could n't care less . They tried to lick them off at the very beginning but quickly gave up . Now the little devils ca n't scratch anymore ! BWAHAHAHAAAAA !
 I have been using another brand of claw caps for several years and recently switched to these because they 're a bit less expensive . I have had no bad experience with the quality of the caps , they seem identical to the original brand -LRB- SoftPaws -RRB- . I would like to address a few comments from other reviews.In general if your cat will allow you to trim its claws , you wo n't have difficulty in applying these . The first application may need to be done over a few days because they may get tired of you messing with their claws before all ten are applied.If you go into an enclosed room -LRB- bathroom -RRB- to apply them it is much easier because the cat knows there is no escape , and therefore will fight you less . My extremely large cat is simply uncomfortable being held on my lap , so I make him lay on the bathroom counter to get his claws done . The smaller cat I just sit on my lap and trim/apply from there . Neither loves to have their claws done , but both tolerate it.It makes a HUGE difference if you start applying them when your cat is young . My old cat never quit trying to chew them off , his claws were practically nubs because he just never got completely comfortable with them . So he tended to need new caps applied much more frequently than my younger cats who have worn them since they were kittens . Also , a cat who tends to scratch a lot will lose them more frequently than one who does so less often.After you insert the claw into the cap with the glue , run your finger around the base of the cap to remove excess glue , which will prevent it sticking to their fur and making an uncomfortable lump of glue . It is also advisable to hold and pet your kitty for five minutes after the caps are applied to keep them from pulling the caps off before the glue dries.if your caps are coming off sooner than you think is reasonable , try a smaller size . it does n't really matter how far up the claw the cap extends , and you do n't want any air to be between the cap and the claw , as that will reduce surface area for the glue to stick and they 'll be more likely to come off.If your cat does not eventually get the claws off themselves with normal clawing activity , you may need to cut them off . Definitely do this before the end of the cap touches their toe-pad . Just trim the end off as though you were trimming a raw claw , and then , using a claw trimmer or sharp scissors , cut the top edge of the cap along the top of their claw and remove the remaining cap . This will prevent you trimming the claw too closely.If your cats claws are sharp after the claw comes off , it is a result of normal shedding of claw material . If they still look trimmed , then the claw came off or was chewed off prior to normal shedding and you may want to try using a smaller size , using more glue , or holding them longer once new caps are applied.Personally I like the colored caps because it 's easier to see that caps have been lost and need to be replaced.In my experience after the first set of caps have been applied , a box of 40 will last you 8-12 weeks , depending on the cat.I normally only apply caps to the front paws , I just trim the back claws . I have applied caps to the inside claws on the back when one of my cats had an irritation and was scratching herself raw . This prevented her breaking the skin on an already irritated spot .
 So I have had my cat for about 8 years . She trashed my older couch and chairs but as they were purchased used , it really did n't matter to me . However when I decided that I wanted new furniture I considered getting my cat declawed because I knew eventually she would ruin my the new furniture too . I actually made an appointment to have my kitty cat 's fingers cut off but had a change of heart . I figured why not try a less extreme measure first and purchased the soft paws on a recommendation of a friend.First of let me tell you , to be able to use soft paws you need to know how to properly cut a cat 's nails . It is n't hard , really . I figured out how to do it . Cosmo did n't like getting her nails cut when I first started to do it . But eventually she became used to me doing it . -LRB- Treats associated with nail cuts seemed to do the trick . -RRB- It took a while for Cosmo to allow me to cut all her nails at one time , but she now she does n't mind it at all . I have been cutting her nails frequently for about 7 years.My cat does n't mind me putting on the soft paws . It is n't quite as easy as cutting her nails -LRB- it requires a little more coordination on my part and therefore a little more time and my cat 's attention span is a little shorter than I would like but without too much bribing she gets them all done at one time . -RRB- Aside from putting them on , Cosmo does n't seem to mind having them on . Actually she seems to be as comfortable with them as she was without them . The only thing I have noticed is that when she walks on hard wood floor she make a tapping sound . She does n't mind , but I think it sounds like high heals and laugh at her a little bit.They do fall off , but overall I would say a pack lasts a couple of months . I would say that about every 3-4 weeks , Cosmos looses about half of her nails . But rest assured that if you put them on correctly they will not fall off as soon as you put them on . And you wo n't need too keep reapplying them everyday.Cosmo is currently wearing Soft Paws in Pink , size Medium . Her next soft paws are black . Sometimes she just likes a little change.Overall , declawing my cat was too inhumane and I could n't do it . I wanted to keep my new furniture without snags . I tried living with the furniture covered with blanket and sticky tape but really that is n't a way to live . My cat is currently wearing soft paws and not destroying my furniture and seems as happy as she was before she staring wearing them . And I know I am much more happy too !
 I could n't bring myself to amputate my cats ' fingertips , but I really did n't want them scratching up my new furniture . We tried to train them , but their stubborn . We were getting kinda desperate . Then , we found Soft Claws -LRB- or Soft Paws ; I do n't rememember which we tried first , but they 're essentially the same product -RRB- . Do n't give up too quickly . It 's not incredibly easy to get these things on their nails , but once you get some practice and your cats get used to it , it becomes much easier . My wife , who has mastered the technique , insists that the secret is filling each cover with glue and then putting them all on at once , instead of filling them and putting them on one at a time . You must also be careful not to overfill the nail covers . Too much glue makes them stick to the cats fur , which is very sad.The cats still paw at things , but it does n't do any damage . They rub their paws on the couch , but never catch it . They play with us , but never scratch us . And , we did n't have to put them through major surgery.Although it takes some patience to put these on , it 's totally worth it for anyone with any concern for their pet -LRB- and their furniture -RRB- .
 I use these on 2 of my cats , and I think they are terrific . They are easy to apply , and are so much more humane than declawing . My one cat removed a few at first , but after I applied new ones , she accepted them , wearing them until they fell off over a month later , which was enough time to break her of her rug scratching habit . My other cat is still wearing hers , and does not seem to notice them . I think SoftPaws should be used along with cardboard ` scratch mats ' with catnip -LRB- or another scratching alternative -RRB- , since scratching is natural and necessary for cats . I do n't know why another reviewer said that they were dangerous ; the glue used is the same glue that people use to apply fake nails and to glue wounds shut in hospitals . For anyone thinking of declawing their cat , PLEASE try SoftPaws first !! Surgical claw removal is a horrible thing to do to a cat and cause permanent damage . SoftPaws allow you to save your furniture and rugs without having to put your pet through unnecessary surgery . If you really must have a declawed cat , check the local shelters , as there are often cats who have already been declawed waiting for homes . If you are that worried about your furniture that you are willing to torture your family pet to protect the couch , maybe you should get a Tamogotchi instead , or fish ...
 This is a great idea instead of declawing your cat . It has saved my furniture ! I got the clear color .
 These are great . They stay on for a long time and naturally grow out , and you replace them as they do . Its better than declawing your cat -LRB- which is harmful to the animal in many ways -RRB- and once they are ON the cat , they do n't mind them at all . I love them for my cat and to protect anything that might get harmed from my cat 's extra toes ... ha . Thanks!Highly recommended .
 I was hopeful , but cynical after reading reviews . My cat is pretty easy to handle . I trimmed his claws the night before to minimize the time he would have to spend having his paws handled . I think it is important to fill the soft claws all at once per the instructions . I put each one on and then scratched him for a minute before the next one . Then I held him in my lap and rubbed him and scratched him for about 5 minutes until they set . When you put them on , give the a little extra push to be sure they are secure . By the time I let him go , he totally did n't notice they were there . It has been 2 weeks now and everything is fine . Some recommended using real super glue . I did n't have any , so this time I used the glue that came with it and so far so good . I will update how long they last as time passes . I have n't seem him mess with them at all and they are not snagging . I think the people who had snagging issues did n't give them a little push to make sure they were fully engaged . I just did the 4 front claws and left the dew claws alone .
 These are great only one came off so far but was easily replaced and was probably due to our inexperience .
 Love them , Can not have a cat in the house without them , once you get the hang of it they go on easly , cat tolerates well , reapply as he pulls them off and he can not scratch the frunuture or carpet , wonderful
 So much nicer than having your cat go through the declawing process however the package of soft claws came opened as if it was returned by someone else . All pieces where there .
 I liked the soft claws - my only complaints were that there are not enough tips for future use - the super glue dries so fast that I had to use 2 tips in order to get 10 soft paws on my cat . The only other complaint is that two came off within the first week - maybe the super glue had dried too fast ? had I slowed down , I would have had to use all of the tips , making the remaining supply useless without the tips . For those who have not used it , the manufacturer provides the Soft Claws -LRB- like press on nails -RRB- , 2 tubes of super glue and 4 &#34; tips &#34; to put on the tip of the superglue to focus the glue straight into the tip of the Soft Claw . But as you all know , when superglue dries , its pretty permanent.Other than that , the remaining 8 have stayed on for several weeks - I have used the product before - and they usually last about 6-8 weeks . Pretty good product - better than declawing for sure .
 This product was a life saver for me as I had an cat that had an skin infection around her ears for months in which she kept itching and kept making it worse . I tried the cone around the head to stop her ... fail ! Tried wrapping her paws in gauze ... fail . Honestly this was the only solution that worked and within no time her ears were healed . Granted it was n't the easiest to put on at first but u get the hang of it pretty quick . And yes she kept pulling them off , but only a few at a time so it was n't a big deal . I recommend the color ones so u can see which ones need replacing . I do n't think my cat really minded them that much either
 I had been purchsing additional applicator tips as I was using a new one each time I had to replace a Soft Claw . The reason was that once the applicator tip is removed from the glue container , the applicator tip becomes unusable due to glue hardening inside of it . This happens even when tapping the container with the tip on it to allow the glue to flow back into the container.Fortunately , one day , I did not remove the applicator tip from the container , and I found that DAYS later , the glue still flowed through ! Needless to say , I now leave the applicator tips on the containers .
 We really have n't used them yet . My wife seems afraid to grab the cat , trim , and apply the claw covers . I ca n't wait .
 It works great . They are super easy to put on and my cat doesnt seem to mind them at all . We got it to protect our furniture , kiddos , and Amazon in case Winston -LRB- our latest rescue -RRB- got curious . I will keep buying them . It is a great alternative to someone that does n't want to de-claw their cat .
 We just got a new leather couch and what does our little beast do , scratches at it , she never scratched at our leather chair so we thought it was safe , seeing that she seems to hate our cloth loveseat and destroyed it . We went looking for an alternative to declawing , which neither me or my husband were really considering . We came across these wonderful little furniture and skin savers . She does n't seem to mind them at all , she does n't even notice them until she goes to her scratching post and looks a little confused that the sisal rope is n't flying everywhere . I would recommend getting these .
 Haha , cat . What are you going to do now about messing with my deposit ? Oh ? Nothing ? That 's right . Enjoy your claw caps , you evil thing .
 The reviews for this item varied wildly , but after reading a bunch , I hypothesized that the difference in experience came mostly from differences in cats . So I went ahead and bought it , figuring -LRB- based on the reviews -RRB- that the cleverer of my 2 cats would have them off pretty quickly and the one mainly known as `` my special boy '' would leave them on . The cleverer cat sat very nicely while we put them on , and the not-so-clever one howled and bit -LRB- he 's never bitten before -RRB- . I was nervous . The not-so-clever cat is the one I 'm having the scratching problems with . So once we had them on , we waited a week and then checked up . As I suspected , the cleverer cat was missing 6 of her 10 claw covers , but the not-so-clever cat was only missing 3 . So far , so good . They 're quite easy to put on , even if the cat struggles . I found it a lot easier even than clipping my cats ' claws , which is a painful chore no matter how many times we do it . It certainly helps with the clawing , and does n't appear to hurt the cats , though the cleverer cat seems annoyed with them . I 'm hoping that after persistent re-application , she 'll give up and let them be . If the not-so-clever cat notices he 's wearing them , he chews on them , but that 's just a matter of waving something shiny in front of him , and he forgets soon enough . Yeah , he 's my special boy.In conclusion , if your cat shows signs of cleverness , keeping these things on might be a problem . If not , well , do n't worry about it . Great product .
 After my divorce I moved in with my sister and her husband . At the time I had a 14 year old Maltese who died shortly after I moved in with them . Since I have always had a pet in my life - my sister agreed to letting me get a kitten . Their stipulation was that I get her declawed . But I could n't do it . I 've had cats before and had them declawed never really looking into what it involved . Researching this time - I was horrified at what I had put by previous cats thru and refused to do it to my current kitten . But having a choice of declawing or losing my home or cat - I looked into other options . Soft Claws are wonderful - a life saver . I also had experiences with the cat getting caught in things , but after talking to the Soft Claw people I found out I was using the wrong size nails on her . After getting the correct size - we have n't had anymore problems of her getting caught on rugs or blankets . After two years my sister and I have the routine down pat and it only takes a short time to put the nails on . My cat is use to them and believe me it is so much more fun to play with her without having to worry about getting scratched and it is also great peace of mind for me that she is not doing damage to my sister 's screens or furniture . Just follow the instructions and suggestions on the Soft Claw package and you should have no problems . Any questions that you have - the Soft Claw people are willing to help you out with . I 've had excellent service from them . I would definitely recommend this product 100 % .
 I love this product . They were a lot easier to apply then I thought they would be . My 2 very rambunctious cats do n't seem to mind them at all , they have never tried to rip them off and they even sat still when I put them on . My furniture is safe and I did n't have to torture my cats by declawing them . I could n't be happier .
 I began using these with my cat over a week ago and they have worked out better than expected so far . My cat does not scratch at things intentionally -LRB- except her scratching post -RRB- but I am using them for the unintentional scratches & punctures from her front & rear claws . They were relatively easy to apply and my cat does n't seem to mind them . However , my cat is typically quite laid back and is good at just `` going with the flow '' . She was already used to having her nails trimmed . The instructions give a good tip in advising to fill 10 nails with glue and then pop them on in succession . My cat has lost 3 of the caps in the 1 + week she has had them . However , I 'm pretty sure it was in my application -LRB- not enough glue -RRB- and not due to the caps or her pulling them off . The back claws seem to need a little more glue because those claws are shorter & stubbier . I have not had any ill side effects -LRB- glue in hair , messed up / bloody nails , etc -RRB- that are mentioned by others .
 These are easy to apply , and my cat doesnt really care about me putting them on , hes gotten used to it . Dont get the colored ones though , they look stupid
 it is really helped me ! perfect for my cat and my leather furniture . cat doesnt suffer , rugs are saved , no scratches at all . everybody happy !
 I never really thought I needed to do much about my cat 's claws . She usually just scratches her cardboard scratcher , but a week or two ago she got upset with my husband and clawed him pretty well . Needless to say , she 's getting older and has a little shorter fuse , and declawing is n't an attractive option for older cats at all . I had seen these at the store before , and thought they were a little silly , and wondered how in the hell I would ever get these on my cat.Long story short , she 's pretty okay with them . When she was in a good mood , I petted her belly as I was able to work these onto her claws . They do fall off regularly , and my biggest beef with the product would be that they do n't give you enough glue applicator tips -LRB- special funnel pieces so that you can get the glue into the claw cap -RRB- but you can buy more directly from the company . All in all , I really like this product because I did n't even want to consider declawing , so this is a great alternative - and much cheaper . I do believe the Amazon price is the cheapest I 've seen as well .
 My husband was fed up - my cat scratched him by running across him when she was sleeping . I would trim the front claws , but furniture really is n't the issue . The issue is that her claws are extended when she runs around or plays with us , often hurting us . He wanted to get her claws removed -LRB- or give her away -RRB- ! We tried it out , and it works wonderfully ! She did n't like me putting them on , but it was n't any worse than trimming her claws -LRB- had to pin her down for the back claws -RRB- . Once she had them on , she did n't mind them at all . She acts as if they are her actual claws . As a bonus , cat litter does n't get stuck in her claws and dragged across the floor now = less vacuuming.Suggestion - the clear ones are nice b/c you can see how much glue is in there . I bought large for the back claws b/c the medium were too small . Also watch the instructional video on the website
 This is a great alternative to declawing ... and this seller always includes a surprise for kitty ! The best !
 We have two year-old cats . We built a nice , big , sturdy scratching post and they loved it . All was well until one of the cats decided he preferred the dining room rug . I decided to try Soft Paws although I was quite skeptical.It was quite easy to put them on . The local Petco would have done it for me , but I thought that might stress the cats even more than having me do it . To my surprise , both kitties tolerated the initial application without any problem and did n't seem to notice that anything was different afterwards.One of the cats seems to lose his more often -- why I can not say -- but the other one is just now needing replacements after six weeks.This is a great invention !
 We bought these because our cat would leave sratches in the floor when he was playing . He has not minded wearing the soft claws at all . They are easy to put on and stay on well !
 These caps are fantastic for my cat , and they allow her to play and climb on the furniture without tearing it up or scratching me . I had considered getting her declawed as a kitten but I am a vet student and I 've worked in several vet clinics and seen the process and I was hoping to avoid declawing . I called around to several vet clinics in town asking about declawing and one of the most well respected clinics here recommended these caps as an alternative and I 've been using them for almost a year with no problems . I 'm sure that different vets have different opinions on these but it has been a great alternative to declawing for me and I 'm really glad the vet here recommended them . You do have to pay attention to how much glue is in the cap - if the glue spills over when you put it on the nail , just keep the nail extended and dab the glue off and then wait for a few seconds with the nail out and the fur held back . The glue dries very quickly , so that way the residues will dry on the nail and wo n't glue the cat 's fur to her nail . Really after the first couple times and you get the hang of it it 's pretty simple to do , and it 's really great to be able to avoid declawing . My cat 's not much of a scratcher , it 's all incidental stuff so I do n't use caps on the dew claws which makes the pack stretch further.I will say that these caps are not for everyone - if your cat is not patient , or if you would not have someone to help you hold the cat , you probably would n't have much luck since you have to trim each nail and then go back and put a cap on each one . If I had n't started my cat when she was little I 'm not sure if I could get these on her , and I would probably have to declaw .
 I have three indoor cats and a puppy . Two cats have had the soft claws on for over a year and one has had them on sense he was a kitten . I have not once had any trouble getting them on and having the cats keep them on . My fruniture has been saved because of the product ! Needless to say my poor puppy has had a wonderful life so far because of them !!
 Cat does n't scratch my stuff , why did n't I think of this before ! Cat tried to take them off but left them alone afterwards . 1 fell off but I must have pout the glue wrong ... I love it !
 This is the third muzzle I ordered because the sizing was difficult to measure , but finally got the right size , my fault , and It is of very good quality !
 I found that yes the cat will always get one or two of them off but so long as you make sure you keep your cat still for the required 5 mins after application then the glue dries enough to keep most of them on . In short if you follow the directions to the letter they work pretty well .
 I could n't bring myself to amputate my cats ' fingertips , but I really did n't want them scratching up my new furniture . We tried to train them , but their stubborn . We were getting kinda desperate . Then , we found Soft Claws -LRB- or Soft Paws ; I do n't rememember which we tried first , but they 're essentially the same product -RRB- . Do n't give up too quickly . It 's not incredibly easy to get these things on their nails , but once you get some practice and your cats get used to it , it becomes much easier . My wife , who has mastered the technique , insists that the secret is filling each cover with glue and then putting them all on at once , instead of filling them and putting them on one at a time . You must also be careful not to overfill the nail covers . Too much glue makes them stick to the cats fur , which is very sad.The cats still paw at things , but it does n't do any damage . They rub their paws on the couch , but never catch it . They play with us , but never scratch us . And , we did n't have to put them through major surgery.Although it takes some patience to put these on , it 's totally worth it for anyone with any concern for their pet -LRB- and their furniture -RRB- .
 When I decided to have a kitten , the first thing I had to do was to persuade my husband that it would not give harm to our furnitures by scratching . That was when I had found out these nail caps would really work . I tried to find them on www.amazon.com and there they were ! Now , I have been using them for almost five years and my husband , my cat and I are very happy . .
 We have been using these for years now on our cat 's back claws -LRB- he is indoor only and declawed in front , but was still scratching our leather furnature -RRB- . They do take a bit of getting used to . It takes two people to apply - one to hold the cat and the other to glue and place them.I distract the cat for about 10 minutes afterwards with treats while the glue is drying . He used to try to start pulling them off right away , but this last time he did n't even care . He was far more interested in the treats.I do prefer the clear nail caps as they look more natural and more importantly , they are easier to apply properly because you can see the nail going into the cap . I 've tried the colored ones . They are cute , but I think many of them did n't go on as well with the tip of the claw getting hung up on one of the little inner `` cleats '' instead of going all the way into the cap.I hightly recommend these !
 I purchased these after my older cat started clawing at my new expensive sofa . The first night he got them off one whole paw , the next few weeks I was replacing one a day . Now he is used to them and I just replace them as needed . He is a very calm cat which helps because it is easy to get the claws in place . I think these are great in the right situation and would recommend them over declawing , especially in a mature cat .
 This is a great alternative to declawing . They stay on for 6-8 weeks , and application is easy . This site sold 2 sets for the price of one set at a retail store .
 It 's takes some patience , but we really needed to protect the furniture so we stuck with it . You go through a lot of them in the beginning as you get used to putting them on and they get used to wearing them . Wish they would provide more of the skinning glue tops , since you ca n't reuse them -- especially when you only need to replace one nail .
 I have not used these tips yet - but they look like they will be fine . If I have any issues with them I 'll come back here & let you know .
 Dyne is a great product to use for puppies that refuse to eat and also for dogs that have hypoglycemic attacks . The dogs readily swallow the sweet liquid , so it is easy to get them to eat it . High calorie as well as vitamins and mineral to insure proper nutrition.I buy the bigger size to have around home , but this 2 oz size is great for traveling . I have even sent this size home with new puppy owners.I have used Nutrical/Nutristat for years , but could not travel on planes with it as the tube is over the limit . Dyne has won me over .
 I 've been looking for a budgie food to replace Noah 's Kingdom . My bird loves this food , the ingredients seem to be of a high quality and the price is right . I have also used Goldenfeast foods for my pionus parrot with great results . The vendor shipped quickly and the food was carefully packaged .
 Nothing wrong with the product but my little parrotlets would n't touch it . They prefer the Petite blends ! I gave these larger chunks to my neighbor who has a large bird .
 We had looked everywhere for this particular fish tank and were very pleased to find it on Amazon for such a reasonable price . It was delivered promptly .
 This vet wrap is the best . I use some every single day to wrap my dog 's paw when we walk -LRB- she drags her leg due to a plate being in it -RRB- . Do not buy the off brand - the 3M is truly the best for quality .
 Nice obnoxious color . Sticks to its self not cloth , hair , walls , fur , etc. . Handy for vet use and also for videography temp fastening where you do n't have a Velcro strap around .
 This did the task very well , my dog had a hot spot I wanted her to get out of habit of licking it and this really helps , not too expensive but you must be careful not to wrap too tight . She got over the habit of licking it and it healed up very well with this and a non stick pad with Neosporin or Bannix spary on the pad then I just wrapped it . Stayed on well as long as your dog does not rip it off . I just had to watch her or put on the &#34; elizabethan collar &#34; .
 I 'm a former Chihuahua breeder from Chicago I really worry about keeping my lil guys healthy , I always make sure they get all they need . I 've tried many other vitamins before but always had trouble getting them to eat them , I had to crush them and hide them in the food everyday , very time consuming ! But had no other choice until we found these ! They break in half very easy by hand , My doggies love them , as if you were giving them an awesome treat ! It is now so very easy to give them vitamins every day ! A great product and I Highly recomend it to all dog lovers!Wendy
 My 12 yr old Sheltie mix was dying of bone disease and in constant pain - nearly unable to walk , crying when needing to move - my vet discovered lack of calcium-phosphorus through a blood test . Within 2 weeks of daily doses of 2 tabs of Vibac calcium , she began to move easier , crying stopped and now - 6 months later - she runs , jumps and plays with ease . I will continue giving her 1 tab a day to maintain her health . Thank you for a great price on a wonderful product .
 I make home cooked food for my dog and must supplement his diet with calcium . This product is great . Before I gave calcium to my dog , his nails were brittle , now his nails are strong and never crack . Would highly recommend this product for anyone who decides to make their dog home cooked meals and needs to supplement the calcium .
 i have a Labrador retriever , this is the only calcium vitamins i can make him eat , i was very happy with this product , i am more happy that after this product the dog hair looks betterand he no longer leaks the ground :-RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 phenomenal i like it.very good product.just as described.if you are wondering about it , because you never tried it . you have to buy it .
 My dog takes these with no problems ... you do n't need to use peanut butter . I 've bought these vitamins for 3 years and am very satisfied .
 My dog eats these pills like they 're a treat . Divide his daily dosage morning and evening and he looks forward to the time . I highly recommend these vitamins .
 We have a little dog Mollie , she is a chihuaha , pekingese mix and is 14 years old . She was really slowing down and even had trouble walking and going down a couple of stairs . A friend of mine reminded me that we had used a product called Champ years ago for our CockaPoo and had good luck with it then . I looked it up online and was happy to find it listed and thought we may as well try it . Amazon is so efficient and dependable that I received it in two days . I am so amazed to see the quick results after feeding this for a day or two to our little girl . She takes the steps no problem and is sure on her feet . I would highly recommend it to anyone that has an older pet or one with disabilities as you will be thrilled and your pet will feel so much better . I am wondering if I took some would it do the same for me ? LOL
 I love this stuff for my dogs ! The description was perfect and the shipping was also fast ! Thank you for a great deal on a great item !
 I give this too my 3 year old dog and he has become shiny , healthier looking and acting . Started noticing a difference after about 14 days on how well he was looking . I also give the kind for hip and joint to our 12 yr old wiener dog . She is a lot more active , moves a lot better , and seems much happier . I love this stuff !! If you have smaller dogs around 20lbs and under it lasts for a few months .
 We have a full breed Lab with the worst gas in the world !! She did n't just fart once & a great while , it was one after another , after another to the point the house smelled like a sewer , friends would come over and be like `` What is that smell !! `` At first I bought some really exspensive gas pills , and they worked great the gas was 100 % gone , but the fancy pet shop I had to drive a half hour too , was constantly sold out . Then I tired these Anit-Gas ones on Amazon becuase it always in stock and it cost HALF the price of the pet shop ones . At first it did n't seem to be working she was still gasing but not as bad as without it . I kept giving her these anit-gas and now 3 weeks later she is 100 % gas free !! They do work you just have to Give it Time , to build it up in their system and give it to the dog the same time EVERY day . I also found if i gave it to her an hour before she ate -LRB- give the pills time to digest -RRB- helped alot too .
 I was sceptical about if this product would work . After using it for a month I am convinced that it does -LRB- and at a better price then comparable brands -RRB- . We have two labs who have really bad gas . Before my husband and I started giving them these tablets they would pass gas numberous times in the evening when they were inside , every night , it was unbearable . Now , it 's every once in awhile -LRB- maybe once a week -RRB- . We would like to get them on a better diet -LRB- I was told to feed them a higher quality food w/meat as the first ingredient -RRB- and feed them separately so there is no competition and inhaling their food . I am sure glad I started with these tablets though as they help tremendously ! The dogs love them . They think they are getting treats . : -RRB-
 My dog has very bad gas problems . Two of these tablets seems to make it a lot better !
 I have a pitbull , and any pitbull owner knows how gassy these dogs can be . I started noticing a difference in about a week . I 'll definitely be ordering more . My dog could seriously gas you out of a room . It 's so nice to not to have to evacuate a room from a dog . That 's literally how bad it was . Now , we have n't has any issues . This is a great product ! And it does work , just give it about a week .
 I gave this product five stars because the pills work ! I give my Labrador 1 each day with his dinner , and have a pleasant smelling evening . If for some reason I forget to give him a pill with his dinner , he 'll clear out the room 4 or 5 times a night . No pill = smell , pill = no smell . Simple as that . Well worth it !
 Been using this product for several years with our older cat ... it lasted close to a month . When we adopted two kittens , now giving us 3 , I found the 1 month went down to a little over 1 week - which is what is stated . Keeps the odor down and makes life easer . I use it with the ScoopFree litter box . I did run out and used a similar product -- it did n't last a week and did n't keep the odor down -- was glad when my order came in and I was back to using the scoop free
 cats took to it first day . just as promised , no smell no mess . it is a dream !
 I have arthritis and it became very painful for me to scoop my cat 's litter tray . I bought the automatic litter box from ScoopFree and it has been wonderful for me and probably for my cat , too . It did n't take him long to get used to it and he is so fascinated when it begins the sifting process that he goes over to watch it.My only complaint is that supposedly the trays will last for weeks if you only have one cat . Sorry to say that mine will only last a week before it has to be replaced . It is a bit expensive but for me it is worth it .
 I love the ScoopFree Litter System and the ScoopFree Litter Tray Refills are great ! I would highly recommend to anyone who hates to clean litter boxes . A little pricey , but worth it . Not sure it would be worth it if you have more than one cat though .
 It is so much more convenient and just as cost effective to order through Amazon and let them deliver this item a few times a year ! We order one day and it arrives at our house within a surprisingly short time ! Cool !
 works great for 2 cats as long as you have one extra litter box . Must have one box per cat . lasts about 2-3 weeks . Is too expensive to use exclusively for more than one cat .
 ScoopFree Self-Cleaning Litter Box . This product makes having a cat a lot easier . You do n't have to scoop it every day and there is no odor if it is changed when needed . It will last about a month for one cat .
 I have used the Scoop Free system for a while now . Not only is it great in my own home , but the system is especially helpful for my father 's household . He lives with full time caregivers and sometimes the weekend caregivers would neglect the litter box , much to the dismay of the Monday-Thursday caregiver . With this system , everyone stays happy , my Dad , the cat and the caregivers .
 This is a great product . I thought the litter looked weird at first ... but it does the job!It absorbs the smell of my cats ' `` business '' within minutes of him going . I highly recommend spending the money on the litter box ... because it really does stop all odors ! And believe me ... I 've tried everything!I will be ordering this product again and hope you all out there give it try .
 I have used this product for almost two years . I love how easy they are to use . There is only one thing that I believe could improve it . Since there are six trays in each case I think if they were packed with 3 trays one direction and the other 3 the other direction the weight would be evenly distributed and would be much easier to carry .
 I have three house cats and have used the ScoopFree litter box for several years . I save about 25 % having the cartridges delivered over purchasing them at the store . The delivery schedule is convenient and I never run out . Mark the deliveries on a calendar , though so you know when to expect the next .
 Always excellent service . I get the delivery within days of ordering it . The box is always brown -LRB- my favorite color -RRB- with clear tape -LRB- which is all over the place -RRB- .
 love my cats ; hate tending the litter box . while this product does not completely do away with the problem , it certainly makes it less unpleasant . a little expensive , however ...
 The crystals significantly reduce the odor created by 3 cats.I have tried other brands and these work the best
 This is so easy to use with the automatic litter box . With 2 cats it has to be changed about every 10 days . It does n't leak or have a a discernible odor . I have used litter boxes for my cats for many years and this by far the best way to tend to the box . It is , however , rather expensive but the ease of use makes it worthwhile .
 I love not having to scoop , but after around 2 weeks the litter starts to smell a bit , mainly because my cat directs herself to one area in the box . I add in some extra crystals from the store to help stretch it out to 3 weeks . I 've never had a problem with any sort of leakage.A bit of advice
 My wife and I have used this product for years and while we 're considering changing over to the Forever Tray , we 've rarely had any issues with this product .
 I love the litter box & the litter ! This litter refill is just perfect for our home and locks in those smelly cat scents ! She is a very stinky kitty and at 1st I was very unsure about getting a new box that was open but my vet wanted an open box due to some health reasons -LRB- we had to watch how she went to the bathroom and afterward -LRB- what was left in the box -RRB- carefully and this box worked great for us . We loved it so much that even after the vet told us we could go back to our normal box we decided that we would just keep on using it . In her old box you could still smell her when she was done but even though this is open she does n't leave any smell , clean up is easier , the refills are really affordable when I compare them to what I was buying before -LRB- and I can even buy them in bulk - which I love -RRB- , and she does n't track her litter all over the place ! In her last box she tended to stand at the entrance and shake her paws everywhere sending litter all over our floors but with this scoop free box she is able to get in and out wherever she likes and steps all over the litter mats we have underneath . She does n't even shake her paws anymore just rub them on the mat.Putting these refills in could n't be any easier too - just open the box , dump the blue crystals into the tray and slide them in ! Your done ! Once a day I slide the machine through to clean out the box to make it nice and fresh for her , which she loves . I know others can be grossed out by the fact that things stay in the box for weeks but what my hubby has come up with and what we all seem to love is this
 This is by far the best litter system I 've ever used , but I 've only been able to get about 2 weeks out of a tray - for just 1 cat . When I push it to 3 weeks -LRB- or about 20 days as the product suggests -RRB- , the smell is unbearable . I have n't tried scooping it out mid-way yet , which some other reviewers have suggested , so I may give it a try to get some extra use out of the box.Using Subscribe & Save , it 's costing about $ 12.80 per box - that 's about $ 286/year , $ 22/month , about $ 5.50 / week , in my case . It 's not a cheap solution -LRB- and I 'd really like to get the full 20-30 days out of a box -RRB- , but in those first couple of weeks it 's in action , the odor control and convenience make it well worth it .
 These cartridges go in the ScoopFree Litter Box which I 've also reviewed . It depends on how many cats , how often they use the litter box , etc. , as to how long the boxes last before needing to be replaced but I 've never been able to make them last as long as they say they should . For one cat , a cartridge is supposed to last a month or 30 days , for two cats , 2 weeks or 15 days . I have two cats and the longest I 've been able to go is 10-12 days . That said , it does n't matter because I love this litter box . I probably had the first Littermaid when it came out and have had automatic litter boxes since so I consider myself a self-proclaimed litter box expert -LRB- please do n't put that in my obit ! -RRB- . The ScoopFree is the best automatic litter box on the market . The company , Lucky Litter , now offers a subscription for the litter cartridges , which is great . I ordered the cartridges from Amazon previously because they were the cheapest & I was able to order a 6-pk at a time , which saved on shipping , too , but ordering through the company is a little cheaper and you do n't have to remember to order because you 're on a subscription which you can adjust .
 I have bought both the 3 pack and the 6 pack of these crystal litter refills . I like the 6 pack better so I do n't have to buy so often but also because I have two boxes so I dont have an odd number of refills from just a 3 pack . As we know its cheaper to buy in bulk so if you have the room to store them - although they stack neatly in a corner and do n't take up much room anyway-buy the 6 pack and save a couple of bucks
 These are the easiest litter containers and I have three automatic boxes with five cats I need them and scoopfree is easy to change it really is one take the old one out 2 put the new one in 3throw the old one away and you are done . You never have to touch dirty litter again.I love them and so do my cats !
 I have three cats . Two females , and a male . When I bought this unit and started using the cartridges , the oldest female was 13 . There was an adopted male that was 1 , and a female rescue cat -LRB- horribly set upon by mange and god knows what else during the three months she spent in the alley before we rescued her -RRB- , who was also about 1 . I was concerned that the alley cat would have issues adapting to a new box . She did not - even though she absolutely * hated * the male cat and did whatever she could to avoid him . But she used the same litter box that he did . Almost two years later , she still hisses at the male cat and acts tough with him -LRB- he still thinks she 's playing , the dork ; he has no idea that she wants him roasting over a firepit like a stuck pig and considers his attempts to play an act of war -RRB- , but she still shares the same litter box.This was a godsend . If you have problems with the litter or the unit , be sure to call the company first before abandoning it . I noticed one reviewer here who did that , and the solution to their problem was very simple and quick.EDIT 9/29
 This product is the best litter system I 've ever used . But you do n't have to buy these cardboard cartridges . Go to e-bay and look for `` forever cartridges '' there 's a guy that makes these out of pvc and you can buy the crystal litter to fill them . It costs me about 1/2 as opposed to buying the scoop free cartridges .
 We adore our ScoopFree Self-Cleaning Litter Box - our only point of contention is buying these refills . Yes , the refills work fine . We love the whole concept of this system , the crystals are awesome at absorbing the odor , the tines never clump . However , it is pricey to buy in essence a cardboard box with some crystals in it for this much money . So we experimented and found a solution.Instead , we take their cardboard box and spray it with a regular spray lacquer like you find at any Michael 's store - a few coats . That makes it waterproof . Then we buy standard crystals at a WalMart . We get a ton of uses out of it , and just wash the box itself out every few weeks . We have two cats - one an 18 pounder , so rather large . He does n't have any issues at all with this . I 'll note that he does n't have his front claws , but our smaller cat -LRB- 8 pounds or so -RRB- is fully clawed and has n't had any issues with this either . No `` claws through the cardboard '' or anything . I imagine if you had some sort of tear-happy kitty you could reinforce the bottom with a sheet of plexiglass very easily , which would be quite washable and durable too.For us , however , that was n't necessary . Yes we might have to buy one of these every number of months to get a fresh , clean box to start with , but other than that you can certainly `` create your own '' without having to buy their units.I 'm not sure how to rate the unit then . I 'll give it a 5/5 because it is an awesome idea and you should get one or two to start with . However , keep in mind that you do n't need to keep buying them if you do n't want to - it 's just as easy to make your own once you understand how they work .
 I have been using this for years with my cat , Ricky . One tray refill lasts about 3 weeks with him . So , six trays will last quite a while . I really like this product a lot . It traps the odor and does an effective job . I keep this item in my cart at all times and monitor the price . When it drops , I buy it . For example , on May 11 , 2010 it was $ 85.43 ... which is $ 14.24 per tray . Great price , so I bought it . Most of the time , I see the price hovering around $ 99 ... so when the price drops , you need to snag it!In regards to knock-offs ... I tried twice another brand . That brand did not trap the odor and the litter smell was gross . The tray only lasted two weeks . I went back to Fresh Step Crystals/ScoopFree litter trays and will not buy an off-brand again.I hope this review helps you make your decision . Thank you !
 I love this product and litter system . Originally purchased the system on QVC but buy my cartridges on Amazon because it 's cheaper -LRB- plus free shipping if you 've signed up and this stuff is heavy -RRB- . I have one cat - a Cornish Rex - who is very , very fussy where she goes . With regular litter boxes , she 'd leave a mess if not scooped every day by backing up to hang over the box . Yulk . This system is perfect for her and me . I do n't scoop and it lasts the entire month . Around the 20th day , I take a scooper and remix the litter pellets in the main area -LRB- not under the lid -RRB- . Then , you have the fresh smell until day 31 . Whoever invented this system was a genius .
 The Scoop Free cat litter system is the best I 've ever used . It has exceeded my expectations . I recommend it to all cat owners .
 This product certainly beats traditional litter options , however ... . it wo n't last 30 days as they suggest . I have one cat , just an average female and `` IF '' I scoop the poop every day or two , and add a good 3 cups of additional litter crystals -LRB- there 's not enough in te bag they provide with each tray -RRB- I can get about 15 to -LRB- I 've tollerated it -RRB- to 18 days . After 18 days , and that 's WITH scooping the poop and adding litter ... well , it 's pretty rank . Do n't get me wrong , it beats traditional litter maintenance , just know that you have maybe 10 days `` as is '' and can push it to 15 oto 18 days with my suggestions .
 way better than regular litter ! be careful if you step on a brand new crystal though - it can hurt !
 These cartridges can be very expensive . I 'm still hoping the prices will go down , but getting it from Amazon in bulk is the best deal . This 6 pack at 79.99 is a savings of over $ 2 per cartidge . Also anything that is eligible for super saver shipping is an awesome bonus . Thanks Amazon .
 Love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it ! gim me an A
 We are very pleased with ScoopFree Litter Box System . The refill trays that we purchased are great . Although much more costly than regular litter box , it is a clean , efficient and easy way to take care of a less-than-pleasant chore . Delivery was just a few days after we ordered .
 We have 3 cats . We change out the litter every 7 to 10 days . Completely worth it .
 Very easy to install and change . The crystals need to be stirred every three or four days . Other than that there is nothing you need to do .
 I -LRB- my cat actually -RRB- had been a user of littermaid automatic cat boxes for years . We recently switched to the Scoop Free automatic cat box and am thrilled !! It is so much cleaner than before and so easy to switch to a new cartridge on a monthly basis . My cat loves it also . Amazon shipped the refill cartridges very quickly .
 I just recently purchased the Scoop free litter box for my sweet little kitty ! Everyone and cat included absolutely loves this product . While I have not tried the forever tray or another kind of crystal , this tray and crystal system works great at keeping the smell down . In comparison to the $ 75 - $ 120 every other month I spent on clumping litter by Purina -LRB- my cat did not like other cheaper brands ! -RRB- , the price of these trays are a dream.Buying a 6 pack for $ 79.99 is definitely the best deal I have found so far . I bought 2 6 packs of trays , so I am set for 12 months for $ 159.99 . I got the free shipping as well and this makes it an even better deal ! Going to petsmart will now be only for his food , treats and toys -- a much more enjoyable visit than when I had to carry those terribly heavy litter containers ! I honestly dreaded going.Also I did some calculations and this means that each tray over 12 months is $ 13.33 taxes not included . It turns out to be $ 14.10 per tray with taxes so this is still less than the $ 15/tray or $ 49.99 / 3 pack at petsmart without sales tax . This makes it the best deal I can find -- I am so glad I made the initial investment to purchase the scoop free system . This also significantly reduces my stress level because I really dislike having to worry about having enough litter for the litter box . The whole system is so much easier and cheaper than what I was doing before . It really makes it worthwhile and worth the money ! Please , please do not increase the price because I wo n't want to pay more than $ 13/tray per month . I have one cat and this is much more economical for me !
 I have been using these boxes and litter for about 2 years for my one male cat with claws . He started using it immediately when I got it . I change boxes after he has used it for 50-55 tines . I have the box with the counter and have found that about 50 uses it container is full . No odors and not raking . Would not use anything else . Yes , it cost to much . It is still a 5 star product to me .
 This product is absolutely wonderful , as far as I am concerned . It absorbs odor very effectively , manages to evaporate urine in some manner , and turn fecal matter into small , dry pieces . I 'm not sure how the blue crystals work , but they do . The box in which the crystals come is ridiculously easy to use , never spills out on the floor , and makes the cat happy . This ScoopFree system is a no-brainer for anyone who wants a truly hands off litter system for them and their cat . My cat uses the box about five times a day ; the digital counter that comes with the system confirms that ; so , I have to install a new box and crystal litter about once every 18 or 19 days . That 's a bit less than advertised , but still very acceptable . My only complaint is that the replacement boxes and litter are a bit expensive . However , buying them in lots of six reduces the cost to about $ 13.33 per box , which costs me a little less than a dollar a day . For the convenience , cleanliness , and happiness of my cat , this is very reasonable . Looking for the cheapest price is the only hangup I have with the system . But , as of now , it is the best product on the market , in my opinion . Even with the cost for each box , I still have to give it five stars .
 Although this is a review for the litter , which would not work without the scoop free unit , the litter itself is great . I have 2 cats and I have never been diligent about cleaning the box . This system makes it so easy and when you are ready to change the cartridge , just put the lid back on the litter and throw it away . I am so impressed with this system , having had an electric litter box before , this one is the best .
 These litter cartidges make my life as the house maid -LRB- :--RRB- in a six cat house so much easier.It is clean , easy and super fast to exchange and the disinfecting work cuts down to the minimum -LRB- just wipe out the inside of the machine , the ramp and the rake -RRB- . Easy Peasy 1 2 3 finnished .
 A bit heavy with the 6 pack , but very handy to have around . Wish you could use other litter with the boxes , though .
 Since this refill is made for the Scoop Free litter system it works like it should . One cat , one cartridge a month . Since you have to use these anyway , buying in bulk saves .
 This is by far the best way to keep litter in your home . We have two cats , both over 17 lbs , who poop at least 2-3 times a day . Before the Scoop Free box and litter , we would be changing and cleaning the litter box every other day . Any longer and the room would stink . So far we 've had this product for 2 weeks without ANY problems !! No stink , no mess , no litter on the rug -LRB- maybe a couple of crystals , but nothing like before -RRB- . Just yesterday I put some litter freshener inside , and the thing smelled great ! HIGHLY recommend this product .
 I have two Scoop Free systems -LRB- four cats -RRB- The refill cartridges are definitely on the expensive side . However , it has made my life easier in terms of cleaning litter boxes .
 We -LRB- 3 cats and owners -RRB- love the scoop free system . The cartridges are pricey . However , they sell the litter at Walmart , so we scoop out some of the old and add new to make them last longer . We also scoop out the waste end every couple days just to make more room and increase longevity . I can make them last for about 13 to 16 days doing this . The best thing about these is that there is much less odor , almost none compared to clay litter . Changing the cartridges is so easy and fast . We had the littermaid before this and this is by far a superior product . I highly recommend this product .
 Great product that makes everything so much easier and tidier.Our cats enjoy the crystal litter very much .
 We have multiple cats in our house and the scoop free box was the way to go . Buying the 6 pack really saves money and you have them at hand when you need them . We received them in a nice box for storage to keep for when we need them . Better than searching the stores for one at at time .
 This system is quiet , clean and easy . The box eliminates problems with clogging . No smell , so you have to set a regular schedule for changing . Two weeks for my two large cats . You hate spending 15 $ for $ 2 worth of crystals in a cardboard box , but I put a high value on my laziness . Order 6 -LRB- or more -RRB- at a time and you can forget most of your litter problems .
 I used to own a Litter Maid cat litter box , but the awful tent-like hood , and although the automatic litter box was not litter-brand specific , it was such a pain to clean every 3 days with 2 cats.I highly recommend this product because the hood is a lot better , it requires less litter cartridge changes -LRB- once a month for 1 cat , once every 2 weeks for 2 cats -RRB- , and if youre a busy person like me who works long hours . . its nice to come home in the evenings and not have to deal with the litter clean up every night or every few days .
 I love this system and having them delivered to my door is great !
 I will never settle for anything less again ! These are GREAT and , if you change them on time , will be the LEAST smelly litter box you 'll ever have to deal with ... and then you only deal with it ONCE every 14-21 days ! You just throw out the old one & put in a new one and Voila ! It 's quick/painless and my kitty approves : -RRB-
 It really is ScoopFree . No more going away for vacation and coming home to a rank house . The only downside is the box can be a bit heavy when you order so if you have to carry it up stairs , open the box and carry 3 or 4 cartridged individually .
 This is the greatest cat box and litter ever !
 I like this litter , just wish it did n't cost so much . We have a small apartment in NYC , and using this and the Scoop Free leads to very little smell until the end of the month where a urine smell becomes noticeable -LRB- at least to me , my wife does n't really notice it so it ca n't be too bad -RRB- . Ideally I would change this 2x a month , but wo n't b/c of the expense . We have one adult cat who is small though - more than one , or a large male would certainly change things!I wish the scoop free could use any clumping litter like the litter maid , and that you could just change the waste section ... but overall I like this product quite a bit!oh , you can buy pvc inserts on ebay and fill them with your own litter - but I feel this specific litter -LRB- which I ca n't find separately -RRB- really plays a huge part in why our apartment does not smell like cat !
 I 've been using the product for about 6 months now . Definately a lot cleaner and easier than the Littermaid . I found the replacement cartridges a little cheaper online , but watch out for the shipping . Their heavy .
 We have three cats , so its hard for the cartridges to keep up with them . It would last forever with just one cat . They work very well and I really like not having to empty it every couple of days like you do the Littermate receptacles . It lasts us about 1-2 weeks . I 'd like to see a better way of attaching it to the top part of the machine . It 's hard to move around to clean under it because the two pieces come apart easily . I think the litter does n't track as much as the clumping litter which is a big plus . The blue color makes it easy to see to sweep , but it also makes the floor look dirty . It would be nice to have a way of taping the lid on once its ready for the trash so the two sides do n't come apart in the garbage can . Overall , a good advance in kitty potties .
 We are very happy with the new system . The refills are a bit pricey , but Amazon price beats even the manufacturer 's website price , plus they give you free shipping . We buy a case of six at a time . We have two cats , so my husband scoops the solid waste tray after about two weeks so that it does n't fill up . It is so much nicer than traditional litter . My two used it the very first day . I kept their old litter box because I had read that some cats take time to adjust . They never used the old one . Right after we set it up , we hit the power button to make sure it worked and the cats came running to watch . After it finished they jumped in to check it out and then used it from that day . I would no sooner give it up than I would give up my computer for a typewriter . Why go back once you have upgraded to the best in new technology ?
 I love the Scoop Free Litter box . The refill cartridge is a snap to use . No more smelly cat box !
 The 6-pack is a good deal compared to other prices on the web . Overall , I love the Scooop Free litter box , it 's so much nicer/quieter/cleaner than my old Littermaid ! Box is a little bulky to dispose of , but that 's only a minor gripe .
 I have used multiple automatic litter boxes over the years , and when the new littermade came out with the metal rake , it was time to change brands . The new littermade model is terrible , even with all of the tricks I 've developed to make it work over the years.I researched and decided to try the scoop free litter box . I have 1 adult male cat who is a senior citizen with not-so-great kidneys that urinates a lot . I know that my cat uses his box a lot , but I can not even get a litter refill to last more than 6 days , even adding extra crystals to help soak up the urine and stirring the crystals twice a day . Therefore , this box has proven to be quite expensive . However , that is the only drawback I have to this box and its refills . I love the box , and because I am so busy and my cat likes clean his litter box kept pristine , I am very happy with this product and will continue to use it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have had this item for 4 months now , and both the cat and I are happy individuals . What a wonderful thing . It 's well worth the money for the initial buy .
 This the best price on these cartridges and they are the same ones as you find in a retail store . Why pay more ? Work great in my scoop free litter box .
 this item is a fantastic product ... it makes caring for a litter box a minimal experience , which is something I love ... the box works terrifically and these replacements are extremely easy to use and to discard ... the only downside might be the weight and perhaps the price ... , but sometimes it 's just worth it ...
 I have three cats . Persian , Himalayan , and domestic short hair . I was going through three cartilages a month . I discovered that I could buy the same crystals at Target for $ 11 8lb bag . I use the same box for a month and just change the crystals every 10 days . This is working out and the cost has gone down .
 You will never go back to standard litter trays , very low maintenance . The cat seems to love it as well .
 I found out that I was pregnant two months after we took in a rescue cat . My husband and I love the cat , but neither one of us is much fond of cleaning the box . It became my job . After getting pregnant it had to become his . Taking out the litter once a month and just putting in a new box is great . We highly recommend it . We sprinkle a bit of baking soda or organic freshener onto the litter every once in awhile just to keep things extra fresh and have never had a problem .
 This product is the best . I have one cat , and I change the cartridge about once a month . Limited mess and odor . A little pricey , but that 's ok by me if I only have to deal with litter for 10 minutes , once a month .
 I already knew that I really liked the Scoopfree kitty litter trays , but finding it on-line for the same price as the store , with free shipping was great ! They 're kind of a pain to pick up in the store , but delivery right to the house makes this a lot less bothersome .
 I 've tried one other type of automated litter box and the Scoop Free one is far superior . Instead of using clumping litter , Scoop Free uses absorbing litter which means that the only thing that needs to be moved is the solid waste . The automatic rake does a great job of that.On a money note , Amazon has the cheapest price for these if -LRB- and only if -RRB- you choose Super Saver shipping .
 I have two cats and two of these litter systems . They are WONDERFUL ! We change one about every 6 weeks and the other ever 3 -LRB- the cats use one more than the other -RRB- . It really has been nice to not worry about scooping and changing litter all the time.Once you have the system , it 's not that much expensive than regular litter . Buy the trays in the 6-packs to save even more !
 I love my Scoopfree Litterbox and these litter trays ! I literally use a single tray per month with one cat . With my cat , there is no smell until the crystals are saturated ... consistently about a month . I 've asked friends -LRB- honest -RRB- if they notice a cat odor in my house and they have all said no.BTW , I tried using one of the plastic &#34; permanent &#34; trays with my automatic litter box , thinking I would save money . 1 -RRB- It really was n't much cheaper , and 2 -RRB- it defeats the whole purpose of easy litter box changes . If you get these using a Subscribe and Save subscription in boxes of 6 , they are really priced reasonably !!
 I am no longer able to bend repeatedly to clean my cat 's box . With Scoopfree , I only have to do it every two weeks!I have two cats.Even better , it has no nasty smell . I moved the box to my computer room and you woouldnt know it was there ! Seems like magic .
 I have used just about every kind of electric cat box and litter on the market . Finally decided to try the ScoopFree litter box . I thought it would be too expensive to use but when I figured out how much I was spending on kitty litter per month , and the weekly changing , etc , the price came out about the same.My concern then was that my 10 year old cat may not like it . Then I saw that the box itself had a 90 day guarantee refund so I thought , why not!As it turned out , my cat LOVES it and so do I . The ScoopFree Tray Refills are so simple and easy to use . Just raise up the unit , replace the old tray with the new one and you 're back in business ! The lid from the new one is used to cover the used tray and you can just toss it in the garbage.Before I change my tray , I get two pieces of shipping tape about 6 '' long and use it to tape the lid on the used box before discarding it . It would be nice if they provided some strips of tape for that purpose.One thing about buying these from Amazon.com is they are far less expensive than buying them in your local pet store . Most want around $ 18 per refill which is a lot more than Amazon 's 6 pack.I will have to say , this litterbox and the refill trays are the very best that I have used over the last 10 + years . It gets my vote !
 This has become an easy way to handle a constant and necessary task for an older woman with a loving cat . I love it and better yet my cat loves it . Not only a good product but I am able to have it on automatic re order , so life is much easier .
 While I agree it is expensive . It is really easy and quick . I have found that I can get two weeks with two cats . So every other week on trash day I take it out and I have no odors nor do I have to scoop the box . This is also better than the other type of automatic liter boxes because it does n't get jammed . I would give it a 5 except the price is still a little high in my opinion . I also wish that amazon would put it in their subscribe and save section too .
 Over the past year or so , the local pet store -LRB- PET Smart -RRB- stopped carrying the true ScoopFree Refill Trays , and started carrying a compatible tray . The litter had to be changed way more frequently . Even the cat new it was terrible ... I ordered these trays on Amazon , and was exstatic to see that it was the original Refill Trays that I used to get and they are sooo much better ... we have a happy kitty again . = -RRB-
 I 've used ScoopFree for several years and it 's worked like a charm . I ran into a huge problem , about a year ago , when another company -LRB- LitterMaid -RRB- started selling FAKE ScoopFree trays and the local pet store stopped carrying the real thing . That was a huge nightmare - my cat stopped using the box - she 'd leave `` packages '' all over the place , the box leaked , and the odor was unreal . In desperation , I found that I could buy replacement trays on Amazon and that they were less expensive than any other source . My cats -LRB- I 've since got a second one -RRB- are now very happy again and so am I . The important thing is to make sure you buy the real ScoopFree trays as the fake ones are a nightmare .
 I have been using these trays for about a year now and they do a great job of controlling the smell and they are very easy to change out , which I like . However , the cost seems a bit much and also they do not last 30 days . I have 2 boxes each used by one cat and can only get two weeks at most out of them .
 We have ordered this 6-refill package for a long time and it is a high quality product and both our cats and our family love having a clean and odor-free litter-box that is so easy ! The refill orders come so quickly from Amazon , it always surprises me - and we just moved to a rural location that can only be reached by an hour and a 1/2 of extremely curvy roads , and they STILL came quickly !
 After a year or so of having to buy the litter tray refills with the smaller , crummy crystals , I finally got the ScoopFree Litter Refills with the `` original '' premium blue crystals . These premium crystals are twice the size of the ones and last at `` least '' twice as long .
 I love being able to obtain these trays in six packs . What a time saver ! We have three cats so we replace weekly . These are the same trays you would purchase individually in a shop . cost savings - time savings - its a win-win !
 Having had a Littermaid before and liking it I sought to find another automatic cat box and came across the Scoopfree while surfing the net . It seemed a little pricey and was n't sure how my 5 cats would adjust to a non-clay litter but figured it was worth a whirl . Granted the unit and the refils are expensive especially for multiple cats but there is virtually no odor from this cat box even when it is full plus the convenience of just removing the tray , covering the used crystals with the new tray 's box top , putting the whole sordid mess into a trash bag and tossing it , then slipping the new tray with the crystals in is 100 % better dealing with clay litters on any level . Plus the subscription plan to have them delivered to my door at a $ 2.00 per tray savings over having to go to the pet store for a refil is just so convenient . This unit and it 's crystal litter have two thumbs up from this multicat household !!!!
 This litter works really really well . It successfully reduces most of the unpleasant smell . The reason why I give it only 4 stars is it says that the litter can last for 30 days , but it actually works the best for around 25 days for my adult cat .
 I was surprised the system works that well . Is perfect . I will highly recommend to all . Specially for elderly and handicap people that have cats and may find the shores of daily bending and cleaning a litter box difficult . This product will save you all that work.To dispose the trys , just lift up the unit and place a new tray refill in . As mentioned in other reviews , place the lid over the old try , secure with some tape or duct tape , and out to the trash can . And ordering new trays is super easy .
 I have 3 adult cats and two Scoop Free automatic litter boxes . When you have multiple cats and regular boxes you must scoop numerous times per day and heaven help you if you are gone all day or over night . These litter refill trays are convenient to use and store . I order them 6 at a time . When they arrive I open all of them and get them prepped -LRB- take out cardboard filler , open littter bag and empty into refill box , pop the top on and store them stacked in a closet -RRB- . So when it 's time to change the box -LRB- about every 30 or so uses -RRB- all I have to do is lift the automated box off the refill , put a lid on the refill box -LRB- tape it shut - very important step and pitch it -RRB- put the fresh refill down and place the automated box back on top . You must be careful with the automated box because sometimes it gets ` dirty ' and you have to wipe it down with clean soapy or bleach water . This system is worth every penny . Urine just absorbs into the crystal litter . I do not have a problem with any smell .
 I buy the six pack and it will last a year thanks to the liners I found that fit inside the tray . 1 tray lasts me about 2-3 months with the liner inserts and store bought crystals . -LRB- Bare in mind I have 3 cats and 2litter boxes so I am replacing the liners about once a week -RRB-
 I have two cats , and I use two every two weeks . I could probably stretch it a bit longer , but the garbage comes once a week . It is a very expensive way to do cat litter.On the positive side , it works pretty much exactly as described - with the automatic litter , I do n't have to clean the litter at all . I 've found it works better if you put out 1/3 of the bag , then add more as needed , but that 's about it.These are good quality , and the best price I 've found . I do subscribe and save from amazon , and the litter shows up at my door with little fuss .
 Although we have only had it for a week , I am so impressed by this product ! I intially bought it as an alternative to having someone pet sit as we have in the past when we go on vacation . We have 2 cats-Vinnie and Snookie . Vinnie is much more active and social than the other . Within minutes of setting it up , both cats immediately used it and although they were curious about the automatic movement of the rake-Vinnie even got surprised once by the cleaning cycle when it had just been used by Snookie-they have since acclimated quite nicely.What is most impressive is the fact that there is no odor whatsoever ! We would have to clean the old litter box multiple times a day as Vinnie is also a frequent eater and I had tried every deodorizing product on the market but we still found that we had to dump the litter box about every other day due to the strong ammonia odor . And without the feces in the box for the next cat to step on , I feel more confident that they are not tracking their business through the house.I highly recommend this product for anyone whether you have one or more cats . It has been a lifesaver not having to constantly clean the box-I do n't even anticipate having to change the trays as often as recommended which makes it definitely worth the money .
 After more than 4 months I have n't convinced my 2 cats to completely switch to the ScoopFree system . Both cats are about 6 years old and we got them within a week of one another when they were about 4 months old . The 6.5 lb Persian likes it well enough -LRB- now -RRB- , and is using it maybe 3-4 times a day . Unfortunately my tabby -LRB- 10 lbs -RRB- does n't seem to care for it , and I 've only caught her using it/checking it out maybe a half dozen times . So I have a traditional litter box with clumping `` sand '' as well . Even when I decrease the liter in the traditional cat box and only clean it twice a week , the tabby still seems to prefer it . In general it 's a lot easier to clean since the one cat is using the ScoopFree box . All-in-all I have n't experienced the wet , smelly ScoopFree box others complain about but like I said I still have two cat boxes . The ScoopFree trays are also lasting a very long time - the first one lasted 3 months before there were very little crystals left . However I only expect the next tray to last a month and that 's with adding a cup or two of crystals . Within the next few weeks I plan to change the ScoopFree litter box location and place it where the old litter box is located -- under the staircase in the `` closet '' . Hopefully there 's enough room for both boxes in the washing machine tray and it wo n't be too expensive to add an outlet -LRB- something I did n't think about when I bought the ScoopFree box -RRB- , so this will be the ultimate test .
 Works well , easy to set up , very convenient . The cat took to it well ; was fascinated when the rake starts moving . The only downside I can think of is the price . Otherwise , there 's really nothing to complain .
 This product is fantastic ! I am no longer a slave to my cats ' litter box . So easy to set up and dispose of waste .
 system keeps litter smell down . tray system to slide waste away from view without too much fuss . tray will last about a week w / two cats .
 We 've used the ScoopFree Self-Cleaning Litter Box for 5 years . We only have one cat now , though we have had as many as 4 cats . I ca n't say enough about how much we love the ScoopFree Self-Cleaning Litter Box . These refill trays are about 8 dollars less then the ones we buy locally -LRB- when we can find them -RRB- . This 6 pack will last about 6 months . Great Buy . Thanks Amazon.com .
 I love my fresh step litter box , the crystals absorb all the urine and smell . I have the box in a nook outside my bedroom door and you would never know it was there . I had no trouble getting my cats to use it.The down side is the cost . It is only effective if you have 1-2 cats . More than that and the cartridges would need to be replaced weekly . With 2 cats I could go 3-4 weeks now that I 'm down to one cat I can go 4-5 weeks before changing the cartridge . The cartridges are easy to change . I tried several automatic self cleaning litter boxes and this is by far the best one on the market .
 Wrote a review for this earlier but great machine , works as advertised but the delivery method was horrendus . The litter was not secured so it went through the whole floor when opened and worse yet , the crystals went through the gears in the machine . We had to carefully dismantle the whole unit and clean the crystals from the gears and computer chip !!!
 The product itself works very well and makes litter box stuff easier . The only downside of ordering the cartridges online is that more than once the box has come a little dented . Which normally would n't be a big deal , except that if the cartridges get bent they may not work properly in the litter box.So the product is great - it 's just the shipping you need to look out for .
 I love my cats , but I hate their litter box . These litter cartridges reduce the smell and the mess and hassle of cleaning up . It 's the best thing to happen to owners of indoor cats ever .
 I have to say that cleaning up after my cat has gotten a lot easier with these litter cartridges for my auto cat box . I have one cat and the litter cartridge lasts almost 30 days , but that all depends on how humid it is outside and in my house . When it 's a nasty rainy day outside you can sometimes smell the litter box regardless if it has been 5 or 15 days . Since the crystals work by absorbing and de humidifying the pee and poop , humid weather does n't really help the crystals at all.But I have to say I am really happy with this cat llitter system and find that it is the best one out there so far . Now if they can only find a way to stop the crystals from sricking to my cats paws so he does n't track it all over the house that would be great . This litter gets tracked around the house and outside of the litter box much less than clumping litter , Oh get the litter mat , that is deff worth it , it does help .
 We evaluated every automatic kitty litter box on the market before buying the Scoop Free that these cartridges are for . I LOVE them . Cleaning a regular kitty litter box is no fun at all , but these refill litter cartridges make it fast and easy now -- not to mention that these have NO litter box smell . We have two cats and only have to change the box every 14 to 15 days . Absolutely worth the money !
 We like this litter box but the refill crystals is expensive . There is no way the litter cartridge can last for 30 days even for 1 cat . I had to clean and refill this every week otherwise my cat would do her poop outside the box . At least I do n't have to do it everyday when I was using the clumping litter .
 I have two cats and travel a lot for my work . I was previously using normal scoopable litter , but as travel increased , this became a problem . My neighbors take care of my cats - stop in to play/feed every day or every other day -LRB- I know - the best neighbors ever !!! -RRB- . I did n't think it was fair to ask them to scoop for me too !!! So I started looking for an automatic litter box . Talked to several people about other systems and problems they had . Bought this at Petsmart - based on their 100 % satisfaction policy - they will accept a return even after you use it and decide you do n't like it . My first one did stop auto scooping , took it back without a receipt and they replaced no questions asked . Have had no problems since . I buy the cartridges in bulk on line - ca n't beat Amazons ' pricing and customer service ! Well worth the increase in price from traditional scoop litter .
 I 'd give it 5 stars if it were a little cheaper ... a fantastic product for the scoopfree system
 I have two cats and prior to getting the Scoop Free Automatic Litter BoxI was having to scoop out the litter box every 2-3 days . If I did n't myhouse smelled like a litter box . Except for the fact that I have one smelly cat the reduction in odor is phenomenal .
 Okay , I have to say it kinda creeps me out when Amazon asks me to post a picture or video with my litterbox review.This is the only automatic cat box I 've seen that actually works . And it works well . The cartridges are n't cheap , but for avoiding the daily hassle of a messy box ? Worth it .
 Of the litter trays , this is the best ! I tried LitterMaid and the smell was horrible ! And do n't get me started on `` Just Crystal '' - I hate it as well as my cats . That stuff just does n't work any more than the permanent tray does . I 'll stay with ScoopFree Litter Tray Refills .
 Been buying this product a long time . I usually purchase them from a local pets mart.This is a far better price -LRB- buying in bulk -RRB- that what I have been previously paying for them individually.A nice savings ...
 product came IMMEDIATLY . I love this litter box , but the cartridges can be hard to even find in pet stores , and are very pricey . This online purchase is a deal , and VERY convenient .
 I 've been using the ScoopFree automatic litter box for my cat for about five years now . I have learned to go right to Amazon whenever I need refills . I get the best price and delivery that way.Amazon is the best !
 I know that this review is for the cartridges , but I have to start with the unit itself . If you are looking for an automated cat box that really works , this is the one . The Scoopfree automated litter box has been by far the best I have tried , and these replacement cartridges -LRB- box -RRB- work with the Scoopfree litter box better than the generic cartridges I have tried.Advantages
 I am so happy that amazon has this product it was getting hard to find it in my pet store . I purchase 6 at a time and with the Prime program I get free shipping . Great product .
 works well . change litter for 1 cat once a month . worth the price .
 I rescued two feral cats and started to use this project because I dreaded the hassle of traditional kitty litter . Both the litter and the self-cleaning box with the hood are fantastic . The crystals absorb well the urine and remove the odor . If there is any drawback I would say it is the metal rake . Sometimes stool attaches and cleaning is a chore . I absolutely recommend this , but I understand others ' concern about cost . I hope that as this becomes more popular the cost will drop .
 i ordered scoop free litter trays for a long time now . i like it very much , it makes the clean up so much easier , it is quite costly though especially when you have six cats .
 Good product with a good price - only complaint is the weight of the product when I received it!Not thinking that it 's 6 litter box 's worth of cat litter , I ordered it , received it , then had to have a neighbor haul it into the house for me ! If you do n't have the ability to carry something that heavy , definitely go with theScoopFree Litter Tray Refills , 3 Pack - it might be a little more money , but it 'll save your back and embarrassment!Another thing you can do -LRB- which I did -RRB- is get theForever Litter Tray -LRB- permanent replacement for Scoop Free disposable cartridges -RRB- and buy the litter separately . Saves money in the long run , but you end up washing and I just do n't want to deal with that every week . I 'll take the disposables .
 We 've tried several and so far this one has been the best . We have had two setup in the house for about the past six months which I recommend if you have multiple cats . We tried using one with two cats and we were changing the cartridges once a week . With two boxes I can stretch it to about 3 weeks .
 We have two cats and always used the littermaid automatic litter box , but when they came out with a new version , it did n't work as well -- always got clogged up , etc. . So , when we saw the fresh step , we decided to try it . It works great . We love it . One trick , though , is to put some masking tape along the back on top of the box from the back to the front about 2-3 inches . This keeps the cats from getting too far back when they pee where the wetness if it gets on the cleaning mechanism , can cause it to clog with the litter stuff . In fact , that was the problem with the new littermaid . The mechanism comes up and then forward , so you could no longer put that masking tape on there , and that is why it always got clogged up.Anyway , we love the fresh step cleaning system . It lasts for two weeks with two cats . No muss clean up , less `` stuff '' because there is no clumping , and no odor . The box always looks like we just put a new box in . Very simple , and maintenance free for the two-week period . I would highly recommend it .
 I have 2 cats ages 6 & 7 years old . I bought the Scoop Free Litter Box after reading several reviews . I was getting tired of emptying the litter box every day and felt I could not leave on trips unless I had someone to come in and change the litter box . This is one of the best things I have every bought . My female cat took to the box right away but my male cat took almost 2 weeks . It will last a good 10-12 days and if you stir the litter around some can get 14 days out of it . It so easy to forget that you even have a litter box in the house . To me it 's very quiet and the cats have gotten use to the noise when it cleans . The area inside the box is fairly small compared to the larger litter box I had but the cats have gotten use to it . I do not recommend the hood because it makes it harder for the larger cats to move around .
 I 've been using this product ever since I 've had my cat - probably three or four years - and I like it so much I bought another for our vacation house . It 's a bit more of an investment but it 's worth it to not have to clean a litter box every day . The house does n't smell and the box is covered so the litter does n't end up all over the floor . I love it !
 I have been using the scoop free fresh step auto litter box now for over 6 months with no problems of leaking . I have a 7 year old Maine Coon weighing approx . 12 lbs and like Maine Coons he is a big cat . The box is always clean , and litter refill lasts approx 4 weeks . Something people with leak problems might try is to place a plastic bag between the lid and the box . I suggest buying the 3 pack because if you are a prime member shipping is free.Shipping on the 6 pack is not , so any savings are lost by freight costs . Also the 6 pack box is huge . Storage is easier for the 3 pack .
 Scoop Free LB1 Self-Cleaning Litter BoxMy cats are large - just not Maine Coon large . As far as ordinary domestic cat size , two of my five cats are large . And consequently , I go through the cartridges faster than 2/15 days . Even so , I rate this highly because my cats immediately adapted to using this system without * mistakes . * There is * no * odor or fragrance ! I also discovered great relief in ridding my house and myself of the heavy bags of litter and the scattering messes I , the cats , and the hole-y bags had always made.I would change my review to 5 of 5 stars if Amazon allowed at this time .
 Product was received promptly and as listed . The free shipping made this a great bargan .
 The litter refills are fast and easy to change . With 2 cats I have to change the cartridge approximately every 10 days . Wish it lasted longer !
 I use the scoop free litter cartridges for a 15 lb . cat . while they do not last 30 days , it makes litter cleanup a lot easier and it does not smell
 My cats and I love the fresh step litter cartridges and getting it from amazon.com is very convenient .
 i am 71 yrs old w/4 cats and this is the very greatest product.so easy to change and dispose of , not able to carry the big bags or bend over to scoop out boxes.never smells and cats love it .
 Product delivered in a timely fashion . It performs as advertised and is quite a convenience . The price on Amazon was the lowest I could find .
 about 3 yrs ago i started to use the product & was disappointed that it did not last a month as advertised . now i 'm happy to have it . even though it still does n't last a month , i do n't have to even look there for 2 to 3 weeks . the cartridges are not cheap , but they worth it . everybody who comes to my apt . says they are surprised there is a cat and there is no cat smell .
 This product is expensive as far as litter goes but it is worth every penny . It completely hides odor -LRB- except when the cats first go before it is scooped away a few minutes later -RRB- . I have tried many kinds of litter boxes and many kinds of litter and this is definitely head and shoulders above all the others .
 We had one cat , now we have three , one with mega-poo 's . I was constantly scooping . First auto scooper seized from the workout - this one does n't ! We have to change the popular one twice a week , but only once a month for the less liked one . Only downside -- expensive ! very expensive . If I lose my job , I will go back to manual sewage removal ...
 I have tried many cat box litters and types of boxes and this is the best by far . You ca n't even tell I have 3 cats .
 good product that is better than traditional litter with the dust and waste but this is on the expensive side and a little waste throwing the whole tray away each time but overall a good product .
 This is a great product although the cost is a bit more . I have tried clay , paper , pine and all sorts of other litter types . I even had the littermaid automatic litter box with clay litter but the clay would be difficult to clean when it was time to change the litterbox . My life is so much easier now with the scoopfree and these litter trays !
 These convenient litter packages last about 3 weeks for a 15 lb cat . Simple to use , and easy to clean up .
 These litter trays are top rate ! I have used them for several years and have never had a problem with them . The price is acceptable , too .
 I love not having to change our litter box . These refills are fantastic with the ScoopFree automatic litter box . We change it about ever four weeks for our two cats . We did opt for the privacy hood , which helps with keeping litter in the box after the cats `` bury '' their waste . Once you try this product , you will never go back to self-scooping . It is worth the higher cost .
 Solved kitty litter training regression . We are a two cat household , one of the cats was seeking out `` alternate '' sites , ie clothing on floor , laundry baskets left out , etc more and more frequently over the past year . Previously had another automatic litter device that they had used for several years without problem . Going into our 3rd month with this litter and no accidents . We also get less litter scattered about , and it 's much easier/cleaner to change than previous automatic litter box , overall just cleaner . We get about 2 to 3 weeks per tray with 2 cats . Very happy !
 UPDATED
 I am very satisfied with the refills as far as how they work and buying the 6 pack saved me significantly .
 These are great . use them with Scoop Free Litter box , no more odor , easy clean up , slide them out and toss away . . ca n't get any easier than that ...
 Wow , what a difference this is from the standard litter box ! It 's cleaner and lower maintenance ! So far , so good !
 While these are quite expensive , I felt that Amazon had the best price on the 6 Pack . With one cat I was getting about a months worth of use from each tray . Now with two cats , I get two to two and a half weeks per tray . I fell that they are just a little stingy with the crystals . I keep a bag of extra crystal litter handy to top off , especially as the cats walk off a bit of the litter.The whole Scoop Free System is great . Using the Trays is easy and quick . The only awkward part of use is getting top of the tray , which is stored under it while in use , off the bottom of the full used tray to put it on the top for disposal . I suppose one could keep the top stored instead of putting it under the tray . But , then the user would not have that added security layer of cardboard under the tray during use . I give 4 stars , instead of 5 , due to the expense of use .
 Easy ... do n't have to remember to go to the store to get them & cheaper by the case ! :-RRB- Easiest litterbox out there , just slide out the old box & slide in a new one .
 Since I travel frequently , I need as much help as possible caring for my two cats left at home . ScoopFree is indispensable ! The only negative is that both cats use the system , so the crystals have to be changed about every 10 days , but still , it is well worth the effort . No mess , no odor , no clean-up . Simple and effective ! The neighbor kids check in on my cats and can easily change the ScoopFree . I would never go back to litter .
 Finally , someone has revolutionized cat litter ! We use this in conjunction with the electronic litter box . Results are far less messy , minimal odor -LRB- I have 2 cats , so maybe there would be zero odor if I only had 1 -RRB- , and it lasts for a solid week . Really so much easier and much friendlier to the cats ! Worth every penny !
 we have three cats and make use of two Scoop Free liter boxes . The combination of the crystals and the automatic cleaning of the box elimenates the typical catbox odor , which makes both the cats and us extremely happy . I highly recommend the liter box and the crystals .
 Great price . Trays work well and eliminates the need for daily scooping and changing litter . Just change the entire tray as needed . I have 2 cats and usually change about every 15 to 17 days . You will know when you need to !!!
 Spending this much for a kitty litter solution - best decision I made . I love the ScoopFree litter box and the auto-delivery service for the litter was the second best decision . It 's a great product and has terrific service . Recommended !!! ScoopFree Self-Cleaning Litter BoxScoopFree Litter Tray Refills with Premium Blue Crystals , 3-Pack
 Totally Awesome ! Works great ! Saves a lot of time and Money ! We have several of our own cats and also foster so saving time matters for us ! Also keeps bacteria to a minimum so less UTI 's potential !
 ScoopFree has been a great product . The cats took to it immediately and even when I have had to relocate the ScoopFree Litter Box there was no problem . Initially I got a good price on the refills from the pet store , but when a new manager came the refill price went up about 30 % . Buying thru Amazon.com saves me about 25 % on the refill price . Every 10 to 12 days , I remove the current tray and replace it with a new tray . Easy .
 Awesome product , but I tape down the inner lining so that the box lasts longer and litter does not get stuck underneath .
 Have never had a problem with this product ... 100 percent as described on-line . Packs of six have always come in perfect condition .
 Petsmart and Petco stop selling them so lucky i found them here ! And I dont have to worry about having to get them since Amazon carries it and I can set it up for auto delivery ! Great produce , the crystals are much better than the cheaper looking verison and as they say , you get what you pay !
 I have one strictly indoor cat . I started researching cat litter looking for a greener choice than the scoopable clay that I was using at the time . No one loves a cat box , I know , but it is just one of those things I am particularly offended by . I live with my kitty in a fairly small space so this is a daily challenge . This product has done wonders to reduce my contact with the cat box . My only complaint is that the trays do not last anywhere near as long as suggested by the company . This makes this a pretty expensive option . I try to get 2 weeks out of one tray but 10 days would be better . When I wrote the company about this they suggested I change his food . -LRB- they also suggested that he was the size of 2 cats !! -RRB- I did this and he gained a pound but he smells better . -LRB- He eats 2 little cat bowls of food a day . -RRB- The bottom line is what goes in has to come out . When he was eating canned cat food -LRB- fewer calories -RRB- the tray lasted about 8-9 days . With premium weight-control dry food I can push it to a max of 14 days . If you do n't care how often you replace the tray this is a great option.I also like having the subscription tray delivery service . This is a very easy albeit expensive litter solution .
 I have had many litter boxes . Some of the electric ones , my cats sit on the cover and burn the motor out . Great ! This box works great , have had them for several years and this litter is the best . I tried the white litter , it does n't work as well . Maybe if you have just one can , but I have a couple . It keeps the smell down and is easy to change the litter once done . You do n't have to touch anything . This would be great for anyone having a baby and ca n't be around the litter . Maybe you can even get someone else to change it , since you do n't have to do it every day!Like I say , I have had 2 of these running for about 3 years and no problems at all.So get one and you wo n't be disappointed.Vicki
 Listen , if you got cats , then you would definitely want this . It really is ScoopFree . I can now go on vacation with my wife and not be worried about the mess i would be facing when i get back . It eliminates all smell and mess . Though , these refill cartridges can be quite expensive . I 'm still hoping the prices will go down , but getting it from Amazon in bulk makes it easier on my wallet .
 This cat litter system is great what a difference it makes not to scoop litter anymore . This cuts way down on odors as well , with this litter the way it breaks down urine and controls solid waste odors . I also like Amazon 's automatic order features .
 I love that this tray has no gaps or loose parts ! I was tired of cleaning under and around the Littermaid and scraping the rake . This box is neat and quiet . I added a handful of cat litter deodorizer the the crystals . So far , no smell at all ! I hope it lasts longer that the Littermaids -LRB- I have had 2 and the last one only lasted 4 months -RRB- . The trays are expensive , but I just foud a 6 pack online for $ 79 and free shipping.It is the worth the cost for me if it continues to keep my home clean and odor-free .
 This is the first cat toilet system I 've tried and it 's amazing . I change the cartridge after 70-90 uses , which is somewhere around 3 weeks for 2 cats .
 The box containing the refills was a bit heavy , but well worth it . Never had a problem with the packaging or the product . The email reminders about when they shipped out were great too . Cheaper than anything else I found in store or online .
 I have had the Scoop Free litter box for over 3 years and i love it , but my local pet supply retailer stop stocking the refill trays , so after a but of research , Amazon was the most cost effective alternative . I still wish the refill trays were a little less expensive but alot better than traditional cat box/litter .
 Trays work exactly as advertised for my three cats with no leaks . If you absolutely do n't want to touch litter or spend any time on the catbox , this is a great system . It is wasteful , but I dump the litter and recycle the cardboard . It 's also expensive , which is why I 'm about to order the Forever Litter Tray instead .
 I 've been using these refills with my Scoopfree litterbox for a year now . It is very expensive but better than scooping litter multiple times per day myself . I keep the box near my bed and I do not notice any odor . The crystal also hurts to walk on it barefoot . More than traditional litter .
 Sometimes now my cat prefers to use his litter box instead of going outside since the litter stays fresh and clean . No more handling cat poop ! Nice !
 Very convenient and odor is minimized and neutralized . Saves time spent for cleaning . Hand s free scooping is cleaner and you could go for vacation with out worrying of messy sight after .
 I was kind of worried when I read that some people had problems with these leaking , but I have had absolutely no problems using them with my two cats ! I always put the empty box bottom inside of the box top when putting out a fresh box -LRB- I forget if the instructions say to do that or if I just read it in a review somewhere . -RRB- These are very easy to change in my ScoopFree box , I just take out the old box and close it -LRB- I usually tape it shut with masking tape , but I 'd event say that 's optional -RRB- and slide it into an empty garbage bag , then put down the new empty box , put the ScoopFree box over it -LRB- always making sure the magnets catch -RRB- and then dump the included bag of crystal litter in . I think I read that I should get about 2 weeks out of one box with two cats but I usually get about 1 week -LRB- seems `` normal '' based on other reviews , and I 'm plenty happy with that . -RRB- I love getting 6 of these at a time so I always have extras on hand . I also used the `` subscribe & save '' method , as I 'm sure most do , and it works great . So far I have never made it to the `` automatic '' shipment , since the boxes never last quite as long as I expect them to , but you can click to receive an immediate shipment and or change your subscription schedule at any time with no penalty -LRB- you still get the discounted `` subscribe & save '' price and you are still only charged when a delivery ships - no extra subscription fees or anything . -RRB-
 Like the title says , this product was just what I was expecting . A 6 pack of scoop free , and while being a little heavy , is currently serving my cats urine and fecal needs with full gusto and fervor.It smells good .
 best ever automatic litter box system - no order and lasts for 2 weeks and that 's with two big maine coon cats !!
 Love this product -- solved some nasty arguments at our house . If you calculate the cost compared to regular litter it 's a bit high , but if you factor in the time you are spared doing a disagreeable task for several weeks at a time , I think it 's very worth it . Our cat got used to in about 4 days and seems to love it now .
 I love this whole litterbox system , but I find I have to change it every 2 1/2 weeks instead of every month . I only have one cat and he is a tad overweight , so that may account for the frequent changes . I wihs you could buy these refills is the grocery store or at Wal-Mart or Target , but they work well . Absolutely no odor until it 's time to change !
 Having the kitty litter inserts make having a house cat so much more enjoyable now that the chore of scooping kitty poo is gone .
 I love Scoopfree refills for my Scoopfree Litterbox ! They are wonderful ! Much better than scooping litter by hand . I may have to stop using them , though , because of the cost . It seems that they could be made and sold much cheaper .
 this product is a bit pricey , and of course they continue to stick you for the refill cartridges , but it is worth every penny ! i have one cat , and i literally only look at the litterbox every few weeks to a month . there is NO odor , and combined with the hood and a littermat , it is remarkably self contained . i honestly never dreamed that any product of this sort could be this low maintenance . you have to keep buying the refills though because once the moisture works its way into the tray , it becomes much less effective if you try to reuse it . my grandma and a friend bought the product after i got mine and both are very pleased with it . without a doubt i would recommend this product to all cat owners !
 this product is great for our cat . it lasts about 3 weeks -LRB- would last longer , but she pees in the same spot -RRB- we love it
 Not a bad product . It works better than standard litter boxes . True , the unit and the cartridges are somewhat pricey , but it does the job . I have three cats and have had some trouble with one of the cats not wanting to use it at all . Also , I did have my entire unit fail but the company was prompt in replacing it via snail mail after I call the 1-800 number . Be careful cleaning the unit and do n't get water inside the electronic components because its NOT sealed . The cartridges are very convenient
 It is a bit of a process to get your cat used to using the new litter . And because this type of litter is unpleasantly scented , I do n't use it . I use the generic litter from Target . The crystal litter is much , much better at not tracking then the scoopable or clay litter . It is very convienent , but when I took in a cat to foster -LRB- bringing my count up to 3 -RRB- , I had to change it every 5 days . And that 's with a second litter box upstairs . It was just too expensive with 3 cats . I still have all the stuff , when I find a home for the foster cat -LRB- wish me luck ! -RRB- , I 'll start using it again . It would be nice if they just sold the pan without the litter at a lower cost . I did find a reusable one online , but that really defeats the purpose of just being able to dump the whole thing . You do need a larger than normal trashbag that is pretty strong , it tears through the regular ones .
 This is my first experience with the ScoopFree Litter Tray Refills . I am pleased with litter trays because it makes the chainging of the litter box easy . I would recommend this product to anyone who appreciates easy litter box changes .
 This litter will solve your urine smell issues , it works great . It works just as good with the number 2 . I was amazed . I wish they made these crystals for normal litter boxes . The only things that are n't so great are the cost and they way the blue turns to yellow after about 10 days . But I will say it fights the odors for 30 days -LRB- recommended replacement time -RRB- with 1 cat and about 20 days with 2 , regardless of the color.If you buy an auto-box buy the box that uses this litter . 100x 's better than boxes that use normal litter .
 Very easy to change . It is care free for at least a month unless you have more than 1 cat .
 We have two cats and the Scoopfree has been a great litter box . I do n't have to touch it except for every 3-4 days to make sure nothing has gotten stuck or needed scooped . My cats took to it right away . But the big drawback is how much these replacement cartridges cost . With two cats -LRB- and two Scoopfrees in the house -RRB- , a cartridge will last two weeks max . So if you do the match , it costs about $ 860 per year for litter . Amazon has the best deal on these and it 's convenient to get six at a time . But I wish the six pack cost more like $ 60 .
 My review is about the scoopfree litter tray refills . I think they 're great and easy to manage . Also , the pricing is good from your site Amazon.com , but of course I would n't mind the prices being dropped even more in these economic times ! : -RRB-
 the best buy for these trays I have found . The scoop free litter box really works - a first in my long life of being a cat owner . I have 3 cats , and I use one of these trays every 6 -7 days .
 I love this automatic litter box . I was really stressed when PetSmart advised the refills were discontinued . I was so happy to find them here on Amazon . The price was less than I was paying for individual packages in a store , and the free shipping was a bargain .
 I love ScoopFree automatic kitty litter cleaner . I have tried others that have flawed designs , are more expensive , and seem to break down after a few months . Not ScoopFree . I 've had mine now for two years , and I only have to change trays for my cat once a month . All cat owners should try it!The only complaint I have is that the replacement trays are sometimes hard to find . The replacement trays are really the best part of this product , because they make cleaning so easy and convenient . In the past I 've bought the trays from PetSmart but they are often out of stock . So I wind up going from PetSmart to PetSmart trying to find them in stock . That problem is now solved because I can order them from Amazon.com and not drive around the city trying to find them . I love the set of 6 because I can buy 6 at a time with free shipping and then not worry about finding replacement trays .
 Love the product , but a backorder with a date of Feb 2013 is just ridiculous . My litter box ca n't wait that long , which forces me to buy and use something as Petsmart and Pecto do not carry this product .
 I love my Scoop Free litter box - no smells - no fuss and I touch it about once a month - We have 2 cats but one goes out doors for the most part and one is an indoor cat -LRB- they are both supposed to be indoor due to coyotes but she wo n't listen -RRB- Someone is making a knock off cartridge - oooo - horrible - leaks and ooo - do n't need to discuss the details but suffice it to say - stick with the scoop free brand . They have recently improved pricing - i love the subscription - they are mailed free to the house.I love this product and so do the kitties.litter box -LSB- ... -RSB- subscription for the kitty litter cartridges delivered free :[ ... -RSB-
 I have two cats and two ScoopFree litter tray systems -- including a UPS battery backup for when we leave town for a few days . Every two weeks I swap out the two trays -- literally about 2 minutes work . One tip is to get a roll of cheap duct tape or masking tape and tape around the used litter tray top and bottom -- just in case the unthinkable happens -LRB- dropping the tray on the way to the dumpster -RRB- . . Is is cheap ? No . But now I spend about 5 minutes a month on cat scat . My wife is very picky about smell . There is NO odor . These use the `` Rolls Royce '' of crystals . A great system .
 I love the product as it keeps the litterbox clean and relatively odor free and the maintainance required by me is minimal . But I can not understand how other reviewers can say they get `` 4 weeks '' of use with a large Maine Coon cat . My Maine Coon would 've filled this in a week ! Right now I 've got a 10 month old kitten -- all 7 pounds of her -- and these cartridges last 2 to 2.5 weeks at the MOST . The issue is the solids compartment is FULL by then . I 've had no leakage issues at all . Maybe because she is growing and very active and therefore has a fast metabolism ... but there 's NO way this thing lasts more than 17 days . So , that makes them rather costly , BUT still worth it for me to avoid the daily clean up , reduce or eliminate the tracking and odor and HASSLE that comes with a more traditional litterbox .
 I am very happy with this purchase and all of my previous purchases . I especially appreciate the quick delivery.I have 4 cats , so needless to say , the Scoop Free self-cleaning litter system is a lifesaver , even though the litter cartridges are a bit expensive .
 This really works as advertised.The cat scent is eliminated from the house.We have two cats , and change the filter about every two weeks.Its easy to do , my 12 year old takes care of the system.It is expensive , but to me its worth it , not to have the cat poop smell in the house .
 Got the litter box about 3 weeks ago and our 3 cats took to it within 2-3 days . They say with one cat it 'll last 30 days and from my experience with 3 cats -LRB- I can stretch it about 10 days -RRB- , that is right in line with their claims.I do n't know what kind of mega-whizzing-craptastic cats these people with one cat who say it only lasts one week have ... If this wont last for one week with a single cat , you better bring em to a vet . I have one small cat , one large one , and an old one that pees all the time and the cartridge handles them easily for a week plus.The crystals really do a great job of capturing the smell -- just mix em up every couple days to spread out any uneven wetness spots -LRB- like if your cat prefers using one corner -RRB- . The only downside is the cost . . $ 45 a month is pretty high to maintain the box for 3 cats . Planning on trying out one of the `` forever '' refillable litter trays with my own bag of Fresh Step crystals.UPDATE 12/28/07 -- With 3 cats , I can go a full two weeks , product still awesome . . The metal tines are beginning to rust however due to sitting in wet pee from time to time .
 We love the scoop free litter box . And these cartidges are awesome . It is a bit more expensive than maintaining other litter boxes but we think the price is worth it .
 I ca n't say enough about this new litterbox system . These trays save me loads of time , and while they are more expensive to use , it 's totally worth it . I have two cats , so we have to change the litter tray every 12 days or so , especially since Thomas is such a big boy . We have had the ScoopFree for a little over a month now , and the cats still come running to watch it push their messes away . It 's so funny ... they ca n't figure out where it goes :-RRB- .
 Amen ... Finally a product that is more reliable than expected . I had the `` round-up '' and it was just another mess . I actually had two roundups . I have two cats , one very finicky about where she goes and if not satisfied ... goes on the rug . She even took to it after her old litter box got nasty -LRB- about a week -RRB- . Never leaked ... was not smelly at all ... did it 's thing , Not in need of any servicing in-between changings . A snap to change the tray -LRB- about 2 or 3 minutes -RRB- then forget for another month.Check the indicator lights periodically to make sure there is not a malfunction , happens about 3 or 4 times a month , no problem , just push button and it resets itself . I added a few cups of extra litter after 3 weeks -LRB- get the same crystals at the store -RRB- . I have n't had to scoop litter or clumped `` urine balls '' since.The trays seem pricey BUT , consider the cost of litter , and then ask yourself , how much would I pay someone to come into my house 4 or 5 times a day for a month and do the nastiest job related to cats . AND , actually the trays can be had on the internet at considerably less price , including shipping , if purchased in quantities of 6 or more.Thank you ... I am disabled and the litter box was one of the most difficult jobs for me to accomplish.I am ecstastic about this product . I have purchased a second one , so now I change one every two weeks -LRB- alternately in 2 week intervals , considering the two cats . What a Gasssss!Now I can enjoy my cats . -- Wesley U , Dayton OH
 I have used many automatic litter boxes , but this is the best one . The cartridges are easy to change . I just have to order online to get the cartridges since they are usually out of them at the stores.Thanks
 Going into this I knew it was more it expensive and other reviewers are right that it does n't last quite as long as the box states , however I LOVE this product !! I have begun buying a large jug of Tidy cat crystals and when I notice the crystals yellowing I change out 1/2 . It helps with the smell -LRB- almost none -RRB- and it only took the cats about a day to acclimate to it . If you realize it WILL be more costly ; that you need to clean out the droppings from under the trap about every 7-10 days -LRB- for 2 cats -RRB- ; and cycle in more crystals in lieu of throwing out the box then it will be a wonderful present for you and your cat !
 I was worried my cat would n't take to the new litter , but he had no issues . This seems to work better than Litter Maid . We have a very large cat and LitterMaid would always get stuck and filled up so quickly . We have had this for 3 months so far , and so far we have n't had any problems . The litter seems to last between 2 and 3 weeks for our large cat . I can extend it a little by putting in some fresh litter on top.All in all , this has been a pretty good product .
 Works great and we have always put them in the top rack of the dishwasher for real cleanliness . Directions say do n't . We do .
 Great product for about a year . Have had 2 water containers break at the base . I will keep buying these until something better comes along .
 I ordered this for our new guinea pigs . Its nice and big but the spring that holds it to the cage is a bit big and lets the water bottle slip . With a little bit of playing around with the strap we got it to work .
 Nice product , stops problem of `` poop soup '' water . My cockatiels knew how to use it immediately!Easy to refill and attach to cage .
 This item is the best waterer on the market ... it keeps the water clean and free of bird droppings ...
 I have sugar gliders , a lot of sugar gliders , lol . 24 to be precise and some of them were used to using water bowls , but they were just too time-consuming to fill each day ; plus , water bowls can get contaminated with waste and are subject to spillage . I bought a pair of these water bottles when I got my first sugar glider , and I was so impressed with them that as my sugar glider family got larger , I bought more of these bottles.These bottles are a breeze to wash and keep clean , the fit is tight , and there is never an issue with leaking . The newer `` models '' of these water bottles now have little `` floats '' in them so that it is easy to see , at-a-glance , from across the room if the water level is low . They 've taken a great bottle and made it even better ! I have at least two water bottles on each of my cages as a back-up water supply.Check out KV Vet Supply - that 's where I get my bottles . Price was very reasonable and shipping was super fast ! I 'd order from them again !
 These glass bottles are great for chinchillas , rabbits , gerbils . . any rodent that chews . I went through many plastic water bottles . I love the glass !
 These bottles are durable , mounts easily to most types of cages -LRB- including `` cube and coroplast '' -RRB- is chewproof and , unlike plastic water bottles , can even be sterilized . It 's very reasonably priced , and replacement parts are available from Lixit . Although the green plastic `` floater '' is intended to help gauge water level -LRB- in theory a good idea -RRB- , I have had a little trouble getting that part clean with a bottle brush and do n't consider it a big selling point . Otherwise , though , this is my water bottle of choice.Available in 8 oz. , 16 oz . and 32 oz .
 We have tried several different water bottles for our rats and always had problems with them
 This water bottle does just what it 's supposed to do . It 's a simple but well-made product . I 've used this type of bottle for a long time for my birds and the bottles are very durable -LRB- unless you drop them on a tile floor -RRB- .
 I did n't want plastic by products leeching into water , and this bottle is fantastic - does n't drip , easy to clean , really quality product . If you 're debating , buy this . It 's a bit more expensive , but you 're only buying it once . Totally worth it .
 I prefer glass to plastic , and these are a great price for glass water bottles . I have several for my rats and even though they chewed the plastic screw-on part half off on one of them , it still works with no leaking ! I am impressed . I do wish the floating turtle came out , because I 'd like to be able to wash it . I do find the turtle handy though , because I can see the water level from across the room .
 I have a chinchilla . I 've had two plastic bottles and he kept chewing them whenever he got a chance . Although I hung the bottle outside the cage he could still manage to squeeze his little mouth and reach for the edge of the bottle ... Now with this glass bottle things are a lot different . No chewing is possible now . Plus , the bottle came with a spring brace/bracket for you to keep the bottle in place . This makes changing water a lot easier than before.And it does n't leak water.In a word , nice bottle , worth the money .
 we are rehabing 2 orphaned squirrels who seem to enjoy chewing through water bottles . This one has survived ! good quality and well made . does not leak !
 Gerbils chewed thru our plastic water bottle . The glass they can not . This glass is heavy duty and does the job great !
 I have n't had a problem with this bottle like I had with many others . My chinchilla decided to start chewing up his water bottles so I bought this one and another &#34; chew-proof . &#34; The other bottle vaccuum sealed repeatedly so my chin 's could n't get any water . This one has worked perfectly and my chewers have n't been able to wreck it yet .
 I use this for all 4 of my cats ! I 've seen a dramatic improvement in my 12-year old cat 's coat - he 's much softer and his color is more vibrant than in the past . He also had sensitive stomach issues - since using the missing link he has n't thrown up.My only suggestion would be to offer this formula in a 1 or 5 pound bag .
 I have found this supplement is an excellent addition to my cats diet . I have noticed an improvement in their skin and coats . I would highly recommend it .
 I bought this product to replace another fiber product I was using with my cat , who has some health issues with which fiber has helped in the past . I chose The Missing Link because it had vitamins and nutrients in addition to the fiber . I 'm pleased that it does n't have the awful smell of the other product I was using , but I ca n't say I see a difference beyond the benefit of the fiber . We 've only been using it for about five weeks , however . Mr. Grumpy Cat 's coat might be slightly silkier , but that might also be my imagination . He certainly does n't have any trouble eating his food with The Missing Link mixed into it .
 whether you are supplementing your own or that of stray cats . If you 're feeding strays less than quality cat food , this should be added to the food and mixed in before serving . Processing of cat food removes some of the vital nutrients cats need and this is the perfect supplement for that without creating a vitamin imbalance . I 've cared for strays , as well as my own , for years and this well rounded product has done wonders for some very malnourshed cats with raggedy coats . It also blends and seems to taste well in the Friskies wet food I feed them as the cats always clean their plates . One bag using the enclosed scoop once a day will last one cat about four months . Make sure you keep it closed and refrigerated after opening . It does have an expiration date and those dates I have always found to be &#34; time forward &#34; on this particular product so you should n't be receiving one with a close to expiration date . If so , return it because you only need one scoop of this every day and the rest will go to waste as it will no longer be of use for it 's intended purpose . I highly recommend this product for malnourshed cats , breeding queens or new mothers , elderly cats , post-operative felines , those just suffering from common digestive problems such as smelly gas and/or loose stools on occasion , and even drab , dry , itchy and balding coats . I 've used this product in every one of these cases and always noticed improvement with no repercussions . IMHO , this is THE cat supplement that requires no others . And I hate having to give supplements to so many two or more times a day , when one , once a day , has been so beneficial to the many felines I 've administered this to . It 's a little pricier than I would like but worth every penny in terms of their health - and nutrition does play a very significant role in the health of your cat . Give them the diet they need based on their lifestyle and age and far less health problems will arise in the future . Just like you should care for your own nutrition , no more , no less . Can you tell I love cats ? I really do . They are stoic , independent , personable and affectionate -LRB- always -RRB- ... and yes , they are the love of my life .
 I add this to my cats meals and it has worked great . One of my furries developed a skin rash . It was an allergic reaction to fish and he developed horrible scabs all over his body even his genitals . He lost his hair and was starting to look like a reptile . The Vet gave me wash for him and other things but nothing was helping until I fed him this . It has taken 6 months but his fur is back and its thicker , softer and sheds less and he looks like my handsome little man again . Thank you so much for this product . My other kitty 's are looking good too .
 I have a cat that lost his fur around his back end and has always had stomach problems , he eats wet food and 5 mins later up it comes all over my floor , couch or wherever . I was at wits end with vets telling me nothing can be done except surgry $ $ $ and it seemed hopeless . I have a great dane that started limping so I tried the joint formula for dog on her . not only is she better but more alert and her fur is so soft , its like silk . I started giving my cat this and his fur is coming back and he is not throwing up anymore seems more alert and happier . I wish I could give it more than 5 stars for the price I ` mhappy and so are my pets . Thank you missing link
 Add a little of this powder to any moist food and your cats will clean their plate . Seems to increase energy and helps to minimize hairballs .
 I use 1/4 tsp in my cats wet food . I noticed a HUGE difference within days . Not only did his coarse hair become super soft and shiny his tummy problem went away . I bought this because I was at my wits end and spending money on vet bills was adding up . So I thought I would just change his diet . I went from commercial food to Evo & Natures Instinct canned and add this . I am so happy that I found something that works -LRB- he has was having problems using the bathroom and his feces would get stuck and then he would prolapse it would be so bad -RRB- I am thankful that I found something that works for my little guy and I will keep using this everyday ! Would highly recommend !
 My finicky felines both have dandruff despite being on high quality cat food . The last time I tried an EFA supplement , purchased from the vet , I got loud `` meows of protest '' and kitties who would n't eat -LRB- not that a little restraint would hurt the 22 pounder -RRB- . They do n't even seem to notice this product sprinkled into their food , or if they do they actually like the taste . With this supplement and daily brushing , their dandruff seems to be getting better and their coats are shinier . Since bathing with Head and Shoulders is n't an option , there is nothing to lose and everything to gain.Also , I checked at Petco yesterday and the same product was selling for $ 15.99 . Thanks , Amazon!Update as of 8/14/12 . Cats have been on this supplement for about a month now and there is a huge improvement in their coats . No more dandruff at all and they are so shiny ! Also seem to shed less when I brush them -LRB- a daily activity -RRB- . The only downside , if it is one , is that this product does make their breath a little more `` fishy '' . My cats eat only dry Iams so they do n't have terrible breath to start with . I can live with that for the results .
 Missing Link works Great ! I have two cats I adopted from the ASPCA and they were infected with the herpes virus . It had all of the signs as an upper respiratory infection , but it was the herpes virus . The virus remains in your cats system ; every now and then it will act up and cause my cats to have squinty or watery eyes . It looks like they have allergies . If I keep them on Missing Link they never get these symptoms and look great !
 I 've been giving The Missing Link Super Food Supplement to my cat 3 year old Kaya for over six months and coincidentally ever since , the tiny bumps on her ears that itched her and caused her fur to missing on the tips of her ears has COMPLETELY gone away . She has never seemed healthier and last week at the vet , for her wellness check , the vet claimed she was in great condition for a cat her age . The price is great from this vendor and I would definitely purchase again from them - I buy enough to keep a stock , so my supply is good for the next year . Highly recommend .
 I have had Monkey , my kitty since he was 2 days old . When I first got him and his 4 siblings , they struggled with diarrhea . NOTHING seemed to work . Pumpkin mixed in the formula helped somewhat but they were still having loose stool . I started adding a tiny bit of Missing Link to their formula -LRB- I had originally bought it for another cat I owned at the time who had stomach issues and a dry coat , so I had it on hand -RRB- and it worked wonders ! Their stool firmed up , their little butts were n't irritated anymore , and their coats looked nicer within a week . The feed store I had been buying it at for a really great price quit selling it , so I quit giving it to Monkey . He did n't seem to `` need '' it anymore . Well , he 's 2 now , and recently he 's been having some serious gas and loose stool issues again . He 's on a really great food and has no other problems , but I decided to give the Missing Link stuff a go again , and just bought it at Petco and paid about 8 bucks more than I had at the feed store . But it was worth it ! I also bought another supplement called Fresh Digest , which is mostly plant enzymes and prebiotics , and between the two of them , Monkey is no longer a stinky kitty . Plus , his coat is even shinier and softer than it was before ! -LRB- And people were already jokingly asking if he was part rabbit before , he was that soft -RRB- And the shedding has been cut down drastically too . I would definitely recommend this product ! I mix a heaping baby spoon full -LRB- about 1/2tsp -RRB- with 1/4 tsp of Fresh Digest , and mix those with his wet food and he eats it no problem . The taste seems to appeal to him . I have n't tried mixing it with his dry food though .
 Products like this are hard to find , so if you 've stumbled upon The Missing Link just go ahead and buy it . The product - which is basically a course powder of whole foods & nutrients - goes right into your cats wet or dry food & tho cats are notoriously picky ... my cats & the cats other reviewers have mentioned really do seem to either not mind it , or just plain old enjoy the taste.I bought The Missing Link not for an unhealthy stray or sickly cat - but simply for our two family cats . I try & buy fairly wholesome food for them , but even the most `` wholesome '' foods from the big manufacturers are n't anything to write home about health-wise . Thats why i was looking for a supplement ... and i found one . This product really did change both of our cats coats . They 're radiant , and silky - and to be honest they both seem generally healthier . Perhaps thats because they LOOK it , but Sam - our big black & white boy - has stopped a strange coughing & wheezing that was all too common with him . If you 're semi-obsessive about your cats health or are a person nursing any cat back to health , or simply get ENJOYMENT from seeing your cat shiny & happy - this is the way to go . Same goes for dogs with the dog formula . Kudos to Missing Link , love the product .
 I have an extremely picky cat . She has ALWAYS suffered from hairballs/digestion issues and rarely ate wet food -- if she did , she would vomit immediately . I have tried lots of gels , supplements , and other products so I decided to give the missing link a try . I AM SO GLAD I DID , SHE LOVES IT ! Not only does she like it , she begs for it , and for the first time in her life , my cat eats and digests wet food ! I just sprinkle a teaspoon in with her wet food and she gobbles it upI have seen no hairballs since starting this , she seems to have more energy , and her fur is looking great . I am a believer in this stuff ! So far , GREAT and I am highly impressed ... this is truly `` the missing link '' my cat needed !
 I think this is really helping my older cat with kidney issues . I 'm using some other supplements but I recently added this and she seems not to mind it as long as I just put a very small bit into her meals -LRB- she gets about 3 small meals a day -RRB- . Her coat is much softer and she seems more alert and energetic - great signs for a short time with the product.Also I had ordered 2 of the product by mistake and the return was easy and the seller quickly gave me a refund.Years ago I used Missing Link for dogs with an abused dog I rescued . She had patchy fur and was just a wreck . Well after giving her the supplement not long after to my horror almost all of her fur fell out . I kept the faith and sure enough it grew back and she developed a beautiful fluffy coat . She regained her well-being and I was able to place her with a forever family : -RRB- So I have long been a fan of Missing Link - for some reason I never tried it with my cat and wish i would have been supplementing her diet with this product all along . With a small animal this is a great value and will last a long time - keep refrigerated if possible and remember to go slow to get them used to the extra fiber .
 Our cat seemed to very interested in tasting it immediately upon opening the bag , he loves the flavor . We mix it in with his wet food in the evenings . After only a couple days , we noticed how much SOFTER he was ! His skin is happier and his coat is even more beautiful . I was hoping for less shedding but it seems to be about the same - maybe slightly less , it is hard to tell . I love that it fills in the nutritional gaps that are in most dry cat food brands because we 're not always able to afford the most expensive food each month . -LRB- Our cat enjoys a food change sometimes with no side effects unlike most felines -RRB- Awesome product and benefits are evident within days !
 Missing Link Canine Formula 5lbs . I tried this stuff and it is loved by my dogs mixed in with their food . I tried every dog food possible and I have 2 picky eaters for dogs . All 3 of my dogs now eat their food when I mix this stuff in with their food . If it is not in their food they will not eat . So this is a miracle food that will get them eating all of their dog food ! I love it too because I like to see the dogs enjoy their food as well . I recommend all dog lovers to try this in the dog food !
 The coat on one of our dogs , a lab , was becoming brittle and dull . Our vet recommended this product . We have five dogs who get this on a daily basis . The most common comment that I hear is how nice the coats are.One of the labs had digestive issues that this supplement has helped in allowing a more normal stool.The only down side is the price . With five dogs , a five pound bag does n't last too long . Using the product without glucosamine does provide some cost savings . Glucosamine is given to our dogs in the basic food and a seperate supplement.All in all , a good product worth the expense to have a healthy and great looking dog .
 Dogs love it . Their coats are shiny and soft . Received this product quickly and the price was great ! Would definitely buy again and again !
 I add this to my dogs food daily and it 's been great in helping with his allergies and skin issues .
 My dog gets a tablespoon a day in his food . He has sustained energy , less shedding and beautiful fur .
 Great product - has turned my 10 year old Bluetick into a bouncy young man again , with great skin and coat
 Of all the supplements have this one to be the best , IMO . Dogs have beautiful coats , are healthy and very little shedding .
 This product has really increased my dog 's health in such a dramatic way ! Good stuff ! Skin . Coat . Movement . Energy .
 I purchased this product partly because of the overwhelming positive reviews I read and the skin and joint related issues my dog `` Diesel '' -LRB- American Bulldog -RRB- was experiencing at the time.This is a supplement and like most supplements there is no overnight miracle cure and must be used for a significant amount of time to achieve results.It mixes well with his food and does not bother his stomach.Looks a little like brown sugar.I keep it in the refrigerator to preserve it 's freshness.Is this product for every dog ? I do n't know.Did it help my dog ? I believe so.Would I purchase it again ? Yes.Thanks for reading !
 If your dog has any type of skin disease , such as Lupus , this will help ... you will see a difference in a matter of months ... best supplement out there !
 We have used this formula for years and , over that time , we continually receive compliments from other dog owners on how good our dogs ' coats look . Owners ask what supplement we use and this is the only one . It seems to provide our dogs with a healthy coat while their general health is excellent as well .
 As a dog owner , this is a great product to add to dogs food . It provides many needed supplements . My labradors coats are awesome .
 I love Missing Link for my 9 year old German Shepherd , she has been taking it for years . Just like I take a daily vitamin , I give Missing Link to my dog . She is 9 , but her coat is gorgeous and people always think she is years younger ! She loves the taste and I just sprinkle it on her morning food .
 I have used this product for over ten years to supplement a raw diet for my dogs . The ingredient list is extensive providing many nutrients that are missing from commercial and homemade dog food . It needs to be stored in the refrigerator . Amazon had a great price for the 5 lb . bag .
 Does your dog have allergies ? I spent $ 650 to have my Shar-Pei 's blood sent off for allergy testing last year . -LRB- They are known for terrible allergies -RRB- And , BAM ! ... she 's allergic to almost EVERYTHING ! Poor thing breaks out with hives every Spring . So , I 'm recently back at my vet 's office getting pills to help her through allergy season and an angel of mercy tells me she fosters dogs for the Shar-Pei Rescue and I need to get `` Missing Link '' for my dog . She said they swear by it and it 's the most important thing they stress to give the dogs each evening with their meal . It seems to work miracles on these poor dogs allergies . She said even the ones who have lost most of their fur have grown it all back within a month or two . My order just arrived and I ca n't wait to see if it works for my girl . See below , I ordered too much so I will share w / my sister 's dog -LRB- a Lab -RRB- who has terrible allergies too . Stay tuned!BE ADVISED
 I 've been using missing link for 4 years now , there is nothing that gives results to my aging dog like this stuff . My only complaint is it sticks to their teeth , so regular brushing is a must !
 Have 2 dogs and have used for awhile . Excellent for shedding and keeps coat looking and feeling soft and full . Have not experienced hot spots either . Keeps pets healthy and happy !
 I have been a German Shepherd owner and avid dog lover and trainer for over 30 years . I bought my first dog right out of high school . It was n't until recently that I learned that hip displasia was NOT the only debilitating condition that plaques particularly German Shepherds -LRB- and many other breeds as well , particularly large breeds -RRB- . It dawned on me as I began seeing the dreaded signs of difficulty standing , rear feet dragging -LRB- knuckling -RRB- a bit here and there on a German Shepherd of mine that I know for a fact has perfect hips , no hip displasia whatsoever . I have her x-rays on hand to prove it . That 's when I found out about Degenerative Myolopathy -LRB- DM -RRB- . To date , there is no cure . Vets are brainstorming on this one and networking their findings and research to try to develop a cure . In the meantime , they are finding that certain vitamin supplements seems to slow it down . Reading their findings , I searched for a supplement that might have all of the supplements they mentioned . All were included in this Missing Link powder supplement and so , I gave it a shot , not really expecting anything but at least I tried . I was dumbfounded and filled with joy at the results . My LiLi -LRB- the German Shepherd with the signs of DM -RRB- began showing a marked , dramatic improvement within one week . Within one month , it was as if she had backed up a few years . Did it cure her ? No . Did it back the condition off and help her regain her strength and resiliance ? YES , YES , YES !!!! She even chases and plays with my 3-Year Old German Shepherd again . I can not say enough about the profound effect Missing Link powder has had on my dog . I have , to date , recommended it to 5 others with older dogs showing the same hip weakening conditions and ALL FIVE reported the same astonishing results . Please know that this is NOT a secret marketing ploy for the Missing Link company ~ I am a real person , with a real dog , that watching her beloved pet fall into the grips of a very debilitating condition . I have my own dog service -LSB- ... -RSB- . and would never endorse this product had it not given me the joyous results I am happy to report and eager to share with other dog owners faced with this agonizing condition for their beloved pets . All I can say is TRY it . It 's cheaper than a visit to the vet , it 's cheaper , better and safer than steroid therapy or pain meds , and , good Lord , if they ever make it for people , I 'll buy it and eat it every day ! ~ Melanie Blair , Proprietor , Best Friends Canine Services , LLC , Uniontown , Ohio
 I have used this product for years . The results are always the same . Nice shiny coats and no itchy skin . I recommended it to a friend to try on her dog . He literally had lost most of his hair due to an allergy . Then she moved . I did n't see her for three months . What a difference ! The dog had a full coat .
 my vet recommended this product for my dogs . she even suggested buying it on amazon.com since it was half the price that she charged . my dogs were eating dirt and grass , and subsequently making holes in the yard . my vet said that they were looking for more nutrients in the soil that they were n't getting in their food . after a few days on this product , they stopped eating the dirt . one of them still eats the grass , but at least he does n't make a hole doing that . The Missing Link Super Food Supplement Canine Formula
 Not enough time to tell significant difference yet . Seems to help some to make my 13 year old perk up , but she has a lot of arthritis .
 This is the second bag of Missing Link that I have ordered . It is amazing how much my dogs have improved since I started using this product . I have Golden Retrievers , and their coats are much silkier and the shedding has decreased substantially.My 10 year old Golden used to chew on her feet constantly . The vet said it was probably because of food allergies , so I had tried many different foods in an effort to solve her problem and give her some relief . Nothing made a difference , until I started using Missing Link . It did not happen overnight , but after using this product for about one month I noticed that she was not chewing nearly as much . And now she hardly chews on her feet at all ! It is really amazing . I highly recommend this product .
 This product does wonders for my Shar-Pei 's coats and digestive system . I highly recommend it !
 In spite of feeding my dog top quality food , he had very itchy dry skin . His skin was so dry and flaky he 'd scratch and scratch until he bled . I decided to try this . After about 4 weeks , I started to see a difference . After 8 weeks , he stopped scratching all together . He no longer has the dry flaky skin . No dandruff ! I ca n't say this will help every dog , but it really helped mine . I will continue to use it . And a little goes a long way . Just one teaspoon a day for a 15 pound dog .
 I have been using this supplement for my dog , Cassie , since I adopted her 6 years ago . She is healthy , beautiful , her coat is always shiny . I mix the powder with some wet food , and she has never rejected it . Although I feel this product is a bit pricey , the results are worth it .
 Check out the list of ingredients . A great product . I just mix it in with the dogs ' food -LRB- we do a combo of dry and canned -RRB- and they snarf it right down . It contains a long list of essential nutrients for your pupper . If your dog is a picky eater , I would first order the small bag -LRB- 1 # -RRB- to see if s/he will eat it . I have been using this product for many years and am very happy with it . I get the kind without the glucosamine supplement because I have discovered over the years that a liquid glucosamine is absorbed much better than powder or pill . Check out Syn Flex if your dog has hip , back , or joint problems . I use Missing Link and Syn Flex in tandem . No interaction problems whatsoever . Comes in a foil , resealable packet so it 's always fresh . Great product .
 I used this product during a recent thunderstorm to help calm my dog , and it did seem to help her . She was able to relax and finally fall asleep . Also love the fact that it 's natural and not chemical based .
 I have used this product for the past 3 days for my dog . He is a chihuahua mix and is very anxious , especially around my boyfriend . My boyfriend , his family and my roommate have all said my dog seems more calm and relaxed . I just spray the product on my dog 's blanket and bed in the morning and afternoon . It is much easier than trying to get him to take the pills - he did not like how those tasted ! The product does not smell like anything to me . I did n't use it at my boyfriends house , but he said my dog seems more relaxed even when he is there . I 'm not sure if it supposed to have lasting effects like this or not .
 I 've had a tiny toy poodle since he was 5 wks . old and who 's now 3 yrs old . He 's been my traveling companion since he was `` potty broke '' at 6 wks . I spray this product on his safety seat and blanket liner shortly before leaving for one of our travels and it works just great . He 's very calm and sleeps most of the time . Even when he 's awake , he just sits up in his seat and looks around with no noise whatsoever . I 've tried the `` paste '' , but it does n't sit well in his little tummy , so just use the spray and `` all is well '' . I never leave home without a bottle in my truck and also keep one in the house to make sure we are never without it.Quiet Moments Natural Herbal Calming Spray for Dogs and Puppies
 Although not a cure-all , this product definitely takes the edge off the anxiety that my neurotic standard poodle normally exhibits during stressful circumstances . Highly recommended . But NOT a substitute for proper canine training -LRB- it wo n't turn a maniac dog into a saint -RRB- .
 This is dumb - You 'd get more reviews if you did n't require people to write so much . Really , really , really
 My Sheltie gets her teeth brushed every night as part of the bedtime routine . She actually runs to the bathroom when I tell her , `` Time to brush your teeth '' . She loves it and has been getting her teeth brushed since she was a puppy . My cat also comes running to get some licking off my finger . We use Poultry and Malt flavours and are going to try the Vanilla Mint . Just like with people , if an animals teeth are n't healthy , it can make the animal sick . Good dental hygiene is part of good health . Start them young and it 's a breeze ! Purchasing through Amazon was HALF PRICE from what the Veterinarian charges too !!
 My dog absolutely loves this toothpaste . It appears to do a fine job keeping her teeth healthy -LRB- the vet is very impressed -RRB- . I would recommend it to any dog owner .
 This stuff seems to work quite well at cleaning doggie teeth , and my dog thinks it 's a real treat to get her teeth brushed because she likes the flavor . Too bad it 's somewhat pricey .
 We have used Bio Spot on our dogs for a number of years , and it seems to work well . Our dogs are indoor dogs that are only outside about an hour a day . We try to apply Bio Spot once a month , and it does pay to stay ahead of problems . No matter what products are used , it takes time to rid an animal of fleas once they get well established . I have asked our veterinarian about Bio Spot , and he claims to have never heard of the brand , but they have some very expensive alternatives . We have had good luck with Bio Spot and have had no complications .
 We have used bio spot on all 6 dogs -LRB- we usually have 3 at any given time -RRB- and my husband is a dog groomer ... so fleas are ALL around ALL year long !! Bio Spot is what I chose after reading the comparisons between it and Frontline and Advantage ... it was more natural a , less chemicals did as amuch and more than theother 2 named products.Well for over 14 years it has not failed our dogs have always been flea free ... I must point out that for allergy sufferers , this may be your closest to allergy free possible , as unlike the others ... all brands ... this does NOT make me sickIt barely bothers me and my dogs can sleep in bed w / us the very same day / night it is applied.I chose it FIRST for safety of it 's ingredients and then found out it did NOT bug my allergies except barelythen the PRICE is GREAT !!! I must also mention the groomer in the family is allergic to FLEA BITES !!! So , to say we are pleased with Bio Spot is saying it WORKS WELL !!!! We totally recommend this
 I live in NM , in the country . Ticks are a constant problem , and fleas as well . I have been spending more money on the more expensive versions of the spot controls and this brand works great for the price . I use different weight versions on all my different dogs , and use for my cats -LRB- cat version -RRB- and I am flea and tick free for a second summer again !
 We had been using Frontline but our breeder had mentioned that she uses Bio Spot for her dogs and that it 's always worked for her . For $ 9.99 for a 6 month qty it was totally worth trying especially considering we 'd be spending that on one dose of the Frontline . So far so good . . he 's tick and flea free and we just applied the 2nd dose . I ca n't see why it 's worth paying for Frontline if this does as good of a job . I did notice our pup scratching on occasion but I ca n't directly correlate it to the Bio Spot ... it could be that he just needs a bath : -RRB-
 i have 3 dogs and not a lot of money and since they dont have fleas already i tried it and it has been wonderful
 I run a little dog rescue out of our home so there can be a lot of dogs here at one time . I have to keep good control over fleas , ticks and mosquitos , one of my personal dogs has really sensitive skin and has pretty bad flea reactions . Anyway , BioSpot seems to work for us . I DO use Frontline every few months but I divide the doses between dogs . I try not to use stuff on my dogs ' skin too often , and it seems to work . I have n't seen fleas in the last year . I also use cedar , I plant mint & lemongrass , and use and I spray their underbellies with Dirty & Harry 's all natural spray before we go out for a hike .
 I have used this product before for my large dog , a 90lb . Cheseapeak Bay Retriever . It was effective for fleas and ticks in Southern California climate for an outdoor dog . It seems to work as well as Frontline and Advantage at a lower cost .
 We have several dogs of all different sizes and ages , some house dogs and others strictly outdoors . I had been purchasing Frontline but was spending way more than I wanted to each month on flea control . We had to find something different that worked but that was n't going to make us go broke either . We purchased Bio-Spot and used it on all of our dogs . It works great on ticks - have n't seen one since we 've started using it ! It works pretty good on fleas but we still see one on one of the dogs once in a while , not often though.Bio-Spot has an EXCELLENT price and works great for us - I would highly recommend this !!! Just an extra note : All topical flea preventatives can have reactions , someone we know lost their dog to a Frontline reaction . If you are using ANY kind of flea preventative -LRB- it is a pesticide -RRB- on your pet you need to be prepared to call your vet in case that happens . We , personally , have never had any type of reaction to any type of medicines but since we are responsible pet owners we do know that they can happen .
 I have used this product for many years with success . The key to use of any topical treatment is to begin and continue use before the dogs are infested with adult fleas . I prefer Bio Spot because it remains effective when the dogs swim if has been applied 3-5 days in advance . The price savings is significant compared to other similar products . Another happy Amazon purchase .
 Our Great Dane/Lab mix dog was treated at the end of last month and so far I have n't seen one flea on him OR on me ! Our other dog , a Yellow Lab mix was treated with Frontline at the same time and honestly I can not tell the difference between the two dogs when it comes to flea and tick protection . Both products are effective but BioSpot is so much more reasonably priced . I will definitely be purchasing more BioSpot after I run out . I recommend trying this product out on your dog !!
 This product is very important for my dog 's healthy life . With the use of this product there 's no more mosquitoes , fleas , and any other insects around my pets!And i also love the smell -LRB- citrus -RRB- and it is easy to use , just put it on your dog 's neck , and that 's it ! It also have a Calendar were you can put the date you put it . You may have to do it monthly !
 I have used Bio Spot for more than 15 years now . I 've used it on all my dogs over the years . I have 3 dogs now . And I 've used it on all of the rescue dogs that I 've fostered . I did rescue work for 5 years.That 's a lot of dogs!I 've never had a side effect problem , although I do know that they happen . Side effects to all of the topicals affect some , but not others . Dogs are individuals!I have never seen a flea or a tick on any of the dogs that I 've used Bio Spot on . All of the above dogs are or were inside dogs . So I 'd know real fast if Bio Spot did n't work , would n't I ?
 My dog seems to be doing fine with this product . When i first applied it , i had given him a bath just 2 hours prior . I found out that giving a bath 48-72 hours prior to application of a topical flea preventative is best instead of 1-2 hours because bathing a dog will naturally strip the skin and coat of oils , oils that are needed for the flea product to distribute itself around the body of the dog through the process of Translocation.Anyways the first time i applied the product i still saw fleas . I waited about 2 weeks after the first application and reapplied a 2nd one due to my concerns that bathing him right before i applied the 1st application made the product less effective . It seems to be working now . Great price -LRB- Especially on Amazon -RRB- . The fact its not as waterproof as Frontline Plus kinda irks me , but i only bath my dog monthly anyways -LRB- Somehow he remains clean even though he 's rolling out in the dirt everyday ! -RRB- and he rarely gets wet so no bother to me.You should also take into account that after you 've applied Bio Spot or any other flea preventative if your home is infested with fleas and ticks , then they will still end up on the dog , but eventually be killed . So if you do still notice fleas on your dog , make sure you treat your home and yard before you come to the conclusion that the topical preventative did n't work .
 I have been using this product for 5 years and never had a problem with either of my dogs . Seems to work really well and the price is right .
 I 've used BioSpot several times , when traveling with my dogs to known flea country , and it does a great job . Nor have I had any ill effects when used on my three border collies and my Aussie.Also , one of my dogs somehow picked up dog lice -LRB- !!! -RRB- -LRB- I can only guess it was when she got shots at the vet 's office -RRB- and the only thing that knocked the little rascals out was BioSpot . For me , it 's a great alternative to the budget-minded , when Frontline is out of reach .
 I have used Bio spot for many years on our dogs . We live in the country where their are many deer . We have not had any problem with ticks or fleas on our dogs.The price is exceptional too .
 If you are still paying high prices for the top Name Brand flea and tick remedies , you need to know , that Bio-spot is the best . We have had dogs that the high price items did not work on . Bio-spot worked where nothing else did . We live in the heart of tick country in Northern Wisconsin , and boy , do we know ticks . Give it a try , and you will be sold too .
 Love this stuff works . Works great , could honestly apply this every other month and it would be just as effective .
 We use Sentinel to control fleas , worms , heartworms , etc for our two ten year old german shepherds . It fails however to control ticks . This product is used for tick control as we live in the country .
 Have been using this on my dogs for years . It works against ticks , unlike some more expensive ones . The only drawback is that one of the dogs -LRB- short haired -RRB- gets itchy for a couple of days where the product was applied . My german shepherd does n't seem to have any reaction .
 Great Product and great price . Defentialy saved me some money . I 've been getting product through vet and it cost twice as much and with 2 dogs on a monthly program it gets expensive .
 I have 5 dogs and it gets very expensive to use the stuff from the vets . I tried Bio Spot a while back and it worked well and none of my dogs ever had any problems with it so I have continued to use it.As to the negative reviews , I have heard of people having problems with just about every similar type product , almost every type of medication and even problems with rabies and booster shots so you need to use your own judgement about these things .
 This is the only flea stuff that we can use on our bulldog.It works great and she is not allergic to it .
 We were first introduced to these in Dog Training Class . The dogs LOVED these . They are light weight and the trainer recommended them . The dogs ppreferred these over any other treats .
 My 12 year old Bichon had a medical problem and had to be confined to a crate for 3 weeks . She was on a medicine that caused her to drink a lot of water . I only had a water dish to put in her crate and she continually knocked it over . So I decided to buy the Lixit Dog Waterer . What a blessing it was . Being 75 years old , it was wearing me out , putting dry towels in her crate and drying her off . Now she could get water any time she wanted it , even if I happened to be gone for an hour or so . What a life saver it turned out to be . She 's all better now and I hung the waterer in the laundry room and her water stays clean and free of dirt . I really like this product and I know my little doggie does too . So will you ! : - -RRB-
 I have a large number of dogs and they require fresh , clean drinking water at all times . I have about twenty of these Lixit Dog Waterers 64oz hanging up all over outside and also inside the house . Yes , they do drip slightly when you first hang them up , but it VERY soon settles down . Inside the house , I put a little glass bowl under it and have never had a problem . I wholeheartedly recommend this product . Use it and see for yourself !
 Not sure what to say , other than its crab food , seems like a decent quantity for the price , and the crab seems to like it .
 this flea and tick shampoo is probablythe best we have used on our 2 dogswe will be placing another order withthis sellerthanks
 This GrassSaver Grass kit DOES work , but you have to be extremely patient with it . It took me several weeks until the results of using this product finally came into effect . Then again , my yard tends to be a LOT more stubborn than most peoples yards when it comes to growing things effectively , so that 's probably just a problem I had , and who knows ? Maybe most people wo n't have the same problem . Anyway , just be patient with this grass seed patch kit , and do n't expect instant results or you will be disappointed .
 How can anyone rate this product - it would need a controlled double blind scinetific study , with , say 100 dogs using it , 100 using a placebo , all on the same diet and environment and with identical genetics . Impossible !! However , if used daily as directed , it probably does help to preserve canine dental health.More important than this gel , however , is diet . Feeding a raw meat and BONE diet , allowing dogs to chew meat and raw bones as wolves do will help more than anything else to keep the teeth healthy . Kibbles , grains are what cause 90 % of canine tooth decay - the giant dog food corporations will not allow discussion of this ! Maybe Amazon should !!!!! I plan to continue daily use of this gel as well as feed my dogs a biologically appropriate raw meat & bones diet .
 I would like to review the item but never received it . The mailman left the notice , I left iot in the door they never took it , went to the post office and they did n't have it . soo
 Buy online your vet will charge an arm and a leg , so will PetSmart . This works well if you treat the dogs mouth at least twice a week for the first month and then bi-weekly there after . Application is simple , apply to finger , smear over dogs gums and teeth . Done . Say bye-bye doggy breath !
 I bought this in addition toBiotene Veterinarian Drinking Water Additive -LRB- 4 fl oz -RRB- to help my dogs and cats with the oral hygiene . All of my pets had a little plaque/tartar buildup , and my 10-year old Chihuahua has MAJOR dental issues . I 'm pretty sure the vet is gon na have to pull half of her teeth the next time I take her . Anyhow , in an effort to save remaining teeth , take care of my dog , and reduce her nasty breath , I bought this and the water additive . I use this on her and my dogs/cats , and none of them like it , but they do n't like me looking at their gums/teeth period , so I 'm pretty sure that 's the main issue . And I keep it refrigerated so I 'm sure they do n't like me squirting cold gel on their gums . I give them a dental treat afterwards to make them a little happier , which works . My other pets tolerate it but Magenta -LRB- chihuahua -RRB- struggles with me every time I try to apply this . I apply about 2-3 times a week , mostly when I remember . I hope this works ! So far , Magenta does not have stank breath anymore , so that alone is a bonus !
 This is an excellent product for use in ferrets oral regimes . Very effective at removing tartar build up . Lightly flavored , cost effective , multiple size options , and safe for health-compromised oldsters .
 my vet recommended this for my boston terrier . not only does it help us keep him cavity free , it also makes his breath fresh !
 This is a great product ! I use it on my teacup poodle who has such a tiny mouth it is hard to brush her teeth . Using this product , helps to reduce bad breath and tartar buildup .
 Excellent product . Use it for both my dogs & cat . Helps freshen their breath smell , provides vitamins , and they like it . Will & have ordered again .
 Love this product - it is easy to use and leaves my dog 's breath fresh . Have recommended it to family and friends with dogs .
 This is a great product that was recommended byour Vet , and by buying it through Amazon thesavings were exceptional . If you ca n't find iton Amazon you do n't need it .
 After using this product on our 11 year old springers awful breathe for about 10 days , her breathe is noticeably better.I now am using it once a day and it continues to get better each day . Glad I purchased this product . A vet on a talk show I listen to mentioned it .
 We have two Italian Greyhounds and while both have the small dog curse -LRB- terrible teeth -RRB- , our boy is much worse . Brushing everyday and antlers are helpful -- he still needs cleanings yearly . Twice a year would be great ; that 's how bad they are!Anywho , this product came highly recommended from some friends in a meetup group -- and wow !! Already -LRB- it 's been a few months -RRB- , I can see a huge difference in plaque accumulation . Very noticeable difference . I 'm very impressed ! I also picked up the CET chews and switched to CET vanilla mint toothpaste . The combination has been remarkable !
 My lab has n't quite gotten excited about this ball yet , but it is nicely made and very soft . Hopefully he starts using it soon .
 I bought this for my boyfriend 's family dog . She absolutely loved it . It was perfect because she could whip it around , toss it , etc and she was n't causing a raucous or hurting anyone/herself . Everyone said if it was tugged on it would fall apart and , after two days of playing , the center of the ball has started to come apart a little but that 's okay . It is still a fun toy , and the dog loves it .
 My yellow lab just loves this toy . It has become her favorite in her box of toys . We can even play fetch in the house !!!
 I 've had a couple of this type of toy , this is the first one my dog has n't destroed in two weeks-I 'm guessing because it 's slightly larger and more tightly wound . A fun , colorful , soft , and QUIET ball to throw around . If it gets dirty/smelly I through it in the wash with dog towels , and it air dries quickly . Best part , there 's ZERO stuffing , so I did n't have an immediate snowstorm in my living room . Great toy for dogs that like the plushy stuff and tend to be shredders .
 I purchased this for my very large dogs who destroy every toy they have ever gotten . So far they have shaken it around , tossed it , pounced on it and tried to steal it from each other . It has not been chewed to pieces ! I think I will order another one !
 Hi , I am QUINCY FRANK , a 4 1/2 year old White West Highland Terrier , from a breeder in North Carolina , I flew in via Delta Airlines , to Ft. Lauderdale Airport , to join up with my new family . My family bought a few of these same toys for me but the original one they named Baby and I go to sleep at night with Baby and my family.I eat ou regularly with the family they take me everwhere they go . I was with a trainer for over 3 1/2 months and she taught me everything I now know , it was worth all the time I spent with my trainer . I probably love people more than other dogs , I go to a Bark Park every night at about 5 P.M. there I spend time with all kinds of dogs and sizes , it is a lot of fun . Sometimes dogs get into fights I just do n't understand that at all , I just run over to see what all the fuss is about . I like big dogs the most and I try and keep up to them when they run in circles.In the park there is a bench where the owners can sit I always jump up on the bench to perch my self on their laps I know they like it most of the times when I do this.If your ever around my Bark Park in Hollywood , FL . at about 5 P.M. and want to stop by just to say hello , why do n't you do that . By the way my name is QUINCY ****
 My dog absolutely loves this thing , and he goes crazy when he hears it sing . The snake one is especially good for dogs that chew constantly , since my dog will easily break a soundbox within a day of getting a toy and this one is still working for past two years .
 My shih-tzu loves his little deedle dude . He wo n't even go to bed without it . Sometimes we have to search the house over until we find it before he will go to bed at night . The voice box went out in ours after about 8 or 9 months . But that did n't matter to our little Boo man . He absolutely loves it . I will be ordering another one that sings again for him for Christmas . Our first one was the shark . This time I will order the snake !
 I ca n't even tell you how many hours of enjoyment my little dog has gotten from these Deedle toys . If you have a dog who likes `` talking '' toys , it will love these ! They sing a little song that will drive you nuts after a while , but the dog sure loves it . Each time I get my dog a new one she goes nuts as soon as it comes out of the package!The only bad thing is the talking box inside is a sensitive electronic component , so if you have a bigger dog who chomps too hard , it will break -LRB- and not a lot of padding to protect it , too -RRB- . Great for small and medium dogs though !
 These silly little things keep my very spoiled dogs happy . They always make me laugh when they set one off and they do so with great regularity.If you 're looking for something a little different , Deedle Dudes are really it . We have the snake and the mouse ones . They 're great !
 My German Shepherd loves this toy . I found it in a pet store long ago , and her old one finally died after years of playing with it . I searched high and low around pet stores to find her another , but had no luck . Luckily , a friend spotted the Deedle Dude on Amazon for me and now my canine kid is happy again !
 When I brought this home every animal in my house came running . I got it for a four-month old puppy . She loves it . It is how I taught her to play fetch . I throw it , she brings it back and drops it and I make it sing . Once it stops singing , she sits and looks at me and I throw it again . She can make it sing on her own , and will carry this all around the house , but she loves to fetch it ! This is one of the best toys I have ever bought for her .
 I have a couple picky box turtles and getting them to eat pellet food is somewhat of a chore . But with this food its easy to get them to eat it . It has a fruity smell , which box turtles just love . I 've found the best way to feed it is to pre-moisted it , as the round pellets are hard . My juvenille turtles will eat it right in their water dishes . With my adults I just pre-moisten it and feed it , sometimes mixed with Mazuri , fruit , or veggies .
 This was the first and now final commercial food I use for my box turtles.The bad news is it has more food coloring and preservatives than any other box turtle food out on the market as well as glucose . When moistening the food you have to make sure to drain it thoroughly or else it will become gluey and pasty , making it undesirable . This product also has a high amount of animal protein . Great for baby boxies , but most ideal to mix in other food as well.The good news is that there is something about it that makes it as sought after as bananas . They all just go nuts for it.Add in some dry pellets along with moistened upon serving as to help trim their beaks if you have nothing for that .
 Revival is NOT authorized to sell Fastrack nor is Amazon authorized to sell Fastrack . This product does work when purchased from an authorized dealer . Revival has been violating this aspect to undercut authorized dealers for years . The only authorized on line sales are through dealers approved by Conklin Company and from Conklin 's website .
 My Yorkie is neurotic and gets diarrhea when she gets upset or nervous -LRB- storms , beeping noises , visitors -RRB- . She will eat this off my finger or her plate , rather than me having to hold her down and squeeze it down her throat with a syringe like the Diarsanyl the vet gave us -LRB- though that also stops the diarrhea -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like is the cost for shipping it -LRB- about $ 8 shipping for a $ 13 tube -RRB- ; since it must be kept refrigerated it comes packed with ice so I understand the company 's cost to ship is more . I ca n't buy in bulk since I only use about 1 tube every 6 months and I do n't want to wind up with expired product I did n't use . But it works and I do n't feel bad giving it to my dog so I pay it . My breeder , known for her show dogs , recommended this to me .
 My Pug dog loves to eat poop , then it makes him sick ! Gross ... I know . I bought this in hopes that he would stop eating his poop and it worked after about 2 days . He did n't mind us putting it on his food , he just ate it with it right on top in his bowl -- looked like powdered sugar . When we ran out of Forbid he figured it out and started eating poop again . So , this stuff is good for preventing poop eating when it 's being used . As far as future incidents without it , not so good .
 My YorkiePoo no longer enjoys cat litter treats . It has taken slightly longer than the initial dose , so all four cats are now on the 1/8th dosage for 5 weeks . Shipping was fast . Good customer service .
 Received in very quick time . No problems . Product exactly as described.Excellent seller .
 forbid was just the thing i had been searching for . nothing had stopped my german shepherd from eating his feces for a year . now he is on just a small maintenance amount of forbid each day and he is poop free . i got the product i ordered , on time and it worked perfect . much cheaper than the vet .
 Okay - what can you say about a product that prevents your sweet little puppies from nibbling & even eating each others poop . The vet tells me the puppies think it tastes good to them but is a habit that should be broken if possible . It 's suppose to make their poop taste bad and apparently that 's exactly what it does . One puppy is no longer interested and the other is losing interest . Ca n't beat the price here and I would recommend this product if your having the same problem .
 Well , the dogs do n't mind the taste of the Forbid - first 12 packets I ordered were stolen off the counter and eaten up paper package and all . The second shipment , that also arrived in just days , is secure and seems to be working after just a few feedings .
 the packets came on time and work well as the maintenance part of my dogs plan . thank you very much . i will be ordering again as part of the maintenance .
 I have a GSD that ate his feces on all occasions , esp when he had allergies and i had to give him medicine . I tried everything but this worked . At first i had to give him large amounts at each meal . Then i weaned him back to smaller amounts over very gradual time periods . I have also used canned pineapple in his dry food , alternatively , and that works to add fiber and make the fecal not smell the same . But i always keep this on hand .
 This product is easy to use and does n't have a bad smell when putting it in the dog 's food . We have a 1 year old from a shelter , so he has many months of stool eating . This product is the only thing that has at least reduced that . We are using other training techniques as well to get our dog to stop . This is the only product we found , thanks to the recommendation of our vet , that has slowed our persistent pup down !
 Our Vet sent us home with Probiocin because our Westie has a very sensitive tummy . -LRB- We paid $ 18 for one tube of it ! -RRB- This stuff REALLY WORKS !! It helps my little guy out so much ! He hardly ever throws up now , and when he does it 's usually because we missed a few days of his Probiocin.Now for ordering on Amazon . I would n't have it any other way ! It 's soo much cheaper and it comes SO fast ! We will for sure be buying from ProbioticSmart again !
 Got exactly what I wanted at a great price in a timely manner . I 'll be ordering again from this company very soon !
 I 'm not actually under 13 , but I do n't have a log-in so I did the kids review.Due to an incident with some Country Crock margarine -LRB- which is definitely not a regular staple in his diet -RRB- , my dog had awful liquid diarrhea for three days . I took him to the vet where they prescribed probiocin to regulate his digestive system and aside from a few liquid stools immediately after the vet visit he was back to normal almost instantly.I would recommend using this before seeing a vet only if you KNOW FOR SURE your dog 's diarrhea was caused by a change in diet . If it has come on suddenly and mysteriously you should see a vet because the cause could be more serious . Otherwise using this product could save you a costly vet bill for a normal case of the runs .
 This is an aid for digestion for small animals like kittens , cats , small dogs and puppies , when they get tummy aches and/or have problems eliminating . This gel has benefical natural bacteria -LRB- like in yogurt -RRB- that is normally found in the small intestines , but for some reason -LRB- travel is a big upsetter -RRB- has been thrown off causing the animal discomfort . This gel normalizes this problem and in most instances , will correct it . Easy to administer . Put small amount -LRB- read directions for dosage -RRB- on finger and place on roof of the animals mouth .
 This is a fabulous product especially for transitioning kittens from mothers milk to eating food .
 We put our sun conure on BeneBac when she was 3 months old . She will be 20 years old in March 2013 and has never been sick . Her diet consists of BeneBac , Harrison 's bird food and a little fruit . My veterinarian , my senior citizen bird , and I highly recommend this product .
 Great for dogs of all ages . We used it on our puppies when traveling and when they had upset tummies .
 I have always used green gel benebac . This does n't seem to smell or taste any different , but it seems strange that it 's yellow
 Excellent cat food ! No grains . Great taste . My cat who turns his nose up to even fresh cooked meats loves it !
 I got this cute little toy for my parakeet . He loves it ! Its his favorite toy in the cage . He rings the little bells on the end and even though the mirrors are pretty small he can still see himself in them and he likes them a lot . He isnt tall enough to reach the beads at the top though but if he could i am sure he would like them ! It is a very cool looking toy too , pretty big for a parakeet . My bells didnt come in gold though , they came in silver and i like the silver a lot better . Silver looks more like a bird toy ! I would recommend this toy for ANY small or medium bird , trust me they will love it !
 I 've tried getting my cockatiel multiple hanging rope toys but she just does n't like them at all . I finally got her this as well as another JW Pet Company toy and she loves them ! Which is a relief for me because she gets bored so easily . She likes toys that she can actually move around with her beak which she ca n't really do with the rope toys because they 're stringy . So even thought it 's just a simple plastic toy , I am definitely pleased .
 I picked up this ring chain when I first got my budgie . I had seen the birds at the store playing with/in it , so I thought it would be a good choice . It 's not his favorite toy , but it 's in the top three , whether he 's swinging on or climbing through the rings , or just ringing the bell . A great pick to start out your cage .
 It 's hysterical to watch my keets jump through the hoops on this toy . They love using it to get between two other perches and playing with the bell on the bottom !
 Pretty simple device . works good . Gets Algae in it after a while but that 's not really a problem . We use 3 of these for our dozen Coturnix Quail .
 The bottles arrived very fast which was great . Although they work fine we could n't seem to get them to stop dripping no matter what we tried .
 I needed to search for a replacement cat door . The old one was ten years old and showing some signs of wear from hard use . As usual I started searching on Amazon and found the exact replacement with a PetSafe Four-Way Locking Deluxe Cat Flap with Frame in White . The price was very reasonable and the shipping was fast . Thanks again Amazon.Ken Skirtz , Cincinnati , Ohio
 So cutting the hole in the door was the worst part . Took a few tries but then the thing slipped into place , locked well , and was stable enough for my little cat.The locks are weird tho . It 's these tiny little knobs that work - but only if your cat does n't barrel into the thing at full speed . It 's like holding your weight by your fingernail . And locking the thing both ways is a PAIN . The slide does n't like to slide - it jerks through the grooves , the knobs do n't like to be moved - you sometimes have to push them down by hand . Frankly if I could recommend anything to the manufacturer One big `` biscuit '' - like tab -LRB- The construction biscuits vs dowels -RRB- would be enough . If people want to lock the cat out or in they 'd raise the biscuit on either side of the plastic door . And locking it into place would be more secure with a larger-than-baby-toe-pinky-nail surface as well.but once I got it together - I was n't about to take it apart to then leave a nice hole in my door ...
 Length :
 I needed a solution to allow the cat into the utility room without having to open the door . I give this product four stars because for this interior application it does it 's job . The locking mechanism is not very sturdy , for me it does n't matter as I wo n't be locking it , but if you plan to use the lock you may look elsewhere . ** PROS ** - Discrete looking-Inexpensive-Easy to install : - Includes traceable template-Requires drill and jig-saw-My model included the plastic tunnel between each side which is good for hollow interior doors ** CONS ** - Locking tab is flimsy and probably wo n't last if used frequently-Build quality as a whole is what you would expect given the priceOverall I would recommend this product to a friend if they were in a similar situation to myself . If they needed a door that could lock in various situations , I would recommend to keep looking .
 Cat FlapThis door lasts us about 1 year at a time and we have to replace . The switch on the bottom will break after that time . We are on # 3 at this time . We get the same one , so the holes will line up in the basement window . The door itself is a step-saver from going up and down the basement stairs to let the cats in and out .
 This was a replacement for a door my cats broke by racing in and out . Sturdy and easy to install .
 Good service and product was easy to install !!!! Will use again if need to , great company and service !!!! Rick from Mo. .
 When my wife and I decided to get a cat , we made the decision that the litter box should go in the laundry room . I chose this `` cat flap '' as a means to let the cat get in and out without having to keep the door open all the time . I could n't be happier with this purchase . I had the cat flap installed in the door in under a half hour . I found it easiest to tap out the hinge pins and remove the door to the garage for installation . Once clamped to my workbench , all I had to do was trace the outline of the template provided and follow the lines with my jigsaw . Like I said , it took me 30 minutes tops , and the thing looks great!I highly recommend this product for interior door applications !
 I purchased this water bottle for use with my Marchioro Tommy-82 cage for my guinea pig . The water bottle was affordable , holds a good amount of water and has not leaked . Very satisfied .
 I love this brush . I have an English Cocker Spaniel who always seems to have matts . This brush is wonderful . The handle is very comfortable to hold and the brush is very well made and sturdy . It manages to get out matts that I am convinced will never come out . It is absolutely amazing . I love it so much that I purchased two so that I always have one within reach . I highly recommend this brush .
 I Love these cups because of their versatility for hanging in nearly every cage type and just the right size for a variety of critters not to mention the ease of cleaning and sterilizing .
 Perfect size for my rat . It has rounded edges inside the cage , which it holds on to snugly . It 's easy to clean and comes out of the ring easily .
 This is perfect for my Pug 's crate , it attaches to the side and she does n't knock it down . The bowl comes out of the holder to wash and refill , and it 's just the right size . Very happy with it .
 Items was delivered as described and I got them faster than anticipated . Great company to deal with !
 There was no problem with this transaction . It arrived quickly and was of the quality I expected .
 Oti Rinse is a good product , but I find for my Basset Hound , Epi Otic is a better option .
 This product was prescribed for excessive ear wax by my cat 's veterinarian . It costs a little less to buy it over the internet .
 This supplement works great . All my dogs and puppies love the taste , it helped me put weight back on my nursing females in half the time . My male dogs kept their wonderful shape even during breeding season when eating is not their first priority .
 We started using Dyne on a few of our dogs that were slightly underweight . In less than one week our Bullie was looking better and our vet noted a weight gain of almost one pound . Great stuff ! We just add a little teaspoon on top of their regular kibble .
 If you have a show dog or sick dog this is the stuff to have ! It works great ! I been breeding for over 10 yrs and will use this as long as it stay or gets better !
 This is a wonderful product ! We used it with one of our baby alpacas this year who was extremely under weight.Going into the cold winter it was important that she keep her weight on until her thick fiber grew in.With the help of Dyne I am happy to report that she is at a healthy 52lbs ! We 've ordered the Gallon to have it on hand . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought this to mix with the meds for the dogs and it worked great ! Later used it as a supplement to help put weight on some of the dogs . They absolutely love the sweet taste : -RRB-
 The Dyne is great for pups as well as bitches recovering . Is working great for us . And it seems it taste good cause I have a few dogs who are picky an they love it .
 So I bought this to try and get our foster basset hound to gain some much needed weight . well let me tell you , not only has it helped . She has gained almost 10 pounds in over 2 months - she was very underweight . But my other bassets love the stuff too . I could never get them to eat kibbles or any kind of dry food . I decided to mix a bit of this stuff with their dry food and they woofed it right down ! I have been trying to get them to eat dry food for over 2 years and nothing worked until this ! I am so glad too as it has saved me a tremdous amount of money ! So I highly recommend this product . It seems to have a sweet taste -LRB- maybe -RRB- - smells like vanilla . Either way , I have decided to continue to purchase it and use it regularly in their dry food once a day . it does not take much to get them to eat it that way either . Great stuff !
 Product is great , thank you for the quick shipping ? The price for this product was also great and I look forward to buying more in the future .
 The fleas this year are worse than ever . I have usually been able to keep the problem at bay indoors , but not this year . Out of sheer luck , I discovered this product and gave it a try . Like the title states ... This does work , and it works fast . I will be getting more to have on hand in case the needs arises again .
 I use this along with Program tablets to put a stop to any sign of fleas in my home . Product earned my trust by DESTROYING an infestation that the `` pros '' said would cost $ 450 to take care of .
 This product worked fast and the first time ... After our dog brought fleas into the house for the 3rd time we were fed up ! -LRB- DO NOT BUY BIO-SPOT or ADVANTIX , spend the additional money and get the Frontline -RRB- . I am extremely allergic to flea bites and was getting eaten up ! Previously we had called a VERY expensive exterminator , and that was for our wood floored home ! This time with a baby on the way and a home that 's carpeted throughout , we just did n't know what to do ! My husband bought this product and treated the carpets extensively while I was away from home for the night and the problem was fixed in a snap with no residual effects on me or my baby . What more can you ask ?
 My dog was not taking in solid foods as it turned out that she had a GI infection . Fortunately , she was still taking in liquids and this was a perfect way to make sure she got something into her system . I continued using it after she had recovered because she was so thin . She looks more like her old self now and that 's what I was aiming for . As another reviewer mentioned , it really does smell like cake batter .
 as my 8 year old dachshund has gotten older , she has found that she can not be bothered to get out of her very comfy heated bed -LRB- which is an extension off of my bed and we call it her `` penthouse '' -RRB- . when it 's time for everyone to eat dinner , sometimes she will oblige , but if there is too much noise or excitement , she 'd be glad to just nap and hang out in her little retirement home and possibly not eat for a couple of days . if i fix her food and bring it to her `` haven '' , she will eat the entire bowl . i have tried numerous senior calorie supplements and she has turned her distinguished nose up at all of them , but man oh man does she love this stuff ! i even tasted it and it smells and tastes like cake batter or condensed milk . now she 'd rather drink this than eat dog food , but it works great if you mix it in the food or put some in their water . it 's amazing ! she 's gained some weight again and is looking healthy and happy !
 I love this product , this is my second bottle and I ca n't see myself ever not having this available ! I use it as a supplement for dogs or puppies who need to put on some weight or who need a boost to their nutrition because they 've been ill . They love the taste and it works really well . I do n't use as much as recommended on the bottle -LRB- it sounded like too much to me -RRB- but have had great results .
 Great product . Pet 's love it . Versatile . Great for giving medications or for weight gain . Great for ailing pets . Good nutritionals and caloric supplement .
 I ordered this to try in an attempt to get a very picky elderly dog to eat . She would only eat every other day in spite of my cooking for her . Lost a lot of weight , is skin and bones . This stuff has her eating 3x a day ... I poured some over the doggy meatloaf or chicken I make for her and she eats everything . I will see if her weight goes up , but I assume with her intake more than quadrupled , she should get some meat on her bones . So far , so good . Thanks for a great product .
 Fall of 2012 was a bad year for cria on our llama farm . Navarro was born two weeks early , and his mom had very little milk . I was turned on to Dyne by my feed dealer and I feel it saved Navarro 's life . I gave him 18cc 's in the morning and the same at nite , along with supplement bottles of milk . At two weeks he started nibbling llama feed , grazing and eating hay . At 2 1/2 months he was off the bottles and Dyne and catching up with the other cria . Vivenne was small and delicate and at 2 months came down with pneumonia . Along with her medication I put her on Dyne , same amount as I had given Navarro . The Vet . was guarded on her getting well and I feel Dyne made the difference . Even though she seems to be completely over the pneumonia , I will keep her on the Dyne to help her catch up . GREAT PRODUCT !
 It works for sure . It apparently tastes good too . It 's like melted ice cream . I noticed my 3 month corgi puppy get fatter after 1 week . Reason why I did n't give it 5 stars is because it 's pricey .
 Dyne never fails to keep a show dog eating . We top dress our kibble with it and even the most finicky dog eats like it was his last supper !
 I have one boxer that is very skinny and one boxer that is a bit of a chub . I give both of them this product -LRB- less for the chubby one -RRB- and they both LOVE IT so much ! My skinny boxer typically eats a little bit of food and wanders around the house with a mouthful dropping food all over the place . My other boxer takes that as an invitation to eat his remaining food . However , with this product , my skinny boxer just chows down on his food ! Never leaving his bowl not once ! It 's fantastic . I 'm hoping he 'll fatten up really quickly . Not hugely fat , but he does need a little bit more meat on his bones . EXCELLENT PRODUCT FOR THE PICKY EATER !!
 I own a breed that is usually prone to being overweight ... Usually is a term I use lightly . I have a couple of them that refuse to eat the same thing twice in a row and have driven me to sheer exhaustion trying to get them to eat `` something '' on a coninual basis and not look like they are malnourished.Dyne is my successful go-between . My right hand man . My knight in shinning armour.Dyne puts enough weight on them that if they do n't eat right `` every day '' they at least do n't `` look '' like they do n't eat every day . * This of course is after many visits to the vet to be sure there is not some underlying cause for their `` anorexia-like '' behavior.Dyne is a very thick yellow-cake-batter-like smelling goo that when mixed with water makes a white milky looking liquid that the dogs really enjoy . They will burst at the seams if given the chance . At least I know they are not lacking any vitamins or minerals if I get them to eat a little kibble and drink a bit of Dyne . I no longer worry about unbalanced meals when all they will eat some days are fast food burgers or fried chicken ... They do it fewer and farther between now that we 've added Dyne to their daily routine .
 We have a lab mix , who has always been a bit skinny due to her high level of activity -LRB- no medical issues -RRB- . We fed her as much food as she would eat , and she still could n't put on those last few pounds . The vet recommended Dyne , and it has been wonderful for her . She absolutely loves it , and demolishes her food when it is on there -LRB- hence the nick name puppy crack -RRB- .
 I have been buying another product to help your pet gain weight , and it , too works , but it costs considerably more than this one . I have previously tried other things , but my dog would not eat them , and it does n't do a bit of good if the product is n't enticing enough to the animal to make them want to eat it . My GSD is so thin , you can feel her individual vertabrae when you rub her back . I have tried everything from homemade meatballs to going back to feeding her puppy food , but she still had little appetite and even putting soup or gravy in her dog food did n't help . But , whatever is in this stuff is a true magic elixer !!! She will eat it plain , but I 've also found that if I mix it with her dry food , she actually eats every bite of her dry food !! OMG , it 's a miracle !! It has only been a week , but I can already see a difference .
 I won a bottle of Dyne high calorie supplement at one of our Greyhound gatherings . We have three Greyhounds , one of whom is 13-1/2 . She 's in excellent health , with no issues except she 's become a `` hard keeper '' . She eats fine ; she just does n't eat very much . Consequently , she 's very thin . Twice a day , we give her about 2 tablespoons of Dyne on a saucer or in a bowl . I think the Dyne has made a big difference in Ecstasy 's quality of life . I would strongly recommend this product for anyone nursing a dog back to health or trying to provide extra calories for a geriatric dog .
 My dog got a neurological condition when she was 8 mos old -LRB- white shaker dog syndrome -RRB- and could n't eat . This kept her alive . Just a little squirt down her throat a couple times a day kept her nourished with nutrition , calories and vitamins to keep her strong . This is great to have on hand , especially if you have an older dog who sometimes does n't feel like eating -LRB- but they still need nutrients and calories -RRB- . It really give a good energy boost also . The only thing I would change , is maybe to have it contain a tad less sugar -LRB- can sometimes cause diarrhea -RRB- but that 's it .
 We bought this product because we had an old dog that seemed the be losing weight as he 's gotten older . In just two weeks we 've seen a great improve in his look - meaning he just looking healthier and happier . Then we rescued a puppy and we give it to her once a day - she also loves it and it actually got her to eat ... Which was a problem at first . It smells pretty good . I have n't noticed it making the dogs hyper but maybe I 'll have to watch that !
 My one year old Siberian Husky has been having a trouble with his weight and also is an extremely picky eater . I have tried so many different wet and dry dog foods and he has n't liked any of them enough to stick with them . He has been on this stuff for about a month and his coat has greatly improved , he looks healthier and has reached a better weight . He loves this stuff !
 MY DOG LOVES NOT TO EAT!Sounds crazy , but it 's true . She 's a little over 12 months old , in perfect health , has had every test under the sun done multiple times including blood work , stool samples , observations you name it ; she 's even been prescribed 2 different appetite stimulants that did nothing ... For some reason since she was a tiny puppy , she has decided that she will only eat a meal here , a meal there , and nothing that we can do has made her change her ways . We have switched foods multiple times -LRB- we only feed the highest quality -RRB- , mixed wet food in with dry , warmed wet food and then mixed it in with dry , poured chicken broth on her food , cooked chicken for her ... well you get the picture ! Nothing has made her want to eat.Then came the day that I found Trophy Dyne High Calorie Animal Supplement ! OMG !!!!! This stuff is amazing with a capital A ! By simply taking 1 tablespoon of this thick cream-colored liquid -LRB- which by the way smells very sweet -RRB- , and mixing it in with her food , she gobbles up her bowl of food and eagerly waits , almost begs that is , for seconds ! We ca n't believe our eyes ! This stuff is a dream come true . I just ca n't say enough about how well this supplement works for our `` baby , '' and how she now eats regularly like she 's supposed to . No more picky puppy here!Thank you Amazon for carrying this !
 We use this item on our show lambs/show goats about 3 weeks prior to showing , it makes the goats coat shiny and gives them that extra nutrional boost to make them muscle up the natural way , with our exercise plan for them . We also use this on our lambs to do the exact same thing , we refuse to inject unhealthy items into our show animals , so this is a great natural alternative !
 birds might not be suitable for them because it might not stay put . Sugar gliders did well with this . It is well manufactured and as long as you can find a place in your cage where it will stay it is a fantastic bargain .
 I use these bowls in my collapsible dog crates , , , They work great and are easy to quickly lift on and off and fit in all crate types . . perfect and very reasonable
 I like the ease with which the bowls are able to be removed/cleaned/filled . However , they are easily upset by my dogs -- bumping the bowls from the bottom when my pups get restless can knock them down . Additionally , the brackets that hold the bowls are bent slightly back , causing the bowl to sit at a slight tilt.Overall , though , I 'm pretty happy with them .
 I have a problem with fire ants getting into the dog 's food . Not anymore . After trying sprays , moving the food around , and other tricks , nothing worked . Lets see those ants try to climb up the fence wire to get into this dish . It could happen , but hopefully it wo n't .
 This is a great bowl . It 's steel so it ca n't be chewed up and it has another bowl inside so you can take it out and fill it up without removind the whole bowl . The only downside I can see to this bowl is that if the animal tried hard enough it could get it off the side of the cage .
 I bought this as a water bowl for my pet bird -- she 's a small dove -- and it fit/hung perfectly in the part of her cage built to hold a food/water bowl . Her old plastic water dish was slimy and disgusting , but this is so much more hygienic and on top of that it LOOKS GOOD in her cage . Lol , yes , she 's gotten compliments from my family on her shiny new bowl . 10 ounces was the absolute perfect size for her , roomy , but not too big .
 It 's small , but out of the way . Easy to hang up and clean . My dog gives it two thumbs up !
 Easy to clean , easy to hang on a crate with no permanent fixtures that can injure your critter . The bowl is sturdy to stand up to being knocked around by a 70 # pit bull , and holds enough food to feed one .
 Works great for my dog crates , even though I think it might be for ferrets or something . We have corgis , and this is just the right size not to `` intrude '' to far into the crate and provide enough for them to drink . I also like that it sort of tilts back a little so it does n't tend to spill into their crates when you close the door .
 I was in a hurry and looked at the product 's picture and added it to my cart before I really read about it . The picture shows two cups , but you 'll only get one . Yeah , yeah , some of you may think that 's obvious if you see the single word `` cup '' , but trust me , save yourself another order -LRB- like me , who 's now waiting for another dish -RRB- and purchase an actual DOUBLE cup that comes with more than just one.The product itself is wonderful . That 's why I went ahead and bought another . Great quality , very sturdy , but it probably wo n't work very well on a cage with most horizontal bars -LRB- it tends not to hook right -RRB- . Since most cages have two sides horizontal and two sides vertical , you 'd best to put it on the vertical sides . Then again , it really depends on your spacing . My bar spacing is 1/2 inch and it is easy unhooked by my SENIOR rats . That bar on under the hooks is the only thing that keeps it in place longer.Still , a very good quality , and very good delivery time . I do n't regret it . Even if it needs re-hooking from time to time .
 I was glad to find this cup for order as it is hard to find them anymore in local pet stores . I use two per dog for food and water in their crates they use during the night . I prefer this style with the hanging hook rather than the style that requires a wing nut and a screw as they are often either easily tipped or become rusted too fast . Unlike the fabrication of this cup style which has the same material for the cup and the hanger , that of the screw type uses a different fabrication with paint that holds the cup which I do not like at all . Happy to find this style as it is far superior for cleaning and moving .
 I have been using these vitamins since my lab was born . She is now 9 and still acts like a puppy . I believe they are working well .
 He is a dog with long hair that needs to be groomed every other day , this product makes the chore a lot less of a hastle
 I love the way I can use the comb to remove mats and tangles . I have a small long haired dog who often gets tangles and I keep coming back to this comb to remove the tangles . The longer tines of the comb come in very handy for picking at the mat to loosen the mat . Once the mat is loosen , I will pick at the sides of the mats and pull a few hairs from the mats and slowly come to the center of the tangle to remove the mat . It also helps a lot if you put a little conditioner into the mat so the hairs are slippery when they are pulled.The spacing of the tines of the comb come in handy for removing the very small knots that can not be removed with a wide spaced comb . The wooden handle is comfortable .
 I was n't sure if the teeth of this comb would go all the way to the skin of my Cairn Terrier , so I was pleasantly surprised to find that it works very well and removes some of the dead undercoat too . The wood handle is comfortable , so my hand does n't tire while using it .
 I love this little comb because it grabs & lifts the fleas right out . This is one of the things we 've been able to use to control our dog 's fleas without poisoning her with chemicals that may cause health problems like cancer . I use it before & after baths & I use soapy water to duck the fleas in . They immediately die of suffocation in the soapy water & fall to the bottom of the container . This combined with consistent carpet washing , doggie baths , flea traps & diatomaceous earth treatments has kept our flea problem almost non-existent .
 Works great , great handle , really can tell if there is flea dirt . Also can brush hair that grows long . Love it !
 just what i need , looks good and will fit both my dogs ! but what 's the price ???
 This is by far the most affordable way of buying this product for your pets . It is a huge quantity that will last for many years . I bought it a couple of years ago and we use it with our 3 cats . It seems to work well , it is what a vet recommended to us , but much more affordable than what the vet could sell to us . I was unable to find it over the counter in most stores , so I was glad to find it here . My only complaint is that I had to do a bit of research online to find out how to dose it properly based on the size of my cats . Wish there were detailed instructions that came with the product .
 I have used pyrantel suspensions for years for my three Jack Russell Terriers . It works and is well tolerated.The pyrantel pamoate I received came with dosing directions for pinworms in human children . According to Heartguard 's package insert , the dosage for control and treatment of gastrointestinal roundworms -LRB- nematodes -RRB- is 5 to 10 mg per KG or 2.27 mg per pound for dogs . However they use a lower dosage in their tablets , 2.5 to 5 mg/Kg . You can safely dose your dog more accurately with this pyrantel pamoate suspension . Use the table below for a dose of 5 mg Pyrantel pamoate per Kg of dog weight . The table is corrected for weight in pounds . So if your dog weighs 110 pounds , give it 5 ml of the suspension once a month . If the dog has an active infestation , doubling the dose to 10 mg per Kg should be considered before concluding the product is ineffective.Dog weight ml of Pyrantel pamoate - 50 mg/ml suspension per dose per month10 pounds 0.5 ml20 pounds 0.9 ml30 pounds 1.4 ml40 pounds 1.8 ml50 pounds 2.3 ml60 pounds 2.7 ml70 pounds 3.2 ml80 pounds 3.6 ml90 pounds 4.1 ml100 pounds 4.5 ml110 pounds 5.0 ml120 pounds 5.5 ml130 pounds 5.9 mlUsing a one ml syringe is the most accurate way to deliver smaller doses . If you must you can approximate the dose with the teaspoons listed below .1 / 8 teaspoon contains about .6 ml1/4 teaspoon contains 1.25 ml .1 / 2 teaspoon contains 2.5 ml1 teaspoon contains 5 ml.Note
 This product was much less expensive than some of the other sites and seems to work great .
 I 've used it twice on my puppies and adult females , and it seems to be working . I would like to be able to buy it in a smaller size also .
 It is exactly the same product veterinarians sell for much more . Am told by a vet that it has a long shelf life , so is practical to buy in this quantity . Much safer for the pets than the OTC stuff sold in discount stores .
 Columbia Laboratories Pyrantel Pamoate 50 mg to 1 ml Suspension works wonderfully for the removal of large roundworms -LRB- Toxocara canis and Toxascaris leonina -RRB- and hookworms -LRB- Ancylostoma caninum and Uncinaria stenocephala -RRB- in dogs and puppies . I have used it for over 20 years for my own puppies and dogs.It is MUCH cheaper than the monthly treatment packs with 2 chewable tablets -LRB- with 113.5 mg pyrantel pamoate per tablet for a total of 227 mg of pyrantel pamoate per pack -RRB- marketed for dogs that will cost you anywhere from 5 to 10 dollars each . This 16 oz bottle of Columbia Laboratories Pyrantel Pamoate 50 mg to 1 ml Suspension contains 24,000 mg of pyrantel pamoate , the equivalent of about 105 of those 2 chewable tablet treatment packs . It would cost between $ 525 to $ 1050 depending on the brand you purchase to get the same amount of doses with those 2 tablet packs that you get for around $ 20 with this 16 oz bottle of Columbia Laboratories Pyrantel Pamoate 50 mg to 1 ml Suspension.DIRECTIONS FOR USE WITH DOGS
 Works fine for Dogs . If purchasing this item for your dog , please speak to your vet or do your research regarding appropriate dosage for your sized dog . Also note , that this is a SUSPENSION , meaning that the Pyrantel Pamoate is tiny particles that are in a dilutant -LRB- liquid -RRB- and the bottle will need to be shaken THOROUGHLY prior to each use , otherwise you will be dosing your dog with just the liquid and all of the actual medicine will be settled on the bottom .
 Item as advertised -LRB- first purchase -RRB- . All of my felines have recovered from their stomach malady . I would buy again - very satisfied . .
 wonderful product for treating a variety of gastrointestional worm issues in cats and dogs . All of my rescued cats/fosters get three doses of this as soon as I get them ! Works great .
 Prompt delivery . Packaged perfect to protect the product . Met my expectation . Will order again when needed . Would recommend for the finicky bird , to entertain them by chewing these safe wood pieces and keeping them away from household items .
 I got the &#34; large &#34; size of these blocks to &#34; refill &#34; some of my conure 's toys as she chews through her blocks . I would judge these are good size for a medium parrot like a grey , mini-macaw , or amazon -- a macaw or big cockatoo could possibly chew through these pretty quickly . They work well for my conure , though , because she is a dedicated chewer , and many conure-sized toys are too &#34; easy &#34; for her strong beak . My only complaint is that most of the holes in the blocks are tiny . They fit a wire or small chain , but not rope or large chain . This problem was solved by &#34; carving &#34; the hold bigger with a knife , but be warned these blocks may need some work if you want to string them on an old toy !
 Makes combing my dogs hair so much easier ! She has super fine hair and it gets knotted up very easily . Plus , it smells great !
 I have 2 chihuahuas . Nail trims are not on their list of favorite things . We have tried lots of options for nail trims - guillotine-style clips , dremmel , pedicure , paying the vet to do it . I really like these clippers ! They would not be good for a larger dog with thick nails , but they were perfect for my dogs . I felt like I had more control with these and could better see what I was trimming as opposed to the guillotine clips . They were also nice and sharp .
 Very pleased with overall ease of ordering . Product arrived in original packaging and was as advertised . Received within two days of ordering . Would definitely order from this vendor again .
 I use several of the Zymox products and have n't found one that has n't given the results I expect from their line . My GSD has n't had an ear infection since I started using Zymox products . I use the ear cleaner about once a month and a few drops of the Otic when/if redness ever appears . Great line of products .
 I purchased this product after using the usual prescription steroid based ear treatments on my Beagle . The steroid based stuff works but is MUCH more expensive and does n't work as well . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to everyone !!!!!!
 i think zymox with hydrocortazone is better for my dog . I used that for almost 2 weeks , then switched to this product . His itchy , red sores came back . Poor guy !
 This worked really well for my dogs ear problems . This is the second bottle I have purchased , and when it 's gone , I 'll order another one .
 The dog was given the medicine as directed and Greatly improved and happy again saved on major vet billHe says Thanks
 I got sick of taking my dog to the vet for ear infections . I tried this product and it works great . He still gets infections from time to time but this clears it up .
 Dog can rip it apart easily however he really enjoys the toy . The toy is well made , bright colors , and fun for the dog . My dog enjoys chewing this toy more than any other toy .
 I had to put in a review when I saw the one star review . I have used this product for 3 years . I wo n't say that it keeps the tanks completely clean , but it does cut down on the amount of green and black algae that forms in the tanks . You do have to change them out every 30 days or they do n't work at all after 30 days . Not perfect , but better than baling out 6 stock tanks every week to change the water . Also , I use the mosquito dunks to knock down mosquitos , and I put the dunks right in the black plastic dispenser that is used for the stock tank cleaner , with a rock or two in them to keep them from floating so that the horses think I have put in a new toy for them to fish out of the tank and stomp on ! Got ta be smarter than the horse . Some days that 's not easy .
 My 18-year old maltese-poodle mix has been taking NaturVet Glucosamine DS Time Release with MSM and Chondroitin since she was 14 1/2 years old . It has helped keep her active and comfortable . She gets it before she goes to bed at night and she thinks she is getting a treat instead of medicine . I would recommend this product for any dog starting to show signs of arthritis .
 Give these to all 3 of my dogs . My oldest is a 9 year old Golden retriever and his mobility is great since he started these . highly recommend
 My bird loves it . that 's all I can say . I wish they 'd go organic though , no pesticides for my little birds please .
 My Green Cheek Conures and my Dusky Conure love this product -LRB- Central American Pres Blend II -RRB- . They think it 's such a treat , and get excited when I pull the container out .
 This is an excellent food for my Amazon parrot -- he really loves it , and wastes very little of it -- as opposed to the parrot food you get at the pet store/wal-mart . Most of that stuff my bird wo n't even touch -LRB- sunflower seed and safflower seeds are all he eats -RRB- and I used to throw it out for the wild birds . This food is just FULL of nuts and dried fruits and even dates and raisins . It 's well worth the money , and the service is excellent . Also -- there are no bugs in this food , like there 's been in others I 've used .
 I love this toy , and more importantly , so do the golden retrievers in my family . While not indestructible -LRB- and I 've yet to find a dog toy that is -RRB- , if one section gets ripped open - you just remove the squeaker and there are still several more to play with . Keeps our dogs busy for long periods of play . The only down side - it tends to be a very noisy toy , but that 's only a down side to people , not to the dogs .
 Su-Su , our Cavalier King Charles , seems to like the chews very much ...
 Bella Rose loves these pigs ears !!! Kudos to you and will be back to buy more ! Yum Yum she says !!
 My mini dachshunds and chihuahua love these Redbarn Naturals Porky Slices . Great deal for a 1.5 lb large bag , small to medium pig ears , MADE IN THE USA written on the back of the bag , distributed by Redbarn Pet Products , Great Bend , KS , USA . My dogs also love the Redbarn Naturals Joint Formula Bully Slices , also a great deal for 1.5 lbs , and ALSO MADE IN THE USA . I have ordered these several times .
 This de-shedding tool takes gobs of hair off in less than five minutes . I had bought one for my son for his dog and then bought this for my three cats . It is amazing . It came in the mail quickly and as depicted .
 Outstanding job of fur removal , especially in long haired cats . Works well with short haired cats too . No extra effort versus other brushes yet results in massive amounts of fur removed . Highly recommended .
 1 of my cats love it , the other one hates it . But it 's a great hair solution to pet hair . I would highly recommend it .
 Do n't be put off by the price ; this is the Rolls Royce of Cat Brushes . I say `` Brush ... Brush ... '' & my Siamese come running . They love it . The FURminator deShedding tool for cats works like a champ . Simply amazing how much fur is thinned & removed . L
 The Furminator is great . My cat is a big shedder and the Furminator gets the under coat ! I use it every day to control the shedding !
 This brush is amazing ! My cat has medium hair and she sheds soooo much . The furminator makes her hair so smooth and gathers up so much . Every time I brush her I 'm shocked with the amount of hair the brush picks up . She seems to like it , unlike her last bristle brush which worked horribly . She purrs every time I use this .
 I really like the furminator for the cat . I wish it had the button to eject the fur though . You can still pull it off it just would have been easier with the button . I did n't realize this one did n't have it . Cat does n't seem to mind being combed . It just pulls out the loose hair . It does n't pull out the ones that are still attached . So now I have a lot less fur on the furniture and on me . It really helps.Amazon was very quick with the delivery . It arrived earlier than they predicted . Nice .
 I 've tried multiple types of combs & brushes on my 6 shorthair tabbies , but nothing really worked well . I have NEVER seen a brush work as well as the FURminator . Mounds and mounds of fur came out of each cat , it was almost scary . Unlike some other brushes which scratch the cat 's skin , this brush did n't hurt my cats at all . I was honestly surprised at how well it worked . My family crowded around me & watched as I brushed each cat . It 's amazing .
 I recently adopted a rescue Himalayan cat , and not having much experience with this breed , even though I brushed him daily , his fur was still out of control and starting to get matted . The Furminator 's official website says it does n't remove mats , and it does n't remove them easily , but with some time and patience it is making a dent , not to mention it removed enough hair to make a sweater . And on my medium-haired tortie , it 's just helping so much with her fur to make her more sleek and smooth and removing all that extra stuff . Amazon has great prices on this product and totally worth the money .
 My order came in a short time -LRB- and it came from Hong Kong -RRB- and arrived in good packaging . My cats are young , and perhaps they do n't have the amount of hair to be removed yet . Also , I 'm hoping that warmer weather will mean I can de-fur them outside more vigorously . I 'm not getting as much volume as the videos online suggest .
 I have an orange and white tabby that leaves white patches of fur wherever he sits . After using the FURminator on him , I 've noticed a dramatic reduction in shedding around the house . Definitely glad I purchased this product !
 The FURminator is extremely sturdy , set in a position that is easy to hold . Amazing how much underfur collects , I comb over and over and each time remove a wad of fur . My cat jumps onto her combing ledge each time I pass , hoping to be groomed , she adores her new gadget ... So do I , no more cleanups . . Downside , it took forever to be shipped from Hong Kong , it was worth waiting for .
 This works GREAT - pulls a TON of fur out ... DeShedding this will do it - which is what it 's suppose to do - so if that 's what you need to do then this is the product that you need .
 I have a persian doll face . And he does n't really like to be brushed at home . He likes going to the grooming places . Has all the attention there -RRB- -RRB- But when i tried this tool on him he behaved and stayed longer though . Now i just use both brushes . It 's good , takes small nods out easily .
 This product , the FURminator , is tops in our house . You love to pet your cats , but you must clean your hands and clothes of the hair left by your loving kitty . This tool is excellent for removing all the ` spare hairs ' . They shed less ; your house stays cleaner , too .
 I have a long haired and a short haired cat and this is just amazing . I have trouble getting them to sit still because they love it so much they roll around . It is the best product I 've ever bought for the kiddos !
 The FURminator has definitely helped reduce shedding in my shorthair cat . I brushed her heavily a few times with the FURminator , and now I just brush lightly twice a week for maintenance . She does n't seem to mind the brush .
 This product is true to everything it says . The hair that came off my cat was unbelievable ! My cat always loves being brushed & she def loves this . She has long hair & it does not pull or anything . Everybody should have this , you can see & feel a huge difference in her coat with only one session . Love it !
 My cat is a terrible shedder -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- and this works even better than I had hoped ! My cat is a little afraid of it , but hopefully he will get used to it .
 I have two kitties , one of which loves being brushed and she 's the longer-haired of the two . I have been using a cat-shaped rubber brush which she adores but it gets fur flying around everywhere . When I read about the mounds of fur the Furminator removes that it was prompted me to purchase this . It does seem to remove some undercoat but so far the amount of fur is not that impressive . Maybe the shedding phase is over for now . With the rubber brush I got tons of fur off but that was earlier in the summer . Bottom line
 If you are going to spend the money on a cat brush you should just go all out and get this one . I used to wash my hands every time after i would even lightly run my hand over my cat 's back because of all the hair that came off . I brush him with this brush not too consistently and there is already a huge huge change . And he has n't had a hairball since the first brushing . Get this !
 we got this brush for our cats about a week and a half ago . we have a short-medium hair and a medium-long hair . our house is wood floors and we have a dark rug in our living room . there were constantly hairballs floating around the wood floors and little gray balls of hair all over our dark rug . i was constantly having to vacuum and we were sick of all the hair everywhere ! so we figured we 'd give this brush a try . it 's amazing!within two brushings , we were already noticing a big difference in how much hair was around the house . i 've brushed them every other day for the past week and a half and it 's incredible what a difference is made ! i hardly have to vacuum up hairballs anymore other than when i brush them.our cats seem to tolerate it okay . neither of them really care to be brushed very much , but they tolerate this better than other brushes we 've tried.the brush itself is pretty nice , the only disadvantage is that it makes the hair have alot of static which sticks to your arm and everywhere , but whatever ... it 's totally worth it ! highly recommend this !
 Amazing item . Read all the reviews where everyone raved , but was still skeptical . I have a very short haired cat who is very skinny . He shed everywhere all the times , fur was flying . No more . I can not believe how much hair this thing picked up off him . No more hair all over the house and furniture . Have no doubts , this furminator works .
 I use this tool on my tabby cat , and he will let me comb and comb him , pulling off a ton of fur , that does n't need to be on him ! -LRB- to avoid hairballs ! -RRB- Especially on the back of his head , all the way down to his tail , it takes a lot of fur off !
 This is a great tool for getting alot of extra hair off your kitty . The regular brushes work good , but then when you go over their fur with the Furminator , you wo n't believe how much more hair comes off . I think it is worth the price , does what is says it will & keeps alot of excess hair off your furniture , etc. . Easy to use & kitty likes to be groomed with it .
 Takes an amazing amount of hair off my long haired cat . Only down side is that it is time consuming & he does n't enjoy it much , but it 's definitely worth it !
 This is a great `` brush '' for our cat ! It 's amazing how much dead under fur it pulled out ! And our cat loves it so much ! Thank you !!
 My vet recommended this to me because one of my cats is prone to hairballs/excessive vomiting . I accidentally purchased the long haired version even though I have short hair cats , but it still works like a charm . The amount of hair that came out in about two strokes of the brush was 100 % more than what would come out in a 30 min brushing session with my normal brush . My other cat also has dandruff depending on how dry the weather is and the brush was even good at pulling up all the dead skin . Seriously , this thing is worth the money .
 The FURminator does what it says it does . The only problem is my cat wo n't let me brush her for more than a few minutes before biting me . She also does n't let anyone touch her stomach so she ends up half de-fuzzed . My cat has a particularly bad attitude though so other pets will probably react better to this product than mine did .
 This brush is incredible ! It really does work like it shows in the infomercials . My only complaint is that the hair flies everywhere when you brush the cat . My cat is an indoor cat , and is very skiddish , so ca n't be taken outside . I think if I could take her outside to brush her , I 'd be happier . Now I just have to vacuum the whole room after I use the brush on her . She loves getting brushed by it , and runs to me when she sees me pick it up . I ca n't believe how much hair comes off !
 it was too expensive at the vet or at petco/petsmart to purchase . it works great , if your cat loves to be brushed . i have recommended to everyone , just remind them to buy it here and dont overpay !
 I only give this 4 stars soley because of the price ; Amazon had the best price , but it was still a bit steep . This tool worked better than anything else . I had been using a flea comb strategically angled , and that worked until it got old for the cat , who let me know when she 'd have enough . A brush was useless , and those mitts and wire `` slickers '' were laughable.When I started using the FURminator , I was ready for a fight ; but my kitty did not seem to mind , and I was able to remove handfuls of loose hair in a short period of time . My cat looks and feels better !
 The price on this was absolutely fantastic . I went to the local pet store and this was selling for about 40-50 dollars.While I did not get as much hair as some of the pictures , it gave us a few handfuls from our cat.Great product , make sure to brush softly !
 This is a great product !!! I wish I knew about it sooner ! I have two cats who shed heavily in the summer ; I ca n't pet them in the summer without getting a handful of fur . The first time I used the Furminator , I filled a plastic grocery bag with fur . I have been brushing my cats once a week with the furminator & my cats barely shed now . The cats also love being brushed with it !
 This is the best brush I 've ever had for my cats . It works so well and really gets all the loose fur and undercoat . I was completely surprised with how much fur it can get out : -RRB-
 Both my cats love it . They have long hair , so I do n't know if it will work as well for other breeds .
 It 's amazing !! cats love it . i love it . Very small teeth fill up fast , but that 's all part of the design.Still works amazing .
 The product is great works amazing and the price is just great considering at the store it is three times as much . It works very well .
 The Furminator is a great product that actually delivers . My cat loves being groomed with the Furminator . I would highly recommend this product to friends and family .
 I have 2 long haired cats that shed copiously . We have tried various shed brushes , wire brushes , etc with little impact . This deshedding tool is amazing . The sheer amount of hair that comes off of each of our cats is truly remarkable . I can not recommend this tool highly enough . Along with theBissell 3260 Pet Pack Vacuum-Cleaner Attachmentsour house is much less fuzzy . Both items are worth every penny .
 This thing definitely pulls loads of fur , and our cat loves it , but be prepared to vacuum the area where you use this because the fur just flies around in the air like little clumps of dandelion seeds . I 'm not sure how it could be designed differently to keep this from happening , though.Don ' t get me wrong , it works great . We just would be more likely to use it more if we did n't feel like we had to vacuum and change clothes after every use ! We end up using our old brush half the time that does n't get as much fur , but is able to collect it so that it can be easily pulled off the brush and put in the trash.I would still recommend it . She has n't had a hairball since we got it . We 'll see if that continues through the summer .
 The ` furminator ' does a great job at getting hair brushed out quickly . Most of my seven cats do n't seem to mind it either which tells me it 's not hurting them . Would buy this again .
 Thank god . Finally a tool that really helps with shedding . This product is awesome . This has solved the nightmare shedding we experienced with our dog . She loves to be brushed with it . It really works !
 My cat loves to be brushed with this tool . I made the mistake once of using my dog 's furminator on him , and while he loved it and purred the whole time , it pulled out way too much fur and he had bald patches ! This one made especially for cats does a great job of pulling out the dead hair while while still leaving his coat nice and full . It 's made well and I expect to use it for a long time to come !
 I have a long haired himalayan mix who grew very long , dense fur as an adult . He shed a ton so we bought this from another site -LRB- costing more -RRB- and it works better than any other brush , comb etc. . We use a `` slikker '' brush on all our other cats to pick off the loose fur , but the Furminator easily pulled out the undercoat that was loose too ! He did n't like it at first-be very careful to use it gently , with very little pressure so as not to pull to hard on their fur or hurt their bones . Avoid bony areas , use on fleshy sides , stomach and tail.Made a big difference and I was a skeptic !
 The FURminator really is a great tool . I have a regular domestic tabby mix , but he has more fluff than most tabby cats . His soft undercoat is wonderfully poofy but he sheds his fur everywhere . I have started using this product once a week which does n't seem to annoy him too much . The FURminator easily gathers a wad of loose undercoat hairs approximately the size of a large softball each time I use it . He is still poofy and soft , but it 's obvious that he feels more handsome when I am done grooming him . He pretends he does n't like being brushed but he purrs the entire time . Thank FURminator !
 This product does remove an impressive amount of fur , especially considering I have short-haired cats . However , despite the fact that my cats enjoy being brushed , they are not to keen on the furminator yet . I 'm hoping this will change in time , but for now my cats run away when they see it or tolerate it for only brief periods of time .
 I had the opportunity to try out a Furminator at a friend 's house and was amazed at the amount of cat hair it gently extracted from the cat . So I bought my own . I can pull piles of fur out and the cats do n't mind at all . This is , by far , the most effective cat combing device I 've ever used . Worth every penny !
 This product works very well unless it 's really time for cat to shed , it 's quite frustrating that you can still see thin hairs laying on your table or counters . But overall , this is product worth buying for . The price is excellent compare to petsmart . They are over pricing !
 I use this weekly on my little fur factory . He used to have a major hairball problem , and the FURminator has practically eliminated them . And a major plus
 this thing is the bomb ! There is hardly any excess hair when I pet kitty now . Meow ! Careful not to brush too much , I flared up my cat 's dermatitis . But he looooved it .
 terminated the fur !! Rids the pet of all the dead undercoat leaving only soft shiny fur and no shedding for weeks ! This is great !
 This really makes a difference ! I have three cats -LRB- two short hair , one medium hair -RRB- and we have a big shedding problem . When I first got this , I spent at least a half hour `` furminating '' each cat -LRB- two love it , one tolerates it -RRB- . Since then , there has been a noticable decrease in cat hair `` tumbleweeds '' on the floor and cat hair `` puddles '' where they sit , and most importantly , no hairballs to clean up ! I would guess that to be most effective you would want to furminate every two weeks , or at least every month , depending on the cat 's coat . This is probably one of the best cat investments I have made - high quality , durable , and it works ! Highly recommended .
 This tool is easy to use and very , very effective at removing loose hair from my American Shorthairs .
 I think this is fantastic . It takes an insane amount of fur off my cats and my cats love it !!
 Works great ! Our cat took a few times to get used to it , but has a much shinier , less frumpy coat now . This is incredible !
 My Husband has terrible allergies . Since using this tool , it has significantly cut down on our cat 's shedding . Plus our cat loves it . I would recommend this to anyone !
 Works well . Is particularly good during the summer months when my cat sheds a great deal .
 I bought this for my Pug , she sheds like crazy and this is smaller version that works great for smaller dogs .
 I bought the Furminator because my cat was shedding so much I was finding clumps of fur all over my house . When I got this brush I was able to remove a whole cat 's worth of fur off of my cat . Since I 've been using it , my cat 's coat is more shiny and soft than it used to be and I 'm not constantly picking up fur balls around my house . I would recommend this to anyone who has an animal with a shedding issue . It 's definitely better than any other brush I 've used in the past .
 Believe the hype , believe it all this is amazing . We have one for our Golden Retriever as well and it does wonders . Must have for any pet owner . Even if you think your pet does shed that much you will be amazed at the fur this thing catches . MUST HAVE !!
 I have 6 cats and have used it on all six . They push each other out of the way to be first and all you have to do is bring out the furminator and they are there . It has cut down on the hair in the house and I recomment it to everyone .
 I really like the Furminator de-shedding tool for cats . I have a long-haired cat that is constantly getting knots in his fur . I 've had the product for about three weeks , and it has really done what it promised . The only piece of advice I would give is only use it on cats for about 5 minutes at a time . My cat gets irritated at me if I use it more than that , because it really does pull the loose fur , and I believe it does cause him a little discomfort . He loves to be brushed , so his irritation has to be from the pulling . He tolerates it well for 3 to 5 minutes though , and I manage to get lots of fur off of him in that small amount of time .
 Excellent product . I was doubtful that it would do the job that many raved about , but it convinced me . My only drawback is that I ca n't get my male cat , Yanni to stay still while I comb him . He has so much hair and I ca n't really use this product on him . But overall , I recommend it .
 This was definitely worth it . It gets way more hair than all the other brushes I have tried . My cats do n't love to be brushed but with this tool you get more hair faster so they do n't have to sit as long .
 This really works . I combed my cats daily and got fur out , but Furminator gets so much more out . Since my cats loved to be combed , they love the furminator . I wish the handle were not so thick , but I guess that fits most hands better than mine . It is truly an amazing tool . Amazon 's price ca n't be beat .
 After going through quite a few other products -LRB- such as many others who have reviewed this product -RRB- I settled on the FURminator primarily from the sheer amount of love Amazon reviewers had for it . After using it for about a month now I definitely see why.I have two cats and a rabbit and live in Phoenix - and now that summer is here it 's definitely getting hot , and they 're shedding like crazy . Using the FURminator I 'm able to pull off A LOT of that loose fur from all three animals every time I use it . They all seem to enjoy it and I rarely have to coerce them to stay still anymore . After a session their coats look much cleaner , less scruffy , and shinier.When petting any of them before using the FURminator my hand -LRB- and anything else they touched -RRB- would be covered in loose strands , now this rarely happens , and the amount of fur on my clothes and living areas has decreased quite a bit.The only suggestion I would have is to use it regularly - if I slack off the loose fur comes back pretty quick .
 Who would think half of a clipper blade could produce such results ? This is a great item to brush your animals . It is easy to use and the cat loves it .
 I wish I 'd had this years ago . I 'm constantly brushing my two cats and the first time I used the FURminator I was shocked beyond words at how much hair came off of them . The cats really enjoy it - whenever I 'm combing one , the other is right there waiting for his/her turn . The biggest plus of all is they have n't hacked up any hairballs since I started using it . Every cat owner should have this !!!!!
 I have two cats . One has very thick , long hair that mats very easily and he was leaving hair all over the house from his shedding . The other one has somewhat long hair that is silky and does n't mat at all and does n't shed too much . The furminator works great on the thick-haired cat . It gets out the dead hair that is trapped . The first time I used it I had a pile of hair as big as the cat . I can use it once a week and not have hair everywhere from his shedding . On the other cat it just kind of skims over the top and does n't seem to get much hair out . So it really depends on the kind of hair that your cat has . I have tried lots of grooming tools and this is the best one I have ever used .
 I am a Kitty Kat owner and he been for years and years . I know what I 'm saying when I tell you to get this for the health of your cat . It is not something nice , it is a tool that is needed for the health of your cat .
 This is really a great product . My two short hair tabby brothers love being ` brushed ' and we get gobs of fur out of them every week . They are inside cats . I keep a sheet or two of a sticky roller handy to catch the combed out fur . It flies around if you 're not careful . I also find it 's helpful to use a comb just to capture the fluffs of fur we pull out . It 's more fun now to play with the cats and rough them up because we no longer create a fur storm every time we touch them . Also nice for lessening the white fur on dark clothes .
 At first , I was a little skeptical . Yeah , right , like some new brush could cure my cat 's shedding problem ... Well , it did ! I have been extremely happy with the FURminator . I had to get my cat used to it , at first - just one or two passes with the brush . Now , we are doing long FURminating sessions where he just purrs and purrs -LRB- and I get all that dead fur out of his undercoat -RRB- . It works best after he has had a bath and is fully dry .
 I have three cats and so shedding has always been a major issue at my house . I am thrilled that I bought a furminator ! I furminate my two heavy shedders once per week and my other cat every other week . There is 80 % less hair on my furniture and the cats ' fur is much softer to the touch . I would highly recommend this product !
 Wow . My mother-in-law recommended this to me and I scoffed at the idea at first . I ordered it a bit begrudgingly thinking yeah , right , this will work . Well , I 'm a believer . I have dark couches and beforehand you could definitely tell where the cats -LRB- I have two -RRB- liked to sit . Now , there'a hardly any couch brushing I have to do . The cats enjoy being brushed with it too , especially when they 're lounging in the sun ! Their fur is so much softer now , too .
 FURminator works like magic on cats ! It works so much better than a regular brush , and gets rid of all that cat hair hiding underneath the top layer of fur . Great product !
 This is the best deshedding tool I have tried . I had already tried some standard , off-the-shelf combs from pet stores , and even brought a ShedEnder . While the ShedEnder is pretty good , it 's nothing like the FURminator .
 Wonderful ! I have the small version for cats but also use it regularly on my small dog - it 's great for both ! -LRB- I 've even used it on a friend 's huge hairy dog and it 's just as fabulous for him , although I would get the larger version if you 're intending to use it on a big dog . -RRB-
 I was so satisfied with using their dog brush that I bought one for my boyfriend 's cat . It works just as well , big clumps of fur came out with every stroke . The only thing is keeping the cat still !! Otherwise , this beats the zoom groom except I think the cat enjoyed that much more because of the ` massaging ' action of the brush . Got it for a steal at $ 9 here : -RRB-
 Absolutely the best fur management product on the market . Being a cat owner for over 35 years , I have never seen anything as good as the FURminator .
 We have 2 cats and a Yorkie . We can use this on all three ! It works great . They do actually let us use this on them when they fight even a brush .
 This seems to be the same product that my vet was selling for $ 35 . It shipped VERY quickly , and my cats LOVE being brushed with it .
 Item shipped and received promptly . This is a MUST HAVE item for anyone who owns animals that shed hair -LRB- in my case , cats -RRB- . The product works just as described and if used on a regular basis , truly helps in keeping the pet fur under control -- which means less hair on furniture , shinier coats , and little to no hairball issues . Simply brush your pet gently all over and remove the hair from the comb as needed to clean the teeth and place it directly into a baggie for containment , and then directly into the trash.It 's quick . It 's easy . And my animals love it !
 My cat has long , thick , and very fine/lightweight -LRB- it actually floats in the air -RRB- fur . She 's 13 and lately has had hairball issues nearly every day . I bought this grooming tool hoping it would take out more loose fur than the fine-toothed comb I had been using . Well , it did not disappoint . The Furminator removes at least ten times more than the comb . The instructions say to check your cat carefully for skin rashes/sores and to not use the tool on such areas , and to avoid Furminating sensitive places -LRB- like butt and tummy -RRB- . My cat balks if I use the Furminator on her tummy so it could be a nip-nicker I do n't know but to be safe I continue to use the fine-toothed comb on her tummy . Using the Furminator feels like I am sculpting my cat into a trimmer state . The thick long fur around her neck , her `` ruff '' - which gets food in it when she eats , is smaller now so eating is a neater and cleaner endeavor . I know my cat is happier and the hairballs are only an occasional occurrence since the Furminator arrived on the scene . There is no question that the Furminator works extremely well at removing fur . Used mindfully and gently I can not see where you could possibly harm your cat with it . My only challenge is getting my cat to stay still long enough for a good session . Still , even at the five minutes or so -LRB- daily -RRB- that she allows me to groom her , moving around the entire time , I still get a huge wad of fur out of her , fur that will not end up in her digestive tract .
 I bought this furminator for my cat and boy does it work great . I recommend it to anyone that has a cat with short or long hair . My cat has short hair .
 This thing is really amazing . The first time I brushed my cat with this , there was a pile of hair large enough to make another cat . She really enjoys being brushed with the Furminator too . She 'll just rub right up against it .
 We had a heavely matted cat . I was able to remove all of the tangles over time . The cat would not stay still long enough to get them out at one time . The tool is very well made.FURminator deShedding Tool for Cats , 1.75-Inch Edge
 Product is awesome . Company was great to deal with - great communication of the status of my order . I highly recommend this product for anyone that has a cat . Works great for both long and short hair .
 My girlfriend has a maine coon cat so it has long hair , and a lot of it . We had seen furminators in the store but they were like 30-50 dollars and that is ridiculous for a brush . We had heard that it really worked , but was skeptical . Finally , I saw this one for 15 and thought why not try it . Got it and tried it . AMAZING . I have never seen so much hair come off an animal . That is a double edged sword . SO much hair comes out that if you are not prepared , it gets everywhere . I would also recommend using two people to control the animal and keep it from eating the hair or use a vacuum while using the brush . But great for removing hair . Also noticed that it is kinda sharp and if you do it too hard it can scratch the animal , so be gentle and you will never worry about shedding again . -LRB- I am allergic so this gives me peace of mind when I go over there -RRB-
 I 've been using one of those standard stiff wire bristle brushes for a while , but my medium/longhair cat still left trails of fluff on everything he touched , even on my hand if I petted him . I had to lint brush my furniture every day . He also hairballs every couple weeks , which is annoying.I got this brush in the mail yesterday , and it got SO MUCH fluff out in one brushing , the pictures do n't lie . My furniture and lap look significantly less cat-colored than they usually do after a day , and my cat does n't leave fluff all over my hands any more ! Success!Note
 I have a Maine Coon cat with long fur . She and I both love this apparatus . She comes running and jumps on my lap when she sees me get it . Amazing !
 Decided to give this thing a try . Have a furry 4 year old calico.A bit pricey maybe , but it works pretty well . Have to constantly pull the fur out of the comb with each pass , so not super fast , but it works.Cat does n't seem to mind it too much . She 's not crazy about it , but she does n't run away in terror !! I guess she thinks it 's a bit like petting her.I would recommend it , but you will have to use it regularly to have any real effect on keeping the shedding noticeably minimized . You ca n't just use it for a few minutes every few months , and of course , you use it the most in the spring when they start to shed their winter coat . It takes off handfuls then !!! Shocking really . I do it outside on the porch when it 's that bad . What I do n't manage to collect for the trash , the wind takes care of .
 I purchased the FURminator deShedding Tool to use on my two cats . One has short hair , the other long hair . I mainly bought this for the long haired cat because her fur gets tangled and matted . The FURminator works so well , it pulls up a lot of the loose fur . The cats do n't like it , but they tolerate it -LRB- but they also do not like regular cat brushes either -RRB- . Yes , you do get fur ALL over you and the floor , but honestly it 's worth it . Just change your clothes and vacuum up the cat fur off the floor.This is more expensive than a tradition cat brush but it works so much better . Definitely worth the investment !
 Look at the sheer number of 5 star reviews on this product ... it does what it says.First time I used it I got about half a five gallon bucket full of undercoat and hair that otherwise would have been shed ... and that 's only because I stopped after a few minutes.My relationship with my cat has increased dramatically after I started using this , we are both much happier . I use it about once a week and it has virtually eliminated shed hair in my house . Trust the reviews , this is well worth the money .
 This Furminator removes far more hair than I ever took off of my two cats by using a brush . Each of my two medium-hair furballs reacts a little differently to different brushing methods with the tool . One prefers a slower brushing speed ; the other seems to prefer a faster speed . Removing hair from the comb is a snap and I 'm glad I did n't splurge for the version with the ` automatic hair removal ' option . I thought about buying the wider version just to get the job done more quickly , but I 'm glad I did n't . Because the tool does `` pull '' at the hair -LRB- the same friction you see with _ any _ brush or de-furring tool -RRB- a little bit , I believe the wider furminator would have been too difficult to pull through the fur on smaller animals . Plus , the smaller comb on this tool allows for deftly using it around joints and around sensitive parts like chins and bellies . The wider comb would have just been too big to maneuver it around on our average sized cats . No , the comb does n't cut skin or cause bleeding . I have to be smart in how hard I press down ... after all , the blunted comb teeth do make contact with the skin . Rather , the comb 's V-shaped teeth are simply designed to grab and hold hair . I 've been able to improve my brushing technique by holding the comb at about a 45 degree angle to the fur rather than a straight-up-and-down 90 degree angle . Held in a 45 degree fashion , the metal comb slides through more fur and makes less contact with skin , which my furballs seems to appreciate . I do n't use any other brush or comb now that I have this thing .
 The Furminator arrived last night . My cats are already in love with it ! So am I. Handfuls of fur came off , filling a huge bag . The cats could n't get enough , my only problem was getting them to stand still . They kept walking back and forth , `` get this part , now THIS part ! '' . We are in a major heatwave and they look so much more comfortable . Their coats are all silky and smooth . The handle made it easy to use . I will have to hide it so they do n't try to use it themselves . A + to the inventor !
 I bought this product for my rabbit on recommendation from my vet . It took off more excess fur than I ever thought possible -- far more than I ever would have accomplished with my regular comb and brush . I no longer have to deal with rabbit fur going everywhere and I can hold my bunny without ending up coated with fur . It 's definitely worth every penny !
 This sucker really strips the over-fur off the little beasts . Use it gently , follow up with a slicker brush to remove loose excess and one can gather enough preshedding fur to stuff a pillow .
 I purchased this brush because we got a cute white kitten who grew to be a huge longhaired cat . This brush works great I could n't believe all the hair that came off the cat . Do n't waste money on any other this brush is well worth it .
 Just wanted to join in the feedback about this de-shedding tool . It works great ! Comes with a plastic protector for the teeth -LRB- the teeth are not guaranteed against breaking as stated on the instruction sheet -RRB- . Just do n't overstroke/overcomb your pets with this -LRB- you could give them brush burns/sore areas , etc. -RRB- . Make sure your pets do n't have sores and this thing does the job . I have three cats and one of them loves this comb . The other could take it or leave it and the other thinks it 's evil . I comb them a bit at a time , twice a day for now , just to reduce the shedding on the microfiber sofa . Please do n't think you can entirely strip your pet of any and all undercoat - that is n't possible and that would be kind of painful for the pet ! It does help a lot on the shedding around the house . I did try to catch all the fur as I was combing the first time I used it but it really is easier just to comb the cats -LRB- no dogs here , sorry -RRB- on the rug and vacuum later . The tool definitely has a bit of heft . Yes , it 's overpriced , just like most pet products , but this should last several years .
 I HAVE A SHORT HAIRED CAT . I HAD HAIR EVERYWHERE IN MY HOME . I ORDERED A FURMINATOR A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO . I WAS HOPING IT WOULD BE HELPFUL IN GETTING RID OF SOME OF HER EXCESS HAIR ; BUT , I WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZED AT HOW WELL THIS LITTLE PIECE OF EQUIPMENT WORKS . AT FIRST SHE ONLY LET ME GET A FEW COMBS WITH IT ; BUT , AFTER A VERY SHORT TIME , SHE WOULD GET ON MY LAP AND WAIT FOR ME TO BRING OUT . SHE LOVES IT NOW AND THERE IS MUCH MUCH LESS HAIR FLYING AROUND OUR HOUSE . I HAVE RECOMMENDED THIS PRODUCT TO EVERYBODY I KNOW WHO OWNS A CAT.MARYANN FROM MAINE
 FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for CatsI can not BELIEVE how great this comb is . It gets more hair off my short hair cat than I thought possible . You 'll never need another one . Easy to clean too . My cat loves it . I am allergic to my cat and combing her daily has helped me a lot !
 Recently I moved with my 2 cats into my boyfriend 's house . He had never owned a cat before and I was a little worried about cat hair bothering him . I also was afraid that later he might want me to get rid of my cats after experiencing all the darn cat hair on furniture and clothing . After talking to a friend of mine at work about this issue she told me about the FURminator and I thought I 'd give it a try.Anyways , I am amazed by how well this tool works and how much loose hair it removes from your pet . It really does prevent most of the shedding that I had experienced in the past with my cats . I always assumed that pet hair in your home was a given if you wanted to be a pet owner ... now I know it can be well controlled and practically eliminated with the FURminator.The cats enjoy being groomed with this tool as well and it 's a great way to bond with them more . It leaves their coat feeling very soft and silky.I also enjoy not having any -LRB- or hardly any -RRB- cat hair on my clothing after petting or holding them .
 The Furminator Cat Tool hair groomer/remover does an excellent job of removing cat hair with just a few gentle strokes .
 Buy this . Just buy it . It seems expensive , especially if you are attracted by the $ 4 brushes at the pet shop . But this thing is the BEST . It gets all the fur out and you will save money on lint removers anyway . Buy it .
 My cats line up to be `` furminated '' It works very well , it gets out fur that the other combs or brushes do n't usually get out . It is a little pricey , for a cat comb , but it really does the job and I would recommend it for your kitties !
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM WHILE I WAS SHOPPING FOR AN AUTOMATIC CAT FEEDER . IT WASSHOWCASED AT THE BOTTOM OF THE AD . I HAVE TWO CATS , ONE WITH SHORT FUR AND ONEWITH VERY LONG FUR . IT WORKS VERY WELL ON BOTH OF THEM . IT REALLY GETS RID OF ALL THETHICK UNDERLAYMENT OF FUR THAT OFTEN MAKES THEM SICK . THE SEEM TO BE VERY HAPPYWITH THE RESULTS .
 The furminator does a far better job of removing our cat 's shedding hair than an ordinary brush . The cat also seems to enjoy being groomed .
 It is far mightier than a brush or a comb . Our cat has long hair and lots of it . The Furminator goes right through and removes all kinds of old hair and stuff . I could n't believe how much came out the first several times we used it . And the cat actually enjoys being Furminated .
 This tool is great to use weekly to help with shedding . My cat does n't particularly like it , but it works great !
 After many many recommendations that I try out the Furminator on our cat , I finally picked it up on Black Friday.When I opened it up I was a little concerned by looking at the blades that I was going to end up shaving my cat . I was also worried about it possibly getting caught in her coat and causing her pain , but I read the instructions and decided to give it a shot.I sat on the floor with her and let her come to me for `` petting '' . She has always liked her brush and I found out quickly that she liked this also . It really surprised me that although I was pulling this blade through her coat , it was n't cutting her hair . When I looked at the blade , it contained only the very fine undercoat . We have found she can take about 3-4 minutes of this before she wants to play and it becomes impossible to continue . Now that we have moved into winter , she is shedding much less anyways , so the true test will come next summer.Overall with the many RAVE reviews that this product has I am willing to believe that it does a good job , but I will come back in a couple months to update my review if necessary.UPDATE 6/23/09 - Summer is upon us and the Furminator has become part of our daily routine . My daughter will `` brush '' kitty in the morning and I will brush her in the evening . The amount of hair we are removing is much less , but we both still remove a small handful each time . As for kitty she still enjoys -LRB- tolerates -RRB- it for up to 5-6 minutes now . She sheds much less and everyone is happier .
 This grooming tool is great ! We have 2 Tonkinese kitties and the furminator works very well on their really short hair . I keep them groomed daily with a rubber slicker type brush . I only use the furminator 2-3 times a week , which works out nicely , taking care of the excess undercoat . If I used it more often , seems like dandruff became a problem . We also have another short haired kitty , with a bit longer hair and the furminator works great on her coat as well . All of the cats go nuts over being fuminated ! They LOVE it ! I liked it so much I bought one for my parents cat .
 This tool is amazing , miraculous , really ... I have a long haired tuxedo kitty with a thick undercoat that defied all forms of brushes , combs , de-shedding rakes , etc. . And she was getting bad hairballs no matter what I did ... at the end of my rope , I bought the Furminator ... it was amazing ! It got off all the undercoat without touching her topcoat ... when we got done , like the pets in the ads , she was surrounded by PILES of fur that I had gotten off of her ... she even looks like she had lost WEIGHT ! We just touch her up with it every week now and it keeps her de-shedded ... and needless to say , her hairballs are no longer a problem . This is a must-have for long-haired cats ... I can only imagine what it would do with a persian or himalayan ! And the big one is great on dogs ...
 This cat brush is the most incredible brush on the face of the earth . Seriously . I removed an immense amount of fur from my cat in very little time . In fact , it was as if I had brushed out a second cat . The Furminator also cuts down on shedding , which means less cat hair in my coffee mug . Three cheers for this magical brush !
 I have two cats , both short-haired , but one has an amazing amount of hair that gets matted all of the time . I just got my furminator in the mail and wow , it 's awesome . It 's gentle enough that she 'll tolerate it for about 5 minutes , which is long enough to remove A LOT of hair . I am hoping that within a few weeks , the mats will stop forming and I wo n't have to pick up clumps of hair off the floor -LRB- except when I am furminating -RRB- . It 's harder to see such a difference with my other cat who has a very thin coat , but he enjoyed being furminated nonetheless . Totally worth the cost .
 This thing works really well . REALLY well . You wo n't believe how much fur it takes off .
 I did a lot of research before spending $ 35 on this cat tool from PetSmart . I could have gotten it cheaper online but I did n't want to wait ... I have a long hair himalayan cat who does n't like to be brushed . We took her outside and were astounded how much hair kept coming off . Usually , she only gives me 5 minutes of brushing til she is totally annoyed ... this time , I got tired after 20 minutes and it was still eliminating gobs of hair . I ca n't believe it ... I love this thing !!!
 ALTHOUGH THIS WORKS EXTREMELY WELL , YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL ABOUT HOW YOU COMB YOUR CAT.DON ` T COMB IN ONE PLACE FOR VERY LONG-KEEP MOVING AROUND - BECAUSE IT WILL START TAKING LAYERS OF SKIN OFF.DON ` T PRESS DOWN VERY MUCH AS YOU COMB AND HAVE A BAG READY FOR ALL THE HAIR .
 When I began Furminating , so much hair was coming off of my cat that I thought maybe I could make one of those hairless cats like you see in pictures ; all skin . After an hour of Furminating I had a large pile of hair , enough to fill an average size moving box . The cat looked alright , and was in fact writhing in ecstasy from the Furmination . Feeling encouraged , I thought , `` This Furminator rocks . I 'll have a hairless cat in no time ! '' So I Furminated more , filling up box after box with hair . It is now late evening , and after eight hours of straight Furminating , I have six moving boxes full of hair . However , the cat still looks exactly the same , with the same amount of hair on her as before the Furmination . I am pretty disappointed and do n't understand how this is possible . I believe the fault is with the cat however , rather than with this product , so I gave it five stars .
 My cat is an outdoors cat and he is extremely old . During the last couple of years , I have noticed that his coat has been getting more and more matted despite brushing him . I had even tried to shave part of his matted coat off but that totally freaked him out so I left him alone . I decided to get this brush even though I doubted that it would work for matted coat but miraculously it worked !!! I did n't really had to pull hard on his coat . Most of the matted hair came right off . There are few clumped of matted hair left but I figured if we use this brush daily , what 's left of it will come out eventually . I love this brush and highly recommend it .
 We were desperate to reduce the cat hair in the house and Chlorine -LRB- rescued from a swimming pool 8 years ago -RRB- HATED the metal comb . A friend recommended the Furminator so I went to a pet shop to buy one ... $ 50 ! The groomer in the pet store quietly suggested that I check online prices before I purchased it . God bless her ... $ 20 through Amazon ! This tool is amazing in the amount of hair it removes . Chlorine even feels different , softer . And , even though she 's a little cranky , she tolerates the Furminator for quite a while before she 's had enough . I definitely see a difference in the amount of cat hair in the house ; a great purchase .
 My cat used to hate getting brushed . Now being furminated is her very favorite thing , maybe even more than food . It also gets out tons of fur -- actually , that may be the only problem , it is easy to get carried away and leave kitty with ugly patches of noticably thinned hair . She does n't seem to mind , though .
 This product works very well . Our cats seem to do a lot of shedding , and this has helped to decrease the loose hair floating around .
 I have a Siamese cat who sheds more than he 's supposed to . This is the first product that has actually worked . After one use , his shedding was remarkably less . He does n't really like being brushed , but he tolerated this better than I thought he would , he was just done after about 15 minutes -LRB- it was still collecting hair -RRB- I filled up 1/3 of the garbage can with cat hair after brushing him . It was very gentle on his skin , and his coat was brighter and softer when I was finished .
 Bought because vet had one and wanted too much for it . Got a great price here and the cats LOVE it !! Ca n't get them to sit still for anything else but grooming time . Works wonders and pulls out the old dead hair that they shed everywhere . Might want to groom on newspaper or hard floor , not carpet , as this will definitely get alot of hair off them . Best grooming product I 've found .
 I was a little worried this product would only work well for long-haired cats , but this has worked very well on my short-haired cats . One of our cats in particular sheds everywhere , and I was impressed with the amount of fur that the FURminator got out of his coat . It got at least twice as much as a regular cat brush , plus his coat looked much sleeker afterward . He did n't mind the brush any more than a regular brush , but our other cat did not seem to enjoy it quite as much - he was much more interested in trying to bite it . Luckily the cat that likes it sheds the most , so this has significantly reduced the amount of cat hair on our furniture . My only suggestion is that if your cat does n't seem to like the brush , do n't force it because when they 're squirming away the metal tines could hurt them .
 I have 3 wonderful cats in a small apartment . Fur ! I was vacuuming and dusting my furniture every day , sometimes twice . Who has time for that ? I was desperate!I ordered this product , hoping for some relief , and was delighted to find it REALLY works . -LRB- I 've never stopped to review a product before , but this one is worth it . -RRB- I 'm cleaning much more like a normal person now . I could n't be happier . Also , all 3 kitties purr when I comb them . The know they look `` pretty '' and they get the attention they crave . A win-win for all . Try it . You wo n't be sorry.Wendy - Hawaii
 I love the FURminator ! It really combs out the shedding fur and my cat loves it when we use it . It costs more than other pet combs/brushes , but is worth it .
 Our 2 cats love to have their chins worked with the Furminator . The tool works well , it does n't pull and seems to get to the under-fur out . The coat shines and they cats do n't lick their fur as much , maybe fewer hairballs !
 This works very well for getting excess fur off of the cat and cutting down on the fur all over the house ... just be careful that you do n't press too hard or go over the same area too many times because it will irritate your cats skin !
 My sister in law told me about this product and she uses it on her furniture and rugs . I have 5 cats and use it on my cats . They absolutely love it and all come running and jockeying for position when I take it out of the drawer . It really does help to remove fur and reduce shedding ... and it 's great that cats love it !!!
 this deshedding brush really works great!very nice , especially when you have two cats that sheds a lot !!
 I have tried several different brushes for my Maine Coon cat Misty . She growls , hisses and makes it very difficult for me to groom her . I have been using the Furminator for 2 weeks . She has stopped giving me a difficult time and seems to enjoy being groomed . My furniture and rugs look much better since there is no longer fur all over them . I highly recommend the Furminator.FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Cats
 I was able to remove more fur from my Siamese cat in five minutes with the Furminator than I was in a typical 20 minute session with the comb our vet recommended . Everyone with pets is getting this from me for Xmas this year .
 Other than the fact that this brush cost way more than it should , the product is wonderful ! This is by far the best cat brush I have ever used , and I 've tried a lot of different brushes and combs over the last 28 years . It really takes the hair out ! I do n't get a handful of hair when I pet him now . And he did n't seem to mind it as much as other brushes I 've used . Be sure to use it someplace where you can clean up the hair easily because it really flies . I love it !
 Just get it . It 's amazing . I 've got five cats , two with long hair , and have tried lots of combs and brushes , of which this is the best ever -- and miles better than the next-best . Stop buying other ones ! All the ones you will not buy will pay for this one , and you will be done!You simply will not believe how much hair it pulls off , and that with very gentle use . Teeth are sharp but so close together I do n't think you could hurt a very furry cat -LRB- it will fill with hair before it could possibly bite the skin -RRB- . I will be careful on my new , very sleek little Siamese-y kitten -LRB- who has so little hair he feels noticably warmer to the touch than most cats ! -RRB- . I 'll be ordering another one for my sister -LRB- two cats -RRB- , and a larger one for myself for the two Big Guy cats I 've got , just to make it go faster.I would give this six stars if I could ; five just seems stingy .
 I have four short haired cats and lint brushes laying on every counter . I have tried many different cat brushes and this is by far the best . I had just brushed them with a `` regular '' cat brush when the FURminator arrived . I then brushed them again with the FURminator and filled a small garbage bag with fur . Caution ... use this carefully since you can remove a lot of fur . After brushing them I realized that I had removed a lot of the underfur and all that was left was top fur . I would not use this brush daily and with a little less enthusiasm .
 This is THE best !! I have 2 long haired cats and a golden . I tried it mostly on the cats and CA N'T believe the hair I got off them -LRB- and I groom them almost daily -RRB- . They were taking turns for it to be used on them . I have the larger one ordered for Riley -LRB- the golden -RRB- , and I think he 'll really get in to it also . AMAZING ...
 this product works as advertied . have to be careful of the cat 's skin but does a great job . no more than once a week required . keeps hair in comb so it does n't blow all over the place like some other hair brushes.gud pdt !!!
 For some reason I knew that this would work , and it did . It stripped off clouds and clouds of cat fur from a cat that usually hates to be brushed . One note though , it is helpful to do this outside because if you do it inside you will have hair everywhere ! Especially if you have carpet . Be forewarned .
 This FURminator is AMAZING ! Our short hair tabby cat sheds like CRAZY , and this tool really works to remove the loose undercoat , where the shedding is mainly from . Honestly , we could build another cat with the hair we get off of him every time we use it . And that 's hair that is NOT on our furniture or clothes -LRB- or in a hairball on the floor ! -RRB- ; o -RRB- So if you have tried everything else , and you can still pet your cat and get a handful of hair -- definitely try this !
 Our cat , a Maine Coon Mix , usually hates being groomed with ordinary implements , but if I wave the Furminator in front of him , he comes running . The secret is to also have a warm , damp washcloth/rag available to wipe him first , then to make short passes with the Furminator . I swear that he 's thinking that he 's back with Mom when I use this technique.Another tip
 This tool is absolutely fantastic ! Two years ago I adopted a cat from our local shelter . He has a lovely , sleek top coat but an unruly undercoat . When shedding season came around , I tried everything to help him manage his obviously itchy and uncomfortable coat . I used soft bristle and hard bristle cat brushes , my brush , a human comb and my hands/finger nails ... all to no avail . I could not penetrate that sleek top coat to get to his unmanageable undercoat.This tool is the ONLY thing that worked to help manage his undercoat shedding . Yes , the price can be a deterrent , but let me tell you - it is WELL worth it ! If you have an animal with a sleek top coat and unruly undercoat , get this product ! I simply can not believe how much fur this thing removes ... it 's astounding ! I brushed him for five minutes this morning and had several full handfuls of fur.A noteworthy tidbit
 My kitty is very sweet and affectionate and she loves to be gently combed with this product . It has reduced her shedding significantly . You just have to be sure not to rake your kitty with this tool because that could hurt them . I recommend this product !
 I have comments similar to those posted for the small Furminator -LRB- the one not specifically marketed for cats -RRB- . It took off a fair amount of under-fur , my cat enjoyed the process , and there 's significantly less shedding so far . My cat 's coat is also softer , shinier and sleeker now .
 Recommended by my veterinarian , I 'm using the Furminator for cats on both my long and short-haired cats . It removes volumes of fur and my cats clearly prefer it over the traditional style brush . The only thing is that it is n't clear how frequently it can be used . My long hair cat needs almost daily grooming but I could n't find anything in the instructions about frequency of use .
 Bought it at the pet store for 35 $ a while ago which I thought was outrageous but was desperate ... and ca n't believe :1 . how much cleaner my floors are -LRB- I have multiple pets -RRB- ,2 . the money I 've saved vacuum cleaner bags and matching filters3 . I do n't step on disgusting surprises anymore and the amount of time the tube of hairball laxative is lasting and4 . BEST OF ALL
 With four active inside cats and one that 's inside/outside , we have fur-bunnies all over the house all the time . In desperation , I ordered the Furminator and I am tickled pink ! One little guy is still nervous about it , but the others love it . One in particular has an extremely dense short-hair coat , and he gets excited when he sees the Furminator . He leans into it , turns around so I can groom the other side , rolls over , hops up to bat the excess fur around , and just purrs and purrs . He 's shedding less when I pet him . Living in south Louisiana , the heat can become overwhelming , so I was happy to realize how much thinner the coats feel when I 'm done without looking too thin . In fact , with triple digit heat indexes for the last few days , the cats have been sleeping a lot . That is , until they were Furminated . Now they 're playing like kittens on the first cool day of the year !
 With a large dog and several cats in the household , we have tried manyshedding tools with a modicum amount of success , however , the Furminatortops them all by several degrees . Have recommended this product to allour friends who have animals .
 I bought this from QVC and paid double the price several months ago . This is the only grooming tool that my cat does not think is a toy he can play with . I gave up using his regular brush to groom him , because it was too much of a fight to make him behave . When I got this before he totally loved it ... . laid there and purred while I brushed him . My problem was I brushed him too much in the same place so that he ended up with a bald spot . I promptly returned it to QVC . When I saw this here ... . I remembered how he liked it before ... . took a chance and bought it from Amazon . Both he and I are happy ... and I am remembering not to brush him in the same place too much so he does n't get bald again .
 Honest you think how much fur could be on a little cat ... Then as you brush her you think ... will my cat have any fur left on her ! This brush is wonderful ! It is very easy to use and you can almost create another cat out of the fur that comes off . : -RRB-
 I suffer from allergies and my cats suffer from hairballs , so frequent grooming is a must . I used a slicker brush on them previously which they tolerated well but which did n't remove very much hair very quickly . The Furminator was touted as the best brush on the market for heavy-duty hair removal , and after using it I believe that it lives up to its reputation in that regard . This thing definitely pulls out gobs and gobs of cat hair with every stroke . I had my doubts , but it really works.However the Furminator is not perfect . It has a cute name and works well , but is still unfairly overpriced in my opinion . I also found the thick rubber handle very heavy , which is a bit tiring . My cats are not very fond of it . It 's much harsher and heavier on the cat than most brushes , pulls through the hair with more effort , and generally makes my cats head for the hills after a few minutes . However , I 'm willing to pay that price for less hairballs and allergies , so I 'd still recommend the Furminator .
 This is a great product . It removes the loose fur and undercoat from my cats . But do n't go overboard for fall/winter if your cat is an outdoor cat . This product REALLY works !
 I have a 5 month old short haired tabby who does n't like being brushed that much . He does n't love the FURminator , but he does n't hate it either . Regardless , I LOVE the FURminator . I was using a brush and a fine comb , but this is so much easier and works great ! I have talked 2 of my friends into getting one too !
 I love this ! I brought it home after vets and used it on my dog . I was able to create two more dogs from the hair I brushed off . No bald spots and pretty gentle too . Do n't use hard pressure or it can hurt them . Then I tryed it on my cat . Which has great fur a beaver like pelt . I still got a lot of hair and the coat was even and not bald in area 's . This reduces shedding and fluffs them up . I took it to my neighbor that had a calico with long fur and it fluffed her out and made her look less grease/nappy . This is one that will make you throw out all you old useless brushes .
 I have two long haired Maine Coon cats . Shedding had been a problem all summer . It took 3 days of combing each day to take out all the loose hair on the cats -LRB- piles of it -RRB- . Since then I just comb them once a week and have not had any hair around the house .
 My cat has long hair and a really thick coat . In the past , no matter how often I would brush her , she would keep shedding ... ALOT ! Now , I just brush her once every week -LRB- because she LOVES it -RRB- and there is no shedding . The amount of hair I get off her each time is Unbelievable ! It actually takes the hair from underneath , getting rid of dander and old hair . It was the best investment ever and I 've already recommended it to all my friends , who then went and purchased it !
 We have a long-haired cat -LRB- Tony -RRB- who tends to eat too much of his own fur when grooming , leading to the inevitable furball upchucks at 3:00 AM . This brush really works to get out the underlying loose cat hair -LRB- undercoat -RRB- and keep him healthier . He also learned to enjoy our daily grooming sessions , which was an unexpected bonus . We 've used the same product in a larger size on our dog . The day after a bath she can shed enough to stuff a mattress . This brush helps to get all that off of her and keep it out of the house .
 I never knew this much hair could come off of my cats ... great product !!
 While it may be overpriced , you will be amazed . We have two domestic shorthairs , and they 're really starting to shed now that the days are getting longer . I 've used this tool on both of them for about 10 minutes a piece and I 've had great sucess.I was using the wire brush on them , but never seemed to get anywhere even if I brushed them daily with it . You do have to be gentle , because it 's easy to rake their skin once you remove the dense undercoat . If you 're not careful this could lead to your cat disliking the FURminator.You should n't pay more than $ 20 for this with shipping included . Use ebay like I did to save yourself some money !
 12 out of my 13 cats love it , alhtough it 's a bit expensive -LRB- $ 49.00 in canada -RRB- it 's worth every penny , i 've bought different brushes before but none worked this well . my cats really enjoy being brush and their fur is now soft and shiny , they would sit on my lap and purring away . as all my cats are strays and ferals in the process of being tamed , it 's a great bonding tool . highly recommended ...
 It does work ... My cats shed less . They do n't like it alot though when I use it on them . Maybe because I do n't know exactly how to use it yet ... but it works really good . Like magic ... Really fun actually seeing so much fur come out.It is little heavy compared to a brush or a comb so it takes some getting used to it but the size is great and the price is good .
 As summer gets near , my house -LRB- and my clothes ! -RRB- are covered in cat hair . I love my cat , but I do n't need copies of him all over my furniture . I bought a cheap brush locally just to have one . It was all plastic and barely removed any hair at all . I decided to spend the extra money and get the FURminator . It was worth every penny.With a single 5 minute brushing session , I was able to remove about 3 handfuls of fur . And my cat was very content the entire time . He actually grabbed at the brush when I tried to put it down . I was very impressed at how well it removed the extra fur.The construction of the brush is very sturdy . It feels like it will last a very long time . It almost looks like the top of a set of clippers . Sturdy metal edge .
 My two Cats love the FURminator , it removes an incredible amount of hair ! Their coats look healthier and it has cut down on the number of hairballs as well . I get less hair all over the house and on my clothes . I wholly recommend this product to any cat lovers out there
 Purchased March 08 - for 2 cats , short-hairedPositives
 Works great ! My cat purrs when I 'm brushing her and ca n't get enough . Make sure you brush somewhere easy to sweep or vacuum up afterwards .
 We have 4 cats . Two have long hair and the other 2 have short hair . They all love this tool and will appear at my husband 's side whenever he picks it up . The amount of fur that it pulls off of them is amazing !
 Although my cat -LRB- a Maine Coon Cat with silken fur that reaches to the ground -RRB- does not yet see the benefit of this new ordeal , I do . Since she has fur that floats in the breeze of a ceiling fan or an a/c vent I assume that a `` normal '' pet with `` normal '' fur would enjoy lightening the load . This is a strong , well-constructed item that should last a lifetime , even possibly handed down from generation to generation . Definitely a great investment !
 Wow ! This thing is awesome ! It got an unbelievable amount of hair even off our short-haired cat . They love being brushed but everything else I tried with them was ineffectual at removing hair . This thing does the trick and it will be a great help to remove the fur instead of vacuuming it off of everything when they shed it . I even thought of getting this as a gift for my pet loving friends .
 Great overall product ! The pictures are not an exaggeration . Passed it off to friends , neighbors & co-workers who have pets . Buddy with super hairy dog also gave it raving reviews.The only complaint I have is a personal one , the cat I bought it for HATES being brushed . But my other cat -LRB- who 's a short hair and DOES N'T mat -RRB- LOVES it . I 'm gon na try the Kong ZoomGroom for the cat who hates being brushed and see if I can work him into this product.Again , amazing and worth every penny , though I paid too much at a retail store and am kicking myself for the price difference on here , literally $ 20 difference . BUY IT !
 This is the best cat grooming tool ... ever ! And since my cat is used to being combed , he had no problem at all getting used to it . In fact , he purred even louder and longer while being groomed with the FURminator ! I only wish I had known about this sooner . Get one ... and tell all your friends with pets to get one , too !
 The FURminator is one of the best investments we 've ever made regarding grooming our pets . I purchased this after using it at an animal shelter I volunteer for . I was impressed with the FURminator when I used it and the shelter staff raved about it . We have several short hair cats , and this product works very well for their grooming needs . It works quickly and efficiently to pull out the extra fur and stimulate the skin underneath . Our cats enjoy it when we brush them with the FURminator . We also purchased the FURminator for dogs , as we have a couple of Shih Tzus who need daily brushing to prevent matting . They have the dense , wiry , thick coats that can get matted close to the skin , and the dog version of this product works like a champ to keep their coats smooth and tangle-free when used on a daily basis . As to the quality of the product , the FURminator appears to be well-constructed and durable , and is easy to hold and use .
 Well , I was skeptical of this thing . Mostly , I was n't sure if my cat would actually like it . She loves it . She just stretches out and purrs while I get to work . This thing really does get a lot of fur out . I 'm pleased and I guess my cat is , too .
 Our cat ca n't get enough of this tool . First I brushed him with a similiar , but perhaps not as fine toothed tool , till the hair seemed to stop coming out . Then I went over him again with this FURminator and got even more out ! Now when my cat sees it in my hand , he comes running over for a brushing !
 This item exceeded my expectations . It is gentle -LRB- no tugging -RRB- ... I have a Persian who mats easily ... It is extremely effective . I just love it and highly recommend it .
 This tool is every bit as effective as pictures and comments claim . I just got it as a gift from a friend today who had raved about it , and while I was skeptical -LRB- even though she worked at a Doggy Day Care that swore by the product -RRB- , she was completely right . I tried it on my short hair cat for 10 minutes and got what would take days to accumulate with another brush . I have bought several other products to aid with shedding that had plastic bristles , metal bristles , and none come remotely close to this . Great product -- buy with confidence !!
 It does remove a lot of hair , but I do have to pull it off the comb every time I run it through my cats hair making it a very tedious motion .
 My cat loves when I brush him with this . He is a short haired cat . I have also noticed that he is shedding a lot less and he does not scratch himself as much . He seems to be a lot more comfortable in the hot weather since I started to use this tool regularly . I have already recommended it to friends with short haired cats .
 This is by far the most effective pet brush we have ever owned . We were incredulous when a friend gave us a raving review of the FURminator . We took a chance because Amazon offered it at a very good price . Boy , were we amazed during the first use ! This thing just clears out excess fur with barely any efforts required . And our cats apparently love the sensation , which makes it even easier . If you need to comb/brush your pet , look no further than this product .
 This product is wonderful . It is so much better than a regular brush for removing hair . My cat is like the peanuts ' charactor Pig Pen , just touch her and hair is everywhere , the Furminator has helped a great deal . Buying it on Amazon.com saved me $ 15 compared to the price if I bought it at the local department store .
 Item works as advertised . Being the small tool , it removes a small amount of hair each time , but it does seem to work very well . The cat tolerates it too .
 The Furminator delivers on its promise to get at the fur fast ! Our two cats now have better looking coats , thanks to the effective job the tool does for removing unwanted hair . I would highly recommend it .
 I 've always used a Zoom Groom on my cats , but I recently bought the FURminator for our newly rescued shorthair that has an unusually thick undercoat . After using the Zoom Groom on her , I used the FURminator and found that it removed even more fur than the Zoom Groom . Use of either tool is best when followed by a flea comb to help gather up the loose fur to prevent furballs when the cats groom themselves . I gave the FURminator 4 stars because all our cats prefer the Zoom Groom to the FURminator , even though I am very mindful and gentle when using the FURminator .
 Okay , I recently got a long haired cat -LRB- Norwegian Forest -RRB- I already had a short hair so shedding was minimal . But with the new cat boyyy what a LOT fur all over the place ! We brushed and brushed him but still major shedding . I researched and found this ! I did n't even do a good job with him the first time because he moves a lot , he really gets into people petting him so it was hard to get him really good . When we rub him you would just have a nice glob of fur in your hand ... but not after the 1st try with the Furminator !!! The second time was just as good and i even attacked my short hair too ! Great great item !
 The FURminator for cats works really well for my long-haired siberian !!! I only have to use this once every few days and voila , no more fur on the couch ! Make sure you use it in a place that 's easy to clean -LRB- i.e. anywhere that 's tiled with no upholstery -RRB- because it does n't `` hold '' a lot of hair that it 's removed , so you have to constantly remove the hair from the tool . But it really works wonders !
 There 's a reason that 848 reviewers gave this 4.5 stars -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- . That 's a huge endorsement on Amazon , 800 + . The reason is this thing really works.I use it on my three short hair cats . Short hairs do n't need it ? Out of the box , in three swipes , you will be taken aback at a -RRB- how much a short hair cat needs it , and b -RRB- how effective this tool is . I suspect you 'll be taken aback in three swipes no matter what your cat 's hair style -LRB- used to have Persians -RRB- . I highly recommend this.The few vaguely negative comments I read here have less to do with the efficacy of the comb and more to do with individual cats not liking being combed . For goodness sake , those cats probably do n't want to be touched by anything , so please stop conflating one fussy cat 's personality with product efficacy . I have three cats , one absolutely loves the Furminator and seeks it out , the second is indifferent and lets me comb her without moving , the third totally hates it - but the third hates ANY comb , so what does that tell you ? And BTW , Mr I-Love-It and Mr I-Hate-It are same litter brothers.A great product . If you have a cat you care about , this is worth the gamble to see if he/she will let you use it . It 's worth it even if you just have a vacuum cleaner you care about .
 I could n't believe how much hair came off of my medium hair cat after using this product . When possible , you should use this outdoors or be prepared to clean-up after use . Wear clothes that you do n't intend on wearing afer .
 I had first purchased this to groom a long-haired cat with matted fur and learned it was no good for de-matting . I did find it was great for removing pet hair from upholstered furniture , however , so that was its main purpose until yesterday when we adopted a Siamese-mix kitty . She probably had n't been brushed in years and was shedding so badly that I had to change clothes three times in one day because I was so covered in cat hair . I got out the FURminator and started stroking her gently with it . I ca n't believe how much dead hair it removed . It is very easy to let the tool bite too deeply into the coat and the kitty does n't like that , but as long as I kept a gentle touch along the top of the hair , she thought she was being petted and I got out plenty of loose fur . After just the first session , yielding two sizeable handfulls of hair , her coat went from feeling coarse to nice and soft.As badly as she needed care , I think it will probably take many daily FURminator sessions to get all of the loose hair , but there is a remarkable difference already . One note , I did see the video the company puts out and they were using the tool far more aggressively than I would recommend . In my situation , at least , the key is being gentle and not letting it bite so deeply into the coat that you feel a resistance when pulling it . This may involve more brushing sessions , but it wo n't upset the animal and will make things easier in the long run . For the animal that does not like brushing , I ca n't see where they would like this any better than a regular brush , but for the animal that will tolerate it , it really does a great job .
 Everyone else raved about how their cat purred and loved the brush . Mine will only tolerate being ` raked ' by it for a little bit until they turn their head to snap at the brush.On the other hand , it works tremendously well . Their coats are cleaner looking and that says a lot since they are both 100 % white short/medium haired boys.Word to the wise , brush the tails the most . We 've discovered that 's where the most loose hair is , and when left unbrushed , it floats around the house easily .
 As most of the other reviews have said , this is a really great tool that helps get rid of some of the extra fur on your cat . My cat did n't like it at first , but now she really enjoys it . I would recommend that when you introduce this to your cat , you give it some treats after the grooming session so that they develop a positive attitude toward it.The only thing I would mention is that it is difficult to really get a lot of fur off the sides of the cat , where the cat is softer , rather than the top of the cat where its backbone provides a good solid basis the pull the brush against . Regardless , just getting some of the fur off the top of the cat has still helped cut down on shedding .
 I just received my furminator and in one brushing I 've been able to take off more hair then ever before . I love this brush , it will make my life 100 % easier.This brush is amazing . You will not be dissatisfied .
 I have 2 short hair cats that still shed like crazy , once I used the Furminator , all the loose hair that falls when they prance about no longer happens . What a great invention ... I highly recommend this product to anyone who owns a cat .
 A little messy , use outside if possible . My vacuum does n't clog up anymore because of all the fur on the furniture .
 I could do this all day on my black cat & it will still remove hair ! great product
 I have two cats - one short haired and the other has long , very fine hair . The Furminator works like a charm on the short haired kitty and she loves it . The long haired kitty has very fine hair that tangles easily . I found that the furminator does n't cause tangles . It 's the only grooming tool I 've used that did n't cause tangles on that kitty . I ca n't say she loves it , but she does tolerate a few minutes at a time . I have friends who use this tool too and they all love it . I recommend it .
 I have two short hair cats , the female , Harlow , is not the best at grooming herself and ended up with matting in quite a few places . After cutting out the mats I realized it was all the under coat that was matting so I did a search for pet brushes here on Amazon and the Furminator came up . Their website has some pretty good videos on it , furminator.com.I got it in the mail today , I could hardly wait to try it ! It worked wonders on my cats . My male cat , Parker , is very finicky about his appearance , I swear he walks back and forth in front of the mirror admiring himself when I 'm not home ! Both cats LOVE getting furminated ! Parker will go find his catnip pillow after I have brushed him and just go crazy with it . I did get more fur from Harlow , her overall fur is thicker than his.I do live in an apartment , so the backyard option is not available to me , but if it is for you I highly recommend it , fur will be everywhere , but it 's worth it . And nothing that a vacuum and a good shower wo n't take care of!This purple one is a very nice size for cats or small dogs.Don ' t hesitate , it is pricey but it works wonders and your pets will love it .
 This is the best money I 've ever spent on my spoiled , very loved cat . Her coat looked significantly better in less than a week . She had such a thick , dull undercoat she looked uncomfortable , now her fur is sleek and shiny . She actually comes to me whenever I get out the tool to groom her . I ca n't figure out how it works so well without pulling her fur , but it does and she seems to really like it .
 I bought this about two months ago for my two cats . I ca n't describe how amazing the Furminator is ! I spend a lot of time brushing my cats and hardly ever get any hair off my short haired cat . With the Furminator , I could not believe how much dead hair he had hiding underneath . My other cat , a semi-long-hair , looks like she 's lost 10lbs . You can swipe the brush once and it will be full . I had to brush her outside in the yard because the amount of hair is absolutely unbelievable.I 've brushed my dog and loaned the Furminator out to several of my friends . I 'm a firm believer in this brush . The only draw back is that it loosens up so much hair that before you 're done , you need to run a flea brush over them a few times just to pick up the straggling hairs , and that 's not a big deal.I absolutely recommend it . You 'll be amazed the first time .
 This is the best cat brush/comb I 've ever used ! It was recommended by our veterinarian , and I 'm so glad I found it much cheaper through Amazon . I just purchased another Furminator for my parents ' dogs . I highly recommend it for any pet owner !
 I just purchased the furminator a few days ago but already the difference is amazing . You can actually pet my cat now without tons of hair floating around . Keep in mind that I actually brushed her every day before buying the furminator , but still had to contend with a lot of cat hair being left all over the house .
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT FOR A FRIEND , WHILE ORDERING THE 4 '' BRUSH FOR MY 210 POUND FLUFFY MASTIFF . MY FRIEND HAD PURCHASED A DESHEDDING TOOL FROM WAL * MART , BUT FELT THE ACTUAL FURM MIGHT MAKE A DIFFERENCE . SHE IS ECSTATIC ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE IN THE BRUSHES AND LOVES THIS BRUSH ! I LOVE MY 4 '' BRUSH AS WELL . WELL WORTH THE MONEY!AND MUCH CHEAPER TO ORDER THROUGH AMAZON THAN THE PET STORES .
 The Furminator works great on removing all that fine fur from your cat . Not only does it work well on the cat , but also on de-furring your upholstered furniture .
 One of my cats has very silky short-medium length fur that nothing would grab and pull . She was shedding significantly , but I was unable to remove it on my own . The FURminator arrived and I got enough fur out to practically clothe another cat ! The narrow blade makes it easy to be gentle on joints and curves . It does not tug at firmly attached fur or irritate the skin if used gently . She finally is at a point where shedding is minimal . An excellent grooming tool .
 Both of our cats enjoy being Furminated . Our oldest female previously did not enjoy being brushed and therefore had some mats . Now she lies quietly allowing us to comb her through , even turning to do her other side . Our male gets so excited that he can hardly stand still to be combed . He slithers from side to side as if high on catnip . We have used the Furminator a half of dozen times and have accumulated a grocery bag full of fur ! The amazing feature of this product is how well it extracts the undercoat and how much they enjoy being furminated !
 I have a Persian , a short hair , and an angora cat ; ages 3 , 9 , 12 . They all love the feel of the furminator - even though 2 of them only tolerate a routine ordinary brushing . The amount of hair on the carpets and in the dust bunnies has greatly reduced ! We are buying them as gifts to fellow cat owners .
 I just received my FURminator for cats and immediately opened it up and started combing my cat -LRB- black , short hair -RRB- . I had heard that it could get rather hairy so I did it on the linoleum floor for easy clean up . Be prepared it IS messy ! Needless to say I could n't believe the amount of hair I had just combed off . I looked over him to make sure he still had fur left and was n't bald anywhere , sure enough he still had a super silky soft top coat . My cat never really minded being brushed before with other brushes as long as it did n't go on longer than 10 min or so , and he seemed to absolutely love this brush . I would recommend going slow and light around the stomach and tail though . I have used an undercoat rake -LRB- which my cat hated -RRB- and shedding blade before but never saw results like this . I would strongly recommend this product for your pets . I still have yet to see if it will decrease the amount of fur around the house , but I ca n't see how it could n't with the amount of fur I pulled off . Your pet will have the softest and most glossy coat when you 're through .
 This product is just as great if not better than the little product video shows . I have a long haired big ole ' fat cat that sheds when you just touch her it 's horrid . When I used the Furminator on her , it took off so much of her hair -LRB- undercoat -RRB- that she actually looked thinner along with feeling better and not shedding near the amount she did . I highly recommend this Furminator to all long haired cat or small dog owners .
 Whenever I clean my house now , there is a lot less fur everywhere thanks to this product . It 's really nice to have a brush such as this one that not only takes off the fur on the top that needs to be brushed away but takes the stuff underneath that you do n't think needs to be brushed . I love it now that I do n't have to work as hard to clean the place and there 's less fur on the rugs as well which is always nice . Ca n't say enough about this product ! I 'm very amazed at how much it truly does take off .
 I do n't know how it does it but in seconds I can eliminate mats off my big furry lovable kitty ! She does n't mind and even if it pulls just a little , her face is smiling as mats disappear !
 My long-haired persian kitty HATES to be groomed and mats if you look at her funny , but this is the only product that she has purred to -LRB- for a minute at least -RRB- . It definitely removes a lot of hair from her dense undercoat , and has cut down on her shedding . She also has n't had any substantial new mats in the three months that I have been using it -LRB- in addition to daily grooming -RRB- . Note that it ca n't be used until all mats are removed , so its more of a preventative than treatment device if your cat mats easily . Also , make sure you use it in a place that can be cleaned up easily , because you will be coated with clouds of cat fur !
 I have long haired , heavy coated Ragdoll cats . I was a skeptic , but thought I 'd try it . Shazam !! This tool rocks ! I raked out handfulls of undercoat on the first setting . Very , very highly recommended !
 My cat has a very thick coat and often despite the fact that I brush with a mitten , I still see tufts of hair hanging around . Sometimes if there was a knot I used another type of cat brush to get it . I just got the FURminator in the mail today so I ca n't speak for what it will do for my apt cat hair situation weeks ago but I can say how amazing it is right now!My cat has also loved to be brushed so he did n't mind the new tool . He laid down in front of me purring while I used the deshedding tool . It really brought up a lot of hair -LRB- like enough to cover the other kitten I have -RRB- without much of a mess . I tried it on my kitten but he had n't be brushed before , ever so he was n't so sure of it but that is n't to say in the future he wo n't like it.Yes I had a plastic bag ready to pull the hair off and keep going but it was nothing of a mess compared other tools I have used . It was so easy to clean as well . The hair came off the tool extremely fast and easy which makes for easy storage . The mitten I had to store in a bag so that the cat hair I could n't get off would n't hang around.Is it perfect ? No , there is still some hair that is left over on the cat that I could n't get but you will have that with anything . Despite that I would buy it again - it is worth the price.If you have a cat and a hair problem - this product is worth a try for you : -RRB-
 A great idea for a pet brush ! It really works just the the TV ads show . I have a real problem cat & the Furminator has eliminated the problem . I just use it twice a week now . And the cat likes it ! -LRB- as long as the first few srokes are really light -RRB- A nice price also .
 The cats love it ! It 's easy to use . Is great for long or short hair cats .
 Previous good reviews were one reason we purchased the item . And here is one more good review . The FURminator -LRB- for cats -RRB- actually surpassed our expectations . I did n't think they could have that much underfur . You do need to be a little gentle , compared to some other similar products , but that is just common sense . It does not reduce my overall high satisfaction . The price was reasonable , and about $ 10 cheaper from Amazon , plus we got free shipping . All in all , a fine product .
 My sister recommended using a FURminator on my long-haired Maine Coon . After seeing her dog FURminator in action on her two short-haired , but constantly shedding dogs , I thought it would be great for my cat . This tool really does get out a lot of undercoat , but I ca n't say my cat enjoys it as much as his previous brushes . Keep in mind , this is a de-shedding tool and not a brush , so it 's not going to collect the hair for you as it comes out . In fact , depending on the amount of static electricity in your home , you may end up getting an unbelievable amount of hair off of your cat , only to look down and see that it 's all sticking to your shirt . Since my cat does n't particularly enjoy getting de-FURminated , I usually do one or two strokes with it and then wipe it off on the carpet to get out the tufts of hair it 's collected . This way , I end up with all the hair in a pile on the carpet I can easily clean up , and he can tolerate a few strokes at a time . I 've learned how to use it to get the most amount of hair out , but it seems like this model is more suited for shorter-haired cats , even though it 's advertised for both long and short . I bought this in April of 2011 and I see they now have a newer model for long-haired , larger cat breeds so chances are that would be a better fit .
 I am so surprised at how hard both our cats like to be brushed by this thing . They love it , it is almost like catnip ! And of course we love that it picks up so much fur .
 This tool is excellent in helping with pet grooming . It removes hair painlessly and easy from your pet . As much as you brush your pet , this tool removes the loose undercoat hair that a brush does not collect . My cat does not mind being combed with the FURminator .
 Very pleased with this FURminator ... and Cooper likes it too ! He stretches out as far as he can while I am `` combing '' him .
 The tool is great . Kitty just does n't like anybody taking care of his grooming except himself . Problem is he 's getting pretty old and is n't as careful with himself as he used to be . This is truly the best way I 've found to get rid of his excess hair , and that 's pretty important considering his tendencies to upchuck , not to mention those pesky hairballs.I do have to be careful and gentle when using this because my 18-year-old cat is pretty skinny . Healthy enough , just lean and trim . But that means the tool could hurt him when drawing it over his bony areas so , as I said , I have to use it gently , but combing with this gets off more hair in less time than what I used to use , so kitty does n't get as impatient . Pretty much a win-win situation for him and me .
 I 'm not 100 % positive if this slows down shedding . I 'm guessing it does to a point . I used this on a cat that a typical cat brush usually does n't do much on . I got A LOT of fur out . I was so surprised , especially since as I said , a typical brush usually does n't get much fur out . Well ... she liked it at first but eventually got annoyed . I 'm guessing it 's like a human brushing the same spot on their head over and over , eventually it starts to hurt a bit or at least it stops feeling good.The only thing that concerns me is that I wonder exactly WHY all this excess fur is coming out . I say this because the cat I used this on , her spine is now pretty prominent on her back . It feels like there is so much less fur there ... it almost feels like it should n't be so little hair.It did n't seem to hurt her though . . it just feels weird when we pet her back .
 Promotion says this will get the hair so your cat does n't shed . This is not true . That said , it is a good grooming tool , does a good job of getting lots of loose hair and is easy to use .
 U been looking for a product to remove the loose hair from my cats . I finally found one that works . Would recommend it to everyone .
 This brush works great . Removes a ton of cat hair . Just good luck getting your cat to sit still to use it .
 This is the best brush for my little dude . Most brushes he runs away from or seem to hurt him , but he sat and enjoyed this brushing - it got out so much of his undercoat , I was absolutely shocked - I had a pile of hair the size of him by the time I was finished . You have to be careful not to over brush though , if I continued regularly , he 'd be bald in no time .
 I absolutely love this product ! It really helps my long-haired cat not shed so much and her fur does not mat at all -LRB- since I brush her every couple of days -RRB- . At $ 5 how can you go wrong ?!
 My Cat loves it . Every time I use it on him , he would start purring . The good thing about the FuRminator is that , you would save your cat from alot of Hairballs !!
 Quelqu'un m ` avait recommand&eacute; ce produit et vraiment pour le prix , a valait l'achat . Surtout qu'au Canada a se vend trop cher .
 I am sitting here covered in cat hair from head to toe . I just did 2 sessions with my cat , a siamese who is scared to death of her own shadow and HATES to be brushed . I could not believe how much hair came flying out , how fast it came out , and the fact that there is still more where that came from ! I just bought the furminator after borrowing an off brand one with the same structure from a friend . The difference was nothing less than AMAZING !!! I figured I would go for the brand name because there were no off brand ones in the size I needed , I CAN NOT stress how glad I am that I did . The off brand was amazing but this is miraculous ! My cat is so timid she has decided she is not ever going outside , in fact the whole reason I have her is because after I fostered her and her brother and sister from 2 weeks old , she would run in TERROR anytime anyone came to look at her . I was able to place her brother and sister together but how do you give away a cat no one can see ? If I tried to hold her she would freak out so badly she did major damage to both of us . I am trying to give you an idea of how timid she is because she would never let me brush her with anything but the off brand and this one , all other brushes were unacceptable and she would hide under the bed for the rest of the day ! I had given up and was changing my sheets every 2 days because she shed so much ! My boyfriend has stayed at my house maybe 5-6 days over the last two years because he is so allergic . After having to leave her so much I finally I decided that I had enough , so I bought a new vacuum , specialized cat hair tools to go with it , and the furminator . Before I started my dehairing project I wanted to get to the root of the problem and started with the furminator before cleaning , I AM SO GLAD I DID !!! 2 sessions of 5-10 minutes later , I look like a yeti and there is cat hair ALL over my bedroom . Mae Mae freaks out very quickly if held in place for very long so I just followed her all over the room brushing as gently and quickly as I could . The amount of hair I got off her could easily make up 2 other cats ! There is hair EVERYWHERE ! Normally I would not be so pleased but knowing I got all this off at once and can clean it up 1 time rather than the daily fight that I am loosing absolutely THRILLS me ! I am considering going back for a 3rd session , I am enjoying seeing this hair fly off so much I think I could become obsessed ! My only worry is pushing my cat too far and making her run and hide the next time I get out the furminator . This brush is just SO AMAZING , I want to shout it to the rooftops ! My only misgiving is brushing on the cats stomach , I think the edge could hurt if I bring it down at the wrong angle . Other than that , WOW !!!
 Works way better than I expected ! I could n't believe how much fur came off my short haired cat ! This is a must for all pet owners !
 It gets snagged sometimes , and I 'm not sure by how much it reduces shedding , but with how much hair I get off , it seems to make a difference , so I 'm happy .
 This is the best tool for shedding cats and dogs . Do not use heavy pressure when using it . Just let it go along the fur and the weight of the metal will be enough . I wold highly recommend this one .
 This handy little gadget quickly and easily removes the shedding hair from my pet cat . And he does n't mind when I use it on him , which helps a lot .
 This is a great tool for cleaning your lazier cats ! I have a larger cat -LRB- muscular and maybe a little fat -RRB- and he just does n't get his back very well . I noticed he had some dander building up and was shedding like crazy . He was n't crazy about regular cat brushes . He would always bite me when I tried to use them ! When I got this thing , he became my best friend . It was crazy how a normally ornery cat would turn into the LOVIEST cat in the world when I used this on him . Only draw back is now that I have been doing this , he cleans himself less . Does anyone else have this problem ? I would have to &#34; furminate &#34; him several times a week to keep him from shedding so much . I only do it about once a week now and it 's not enough , he still sheds everywhere . But his coat is shiny and clean afterwards for several days !
 My long-haired cat went to the vet for an overnight stay and came back with the best brushed , finest coat ever.I asked what they used to get rid of her matted fur clumps -LRB- previously I used a slicker and had to press too hard -RRB- . The FURminator will literally take TOO MUCH hair off of your dog or cat . Once or twice a week , just pull the metallic tines through your cats fur and remove ALL of the loose hair . This brush is wonderful ... you do n't have to press hard at all , in fact it diminishes the effectiveness.Take it from a lifetime cat lover ... this is a great hair removal tool !
 This ` brush ' is amazing ! it really does count down on the shedding of my cats . You really have to follow the directions , as this is like very short trimmer and only use lightly for full effects -LRB- especially on cats -RRB-
 I use this tool on my cat to periodically remove excessive fur , manage shedding , and prevent hairballs . It works great , and what 's more ... she loves being groomed with it ! : -RRB-
 The cats love this thing . I filled a grocery bag with the fur from my two cats over a brushing session .
 This is a wonderful product ! My cat would shed all the time with a good amount of hair . One thorough session with this easy to use tool thinned out her coat . Not only that , it completely got rid of a couple of hair clumps she developed by her tail . It 's also fun to see the massive clump of hair in my hand at the end ! It 's been months now since I last used this , and I rarely see any more shedding . I can not iterate how amazing this tool is .
 It was a gift for my sister . I had asked her if she would be interested in something like this and she said , `` Not really . '' But when she kept complaining about her two cats shedding too much and leaving her ... returned hairballs as presents , I went ahead and bought it for her anyway . I mean , `` It reduces shedding up to 90 percent , helps eliminate hairballs '' ? I told her that even if it worked only in 50 % as advertised , it would be a major improvement . Why not take care of those cat hairs and hairballs before they end up being a problem?She went from being ambivalent about it -LRB- before she got to use it -RRB- to `` OMG , it 's the most amazing thing ever ! '' and `` Could you buy another one because I lent it to someone with a dog and now they want one , too ! '' It really takes a LOT to make my sister so excited about a product so I believe it works well.By the way , the person who borrowed it never returned it . They either lost it or -LRB- more likely -RRB- they loved it so much they could n't part with it . Which makes them a bad friend , but I guess it 's a testament to how well the thing really works . Enough for people to want to steal it .
 The furminator does an amazing job of removing hair from our cat -LRB- and our neighbor 's dogs -RRB- . But our cat seems to hate it . She likes being combed but hates the furminator . We furminate her every month or so to help remove some of her excess fur -LRB- she is a siberian forest cat and has a lot of hair -RRB- to help her not get furballs.It feels like it must hurt her to be furminated , and I am very gentle and slow while using the brush . It does remove a lot of hair . Our neighbor 's dogs did not mind at all and you could remove an entire dog worth of fur in one sitting .
 This brush works just as it says it will . One of my outdoor cats has thick hair that sheds and gets dirty . We used this brush and got so much hair off of him that his coat is a lot lighter and looks and feels healthier . The cat really enjoyed being brushed with it too , and it did not seem like the brush pulled too much or hurt him in any way . The only thing is that I may have bought the bigger one , because this one is a little small for a big cat .
 JUST LOVE IT.IT WORKS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE REGULAR NORMAL RUN OF THE MILL PET FUR REMOVAL BRUSHES .
 I have had the Furminator for about a year now and do n't know what I ever did without it !! I have five cats , four of them with longer fur and they tend to get matted , especially in the summer . This product is a life saver ! Not only does it remove the undercoat , but with a little patience -LRB- from you and your cat ! -RRB- you can remove mats as well . It 's amazing how much fur you can get out of your cat , even with one swipe of the Furminator ! I highly recommend this for all pet owners !
 No lie -- I opened the Amazon box , grabbed my cat , and removed enough hair to FILL the Amazon box ! This thing works extremely well , the only stipulation being that you need to have a pet who withstands brushing . Also , in the unfortunate instance that your pet has picked up fleas , the Furminator will pick those little guys up , too . It wo n't get rid of them , but you 'll be able to confirm that you do , in fact , have a problem .
 I have used other products to get rid of cat hair on my cat but this is the best thing I have used . After using it once a week for the last to weeks , the ammount of cat hair left on the carpet and furniture has deminished greatly and I believe that will improve as I use it more . I highly approve this product .
 Those ads and videos showing all the hair coming off using the furminator ? They are 100 % correct . My long haired cat use to get really bad knots . I cut those out and furminated the problem areas and have noticed a dramatic decrease in knots . Nice to see a product work as advertised with no marketing spin for once .
 It does what it says , and the hype is accurate . Short hair and long hair cats are both nicely groomed by it , and its easy and painless on them . If you have a cat , especially one with hairball issues , this item is a MUST . THe product goes for $ 35 at all the local stores , so Amazon is good place for it too .
 The FURminator deShedding Tool really works . I had my doubts but it does work.Pro ` sSturdy construction , Easy to use and gets the fur off the cats.Con ` sSeems to make another cat instantly . We already have too many .
 I love the furminator . It does the job providing you can hold the cat down to do the job . I have 3 cats and they all react differently but I find it does cut down on extra hair/fur all over the place .
 I have a Persian cat and , obviously , hair may be a problem at times . I used the FURminator with good results ; I elimintated an impressive quantity of `` dead hairs '' and afterwards , hair seemed to fall less for the next few weeks . The cat was n't crazy about it , but it tolerated it quite well.I do not think one should use the FURminator very often -LRB- not daily , in any case ! -RRB- , so it wo n't replace the cat 's regular brush , but it is an excellent aid to the overall grooming .
 I do n't know how I lived without this before . I just moved into a 3-bedroom house which has tile floors throughout . I started to notice what I call `` kitty tumbleweeds '' all about , which had me vacuuming just about daily . In addition , I was getting cat hair all over the granite counters and in food when I cooked . After doing some research online I was pointed towards the FURminator . Now I 've tried combing my cats before without much luck -LRB- all short-hairs
 I 've got 2 tabbies that hack up their fair share of hairballs each summer -- but not this year ! : -RRB- I just got the FURminator and , already , the one cat that enjoys being scrubbed with a brush has produced a giant pile of excess fur -LRB- where does it all come from ??! -RRB- . I do n't think my other cat will stand for this -LRB- my husband had to hold her and pet her while I tried it on her for a minute or two -RRB- , but it 's worth it to have it work on just one of my cats.I think you 'll have great success with this handy tool if you know your cat well and know s/he will tolerate being brushed with moderate pressure.I love this thing !
 I have always been good about brushing my cat . She loves it , and it helps with the shedding and hairballs . I have used a slicker brush , a bristle brush , a comb and a glove . All work okay , but I still would have a problem with shedding.I just recently got the Furminator brush and you would not believe the amount of fur it got off my cat ! It was enough to make another cat . My cat likes being brushed by it -LRB- with the exception of her tummy -RRB- and it has really cut down on the shedding . There has been NO hair loss from the brush -- only the undercoat comes out.I wish I would have gotten this brush sooner .
 This tool works great ! I have a 3 year old long haired siamese/himalayan mixed cat . The only place it does n't work well on him is under his tummy where his hair is the longest and least manageable . He also ca n't tolerate the combing for more than 5 minutes - seems his skin also gets irritated . He really likes this thing on the top of his head and under his neck . Oh , ca n't get near the hiney either ! Be careful not to brush too much in the same spot - it literally deFURs your animal . I recommend it overall .
 What can I say , this is one of best inventions ever ! The hair comes off our cat . Now all we need is something to collect the hair as you brush/comb . We have noticed less shedding . The stores sell them for about $ 37 and we only paid about $ 25 with shipping . This is well worth the money , thank you for such a wonderful product . My sister in law uses it for her dog and cat and loves it as well . She is the one that recommended it to us .
 This product works like a charm . I have used this on both of my cats and it 's amazing how much fur it removes . My cats do have to be in the mood for this though ; sometimes it seems to bother them , at other times they enjoy it . This product has greatly reduced the amount of fur left on furniture , and it 's made both of my cats ' coats visibly smoother and softer .
 FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for CatsI have 2 black cats both with thick fur . I have tried other products in the past but I can not believe home much hair this removes . I started of with a few brush strokes and slowly worked up to a few minutes . The cats are getting used to the furminator and I am getting used to the fact that there are fewer hairballs and fur balls .
 This tool works great , ca n't use on the cat too often but when you do I swear so much fur comes off it 's like another cat . It works great !
 I have two cats of the same breed but one has very thin hair . Regular brushes do not work with the cat with thin hair so I did some research and found this tool . It works great for removing thin hair . The only drawback is that you have to clean it every couple of strokes but that 's a trade off I can live with .
 This is an amazing product . I have no idea how it works , but it painlessly and effectively removes hair .
 When I saw this on Amazon and saw the picture of fur in mounds I thought ... ` if it does even half of this I 'll be happy ' . But , to my amazement it did take much of the under coat off . Even one of my cats that does n't like to be brushed loves the furminator . Just have to keep her from getting excited and sit still.I told three people about the furminator , they purchased it and love it .
 I have two cats one of which we nicknamed furbomber and she was the motivation for buying the furminator . The furminator works really well but furbomber does not like it ; she really enjoys being brushed by the other brush . Oh well . My other cat loves it and it really works . I did n't realize he had that much excess hair on him since he is not really a shedder -LSB- at least by comparison -RSB- .
 We 've got two large dogs -LRB- Golden & Lab -RRB- and a cat.We purchased the dog version last year . We liked it so well we gave one as a gift as well . We liked the first one so well that we purchased this one for our cat . It too works very well . I highly reccomend both products .
 This tool removes more loose undercoat than any other brush or comb on the market today . It 's unbelievable ! Keeps your pet well groomed and all that hair off furniture and floors !
 I could make another cat with all of the fur the furminator pulls off my cats . I have to take them outside to ` furminate ' bc it makes such a mess but the cats have fewer hair balls and there are fewer cat fur dust bunnies floating around the house .
 I have a cat with longer hair and I could not find a brush that would work on her . Finally I came across the Furminator deshedding tool . LOVE IT ! It is the best brush ever , dont waist time on those other brushes . I also have a short haired cat and it works on him too !
 I assumed this would be a great help for my cat who has a dense undercoat , but I was really surprised at how well it worked on my sleeker cat . The first few minutes were like using any brush , but then all the undercoat starting coming out and I could n't imagine where all that hair was coming from ! It was pretty shocking ! I think this is a great little tool if you can get your cats to sit still for it -LRB- mine can only tolerate a little while , which is better than the no tolerance they have for regular brushes -RRB- .
 Amazing ! The first few days of using the tool produced a cantalope size ball of hair from two cats . They were skeptical at first but soon learned to love the raking of their fur and they even push each other aside to get to be the one that 's getting `` brushed '' . There is a lot less loose hair flying around this house . I 've told several of my cat loving friends about it and they too love the result .
 This tool does a very good job of removing pet hair . I wish I would have bought the larger size as I have a larger cat and the bigger tool would cover more area . I only drawback to the tool is the hair does not accumulate on comb very well but sloughs off onto the floor so you have to grab the gobs with your free hand as they collect on the comb or let them fall on the floor and pick up them up afterwards . But it does remove loose hair as advertised .
 I never knew my cat had that much fur . I have n't figured out how it works so well . I too have problems with him letting me brush him . I have to do little by little . But sometimes he is in the mood for brushing and just lets me brush away . I would definitely recommend this product .
 But the cat will only let me use it for a minute or two at a time .
 It 's amazing how much hair comes off her ! She definately feels softer and smoother after a combing session and she enjoys it . Not sure if it 's cut down on hairballs though because she still eats hair off the floor -LRB- yes , of the human variety - yuck ! am I the only one with a cat like this ?? -RRB- .
 Great product as i rescently found out my son is allergic to our cats it helps cut down on all the fur flying around ...
 Product was as advertised.Good Price.Would buy from again.No problems.Great transaction .
 I have a small short haired cat and there 's STILL enormous amounts of hair all over the place ! Sometimes I 'll catch giant tumbleweeds of fur if a wind passes through the house ... SO I decided that I need some type of grooming tool for my cat to tame the gray hairs always flying all over the place -LRB- including in my mouth and face when I kiss him or hug him -RRB- . This product is truly fabulous . I 've seen SO much hair come off of him that we thought he lost some weight but he just kinda lost another half a cat because of all the hair that came off ! There 's no hair around the house -LRB- or in my mouth and face -RRB- & he enjoys being brushed because it 's like he 's getting his back scratched . I 've had my cat over 1 year and I wish I knew about the FURminator when he was a kitten ! Highly recommend this product to EVERYONE with a cat .
 I had a cheap brush before this that would only grab the loose hairs on top of my cat , and did n't do anything for his mass shedding . The FURminator on the other hand got way down into those under-layers . My cat barely sheds when pet now and looks and feels softer.The only negative effect that I 've come across is sometimes when I 'm brushing him we build up static energy . There 's been a couple little blue sparks . Luckily my cat is tolerate and does n't mind .
 I use the Furminator for my 2 cats and it is wonderful , less hair flying around the house ... I have purchased a few and have given them to my friends , who also love it ... The cats enjoy it too ... Thank you
 This item is at a great price when compared to their own website . Works as advertised , cat loves it and you end up with less dander/allergens and it does remove as much fur as stated .
 Got this as a gift for my mom , who has 2 long hair cats . One of the cats has very thick hair , and within 5 minutes with this brush I had a handful of cat hair the size of a big kitten . The cat does n't like getting brushed much so she wo n't tolerate it for long - this brush get a lot done in a short period of time .
 After having several episodes of hairballs with my cat , I decided to give this a try . My cat really enjoys when I use it on her . Since shes only 7 pounds , I comb through her hair very lightly and its amazing how much fur comes out . Highly recommend this product !
 Hands down the best cat brush I 've ever used . My Stepdad recommended I try it after he had such great success on our elderly Labrador . It worked just as well on my cats - after the first time using it on my two girls , I had two enormous piles of hair , pretty much the same size as the cats . It seems to pull up a lot of the undercoat , which makes it ideal for Spring & Summer . And since we live in LA , where most of the older homes do n't have AC , keeping the kitties cool is a priority . Each time we 've used it since then , we still pull up a lot of hair , but that first time was by far the most astounding . It 's especially helpful on my longer haired kitty.One word of advice - be gentle as you 're using it - the edge is more firm/sharp than your run of the mill cat brush , so your kitty might be turned off if you push too hard . Just go easy and make long steady strokes !
 Excellent Product . . the best cat brush I 've ever used , works exactly as advertised . The price of the product is almost half that of the retail price . Fast shipping.FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Cats
 I am a pet groomer and we sell a `` Furminator Package '' ... It sells itself ! We leave a furminator comb near the front check in so we can do a demo . When offering the `` furminator package '' -LRB- which includes the Furminator Shampoo and Conditioner ; the conditioner leaves you with hands covered in undercoat as you massage it in , its great stuff ! -RRB- we walk up to the dog and take just one brush stroke with the comb and the amount of undercoat it gets makes the clients excited . Once they get the package , they are repeat customers and repeatedly ask for the service . Reports of clients are off the charts with so much less hair.Bonus
 Like everyone else posting a review here , I am getting great results with this little tool ! I have noticed less shedding in the house - hooray ! The first time I used it , I removed so much fur from Crash that I was sure he would have bald patches . Not so - just a lot of extra fur in his undercoat I could n't see . He 's leash-trained , so we 've incorporated combings into our walking routine and he seriously seems to love it . I definitely second those reviewers who advise using this tool outside - whole bird colonies have created nests from the fur flying off this tool ! Note that Amazon is offering a great price on this item as compared to local retail stores and vet offices .
 I bought two of these , this one for my cat and a larger one for my dog . The cat I must say is not wild about it , but tolerates it briefly . You ca n't rake them as hard though as the video says . They wo n't like it and it can cause rake burn or sores . It works great though & does help out with shedding some of the hair and cuts down on the hair balls . Also use it on some of my friends shorter haired dogs . I bought it here because the vet wanted MUCH MORE MONEY for it !
 I was told by a friend that I should look in to the Furminator because I have a 6 cat household and keeping up with all that cat fur is a daily battle . To my surprise the first time I used this product on my cats I noticed less fur left around on the furniture the following week . Seems as though the loose undercoat that the Furminator removes is what is holding put the fur that has already shed from the kitties . Now that the loose undercoat has been removed their fur sits so nicely and shiny on their body . My husband says they are so smooth and like new cats ! Not only that , when I take out the Furminator to groom about once every other week all the kitties line up for their turn . This product has been a true pleasant surprise and I would highly recommend it .
 It works fantastice on my long hair tuxedo . I get lots of hair even if done everyday . I 'd say I use the furminator 2X - 3X per week and get about a paper lunch bag full of hair each time . She 's very soft and happy afterwords . Be sure to get the refills when the blade gets dull.Furminator is only about $ 13 at Walmart ... if you have patience and can tolerate the whole Walmart experience . Otherwise , buy it online . It 's worth it .
 It is very easy to use and my kitties love it , especially before they have nap . They will sit there still while I shedding them , like to enjoy a spa.I put flea medicine on them every month but caught a couple of bugs by the comb . So it can not only shed the hair but also help to catch flea.I feel like it is a must have for cat owner .
 Since my cat does n't have long hair I honestly did n't think I 'd see the results this product promotes ... but boy was I wrong !! I was amazed to see all the excess fur this little device removed . Not only does the FURminator work , I got a fantastic deal purchasing it on Amazon -LRB- less than half the $ 39.00 I would have spent at Petsmart -RRB- . Do read and follow product directions as I can see how the combing blade could hurt tender skin . Another thing you might want to consider prior to ordering a FURminator is whether or not your cat likes to be brushed or combed . My cat loves to be groomed so I 'm sure this adds to the ease of using this product .
 The hair on one of our cats is very thick and furry at the base . The FURminator really gets that hair out . It does n't hurt the cat or even pull painfully . If your cat has this kind of hair then this is the perfect product .
 I LOVE this product ! I was skeptical of the price but after using for 2 weeks I 'm totally sold on it . It works GREAT for my Maine Coon who had hairballs weekly . I tried everything to get her some relief - combing , hairball laxatives - NOTHING has helped her like this . I 'm amazed at the amount of fur it pulls off her . However it 's important to follow the directions and do it gently so it wo n't irritate the cat 's skin . It also works on my shorthaired cat but the results are not as dramatic .
 Wow does this thing ever work ! All you have to do is brush very lightly and piles of undercoat come out . Amazing .
 My Furminator just arrived and I could n't be happier with it . Beware , this product makes cats multiply . The first time I used it the ball of fur I got was bigger than the cat itself . My cat 's coat was also noticeably softer . Great buy .
 I usually dont write reviews , but I do read them . I was super skeptical about this extremley pricey tool for my cat . I watched the YouTube videos and all . But I figured I would give it a shot . This joker really works . I am not sure how it works but it does . We were ready to get rid of our cat , his hair was everywhere . But this has really done the trick . I use it every other day on him and we are happy with it !
 It does what it says . If your cat is not losing much excess fur from this , you must be lightly combing over the very surface of the hair . The first time I used this , I was amazed . I like it better than the Shed 'N Blade because the clouds of hair are a bit easier to control , and I think it works deeper than the Shed 'N Blade . I do recommend having a good slicker brush on hand as well . For cats , be sure the slicker brush is one that 's designed for cats . I have broken cats ' whiskers with the FURminator , so you do have to be a bit careful . Static and flying hair always happen with this kind of effective grooming , but smoothing a dryer sheet over the cat 's coat helps a little . All in all , do n't get rid of your grooming tools , but add this one to your arsenal .
 I was having a tough time keeping up with all the cat hair flying around my house and this tool has really helped . Granted my cat does n't really like it -LRB- he 's not very touchy feely to begin with -RRB- but all it takes is a few minutes every other day to dramatically decrease my issue . I just wish it was a little wider -LRB- but I could have looked at the specs more closely before buying -RRB-
 I 've been using the FURminator for about a week now , and I ca n't believe how much fur I 've taken off of my cats . Maybe I 'll take up spinning and make some yarn . The brush leaves the long guard hairs intact and loosens the downy undercoat nicely without pulling or causing pain . My only complaint with the product is that it does n't collect much of the hair ; you have to do that mostly by hand . A lot of it ends up stuck to my hands and clothing , on the couch , and in my nose . But that 's better than stepping on a soggy hairball .
 Recently rec 'd the FURminator -- got both sizes , large for dogs , small for cats . I use the small one all the time . Love it . Nothing better for fine cat hair . Will say non of my cats are very happy to get brushed , but they ALL love not having to groom so much . I see less hairball vomit , and they actually seem happier -LRB- the furminator is doing all their grooming work , so they have more time to be cats -RRB- and healthier . The dog version is great too , but I found my dogs do n't have much of an under coat -LRB- both terrier x 's -RRB- so the furminator just sticks to their guard hairs . If I had a dog with an undercoat , though , I 'd be singing praises . Good product . Beware , however , replacement blades are expensive !
 Probably did n't need to cost as much as it did . It does work . Not to the extent you may see in some of the review pictures , but I 'm definitely picking less fur off the floor after petting my short hair cat . She has n't had any fur balls recently which is a major plus . She is a bit skiddish already , so usually combing is very brief - usually the amount of time she can scarf down a treat I bribed her with .
 THIS IS THE GREATEST ! This product is absolutely wonderful . My cat hardly sheds at all anymore since I brush her with this . In fact I have recommended this brush to my friends who love them and I have purchased two for gifts . If you have a shedding pet , this is for you !
 It works great !! Now how do I get one of my three cats to let me use it?The other two love it !
 This is an excellent tool ! We were constantly battling mats with our long-haired cat , and now we 've won . The best part is that he loves to be brushed with this . As another reviewer said , be prepared for the amount of hair that will result from using this , but also be prepared for a smoother , softer , happier cat .
 This is one nice brush , and the Cat even seems to enjoy us using it . Very well made and works wonderfully . Was a leap of faith that it would be work the money , but I am glad I jumped .
 I have not used the Furminator , however , I do have a `` furbuster '' that I purchased from Walmart for $ 13.00 that is identical . It really removes the hair on animals . It works better though on my shorthair cat/dog than on my long haired cats . But their coats are all silky smooth after use !
 takes off a good amount of hair from my cats . I use it once a week to reduce the amount of shedding around the house .
 We have used every kind of brush & comb on the market for our 2 cats . One is long hair & one is short hair . They resist them all and none has been satisfactory . The FURminator is the best ! And they are more willing to let us keep them groomed ! Highly recommend !
 Wow - a product that does what it claims to do - - what a NOVEL concept!I 've had cats for years and I 've tried many brushes and combs to control the shedding . I admit I was skeptical about the claims , but decided to give it a try . The amount of hair I removed from my cats was unbelievable . I can now pet them without raising a cloud of loose hair ! I highly recommend this product . Even if you have a short-hair cat that does n't shed too much , you 'll still be surprised the first time you brush them .
 Truly unbelievable how much hair this thing gets off . We have a gray tiger stripe tabby cat and she looks like she 's lost 5 pounds . And seems a lot more comfortable in the summer heat too . This brush gets down to the undercoat - you can tell immediately it 's getting different hair . Highly recommended to any furball owner !
 What a great item . Here is something that says it works miracles and then ACTUALLY WORKS MIRACLES . Ok , perhaps that 's a tad strong . The truth is , the Furminator works wonderfully . I 've owned cats for 20 + years and had many many cat brushes and NONE of them can even come close to the Furminator for effectiveness . Get one of these , throw out the cheapies and you 'll never have cat hair again !
 The FURminator works as advertised . It does n't pull the hair or irritate the skin . It 's so gentle that even my temperamental Siamese cat does n't mind being groomed with this tool . I highly recommend this product .
 The furminator is without a doubt the best cat brush I have ever used . It works very well , much better than standard cat brushes or static mittens or any of that stuff . However , please do n't buy this thing expecting that your cat will miraculously stop shedding . It just does n't happen . It took me about 10 days of daily brushing -LRB- multiple times when possible -RRB- to get my cats to the point where they were `` clean '' . The first few days get them used to the feeling and give you time to find the right angle and stroke so your cat does n't yowl and turn and bite you , or run away from home because it thinks you are given to torture . Not that this happened with my cats , but you never know ... Anyway , after the trial period , it is much easier to get at them because they are used to the metal and in some cases they even learn to love it . Once you have thoroughly `` de-shedded ? '' your cat , once or twice a week maintenance is all that 's required . Great product !
 Three of my cats love it , they look great and the other three wo n't let me near them with it . If your cat will let you use it , they will shed less , look smooth and enjoy the interaction . Great product and so much less money on Amazon .
 I have three rescued short hair cats -LRB- tuxedo , Siamese , gray diluted torti -RRB- and even though I vacuum every day , I always seemed to have little furballs along the edges of my hardwood floors . Once I got the cats deshedded with the furminator , I vacuumed my floors again and now the furballs do n't seem to be accumulating like they used to.The furminator is much more effective than other deshedding tools I 've tried . The furminator is easy to use and my Siamese cat -LRB- who is afraid of everything -RRB- surprisingly was n't afraid of the furminator . I made sure she was comfortably relaxing on my bed , let her sniff it , and then I began to gently stroke her fur with it while I spoke to her softly , telling her she was getting a massage and praising her for being so good . I piled all the hair into one place on the bed , which I easily removed later.My other two cats I worked on whenever they jumped into my lap as I was watching TV on the couch . Again I spoke to them gently and praised them while I worked . I also would scratch them under the neck while I gently held onto their collar as I worked . A couple of times I tried to deshed them as they were lying on the floor , but they did n't like it , so I stopped and waited until they got back into my lap.I am totally amazed at how much better my cats look ! Their coats are soft , shiny , and feel like silk . It is hot here in Florida , so I 'm sure they feel a lot more comfortable than they did before . I can pick my cats up without being covered in cat hair and my furniture can now stay clean so people can sit down without getting cat hair on them . A little bit of time spent with the furminator makes your cats look and feel better , with the added bonus of helping cut back on housework .
 Nothing compares . I have a medium-haired cat I almost shaved because daily grooming with other combs was n't enough to slow the shedding and furballs . I 've never seen so much fur removed in one pass -- truly remarkable . Her coat looks and feels great , and shedding has been reduced a lot.I was mindful of the other reviews , and very gentle , and she loves it . My other cat -- who has a short glossy coat and does n't need this tool -- gets jealous . I wind up getting a lot of undercoat from him , too , and you 'd never know he had it .
 I used the Furminator on our two Mini Longhair Dachshunds and the two Persian cats . It definitely removed more hair than any other brush or comb that I 've ever used . The teeth were somewhat sharp so I was very careful and combed gently . I could see where using it in one spot over and over could leave a bald spot on the animal . It is a deshedding tool and not an ordinary brush or comb . I used it carefully and none of the pets seemed to mind it , at least for a while.I 'm not sure I 'll use this a lot in the wintertime when the pets need their warm coats because it does remove a lot of fur , probably much of their undercoat . But it 's great in the summer with the hot weather here in that it really thins down their coats . They all look pretty much the same , it 's not noticeable that they 've been combed by just looking at them , but I can certainly feel it when petting them . The photos posted by some owners here are definitely representative of the amount of fur removed . I had the same size pile in about 3 or 4 minutes . Be sure to use it somewhere that is easy to vacuum afterward . Fur seems to fly everywhere and the comb ca n't hold much.The Furminator saves on having to vacuum the carpets every other day this time of year . I can go several days now . We have off white carpeting and one of the cats and one of the dogs is black so I never get by too long . I think that this product removes both old fur and new , but it 's hard to tell . It just removes a lot . It 'll be nice when giving them a bath not to end up with so much hair in the sink and they 'll probably dry faster .
 It does an excellent job of removing excess hair and I loaned it to my son-in-law to use on his Maine Coon and he loves it , too.Edie Eader
 Not only does an unbelievable job removing piles of hair from a single cat , but , if used carefully , can remove the cat hair from clothing when you 're done with the cat .
 It really combs out the hair but you have to be careful and not comb out all of your pets hair !
 Seems to remove lots of hair fast , but does not really work on clumps or mats.If your cat sits still long enough , you 're in business .
 I bought one of these for my cats , and after that , I lost track of how many I 've given as gifts and/or talked about . This tool is incredible . I brushed my cats every night ; however , when the FURminator arrived , the first time I used it I ended up with handsful of that fine downy underhair you do n't even realize is there . I 'd recommend it without reservation . Also bought the doggie version for my son 's dog with the same rave review from him .
 I had been looking to purchase a FURminator DeShedding Tool for my three cats for a long time . But the cost was holding me back . I had seen it advertised on TV and heard it was a great product . After checking around I found my vet was asking $ 35.00 , the stores were advertising them at $ 29.95 and other places were selling them somewhere in-between . Finally one day I came across the Flea dr. web site and was absolutely shocked . I found the very same Furminator as I had seen elsewhere for only $ 12.95 !! I ordered it , received it in record time , and was pleasantly surprised at the fast , courteous attention I received . I am completely satisfied with the product and can not believe how much hair I got off of my cats the first few days I used it . My cats love to have me comb them now and the amount of hair they left behind on chairs and `` everywhere '' is now almost entirely gone . I ca n't say enough about the Flea dr. and their service , products and dependability .
 If your cat tolerates combing , it will LOVE this ! Mine both purr when they see it , and throughout combing !!! This tool is awesome . I use it once a week and there is very little cat hair to clean up anymore . I have one long hair and one short hair ... and this works great on both . It is messy when you comb them though , so do it in a place you can clean the hair up off of ! ;--RRB- Great price here on Amazon too ... other places sell this one for $ 50 ! Yikes !
 I love cats , but I have a bit of an allergy to them . To keep my allergy down I use anti-dander serum on my kitty and give him a good brushing . This comb does an excellent job ! Hair really does come out in clumps ! And as a result my cat hardly sheds ! I 'm lucky though , my kitty really likes to be groomed so the process is very easy for me . He loves the attention and even runs to me when I get out his comb . However , I 'm leaving out 1 star because this product works a little * too * well . I gave my kitty a good grooming session yesterday but later I noticed I had brushed too much in the same spot and he had a bald spot ! Eeek ! So beware of that - do n't groom too much in one area ! My kitty is a short haired so do n't brush too much with this comb . Otherwise this is an excellent product !
 Before the FURminator , my cat always had dandruff flakes in her fur . Brushing would get rid of some but not all of it . After using the FURminator , the dandruff flakes are gone ! While brushing her with the FURminator , I noticed that the brush would really get at her undercoat . And , when I was done , I had a wad of fur about the size of a tennis ball ! For that reason , I do n't recommend the FURminator for daily use . I recommend it for weekly or monthly usage in addition to regular brushing . I 've also noticed that her furball puking has gone way down .
 If you have a long-haired cat , I say order this product ! A fellow teacher told me about the furminator during lunch . She had skeptically bought one to use on her labrador and was blown away by how well it worked , especially on getting to his undercoat . I cut my lunch short , went to my classroom , and immediately ordered one for my cat . I can not say enough about how well this works ! My long-haired , white , rescue kitty has hair like an angora rabbit ... it sticks to everything ! And no matter how I try , she is always battling hairballs . I can not believe how much hair this has removed from her . She is `` half the cat '' she was ! Which brings me to the trash bag . After using the furminator the first time , I was sooo covered in hair it was unbelievable ! The second time I used it I took a large -LRB- 32-gal -RRB- trash bag , cut neck and arm holes in it , and slipped it over my head . Now I just shake out the trash bag -LRB- her hair even sticks to it ! -RRB- , fold it up and put it away until the next time . A word of warning to owners who have cats who do n't like to be brushed/combed
 The Furminator is pretty amazing . My short-hair orange cat , who sheds like crazy , loves getting brushed and took to the Furnminator very quickly . I can get a ton of hair off of him in no time , though most of it seems to come from the softer hair below the top coat . I sometimes follow up with the Love Glove grooming mitt , as it does a good job of getting the coarser hair on the surface . The end result is a very smooth and shiny coat and a super happy and hairball-free cat . It also cuts down on the hair floating around my house . I definitely recommend the Furminator .
 This got an amazing amount of fur off of my one long hair and two short hair cats . It was worth every penny ! Tip
 I have 3 cats and the furminator does a great job of getting rid of excess hair . They still shed , but it is less than before . Also , there have been fewer problems with hairballs .
 I was reluctant to buy this brush , but let me tell how well it works . You would not believe the amount of hair that I have gotten off of both my cats . The only reason it gets 4 stars is that it is way over priced .
 It 's basically a comb with cutting edges between the teeth . Great item if you use it regularily - * REGULARILY * is key - on double-coated -LRB- long or short hair -RRB- cats.NOT good -LRB- at all ! -RRB- for single-coat long hair cats .
 Very pleased with the Furminator . Could n't believe all the hair I got out of my cats . And to think that went into the carpet before ! I use it very day . I have bought another one for my daughter and will buy one for my son . Even my cats loved being brushed .
 This product does what it says . It removed fur very well from my two cats but they really hate when I brush them with it . I am not sure if it is just too rough on them or if it is pulling out their hair . Either way , this thing does work very well if they would only let me use it on them more . I would , and have , recommend this product .
 I read the reviews before purchasing . Still there was a doubt that it could be that good . Will it is ! Highly recommend . Even my cat now enjoys it !!
 I 've tried many grooming tools over the years and have always been disappointed with the results . Yes , the furminator is just a clipper blade attached to a handle but so what , it works ! I purchased a similar product several months ago that did n't . My cat loves it and each time I groom her I get enough hair to make a new cat . I 've also noticed that there 's a lot less shedding .
 My cat LOVES this and it absolutely gets more hair out than you would imagine . I know I could get more , but after a while he starts wanting to play with it rather than be brushed . Definitely worth the investment , though .
 I have a Himalayan kitty which means puffs of hair everywhere during shed season -LRB- s -RRB- . The furminator removed an `` entire kitty '' worth of undercoat ! With all of the heat in Florida I do believe that my kitty is very appreciative of the removal . It is so easy to use . Just comb the areas that have a furry undercoat and it does the rest . I still have a total puffball but she does not shed huge amounts of white fur every where now .
 I have two Himalayan cats with fur about two to three inches long . This Furminator took out the undercoat with all the dander and made their top coats silky . It 's a bit heavy and may be a little tough on the cat but if you use a light hand , they will actually enjoy being combed .
 As countless reviews have already pointed out , it 's amazing how well the furminator works . I 've stopped bothering with other grooming tools and now recommend this to friends and family .
 We have two cats . Both are neutered males . One -LRB- four years old -RRB- is long haired and the other -LRB- three years -RRB- is short . Both are profuse shedders and the long-hair gives rise to numerous messy hairballs . Well , what 're we gon na do ? We 're always cleaning up after them and have tried a variety of combs and small rakes . My wife saw a TV commercial about the Furminator and she just had to try it out of desperation . We purchased it at a local pet store , and it was way overpriced.This deshedding tool is just astonishingly effective . With the first use , it was almost hard to believe the amount of hair that this thing can remove from a cat ! We almost filled a waste basket with cat hair from the two cats ! We laughed and laughed at the sight . I still ca n't believe it ! I 've never seen anything so effective . Did the cats struggle ? Not a bit . In fact they both seemed to enjoy it and they came back for stroke after stroke.Finding this Furminator was a stroke of good luck . Hopefully , the hairball problem will now be lessened and the amount of loose cat fur around the house will be greatly diminished . It was expensive , but well worth it!Gary Peterson
 Compared to my old brush , this one 's a charm . It definitely gets much more hair out . It 's a little harder to use compared to a cheaper brush because it reguires -- to be optimum -- two hands . This may be because I have a somewhat fat cat and I need one hand to spread the skin out because of the fat folds -LRB- lol -RRB- . Good product overall .
 We love , love , LOVE this brush ! It does a fantastic job of brushing out the heavy , ever shedding of the undercoat of our domestic shorthair & medium hair cats ! The cats enjoy being brushed , too . You do need to be cautious about using this brush as it is very sharp and if not careful around the shoulder bones you could possibly harm the cat 's sensitive skin.But it 's very easy to use otherwise . In fact , my mother-in-law was so impressed that she took the one we had !!
 If my daughter is happy , I am happy . She has been wanting this product for a couple of years . Gemma will like it also .
 I was so thrilled when my vet showed me one of these at her office , but for $ 60 I turned to amazon . I am so glad I did . I got it for a great price and it is the only brush my cat likes . Really keeps the matted hair away .
 Works well , however , I feel like I might be hurting my cat because it looks like it pulls out hair ? I guess just use this gingerly and there should be no problems .
 There is not much I can say about the FURminator that the other reviews have n't already , it is awesome ! Once you get the hang of using it -LRB- i.e. the best angle to hold it at , and the right amount of pressure -RRB- you will be able to get an insane amount of fur off your cat . After two or three brushing sessions I had actually collected a ball of fur about the same size as my cat , which otherwise would have ended up scattered around the house . This is an amazing product for the price -LRB- and is much cheaper here than in pet stores -RRB- . An absolute must-buy for any cat owner !
 I think this tool works well for removing that undercoat that cats constantly shed . My cat , however , is not so sure it is a good idea . She prefers just a fine-toothed comb .
 Every cat will want to have the Furminator on his or her Christmas List!It is most effective in fine grooming . Very easy to use and provides the cat with a pleasing experience . It is well worth the price . My cat has exceptionally long hair and so hair balls and matting could be a problem - but no longer.Amazon shipped the product in record time .
 I had heard great things about this on various `` pet '' message boards , so when I saw the low price for this on Amazon , decided to give it a try . Wow ! I could n't believe how much fur was combed out of my two short-haired cats . I was so impressed , I ordered one for each of my daughters , one of whom has two long-haired cats . A few weeks later , while visiting , their cats looked half their size and they told me they got so much fur off , they could have made another cat from it . While I do n't think I would pay $ 40 + for it , at Amazon 's low price , definately worth every penny .
 I had purchased of couple of deshedding tools for my cat but neither was effective . Then I borrowed a friend 's furminator that she uses on her chihuahua . It worked great . So I went to Amazon and purchased one with the same size edge which is most important . I could not be happier and my cat is happy as well . I still have some floating cat hair but 98 % less than I had before .
 Work very well . My cats have different length fur , and this productg works well on all of them . would recommend this product to anyone who wants to get rid of fur .
 We bought this when our cats were still pretty new to us . They were n't too keen on the idea of being cuddly with my wife and I yet but they were getting there . We bought the furminator and after a few strokes with it the cats took a very quick liking to us and to the comb . When we bring it out both cats get excited and fight over who 's turn it is to be furminated ! Great product .
 This is the best product I have found for de-shedding my long haired cat . He even seems to enjoy the process
 After all these years and a fortune on brushes , along comes the FURminator !! I ca n't say enough about this product . Happened on it while searching on Amazon one day and decided to look into it further . Reviews were great and when I decided it was time to try it , the price was $ 15.59 !!! The same product was $ 49.99 at the pet stores so I ordered it immediately . It arrived when they said it would -LRB- free shipping -RRB- and we could n't get it out of the package fast enough . We immediately started to brush our cat , and what we saw was amazing . After 10 minutes of this , we agreed the product is better than we could ever hope for . Our cat loves it , but the best thing is he wo n't suffer with hairballs anymore . Do n't hesitate , order it , this is even better than they say it is !!! Today I am going to collect all the products I purchased for hair removal and throw them in the trash !! Thanks FURminator !!!
 We bought this tool in preparation for adopting a new cat . After bringing home a cat who had been a stray with a fairly bad case of fleas , this did wonders for brushing a huge amount of fur , dead skin , and various other debris off of him . He looked 100 % better afterwards . We have brushed him everyday or every other day since , and have hardly noticed any shedding . It certainly is n't his favorite thing , but he does tolerate it . Definitely recommended !
 So let 's start off by saying that I am not a professional groomer by any means . My Cat is going to be 2 in a few months and this is teh first tool I bought to help get some fur out.Pros : - does n't bother him , he sits mostly still - pulls the undercoat out -LRB- short hair cat -RRB- - gets a lot more hair than I expected - easy to use - not afraid of scraping his skin with it , or cutting him in any wayCons : - does n't have that handy EJECT button like most furminators have . Hair goes flying everywhere and gets stuck in the fine teeth . It 's hard to hold the cat and try to clean the tool at the same timeOverall , great value for the money , but I would have spent more to get the eject button on top ... I have a larger tool by them for my dog and I absolutely love that feature . Spend a little extra and get it , I just had no idea that they all do n't come with one .
 Okay , so here 's the thing . I love this thing because it takes so much hair off of my cat . So much hair , that sometimes I wonder whether it 's gripping and pulling out loose hairs or if its also shearing off the undercoat with the semi-sharp edges between the tines of the comb . I could comb my cat forever , and the quantity of fur coming off of him never decreases . Also , I have n't really noticed less cat hair around the apartment . He never coughs up hairballs -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- so that 's not really an issue for me either.My cat , as my title suggests , hates the comb , but will tolerate it as long as I follow the comb with a massaging hand . However , despite my reservations and my cat 's distaste , I will be using the comb for the remainder of the foreseeable future .
 This thing blasts through fur . One of our cats has an incredibly thick undercoat and after a few brushes with the Furminator she was like a different cat .
 This is a great tool for brushing your pet . My cat loves it and begs for more brushing when I have brushed her . She just does n't want me to stop . Do n't hesitate to get this tool for your pet . It is fantastic .
 At first I was skeptical , but now I recommend this to anyone who even mentions they have a cat . I have 2 , and the little shites get hair all over everything in the summer . I went Furminator on their a $ $ es and now I can pet them with little to no hair coming off them . I also filled up a garbage can with clumps of hair ... so do n't think those user pics are all BS . So far so good , I brush them with this thing maybe once a week -LRB- although it might require more during the shedding season , it is approaching Winter now -RRB- and I have noticed a major difference in shedding . The price is worth it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've seen some models of the FURminator go for 4x what this one costs . Anything more is just a gimmick , this thing works great . I 've gotten so much fur off of the cats . One cat * loves * it , but even the picky one that does n't like to be brushed tolerated it just fine . This is worlds better than any other de-shedding tool .
 Our cats love getting brushed with the Furminator ! It is truly amazing how much fur comes off even in one pass . Totally recommend , you will not be sorry you bought it !
 Worked wonders on my cat . He does n't look that he has that much fur , but the amount of undercoat that came out was amazing !
 Okay , so I added the FURminator to my `` Pet Needs '' wish list , figuring I 'd pick one up if it was ever on deep discount . My mixed breed American Shorthair has an undercoat that has her shedding much like PigPen leaves dust everywhere he goes . And , she * hate * getting brushed.Then I saw the FURminator at Target for an unbelievable price -LRB- read
 My dog does n't shed much but since he is a long haired dachs , I decided to get him a good brush that would help growing hairs by removing dead ones from his body.It simply just works as seen on TV or Ads.This is an amazing product that I think every pet owners must get for their dogs .
 This product is awesome for cats and dogs . I use it on my long haired cat , and 2 long haired dogs . AMAZING !!!!
 This is the best deShedding Tool I have ever used . For the first time my 17 year old cat -LRB- who sheds constantly -RRB- does not mind me combing her . It gets out lots of hair and she seems to love it .
 This tool is the best thing since sliced bread ! It reaches in to pull out hair all the way down to the skin without hurting my cat . In fact , my cat looked liked she lost 5-lbs after being Furminated ! The tool is very well made , and my cat just loves having her coat cleared with this tool.BTW
 This item does what it says it will do . It is fantastic ! I got my cat completely furminated in about an hour . It was amazing how much undercoat came out . She looks beautiful . What an ingenious idea !
 We ordered two of these from Amazon - much cheaper than a local Pet Store . It arrived today and was put right to work ... it is amazing the loose hair that came off our cat . We regularly brush him , but after using this you ca n't help but be amazed at the amount of hair it brings out . Our cat seemed to just ignore us , probably thinking we were just using the brush ... great tool.I think this deShedding Tool is a winner ; folks with dogs that have long hair and cats ... it is a must .
 It does exactly what it says it does - it 's a wonderful de-shedding tool ! I use it on my rabbit - it 's great for getting the dense , fine undercoat from her fur .
 This is unbelievable ! If you watch the videos on the product website , they are realistic . You will never see so much fur come off one animal !
 My mom called me a while ago and told me about how all of her coworkers were talking about the Furminator . I was a little bit skeptical , mostly because of its infomercial-esque name , but after she bought one and I saw it in action on her yellow lab , I was sold.I am the fortunate owner of two long-haired cats , one black and one orange , so their fur shows up on my clothes no matter what color I 'm wearing . I owned other cat brushes before this and while they got some hair out , it was nothing compared to this . The first time I used it on my cat , there was a pile of fur almost as big as him ! All of the stories and pictures sound too good to be true but it actually just is that amazing . Since I started using it , there 's so much less fur around the house , my cats do n't get hairballs as often , and their coats are shinier . Definitely get this if you have a long-haired cat , because it gets out all the undercoat that regular brushes do n't touch !
 I used this product to get rid of mats in my cat 's fur . It worked like a charm ! She was even pretty tolerant of the dematting process , and it helped thin out her extra fur nicely . I dematted in spurts , removing a couple every day . It worked very well .
 The Furminator is great , it really works . The actual comb part is just like the Shedender but the design of the furminator is so much better and alot easier to use . My cat is n't happy with it but I am happier not having big clumps of yellow cat hair all over my furniture and clothes .
 My cat approved it . He enjoyed me brushing his hair with this FURminator . It did minimize shedding . It 's not a magical tool . I still need to brush my cat 's hair regularly .
 This tool is fantastic ! My cat did n't like it at first , but then grew to enjoy the groomings . This is perfect for any pets that leave hair everywhere . I brush her once a week and she has n't had a hairball since , before she used to have them at least once a week .
 This does work great , only thing it never stops !!! I have 3 very long hair ragdoll mix cats and so much hair !! ONLY ONE loves to be brushed , so its hard to get the other 2 to sit still long enough but it gets while the getting is good . . you will be happy with it , takes a matt out in seconds flat !!
 After using a multitude of combs for years on our cats and thinking I was getting lots of hair , I was amazed at what I have been missing . We have a short hair and medium-long hair , both indoor cats . They shed constantly and the short hair has an on-going furball problem . I am still combing on a daily basis and getting handsful every time . This is worth every cent ! I am hoping to see far less hair on the furniture and on the corners . Be gentle - follow the directions to a ` T ' . Thanks to a previous reviewer who recommended follow up with a flea comb . That gets the last of any stray hairs . If you have only a short hair , you will probably be surprised at the amount of undercoat it has . I certainly was ! Take the time to use this comb and I think both you and your animal will be pleased .
 This product works great . I paid $ 18.25 and the price has already increased . Be gentle when you use it . I have three cats but I 'm sure it will work great on dogs too . Who ever invented this made a lot of money .
 FURMINATOR DOES A GREAT JOB ON MY 3 CATS , IT WAS WELL WORTH THE MONEY . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT .
 This is the best pet de-shedding tool I have ever used . As a matter of fact , it is my second one , having sent the first one , which was larger , to my daughter for her 2 dogs and 4 cats !! If you have a long or medium hair pet , then you need one of these .
 I like this product , and it does what all the reviews say it would do . I wo n't go into the good things because it 's already covered in depth . Instead I 'll offer a few criticisms :1 . I spent about 20 minutes or so brushing each one of my two cats and it seemed like there was no end in sight . Exactly when is enough enough ? I could have probably spent hours brushing until my cat was bald if I was determined enough . At least they liked it a lot more than the regular cat brush .2 . How often am I supposed to `` de-fur '' them ? It seemed like less than a week and my cats were already noticeably shedding again and they 're not even long haired or thick coated . This is n't the product 's fault , but I guess I was under the impression that the product would solve my problems for a while and that I would n't have to go through this ritual again for a while ... wrong .3 . After I bought this here -LRB- the current $ 18 + shipping price from Amazon is pretty good compared to PetCo -RRB- , I was at Walmart and saw another product that I ca n't remember the name of , BUT it looks 95 % identical to this one -LRB- same handle design and blade quality -RRB- and it only costed $ 14 . So I felt a bit disappointed .
 This brush gets so much fur out of my long haired cat and does pretty well on the short haired one as well . I would recommend it .
 The FURminator is the best comb for cats , they are not botheredby it 's use -LRB- no fighting to get away -RRB- and it gets the very fine hairthat normally winds up everywhere . With over 100 cat years behind me this is the greatest tool .
 This is truly the best pet comb I have ever used . We have 3 cats , one of whom has insane amounts of hair . This comb removes his undercoat like no other , and it does n't take a marathon brushing session to get it all either . ALL of my cats really seemed to love the way the comb felt on their skin , and the long-haired cat kept coming back for more ! Highly recommend !
 I volunteer at an animal shelter and this is a must have tool ! We get cats of all shapes sizes and hair lengths so it very helpful to me when grooming the kitty 's . I think it is well worth the money . Its nice also because we can use sanitizer between cats and that helps keep germs down too .
 There are some newer versions of this product that make the hair easier to get off the brush , but I find it pretty easy to remove it from this one - it does n't get stuck in between the teeth of the comb , and you can simply pull off the hair and toss it in the trash . Even with my short haired Abyssinian I can get several large clumps of hair a day , and he seems to enjoy it as well !
 Amazing device ! Trims and combs out cat 's fur at the same time . Perfect for thinning out long-haired variety cats . Helps eliminate shedding and furballs .
 I love this product . I am amazed at the amount of fur I am able to get off of the cats and dogs.I originally bought this to get mats off of a feral kitty ... it does not work good for that.I have used it on all of my pets and they have beautiful coats . Well worth the money .
 Works great , removed another cat worth of hair from one of our cats . Could n't believe how much it was collecting.Awesome tool !
 we got a damaged one - for cheaper . anyway , it works great on our cat . we only use it for knots or matted hair . we have another brush that we use for up-keep , the best being almost a comb type of thing , but when things get matted up with the winter coat , this thing is by far the most effective and seemingly painless -LRB- as long as we 're not super aggressive -RRB- way to get the matts removed .
 All of the reviews say it all ! 5 stars ! I have a medium-haired cat who gets a significant amount of undercoat out each time . He loves it - for about 1 minute . But it 's plenty of time ! Shedding has decreased substantially !
 I purchased the furminator after using several different slicker brushes and flea/tick combs to groom my cat . This thing works awesome . I thought both cats would hate it but they actually love it . One cat hates to be combed so I was pleasantly surprised . I have two long haired cats , one with fine hair and the other with thick black hair . The Black cat looks about half as big from just one use . It is truely amazing how well this thing works . If you have long haired cats and want to reduce the amount of hair they leave everywhere , BUY THIS NOW ! It is messy so do it in a room where you can sweep up the hair or go outside . Have a brush ready too so you can clean the loose hair from your cat .
 I have allergies and I used this on my cat . This is a great product and I liked it so much I bought one for my German Shepherd too . After seeing how much hair this brush pulled out of my dog , my mom and brother were so impressed they also bought the brush for their dogs !
 I have to cats both long haired . One has really long hair and this is amazing . I recommend it for anyone who is tire of lint rolling furniture . Great product and seller !
 The FURminator REALLY works Great !!! I was a little hesitant , the product looked too good to be true after seeing a video playing at my local pet shop -- But it really is that awesome !!!!! I used to use a small wire bristle slicker and what hair used to come off with 25 strokes with the old brush i can get off with 1 stroke of the FURminator . In addition the bristles on the old wire brush used to bother my cat and if i brushed on his sides he bit -- with the FURminator he enjoys being brushed and never bites so i assume it feels better . After moving north my cat grew an extra thick fur coat and he kept getting hairballs this spring.After waking up in the middle of the night to my cat hacking up a hairball on my bed i knew i had to try something !!! anything !!! The price was a little steep but the product works so well i feel its fair and im glad i dont have to clean up anymore hairballs !! I cant beleive he has so much hair , Ive already recommended it to my aunt who just purchased her own !
 If you have an indoor cat than you need this brush . I could n't believe the amount of fur that was removed from my short-haired pet . Gentle on the pet 's skin and my 6 year old cat really enjoys being brushed by it . I have minor allergies and this really seems to help keep them at bay .
 I 've gone through several different brushes and deshedding tools for my medium-hair-but-excessive-shedding white cat . I finally bit the bullet and bought the FURminator , hoping that something would cut down on the white hair that covers my apartment . My cat immediately took to it and I was shocked by how much hair I was able to get rid of so quickly . After several weeks , I 'm still thrilled . Whenever my cat sees it , he immediately runs over to be brushed . I can pet him without ending up with a handful of hair and the shedding is down so much that I do n't have to carry a lint roller with me . This is definitely worth the price -- just think of how much less vacuuming/sweeping/lint rolling you 'll have to do !
 This product works better than the standard hairbrush I used for my cat . The first time I used it -LRB- just a day after I used my old regular brush -RRB- , SO much hair came off my cat.It should be noted that even if it does n't pull it all off , there 's still plenty of loosened hairs on the cat , so be sure to rub those away
 To anyone in doubt : This works ! I have an all white medium-haired cat and his shedding was out of control ! Although he is a handsome cat , his fur everywhere made my house look unclean and my clothes look bad . Brushing with a regular cat brush did nothing . My cat sheds a lot less now , I would say 90 % less ! Before , huge amounts of fur would float from him when he moved or when I would pet him ! Now , I can COUNT the strands he sheds ! I brush him for 15 minutes everyday and always get a ball of fur the size of a hamster ! He does seem to enjoy it even though he is very hyper an d does not like to sit still . Its a great product to cut down on cleaning and add to bonding with your furry kid !
 My daughter came for a visit last summer and had purchased the Furminator for her cat . I have a long-haired cat that gets very matted during the summer months . She used it on him with great results . I had forgotten about his coat over the winter and here in the middle of summer he is terribly matted again . I ordered the Furminator and it works great . My other cat waits impatiently to be groomed , and I even run it through my dog 's thick coat occasionally . Best cat grooming product yet . Keep a bag handy for the hair that is removed .
 I purchases the FURminator deSheding tool for cats and it works GREAT ! My cat did not like it at first but he is OK with it now . He needed to `` investigate '' what this thing was , LOL.I found that gentle pressure is best.I love the fact that I can just push the button and the accumulated fur just pops off and I can keep on going.It is well worth the money !! And my cat 's fur is now silky and he does n't shed on me any more . : -RRB-
 FURminator deShedding Tool for Cats , 1.75-Inch EdgeFURminator is really amazing . It grooms and removes huge amounts of underhair with a few strokes . If anything , one has to be careful not to overgroom . Our Norwegian Forest Cat is not fond of being brushed to begin with , but tolerates a few brushes while eating or when she is waking up . This tool makes it possible to reduce her shedding substantially without too much of a struggle . We had had problems with her coat matting , needing recently to have her professionally groomed . This tool has kept her coat in great condition since then , and she seems to have less issues with fur balls . I would highly recommend .
 The furminator is the king of pet brushes . This brush is amazing . Our cat loves being groomed with it , and it really does a great job pulling out the loose hair . The price on Amazon is great , considering its 2x the cost if you buy this in a pet store . If you own a pet , you should definitely have this brush .
 I have 2 long haired cats and one is overweight so he 's unable to maintain and clean about 80 % of his body . He gets matts quite frequently . I tried every product , brush , comb , dematting tool and nothing worked . I purchased a larger version of this because we also used it on our dog . Then I saw the infomercial ... yes the dreaded infomercial . I figured I 'd give it a try since it whas a money back guarantee . I was NOT disappointed . This thing works just like the commercial . It pulls loads of hair off my cats -LRB- and our dog -RRB- ... enough to look like I own another cat . And the best part is that my cats love it . The minute they see that yellow handle , they come running . It pulls out 95 % of the matts on my cats and makes both of us very happy ! No more cutting matts out . It reduces shedding -LRB- does n't eliminate , obviously -RRB- because it pulls the undercoat out which is what they shed . I highly recommend spending the money on this product . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I did a lot of looking to fine a good price on this tool . I bought it second hand . Believe me you could not tell the difference between the new ones or this used one and it was almost $ 35.00 cheaper I would highly recommend this product
 I think my cat weighs 2 lbs less now ! That was a lot of fur that came off and that will not be in my house !
 I have two cats , one with a double coat of sheddy doom and a short-coat one who is n't a big deal . So I mostly got it for Doom Cat . Unfortunately , Doom Cat is afraid of all new things . Little Cat does n't care , so immediately started loving up on this thing , rubbing all over it , freaking out when I got bored and stopped using it on him . I ca n't believe the amount of fur I got off of Little Cat ! I did n't think he had any extra to give up ! But there it was.Doom Cat , seeing all the attention that Little Cat was getting , got pretty jealous so came to see what all the fuss was about . It was a little harder to get it through his thicker coat -LRB- he 's not a long-hair or anything , and his hair is n't even long enough to mat , barring some sort of weird conditions I 've never seen -RRB- . But boy howdy did I ever get a lot of fur off of him . Which is good , because he always seems to know which jacket I 'm going to wear that day and thoughtfully warms it up for me ... . my stock of scotch tape should last a bit longer now that I do n't have to save my jackets from him all the time.It 's a bit hard to get the belly area , but still , the amount of hair that comes off is incredible , and totally worth it .
 I 've been a professional magician for over 20 years . I thought I saw every trick in the book ... . until I bought the FURminator . We have a new kitten that sheds a lot . I bought the FURminator after hearing about it from a friend . It was a bit expensive at the local pet stores , so I ordered it on Amazon and saved a bundle on it . Once I got it , I tried it out . Now this is where the magic happened ... . I got more fur off of my kitten than she appears to have on her entire body . Where does the hair keep coming from ? It seemed like it was appearing out of thin air . No magic works , nothing up my sleeve , just the FURminator . She looks the same , but all this hair keeps appear on the end of the FURminator . It 's amazing !!! I 've used other combs , etc. , but never had results like this.My kitten did n't like it at first , but either started to put up with it or got tired of biting me . Either way , I 'm glad she stopped biting . :-RRB- The 1.75 inch model was perfect for her -LRB- or should I saw Purrrrrrrrfect ? -RRB- . After using the FURminator , I 've noticed a big difference on her shedding . I 'd highly suggest that you get one and try it out.I 'm going to say some magic words and make this review appear like magic ... -LSB- Magic words blocked by Amazon , due to being too powerful for the average person to read -RSB-
 We have 2 short-haired cats and the Furminator really dredges up the underfur that would normally be all over the house . Both cats like the experience and rub on the tool . Great product !
 we all know that cats release a large amount of hair and with this tool you could remove a lot of dead cat hair , the device is efficient and very helpful with cat care
 This thing definitely works , but if your cat does n't let you brush him/her than it will be really hard . However , this brush really does get the undercoat out .
 My cat absolutely LOVES getting combed with the furminator ! Just be careful not to use it too often or use it in the same areas too often because you 'll start seeing kitty skin !
 Great product . Does n't matter if new or used . It gets huge ! Amounts of fur out of the pets . Way less shedding !
 My cat really hated being brushed with this thing . It did get some loose fur off of her , but not as much as I was hoping . She 's been trying to hack up some fur balls , so we thought this might help . We did notice that in the few days following , she was coughing significantly less . I just do n't think she will let me brush her with it again , even though I was being extremely gentle with it .
 I got my Furminator yesterday for my two short-hair cats . I spent about 20 minutes total brushing them out and plan to reattack tomorrow . I removed SOOOOO much hair it was crazy ! They looked so shiny and thin afterwards ! I defnitely recommend .
 I had seen the furminator in use at an animal shelter and this product is fantastic . It removes so much fur and my cats love it .
 I received the furminator very quick with the 2-day Amazon Prime shipping . I was able to groom both my short & medium hair cats relatively quickly . They seemed to love the experience , they were purring throughout ! There was enough cat hair to weave a small baby blanket lol
 This thing is amazing . The amount of fur that came off in the first swipe was enough to sell me on this product . My cat can usually last about 30 seconds -LRB- if I hold her down -RRB- with all the other grooming products I 've used over the years . She absolutely loved this . There was no hissing , no fussing , she laid down and even turned over at one point so I could get her other side . I removed soo much fur and when when we were done my cat kept staring at the humongous pile -LRB- probably waiting for it to meow back at her lol -RRB- . I 'm mad at myself for waiting so long ! If you are a skeptic like myself just put all that aside and order it . It works . It 's sturdy . The pictures are real . The videos are real . I 'm so excited for my furniture and for less sweeping . : -RRB-
 Tool is simple to use and does remove dead hair . Takes cat some time to get use to the tool . My cats were not sure about the tool as I combed through their hair . Otherwise it is effective and simple to use .
 This brush was such a steal compared to how much they cost @ the pet store . It helps reduce shedding significantly for my cat . I would highly recommend this product .
 Holy moly ! This brush takes alot of hair off , without any preceived pain or ill effects to my cat . She actually purrs when being brushed with it . She is a Himilayan with a nice smooth coat . We have been using this for about a week now and have removed about a cats worth of hair from her . Her coat looks better now , obviously she might have been having problems with getting rid of her undercoat.This is a must buy , the best $ 20 I have spent on Sacchi .
 I was skeptical at first , since most brushes advertise excellence with little actual results . However , when I received my FURminator , in two days from when I ordered it , I was excited and hopeful . I went to work right away on my two short hair cats . This product is WONDERFUL ! It was just like the advertising ! My cats ' fur looked sleek and smooth when I was done , and both enjoyed the grooming , much more so than a regular brush!Also , my friend has a boxer , and despite her dog 's extremely short coat , it sheds horribly . We did n't think it would work on her dog 's coat , but were soon proven wrong with the large amount of hair removed ! This is a truly amazing deshedding tool !! Totally worth the money !
 Can not believe how well this product works ! I 've used the large one on a German Shepard as well and well - it is amazing . It is like shearing a sheep . The cats look so much better after I am done , and you literally need a bag to put all of the hair in .
 Received the furminator and immediately put it to use . One cat loves it , the other cat - not so much . However , the amount of fur that it pulls off is amazing . Hoping it will cut down on the fur balls that keep flying around the house . And the price was about 1/10th of what the vet wanted me to pay .
 The furminator works great at removing the fine undercoat , and small to medium clumps . I bought this product to use on my long haired cat in hopes I would not have to sedate and shave him again . He 's never liked to be brushed , but puts up with this much longer than any other brush . No more sedation and shaving ! It also works well on my short haired cat . It 's such a wonderful product , I bought one for my mother to use on her cats .
 I was n't convinced that this would work any better than a standard cat brush but I was wrong . It really does remove a lot more than a standard brush and thankfully we do n't have to brush our cat as often . She does n't much like the experience but she does n't like anything that is not her idea !
 I just received my Furminator and have been using it on my new cat -LRB- just came from the shelter two weeks ago . -RRB- She absolutely loves it , and it helps make her coat look much sleeker . Plus I get the added bonus of less cat hair all over the house ! : - -RRB-
 This is a GREAT product . It safely removes the hair and my cat LOVES it !
 This is the most amazing pet hair removal product EVER !!! I have a white long haired persian cat that sheds like it is going out of style and the first time i used it for only about five mins , i had a ball of hair about the size of a soccer ball . This thing is amazing and i only have to de fuzz the sofa about once every other week instead of every other day . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a pet that sheds , my dad has the larger one made for dogs and it works just as amazing . If you dont have one get one.Cheers
 This thing works . I have two long haired overweight furball cats . They have a hard time grooming themselves on parts of their backs and behind their legs and this really gets the undercoat hair out . I have to have paper towels or napkins handy to collect the hair or it gets all over the house . The cats love it when I bring it out . I 'm not sure the trick , but the teeth are so close together that the hair comes out easily without causing any discomfort . The only time I irritated my cats was when I kept going over the same area trying to get a section of hair to release . It 's a great product and Amazon has it for about half the price I saw this go for in stores .
 My Pet Groomer showed me a demonstration of this product on my pet as he was finishing her grooming . He also showed me several other fur removal products . It was very obvious the huge differecne that this De-Shedding tool makes . The FURminator comes in several different widths for either cats or dogs . My Groomer offers them in his shop , but I wanted to check other options where the price might be better . This was by far the BEST - it was less than half the price of the shop !! It is an awesome product , and my pets do n't even mind when I use it . They would not tolerate the other groomer products that I had tried . Those are going in the garbage ! The FURminator is the only one I 'll use .
 This is the most amazing tool ever . I would recommend it to anyone needing a cat brush . My cats seem to have extra fur that ends up all over me too but the thing is simply awesome . If you have any questions , forget them and just buy it ! You wont be sorry .
 I saw this in an ad last weekend and decided to goto Petsmart and get one . Boy was I surprise at how much hair it took off my tortie ... she 's not long hair but she 's not short hair either ... but man this thing pulled off alot of hair and it continues to pull the dead undercoat from her . Just today I brushed her with it and I pulled over a handful off of her ... she 's initially apprehensive of me using it on her each time , but once I do a few strokes , she 's rolling around as if she is telling me ` more more ' ... its definately worth the $ 35 I paid at Petsmart for it ... and I would recommend anyone with a medium to long hair cat , or even dog , to get one . You wo n't be disappointed !!
 This tool is great for taking ALL the unwanted hair off your pet . The trick is to get your cat to sit long enough to get in a good grooming session . But this tool does what it says !!! I would definitely recommend it to any cat owner .
 I rarely review the things I buy , but I had to jump on my laptop as soon as I used the Furminator . The amount of hair this thing grabs is incredible . I think I gathered enough from each of my short-haired cats to make another cat . The best part is that they love it - I was afraid the metal would hurt them , but as soon as they see it in my hands they 're running over and meowing at me for more . So glad I bought this ! I would recommend it to anyone .
 I saw all the pics so thought I would try this as I have 5 cats and it is a daily chore keeping up with the loose hair all over the house . It is a bit more awckward to use than a standard brush , but it gets out all that deep hair . One of my cats hated to get brushed , but will tolerate the FURminator . I recommend it to everyone !!
 We just got this for our 3 cats and it works great . This brush works fast and the cats like it as it just easily pulls the hair out . Other brushes we had do n't work like this . This is amazing for a hair brush . Not cheap , but works great . My first reaction was `` it cost how much '' ? But after use you it ... : -RRB-
 It works really well removing the undercoat and mats , but the critters are n't that fond of it , have to give lots of time between groomings
 This tool works great on my long haired cat 's matted knots . I 'm so happy I have it ! ~ -RRB-
 I have a new cat who was shedding everywhere . When I saw the Amazon reviews on this I ordered it right away and I 'm so glad I did . She loves being groomed with it and it gets rid of all that excess hair . This tool along with the Pledge Fabric Sweeper for Pet Hair are two items I ca n't be without .
 I have a long hair maine coon cat and constantly battle piles of hair all over my house . The FURminator has changed my life , saving the life of my vaccum and my cat loves not having to deal with his hair all the time.The distributor I received it from mailed it quickly and efficiently-no worry or fuss . Thank you very much !
 This is a wonder tool . I have a small house and two short haired dogs plus three cats so the floating hair is extensive . I usually need to vacuum every other day . Every time I use this little item , I get enough loose hair to create a whole new animal !!! Like I need that !!! There are similar tools out there , but all seem to be close in cost , so I went with the FURminator since I 'd borrowed my neighbor 's and knew it works well . This smaller one , for cats , works very well on my two Beagles .
 I love this product . My cats have short coats , but this does n't deter the furminator . I seriously could not believe how much it took off of them even with their short coats . Plus , they love to be combed so it 's like a win-win . But , if you do n't believe how amazing it is by all of these reviews , check out all of those pics . They do n't lie .
 This brush is almost too capable , in that it 's sort of an intensive experience for the cat . Like some punishing deep tissue massage , he can only handle so much . At the end of it , though , there enough fur to roll into a decent sized ball and give to the cat , which baffles him .
 I was very skeptical about this product , as I have tried a deshedding brush in the past and one of my cats would n't sit still for 5 seconds when using it . This older cat -LRB- 11 yrs old -RRB- is upset with me , as I brought 2 kittens into the house ; but now he wants attention . As soon as I got the FURminator I went to him on his perch and he actually sat for over 5 minutes while I used it to comb him . He just LOVED it , he sat up and wanted to be sure that I got both sides of his neck and chest area . I now use it every other day , to keep his coat looking great . Plus since he is now looking for attention , I take him into a separate area -LRB- away from the kittens -RRB- and he loves our one-on-one time while I groom him .
 Great brush , it really works well on my long-haired cat . Arrived quickly and got it for a great price -- a lot cheaper than pet stores .
 Works great and the cat loves it . Seller was very prompt in shipping . Very pleased !
 I 've recently discovered this little tool after visiting a local pet store here in Columbus , OH . The sales associates were all gushing about how awesome this brush was and after seeing a short demo I was totally sold . Only thing I was n't sold on was their $ 38.99 retail price . I immediately thought to check my Amazon iPhone app and voila ! I discovered the same tool online for a fraction of the price . Amazon prices are the cheapest I 've seen for these useful tools . If you 're a pet owner and find yourself needing a brush that delivers the best hair removal results than search no further . This brush is super quality !!!!
 I bought this brush on my daughter 's recommendation . It amazes me how much fur & fuzz it removes from the cat , and my cat loves it ! No more cat hair along the baseboards - it 's all in the brush ! I would recommend this brush to anyone with a cat , long or short haired . There 's a wider model for dogs too.FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Cats
 this is the best new product for cats since clumping litter . It works on my very long-haired Coon Cat as well as my short-haired seal point Siamese . Both cats like to be brushed and reacted to the FURminator like a regular brushing . Read the directions for god 's sake ! Some of these negative comments show that the wielders did anything but read the directions . Go easy and do n't overwork a spot . The mass of hair I removed looked like dead hair to me . Both of my cats are big , long and wide and The 1 3/4 inch edge seems just the right size .
 Have a pet that sheds ? You NEED the FURminator . It is simply astonishing how much hair you can liberate from your pet.I have this version for my cats and I often wish I had one that was just a little bit bigger .
 This is a great buy ! My cat loves it and it definitely helps get rid of all his excess fur .
 When I first got this in the mail , I was a little worried when I saw the sharp edge of it . However , when I tried it on my cat , she LOVED it ! Whenever I bring it out to groom her , she rubs her face against it and purrs . This does remove as much fur as it says it does . My cat has short , very soft fur , and I was amazed at how much of her undercoat came off . I would absolutely recommend this to any pet owner !
 I love the product and it removes hair effortlessly and my cat loves the feeling of getting brushed.I would suggest the FURminator to anyone !
 I ca n't believe how much hair this little gadget gets off our cats . It does n't even make a `` fur cloud '' around the cats , but does a great job of catching it all in the blades . The blades are easy to clean , and yes , I guess you have to touch the cat hair when you pull it out of the blade , but its the same hair that was swirling around sweet kitty a minute ago . That 's not a bother.Our cat actually gets excited when she sees the brush come out , she loves the massage and the personal time with her human . We 've bought several cat combs and brushes before , and I still use the Zoom Groom sometimes just to give her a different massage , but nothing gets the hair out like the Furminator . Her fur is short , but really thick , and I noticed it seemed softer almost as soon as we started using it . We have had the Furminator for about a year .
 I absolutely love the FURminator ! I ca n't believe how much hair it picks up ! Great product !
 My FURminator arrived right on schedule - no extended waiting period . It works amazingly . My cats enjoy being combed by it . It almost puts them to sleep ; so I have to believe there is no pain to them . My daughter has two Welsh Corgis , smaller dogs with a thick medium length coat . It works as well on them . Corgis are known for shedding . After several good combings it has cut the shedding noticeably . We are very happy with this tool .
 This is by far the best grooming comb that I have owned ! It works great -LRB- just as the customer images show -RRB- and would recommend it to anyone with a long-haired animal . I have yet to try it on a cat/dog with a shorter coat , but I 'm sure it still works fine . Thank you !
 All you need to know is : + It will remove lots of hair from your cat in a short amount of time + It will not hurt your cat , my cat actually enjoys it + Your cat will shed less if you brush them weekly + Your cat will spend less time grooming , and therefore will have less hairballsIt 's worth the price , just buy it if you own a cat
 We have 2 cats & they both love to be brushed with the furminator . It really removes the undercoat & has reduced their shedding tremendously ! Amazon has a great price too !
 Could not believe the amount of fur it removed from my cats . They do n't mind me using it on them at all . I have 2 short hair cats and highly recommend for them .
 I have two male orange cats who get fur balls -- YUCK !!! My sister , who has has two dogs , told me about the Furminator and her information went in one ear and out the other . To prove how good the product is , she brought hers to my house and proceeded to brush my cats . They loved it and followed her around so she would continue to brush them ! I could not believe how much fur she managed to get off of them with just one brushing . She suggested I not pay full price , but go online to find a more reasonably priced Furminator . I went to Amazon.com and even with the cost of shipping , I paid less than half of what I would have paid at a pet store , and no more fur balls - YEA !!! Now my cats follow me around to brush them .
 Got new calico cat about 5 years or so . Long hair , typical brushes NG . Tried the Furminator
 GET THIS ! I have suffered for years with pet allergies I developed years ago -LRB- but love the animals we have , and have had to consider giving them away -RRB- . On the recommendation from a friend , we picked this up.I ca n't use this because of how much hair comes off and goes everywhere , but my better half will give the cats and dog a good brushing every week . This thing takes off a soccer ball size amount of hair from out 2 cats and 1 golden/collie mix . We 've tried other brushes but they only really pull off what you can grab loosely with a bare hand . This tool really gets down into the undercoat and gets the fine/floaty hair that KILLS us allergy sufferers.Things are SO MUCH more bearable than before and we are now going to keep our beloved pets.Shipping was ultra fast too !!
 I have a black , domestic short hair cat and she shed like crazy despite being brushed EVERYDAY . I read the reviews and decided I had to try it . The very first time I used it on her I got two huge handfuls of hair , I could n't believe it ! The first time I used it she was a little fidgety about letting me use it but after that she does n't care at all . I 'll never be without a FURminator again !
 OK , not quite , but the Furminator did what all the other brushes and combs we 've tried did n't
 I love cats and especially this one . However , her hair is everywhere this time of year . Introduced by a friend who found it in France , I was delighted to find it at Amazon and does it work wonders . She loves being groomed and I love being able to trash a handful of fur . Now we are both happy !
 My vet recommended a furminator for my long haired cat , but the ones I found at Pet Smart and other Pet stores were extremely costly . I came to Amazon to search and found this one at much lower cost . It does n't have any extra bells and whistles , but it 's great none the less . My cat loves it too and I took off a huge pile of hair in the first brushing . Another plus , I ordered the brush on a Wednesday afternoon and it arrived on Friday a.m. . The only drawback is the slightly longer edges on each side seem to bother my cat a little . I do suggest , as the instructions say , to make sure you use this in an area that 's easily vacuumed . It causes a lot of hair to fly around . Great tool . . Thanks to whomever invented it .
 I just wanted to say that this product was well worth the money ! As soon as I recieved it , I tried it on one of my cats -LRB- BoBo -RRB- , and it was so incredible how much hair was coming off of him . He really seemed to enjoy the brushing too ! Then I tried it on my other two cats and I swear I could have built a new cat with all the hair that was being shaved off there coats . I definately give this product 5 stars because it 's done what it said it would do . You wo n't be sorry buying this product .
 I got this for Christmas . I have a tabby . She has an undercoat . I can not believe the amount of fur and fuzz I have removed from her in the past 10 days . I 'm working slowly so she does n't dislike the process . Very , very happy with this product . Would recommend without hesitation !
 Highly recommended . I bought it because Consumer 's Union , who generally do n't see far outside the box , let a bunch of their staff use the Furmentator and many of them reported that their pets loved it . I 've had the same response from my three cats . When I pull out the Furmentator , they all magically appear on the kitchen counter , and my youngest , a born-in-the-wild long-haired Siamese mix , flops over on her back to get her belly Furmenated . Along with being pleasurable for my cats , it removes scads of loose fur . The only downside is cleaning up all the flying hair when you 're done . I 'm giving one to my mom for Christmas and I 'm sure her four kitties will love me for it .
 The FURminator is terrific . I got enough hair off my cat in the first grooming session to build another cat ! The clumps of undercoat came right out . The remaining fur was soft , slick and shiny . My cat was n't thrilled with the experience , but she will have to learn to live with disappointment . I plan on grooming her weekly . The FURminator not only does a great job , it has a nicely ergonomic handle , and a safety cover for the grooming teeth . It feels sturdy , too . I highly recommend this grooming item .
 I 'm not the reviewer type but I felt inclined to share that this grooming device is the most effective for removing loose hairs and optimal cat coat management . I have a Maine Coon cat and she normally does not like brushing or grooming . The Furminator works so well that I lightly glide and stroke her coat and the loose hairs effortlessly are removed . Even her `` brillo like '' neck ruff is beautifully managed with this little device . I would suggest , as the directions do , to use this grooming tool with care and gently . It works very well and you do not need to use pressure or brawn for it to effectively remove excess hair and shed.Worth the chunk of change.Really .
 I was hesitant to spend almost $ 20 on a brush for my short-haired-but-ever-so-shedding kitty . I 've tried all sorts of different types of cat brushes , but none have even come close to how well the Furminator works ! My kitty has gone from a shedding machine , even with hours of weekly brushing , to a well groomed beast . It 's a little harsher on his skin then other brushes , but he does n't seem to mind . It is definitely worth the investment !
 I live with 7 indoor cats that have a constant shedding problem . The day I received my FURminator I used it on the most submissive cat . I did n't think he shedded as much as the other cats but I was surprised by the amount of fur that the tool removed ! I have been trying to use it on the other 6 with varying results . 2 still refuse to submit to the grooming but I will keep trying . The only suggestion I would make is to wear a large garbage bag over yourself before starting . The first time I used it , I think I was wearing more fur than the cat !
 Our cats are really annoyed by standard brushes , but they do n't mind the Furminator . Gets out tons of fur . Loses one star for the high price .
 The Furminator is truly a great product ! It gets rid of loose fur that would otherwise end up in the house . With four cats , there is plenty of fur to go around , and around , and being able to eliminate some of it is very nice . Do n't be heavy-handed when using it .
 It is unbelievable the hair that comes out of your cat with the FURminator . Out cat is not exactly crazy about it but tolerates it . It sure has cut down on the fur at our house .
 Ever since I 've been using this product , my cat looks 5 pounds lighter ! LOL . It definitely does take off all the fur underneath her coat and makes her feel smoother and look shinier . I would definitely recommend this product to EVERYONE !
 I have 2 cats and the one just loves being brushed w / the furminator ! When she see it she runs up to it . It is definetly worth the money . Which was a better deal then buying it at a pet speciality store . I shopped a few pet speciality stores and found it here at the best price ! The shipping was easy and here before I knew it ! I highly reccomend !!!
 Works wonderful ! I have the FURminator for our Lab as well and love them both . It 's amazing how much hair is removed with these tools .
 I have to say I am astonished by how well the Furminator works . I have 2 cats , one of which does not like to be brushed . One stroke with the Furminator and she loved it ! Both cats are now constantly watching my hands for the brush . I 've never heard so much purring as when I brushed them with the Furminator . Be warned though
 I am very pleased with the furminator . My cats ' fur was clumping it was so bad , and the furminator made her coat look great again . Our 7 yr . old yellow lab has always had a problem with her under coat not sheddiing and just sort of clumping on her body until it fell off . I have never had a better grooming product for either our cat or dog . Makes keeping the house free of animal hair a lot easier too . Thank you furminator !
 Due to all the positive reviews , I just had to get this for my long-haired Persian . This does not disappoint ! I spent about 2-and-a-half hours combing my guys undercoat -LSB- he has the patience of a saint -RSB- out . Hair just flew off , and just about filled my large garbage can . It thinned out his coat so much , you can feel the difference ! Only his guard hairs are left , and I am sure he will appreciate the lighter coat due to the high temperature the apartment is kept at during the very cold winter this year . I hope it helps with the constant shedding that I 've had with him . So far so good , this is HIGHLY recommended if you have long haired cats .
 I have a long hair Persian/Bengal mix and living in Vegas means I have cat hair problems . BIG cat hair problems . I 've used cat brushes , rubberized petting gloves , everything I could think of to quell the amount of cat hair she sheds.After doing some research I decided to give the FURminator a shot and wow ! It really does work ! . I 've never seen her coat look this good and the cat hair levels have definitely dropped in my house since I started grooming her with it . Even my shorthair loves it . Two thumbs up !
 I saw an ad for this in Cat Fancy magazine and was floored by the pile of fur in the photo of the ad . I talked to a friend of mine about it . She actually got hers before I got mine , and could n't speak more highly of it . I finally had the spare cash to get one . I do admit that the price is WAY too high , more people should be able to afford this thing , it 's that awesome ! Some of our cats like it more than others , but they 'll all allow at least a few minutes of it , and the amount of hair that always comes off is ridiculous .
 My cat loves being groomed in general but he goes wild for The FURminator ! Although the metal edge looks intimidating , I think that the overall affect my cat has is more like a full body massage than anything unpleasant ! The results are phenominal as well , tons of hair is removed , painlessly and with ease . I think this is the best pet brush on the market !
 This product does just what it says . My pets love it , both dog + cats.I no longer need to vaucum daily . It totally reduced the pet hair in my home.Thanks , I would recommend it to anyone !
 I received the Furminator grooming tool for catsFURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Catstwo days ago and have used it three times on my two cats . One is a short haired white cat whose fur is always on everything . It is already noticeably better now for our clothes and furniture . The other cat is a long haired cat who for 13 years has hated being brushed . This is the first grooming tool she has tolerated ... not for extended periods of time , but at least for five minutes or so . It has been enough to get a good head start on reducing her shedding as well . This product is worth every penny of the price .
 My cat loves it . I could never get her to sit still when I brushed her , but with the FURminator , she lays down and purrs . It did take a couple of times for her to just lay there . At first , she would walk away and come back over and over again . After about 3 sessions , she stays put . I always get so much hair off of her -LRB- DSH -RRB- ! Now , when we pet her , there is n't hair flying around . I can wear black pants and not worry -LRB- too much -RRB- about her rubbing up against my legs . The FURminator has really decreased the amount of hair floating around our house.After FURminating , you will definately need to vacuum the area!I was hesitant to purchase this tool because of the price and I wondered if my cat would really sit still long enough for me to use it . It is worth every penny !
 The FURminator is the best tool you can get to avoid having cat hair all over your house . It 's great at getting the loose hairs out before they fall out on your sofa , bed , wherever the cat goes . It 's amazing how much fur you can get off your cat with this little brush . My cat does n't love being brushed , but she 'll tolerate it once a week or so . And her coat is so silky afterward , and shiny ! If you want a cat brush that works , go with the FURminator . Pretty great tool for the price . It does what it promises .
 It works just like it is said . But I think it still depends on the cat preference a lot . My cat doesnt like be groomed with nomatter what tool . So after 2 or 3 groomings , she will run away . However , it does get more hair out than my previous tool .
 The FURminator really works ! Wish I had owned one years ago ! I recommend using it outdoors , as the fur really flys !
 Nico - Seal Point Siamese - laid back , likes being combed for a while , then decides he has had enough.Jaden - Cream Point Siamese -LRB- a little slow , but so sweet -RRB- He acts like he is in a massage parlor . We comb his back , his haunches and then he rolls over for his tummy to be combed.Izzy - Siamese / Calico mix - `` Okay , two strokes then stay the heck away from me with that ! -LRB- We barely get any hair off of her , thankfully -RRB- Jordin - Mostly white with orange markings - He tolerates it . Still he will only take so much then he is off to hunt down a make up brush.Trixi - Our diva - Shiny black cat - `` GET THE H *** AWAY FROM ME WITH THAT , WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE MESSING WITH ! '' Short haired - Yeah!Misty - Our cantankerous blue eyed calico matriarch - `` Okay , you have about 1 - 2 minutes max , then I am done ! '' We work fast on her and can get a good kitten 's sized worth of hair off of her.Bottom line - It is a great tool to get as much hair off of your cat as you can in a very short time frame . If they like being combed , you ca n't lose .
 SINCE MY CATS ARE BRUSHED DAILY , I WAS N'T SO IMPRESSED WITH THE FURMINATOR AFTER HEARING ALL THE HYPE . PERHAPS IT 'S FOR CATS WHO ARE N'T GROOMED DAILY AND ARE MATTED . ALL IN ALL , IT 'S A QUICK WAY TO GET A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF HAIR OFF .
 This works well for brushing my cat but my favorite use is using it to clean cat hair off the furniture . It works well for both and unlike most pet brushes the hair comes off the brush easily .
 I have two cats . Lucky had a chronic hairball problem and would cough up hairballs almost daily . I 've used slicker brushes in the past . While they removed fur , I still had to vacuum more often than I wanted to . Holding both kitties without getting mass amounts of fur on me was impossible . I had avoided the FURminator because of the cost , but it IS worth it . I assumed that it was just as effective as the slicker brush . After seeing it again in a Pet Store , I decided to purchase one . I had brushed both cats earlier that morning but decided to try it anyway . I was amazed from the first stroke ! The amount of fur the FURminator was removing was unbelievable ! It seemed as if I had enough fur to create another cat ! Lucky tolerated it well but Tigger was a bit skittish with it . He still does not enjoy it as much as Lucky does . I brushed them every 2-3 days at first until there was little fur being removed . Now I brush them only 1-2 times a week . After the first week there was a noticeable reduction in the amount of fur around the house . There is practically no fur on my furniture now & picking the cats up does not leave a lot of fur behind . Also , Lucky stopped coughing up hairballs daily , his hairball problem is almost non-existent . Things you should know :1 -RRB- This is going to remove a lot of the loose undercoat . Do n't try to brush it all in one day , it can really irritate your pet 's skin . Give your pet a day or two rest in between brushing .2 -RRB- Brush in an area that can be easily vacuumed , you 're going to have a lot of fur ! 3 -RRB- Brush lightly ! Do n't use pressure , FURminator can irritate skin . Just rake lightly through your pet 's coat . Especially around delicate areas -LRB- stomach , genitals , neck , head , etc -RRB- . DO N'T use if pet has matts or sores ! 4 -RRB- I used the Blue FURminator -LRB- exactly the same as the purple one for cats , no difference ! -RRB- . This size is good for small to medium cats . My next purchase will be a larger size up since I have large cats .
 I have one cat that sheds three times as much as the other two . Her hair is short but slightly longer than theirs and it gets on everything . Not only did this remove piles of hair from her , she loved the whole process . She can be skittish , but this soothed her . Highly recommended . Use in an enclosed space to ease the cleanup .
 Service is fantastic . I ordered one of these remarkable products for my cat and dog and when my friends saw its success , I ordered it for them too . The prices with this group are fantastic . One trip to your local pet store proves it . Well worth the money !
 This product is more of a thinning shears than anything else but in my opinion it still works great . It has a blade at the end of the fine comb which clears out the fur below and does do a great job of cutting down the shedding . My cats like it as well because it does not pull on the fur as much as a normal rake does.Downside is that it does not pull out any matting in the fur and if you try to use to to remove matting in one spot , you will find your cat bald in that spot because again it has a blade on the end . So keep your fine toothed rake to get out the small nasty mats your pet may get.Use as instructed . One even stroke down the cat -LRB- or small dog -RRB- and it will serve you well . Enjoy !
 I have 2 cats , one long-haired and one short-haired . My long-haired one used to leave huge chunks of hair laying around and she would produce good size hairballs . After using the Furminator a few times , she literally shrank in size , and the amount of fur she sheds and the hairballs she produce are greatly minimized . $ 21 for a brush seems expensive - it 's not . I 've recommended this to all my other friends that live with cats . It saves you time on cleaning up and it saves your cat from throwing up . Where hairball medications and food supposed to reduce hairballs have done nothing , the Furminator has become a Terminator of fur and hairballs .
 The FURminator is amazing . It is a very durable tool and it performs far beyond expectations . It works equally well for short or long-hair cats . Even better , our two short-hair cats do n't mind it and our daughter 's long-hair cat actually enjoys it . Use it outside with your cat because it cleans out an amazing amount of hair . When finished , the cat 's coat feels very smooth and you will see no shedding for a week or two afterwards .
 We saw the Furminator in a store and it piqued our curiosity . We have 2 cats that were shedding like crazy . The picture on the package of piles of fur looked pretty amazing . We decided to buy it but were very skeptical . After the first swipe , we were believers ! The amount of undercoat fur it pulled out was incredible . For once a product 's claim was actually true . We were so impressed that we bought several more for friends and family . The price on Amazon.com was much better than the in-store price - even including shipping . I would recommend this product whole-heartedly !!
 I have a longhair cat who hates to be brushed . The Furminator got out all her matted fur ! She also seems to like it a bit better than a regular brush .
 ITs been a long time since a product come along impress me . but I must say the FURminator lives up to it 's name . For months my kitten drove me crazy with the amount of hair she left behind on ANY and EVERYTHING!Various style brushes did not work . I stumbled across your product and was amazed at its power . Thanks for helping out with the hair problem .
 I have three cats , and this grooming tool works well on all of them . It works especially well on the one who sheds the most . I was really shocked at how much hair this got off of my cats . I am trying to use it more often to get them accustomed to it , as none of them really like being brushed in general . In just a few brush strokes -LRB- often , the most I can get in a sitting -RRB- yields a good handful of hair , mostly undercoat . One evening when my heaviest shedder was being particularly cooperative , I got a softball-sized ball of hair off of him , and I could pet him without getting covered in hair for about a week or two . I definitely recommend this grooming tool . There is a clear reduction in the amount of shedding and hair on my furniture , carpets , clothes , etc. . None of my kitties had hairball issues -LRB- probably from the kind of food I give them -RRB- , but I expect if your kitty is plagued with hairballs , this would help with them too .
 I have 4 cats , so the fur volume in our house was substantial . Especially from Stitch , the 26-pounder who is so fat that he ca n't groom himself properly . Enter the Furminator , with spectacular results ! The first comb-through on Stitch produced an staggering amount of fur and cat dander , and nearly the same amount on the 2nd combing . He was suspicious at first , but absolutely LOVES it now - comes running towards me as soon as I pick up the Furminator . The less hirsute kitties like it too , and there is a significant reduction in hairball production and free-flying fur in general . Usually , washing our brushed cotton blanket results in a lint trap FULL of cat fur , but with yesterday 's washing , the fur barely covered the screen - I was genuinely surprised . So all in all , our household gives the Furminator a big thumbs up , and we would highly recommend it .
 I have two short-hair cats , both less than a year , and goodness does this thing pick up hair . It 's not terribly dramatic with my tabby , but oh my , the hair it pulls from my tuxedo is amazing . It is very static-y , but I 've discovered that if I pull it off with a paper towel or just hold it in my hand , it does n't float everywhere.He likes being brushed in general and likes this , but seems to have less of a tolerance for it than his regular brush . He never stays still for very long when you 're trying to brush or pet him , but he stays still slightly less for the FURminator . All in all though it does get an impressive amount of hair . As for the claim that it prevents shedding , I have n't seen much of that-but maybe I would if my tuxedo would stay still long enough for me to get enough hair off of him then he would n't have much left to leave on my couch !
 All the furminators use the same blade , the only difference is in the width , so any will work the same , it is only a matter of picking the most convenient width relative to the size of the animal . The shedender , and probably others , use the same blade as the furminator but the position of the blade relative to the handle makes all the difference . The furnminator is unbelievably more effective given that they use the same blade . Even if you already have one of the others get the furminator , you wo n't beleive how much difference it makes . It does almost seem like it is taking off too much hair , particularly on the back near the tail it seems like there are a few guard hairs and not much else left . I guess you can always stop , and really , if the hair is all dead , -LRB- and it does n't seem to be pulling out anything rooted -RRB- , I guess you are n't losing anything . The cats like it .
 I 've purchased many cat brushes and combs over the years but they either pulled or got stuck in my cat 's long hair or did n't remove any hair at all . Then I saw a news flash on TV about the FURminator with postive reviews . I was excited to find this product on Amazon -LRB- for a much lower price ! -RRB- and decided to give it a try after reading all the great reviews . And everything other buyers said is true . This is a great product!I have only one problem and it has nothing to do with this products performace . My 15 yr old cat never liked grooming and I still have to work with him to get the job done . But this comb takes out so much loose hair and so much easier that I do n't have to fight with him very long to remove a nice clump of cat hair . So then I am able to calm him down sooner and it is less stressful for him . I also notice I do n't have to give him as much hairball medicine which a few tubes can cost as much as the FURminator in a very short time . I recommend this product to anyone who has long-haired jumpy cats .
 This does a great job of removing excess hair on my cat . I 've noticed a lot less shedding since I 've started using it . My cat does n't sit still long enough , so I have been brushing her about once a week . Highly recommed this if shedding is an issue !
 This is the bomb , it really works and our cat loves it . Shipped on time and would recommend to all .
 This is possibly the best comb - hair eliminator - that I 've ever used . More importantly , Mr Rude - the cat , enjoys and follows me to be combed .
 This tool is helpful , if pricey . -LRB- I was so desperate to do SOMETHING about my Maine Coon-Pixie Bob longhair and her epic shedding that I would have tried ANYTHING . -RRB- The Furminator gets rid of a lot of her dead undercoat -LRB- she seems to have a triple coat -- whee ! -RRB- . She had been trying to get rid of the stuff herself by pulling on her fur with her teeth -- hairballs abounding.She seems to like the feeling of being brushed with this tool almost as much as she does her softer brush -- though she wo n't let me brush her stomach area with either one . I started very gently with the Furminator , since it does n't feel like a regular brush . I 've also made the grooming a `` condition '' of her favorite game -- leaping in the air to catch treats . Three or four treats -- a brushing -- then more treats .
 My furry friend , Ms. Bebe , loves it ; I love it ; works beyond my expectation ! Worth every penny ! Ca n't go wrong with this one !
 works great I can see a change in the amount of hair left in the house in just 2 uses
 This product is amaizing . I have a long haired Calico that used to shed a lot of hair . I really needed a product that could help me with this hair problem and the furminator was my solution . Princess -LRB- my cat -RRB- still sheds hair but not as much as before I purchased the furminator . I would caution in using it too much though . I believe once a week or perhaps once every two weeks is enough . You can really take a lot of inner hair as well as healthy growing hair . So I do a furminator `` treatment '' every two weeks . I do n't want my princess to be hairless either .
 Works great for getting the fur/hair out of long-haired cats . Cuts down on the `` hairball '' problem .
 Wow this thing is amazing ! I brushed out enough hair off my tabby to be able to create a little mouse !! -LRB- Just kidding -RRB- But it did remove a LOT of fur !! Be prepared to vacuum after you use this , particularly after the first time you use it !! This item is amazing ... works great . Highly recommend it .
 My vet recommended this comb to help eliminate shedding and hairballs . It really does the job and my cats love it ! I highly recommend it !
 This is a great tool to lessen the shedding around the house . A little expensive , but worth the cost .
 Furminator Medium De-Shedding Tool - 2.65 `` This is the best , fastest , most-effective cat fur removal tool I have ever used , and I 've had cats for forty years ! If you have cats , you need this tool !
 After 17 years of short haired cats , a starved looking long haired cat decided it was time to leave the streets and move onto my front porch and back deck . A couple of weeks later , she had a name , a clean bill of health and a home -- and I had my first long haired cat . I also had a house full of black and white cat hair . After being told about the FURminator , I ordered the small size -LRB- now marketed with a different color handle as a cat model -RRB- with more than a degree of skepticism . Boy was I wrong . I use this on Gypsy a couple of times a week and it has eliminated the shedding problem . She enjoys being brushed and the amount of undercoat it removes is simply unbelievable . I demonstrated it to a neighbor with a Maine Coon and she immediately ordered one . Even my 15 year old short hair enjoys being brushed and while not as dramatic as the case of the long haired cat , the amount of fur removed is impressive . In both cases , the cat 's coats are left sleek and shiny and they do n't have hairball issues . I would advise people to run a flea comb through their cats coat after using the FURminator just to remove all of the dislodged fur .
 I was sold on the Zoom Groom for all four of my cats til we tried the Furminator on a friend 's recommendation . I thought the cost was a lot -- but there is a guarantee , so figured the Furminator was worth a try.My 18 year old Exotic shorthair , Rambo , loved it and he hates just about everything . -LRB- He earned his name -RRB- He sat still long enough for us to groom a whole cat off of him -- and better yet , he does n't run when one of us picks up the tool.Our thick-coated tabby also liked the furminator . She tolerates grooming fairly well , but her coat just explodes at shedding time . She 'd been recently groomed with the Zoom Groom and still we got a LOT of hair off of her.Now , my two suede coated Siamese do n't care that much for the tool . Heather , who is normally pretty laid back , resisted . We got very little hair off of her -- so the Zoom Groom works for her -- and she likes it , so we 'll stick with it . Same with her brother.Still , the tool is well worth the price if it will help keep our senior cat clean . he does n't care for the hairball remedies and grooming is the only preventative we can use .
 My little kitty has a dense undercoat . I 've tried other brushes on her , but they do n't do much . Just like the picture on the item , this special comb gets to the undercoat and pulls up clouds of fur . It 's not sharp -LRB- although you should n't rake the kitty with it -RRB- . The cat enjoyed it , and I 'm glad that we tried it outside on the porch rather than in the house ... use it somewhere where you can sweep up . Remains to be seen if it reduces shedding as advertised , but I ca n't see what she would have left to shed .
 Our cat does n't like to be FURminated . He wo n't let you touch him if he does n't want to . Based on my statement , you may think that I 'm one of the people who will say that FURminator is a bad product & it does n't work . Not true . I think this brush is one of the best on the market , unfortunately , not every cat likes to be groomed , so I had to learn a couple of tricks to make it work . I hope some of them may be useful for your feline friends.Trick # 1 Try grooming your cat right after it woke up or better yet , start while it is sleeping . It will take some time for him/her to realize & react to their enemy - FURminator . I usually have at least 5 minutes before my cat starts fighting & biting . Trick # 2 Give you cat some treats , place them on the floor & while he/she eats them , groom as there is not tomorrow because you usually have 2-3 minutes max :-RRB- Do n't do it too often , otherwise giving treats will be associated with constant unpleasant activity for them . Trick # 3 -LRB- for indoor cats -RRB- put your cat in front of the window or door , preferably where it can see some action , e.g. flying birds & and start grooming as soon as you notice that your cat puts his hunting instincts above everything else , including FURminator.It sounds like a lot of work , but it 's worth it
 I bought this brush after adopting a long haired cat from the Humane Society . We believe he has some Maine Coon in him as he is huge , has the mane and very thick undercoat but we 're not sure . Anyway , this brush does what it advertises , it picks up alot of the extra fur.HOWEVER ... there are some things to keep in mind when purchasing this : Because of the shape of the tool , the fur can not be held and collected like it could be with a regular brush , it flies everywhere . You do need a brush to pick up that excess fur . Seeing as it is called a deshedding tool and not a brush , this should not be considered a mark against it.Another thing that took me a while to realize is that if held improperly it can definitely hurt the cat . Cats have sensitive skin and the edge on this is sharp enough to hurt if used roughly . I noticed when I held it with the handle up higher than the brush my cat HATED it . When I started holding the handle lower , sort of like a rake instead of a shovel or a broom , he started purring . Now he loves being brushed.It is tempting to just pull and yank and get all that fur up as quickly as possible but by gently raking it , though it may take a little longer , your cat might actually enjoy it.This is just my experience - it may be that some cats have more sensitive skin than others and will never like the furminator.I do believe some mention of the correct way to use this should be included when you buy it which is why I give it 4 instead of 5 stars . It may seem like a simple thing but they do call it a tool and most tools come with instructions .
 If I had n't seen it with my own eyes , I never would 've believed it . Yeah ... I saw the video on the Amazon product page . But I was still skeptical . Then my sister told me that she bought a FURminator for her cats and that it was great . So , I took the chance . Lo and behold , I am totally AMAZED ! When the FURminator arrived , I opened it up and grabbed one of my three cats . After just a couple of strokes with the FURminator , there were gobs of cat hair on the floor . I could n't believe it ! No wonder there was so much cat hair around the house . After FURminating all three cats , I had enough cat hair to make another cat . I 'm hoping regular use of this product will help cut way down on the amount of shedding my cats do around the house . BELIEVE IT !! THE FURMINATOR WORKS AS ADVERTISED !!!!
 I have 2 cats
 For those who say the product is overpriced ... who knows what they paid for it ? I paid $ 34.99 at Petsmart and felt that it was well worth the money . The cost on Amazon makes it a great deal . You can spend $ 15.00 on a brush that does next to nothing . I took it out of the package and began to groom my cat immediately -LRB- medium long coat -RRB- . He LOVED it . He was rolling on his back and laying side to side so I could comb him all over . He never did this with the regular comb . I could make a sweater out of the fur it removed using it the first time and it 's not even shedding season yet ! Just the effort in vacuuming and elimiating hairballs for the cat makes it well worth the cost . It 's funny how those who complain about the cost do n't mention any benefit to their poor kitty ! You just ca n't satisfy some people ...
 I have two Ragdoll cats - long/thick hair . The Furminator was my last resort before taking them down to get shaved . My battle with the hair in my house has been an ongoing issue - daily grooming seemed to make it worse . I came across the FURminator by chance - it was selling for 60.00 . When I arrived home - I checked the price on Amazon and decided to give it a shot since it was basically 40.00 less than the store price . You can not believe the amount of hair that was removed from my cats - immediately they looked better and seemed so much happier with less hair in their digestive system . I can actually cuddle with them without getting a face full of hair . Very easy to use and comfortable for my pets - I highly recommend this product if you want to end the battle between you and your pet 's constant shedding .
 I have two cats with allergy issues-since I have been using this deshedding tool , I have NO allergy issues . This comb is truly God sent . I have SEVERAL DIFFERENT KINDS of deshedding combs-and this one is truly superior . DO NOT GET ANYTHING ELSE BUT FURMINATOR -- BEWARE OF IMITATORSI have NO stock in this company . I have nothing to gain by saying how wonderful it is-other than sing its praises because it IS truly the BEST deshedding comb I have ever used and I HIGHLY recommend it ! Your kitty will love it !! My cats love it !!! I mean it does not shave-it really removed shedding hair . AMAZINGLY HUGE AMOUNTS OF IT with just a few strokes.Of course you do NOT want to use it on the nipple areas or on any open sores . That goes without saying and applies to any deshedding comb .
 OK , for reference , I had a ShedEnder , -LRB- another brand of this type of product -RRB- and the FURminator is a thousand million times better than the ShedEnder -LRB- and I liked my ShedEnder -RRB- before purchasing this product.My cat has medium length hair that is really soft , and had been experiencing hairball problems , even with regular ShedEnder use . Well , with the FURminator , in 5 minutes of use -LRB- after just using the ShedEnder -RRB- , I had about FIVE hands full of fluffy undercoat . Yes , the fur does float all over the place , but that 's because the FURminator does such an awesome job at getting it loose , so just keep a lint roller handy for frequent fur-catching on clothing , or better yet , put your cat on a towel and wipe it down every few strokes or when the undercoat starts building up.I am SO glad that I found this product , and thanks to those who gave such accurate reviews ! There 's no comparison between FURminator and ShedEnder , FURminator wins , no question !! : -RRB-
 I was hesitant that all the hype about the Furminator would turn out to be true , but it is ! We recently adopted a beautiful Maine Coon cat and his long silky coat needs a little help from time to time . The Furminator gets out so much of the underhair , I could probably assemble another cat from it . Seriously . He likes the comb , but every animal will take to it differently . The end result after a good comb out is a beautifully groomed , long and lustrous coat and a happy cat . This thing is amazing . Well worth the excellent price Amazon offers on it . Highly recommended for all pet owners .
 I just received this brush the other day and I got ta say
 We got our first kitten in July . My husband had never wanted a cat because of the shedding issue . As soon as we got her , I bought the furminator and we LOVE it ! Our cat enjoys it and usually falls asleep while I furminate her . -LRB- I do it about every four days and it takes me about 10 minutes -RRB- We do not have a shedding issue in our house and it is supposed to reduce allergens by 80 % -LRB- although I can not swear to that -RRB- . It is easy to use and the amount of hair that is removed is remarkable . I would highly recommend this product for anyone with cats !
 This tool helped me groom my senior cats . As the cats have gotten older , they are no longer able to groom themselves as well as when they were younger . I could brush them and remove the fur without tugging on the skin . They tolerated the deshedding !!
 This brush works great . It seems to get at the undercoat . It 's amazing my cats have any hair left after they are brushed .
 I like this tool much better than other grooming combs and brushes ... my cat loves it - he ALMOST stands still while I am brushing him - he usually wonders around and I have to follow him when I am combing him ! He purrs for this too ! The other day he pawed it off the shelf were I store it - I think he wanted me to use it on him !
 I 've seen this brush in action a few times before and figured it has to work wonders on my cat who loves to vomit everywhere . It indeed has decreased the number of times she vomits , plus there is a ton less shedding . I would recommend this product to anyone with a pet that sheds . I waited 12 years to long to have this product . Get one today !
 I use this on my two DSH cats . It is incredible how much hair comes off with this thing ... and the best part is that it is hair that would otherwise be all over my house . Yes , it makes a total mess when you use it , so you have to be prepared for that , but it really works !
 I love the furminator because it really worked for my furry friends . Two siberian cats . One does not mind me brushing him with the furminator but the other one does not like it . I think it 's because he can feel the edge of the furminator brush , which is kinda sharp . He has slightly shorter hair . Anyway , this help tremendously with eliminating loose hair . But , be aware of one thing . After brushing them , I find the `` furminated '' fur still remain hanging loose and they shed those remains all day long . For me , best thing to do is to `` furminate '' them AND also brush with the regular -LRB- bristle one -RRB- brush to remove the remaining fur afterwards . It does take some time . But as long as the kitties allow me to do , i do n't mind . Good luck !
 Our long hair kitty has tons of trouble with knots in her fur and then she pulls at them and tears her skin . This is a great tool for deshedding and helping to prevent those knots . But , use it with caution . It 's very , very easy to push too hard and hurt the cat .
 We have six cats and all of them loved to be groomed with either a flea comb or a small brush . I was very excited by all the positive reviews regarding the FURminator as a good solution for shedding and hairballs . I read the directions and was super excited to groom our cats . With the exception of our two males all of my cats really disliked being groomed with the FURminator ... so I ran it through my own hair because it must be doing something that irritates them . While obviously not having an `` undercoat '' , I did notice the tool pulling my hair -LRB- it 's obviously not a comb , so I expected something , just not sure what -RRB- and pulling it out or breaking it off -- while it did n't `` hurt '' , it was not like having a brush through your hair . So my cat 's discomfort was probably from the pulling of their undercoat out . My best solution is to keep the grooming sessions short , to hold my cats skin so it was n't pulled as much and to groom lightly -LRB- as stated in the directions -RRB- . My two males really enjoyed it , however , they too after a few minutes politely had enough.The tool takes out tons of hair -- just like all the photos in the gallery ... just be careful not to use too much pressure or get over zealous -- let your cat tell you when enough is enough.I gave the product five stars because it does exactly what it says it will do -- it 's just that some animals are more sensitive to the pulling out of their undercoat then the advertising shows . The directions are clear about warning the user about using too much pressure , which is great .
 I was previously a dog-person , and I had plenty of experience trying shedding tools with my dogs . I had given up hope and after moving on to cats , I assumed I 'd just have to live with the fur-ball tumbleweeds blowing around on my hardwood floors . I bought the furminator after seeing it demonstrated in a pet store . It works wonders on my cats . One loves to be groomed , the other two merely tolerate it , but as soon as the weather turns warm I corner them and go to work getting rid of the winter undercoat . It cuts down hairballs , -LRB- much less cat vomit around the house , -RRB- and I can keep up with the tumbleweeds . Hopefully your cat will be one to like it , but even if they do n't like being groomed , I recommend buying one and doing it anyway - for your sanity , their health and guests ' clothing . -LRB- Why does the white cat show up when people are wearing black , and the black cat show up when people are wearing white ? It 's a conspiracy . -RRB-
 The FURminator really does the job on cat grooming and removing hair . Just be sure you do n't brush too hard as this gets the under coat and could be very uncomfortable if used too aggressively . Best grooming product I have found of this type , and well worth the price .
 I have two cats - one with short hair and the other with medium to long hair . We also have hardwoods throughout the main living area of the house and cat hair just floats EVERYWHERE . The final piece that convinced us to do something about the floating hair is a baby who will be crawling soon and I `` m sure trying to eat the cute floating tufts of cat hair.Enter the FURminator . It 's made quite a difference , and my cats love it . One of the cats does n't even like to be petted , but will tolerate the furminator . We 've only used it for about a week so I 'm not 100 % sure of its overall effectiveness , but I do know that when I pet the cats hair no longer flies off them as it once did.Sure , it 's much more expensive than your typical cat brush , but in just three combings the FURminator pulls more hair off than with 30 minutes of combing with a traditional cat brush . You 'd be a fool not to get one .
 This thing is unbelievable . We have two long haired cats , and have never seen anything that worked like this . And to top it off , they love the thing , they roll around and purr , even turn up their belly to de-fur . This is probably the best pet tool I 've ever seen after 25 years of long haired dogs & cats .
 I have a medium hair cat who does n't shed all that much . I bought this product thinking I 'll help remove some of that under coat . W-O-W ! It removed so much fur I did n't know was `` hanging '' around . My cat also is in LOVE with the brush . It 's like a treat to her when I brush her and I love to do so . This product truly does as it 's supposed to . Her coat is now always sleek and shiny . I am buying more for my mother and one larger one for the dog ! I ca n't get enough of this product ! You wo n't be sorry .
 Purchased the Furminator deshedder for cats through Amazon.com ... I received it promptly and it is the greatest thing !!! I bought it for use on my oldest , long haired cat and it worked wonders ... I tried it out on my short haired cats , and was amazed at the amount of hair that I was able to remove from them all ... they look great and hopefully this will help in the hair ball situations ... I am very pleased with the product and the service from this company ... Linda Masar
 Great product . Works great . Would recommend it to anyone . Fast service . Would do business again . A + + + + + + + + + + + +
 The FURminator REALLY does work ! My cat has medium hair that often becomes matted and this brush has really done the trick . She has n't gotten used to being brushed often quite yet but some day she will get the hang of it ! It really does work !
 We comb our cats fairly often , so I did n't think I 'd get much fur in the `` FURminator '' . Was I ever wrong . It was amazing - piles and piles of fur that would have ended up on the sofa and every other place they choose to roam.At first I balked at the price , but it was worth it and more . How nice to buy a product that does what it 's supposed to !
 Very effective , cleans nearly all loose hair on cat . However , this must be done once every day or two to be effective . The only weakness of the product is the fact it is made of steel . On the one hand this insures that the product is durable but one must be careful when using on pets that are `` sensitive '' . A comb made of plastic could have remedied this but the product would become , as a result , less durable .
 I was skepitical when I saw this . But I have to say that it really does work . I have a long haired cat . I used this for several minutes and I never stopped getting hair from my cat . It seems to work like thining sizzors.I wondered if I kept using this on my cat in one sitting , if he would eventually be bald . I cant say that all the sheding has stopped , but perhaps I dont use it as often as I should.A wonderful product that I would certainly recommend .
 This tool is AMAZING . First you have to brush your cat with your old brush until you 're certain you 've gotten all the loose fur off . THEN you use the Furminator and your mind gets blown . WHERE does all this fur come from ?!?! My cat , despite being a longhair , rarely sheds , but the huge honking handfuls of fur that come out with the Furminator are amazing . It gets her super-soft and shiny . You can not beat this marvelous brush .
 This is a great tool to use on both dogs and cats . Great price ! PetSmart price is almost double that of Amazon !
 Works extremely well on my long haired Cat . He does n't much care for it but it thins his hair in minutes . Cat still vomits once in a while but overall , I have seen vast improvement !! Would recommend ...
 I bought these for my daughter and mom to use on their cats . The Furminator is the best tool ever for removing hair from both long and short hair cats as well as dogs . We have boxers and it is n't often you find something to remove that short , short hair , but this is it . You will be amazed at how well it works .
 This is an excellent tool . If you use it on the cat every week , it 's unbelieveable how much hair you remove from the cat 's uncoat . After doing this , the amount of hair left around the house is reduced dramatically . I would recommend this product for anyone who has an indoor cat . It works great on short & long hair cats .
 I was n't sure if this was going to work . I have a Maine Coon cat and she gets clumps of hair on her legs and bottom and does n't like to be brushed for very long . This works and does n't hurt her . I still have to move quickly , but it is helping to thin out the areas that are matted .
 After reading all the positive reviews , I decided to purchase one of these . `` Holy Smokes ! '' Using hardly any pressure at all , I was shocked at how much hair came off my cat ! It comes loose in puffs , and in my opinion , having a second person assist with collecting hair is really best . My cats are never happy being held in place , so I did n't notice any change there . Afterward , however , my cats were running around crazy , and rolling all over my carpeted floors ! The deshedding of all that hair must have felt good to them?Anyway , no regrets in buying it . Fantastic product !
 I was pretty dubious when I got this as a retirement gift for my boss . She absolutely loved it -LRB- she meaning the cat and her human -RRB- . I got one for myself and discovered the long hair cat is not too wild about the Furminator , but the short hair one likes it a lot . I also get a lot more fur off of the short hair cat with the Furminator . I suspect the long hair has such long fine overcoat hair that it simply does n't reach the undercoat . The amount of fur I got off the short hair is amazing . And the difference it makes in how often I have to vacuum is wonderful !
 Hey . . go figure , it actually lives up as advertized . I use it on my Himalayan kitty . It removes an amazing ammount of fluff . This kitty is normally shy and skiddish , but he LOVES being brushed by this gizmo . I also follow each stroke immediately with a normal coat slicker -LRB- the kind with the little metal pins -RRB- This smooths the fur and cathes up any lose hairs .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . She -LRB- we -RRB- have three cats . In the past she would brush them everyday with an old hair brush . She saw a commercial about the FURminator and wanted one . This thing WORKS ! Christmas day she brushed all three and you would not believe the fur that came out . And this is from cats that were brushed every day . The kitties feel softer now and they seem to enjoy being brushed by this thing every bit as much as the hair brushes .
 Got hairballs ? No , not you ! Your cat!This is a great little product that does exactly what it says it does ~ removes a lot of the undercoat , leaving your kitty with a much silkier coat and less hairballs ! This is the only brush that my 2 short-haired cats have responded to without clawing or biting . : -RRB- I highly recommend this product , as long as you use it carefully as the instructions recommend .
 Works fantastically at controlling shedding ... really important since I have four cats ! I use the dog models on my border collie/terrier mix and yellow lab and they also have helped .
 I just used the small purple FURminator deShedding tool on my cat , Tinkerbell . I must admit I was skeptical upon purchasing it but my mother and uncle told me I HAD to have it . I was absolutely AMAZED by how much fur came off with every stroke - literally mounds and mounds of undercoat that I had no IDEA were even there ! My cat also LOVED it - she was purring like CRAZY and kept coming back for more ! If you are not sure about spending the $ 30 for this product - TRUST ME - it is worth it ! I can not wait to do it again later and see how much MORE comes off of her . Better in the garbage than on the BED ! BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I was skeptical about this comb when I 1st saw it as I thought it sounded too good to be true , but after using it for one week , I am now convinced that this is one of the best and most efficient deshedding tools on the market . My cat is a short hair with a thick undercoat , this tool has been a blessing ! We have accelerated the shedding process and gotten off at least 40 % more of her coat at this point . We anticipate that this will cut down on her hair balls and make everyone happier !
 I started furminating 3 days ago . The cat that hated to be brushed but loved to be petted rolls over for this so all sides get done ... purring thewhole time . Both the boys let me use it on their tails ... never toleratedthat before ! Only brush that has gotten hair off the short haired one - now takes 20 seconds to get more than a week of brushing with the slicker brush .
 I have 3 cats and lots of fur flying about . I have purchased lots of combs and brushes to keep the fur in check , but none have done the job as well as the Furminator . With little or no effort the fur just comes out in bunches . Apparently it feels good to my cats because they dont try to run away when they see this brush . They actually sit still till I 'm done.Worth the price !
 FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for CatsThis is a GREAT product !!! The best I 've ever used and my two cats LOVE it .
 The FURminator is great for all involved . Our cat loves to be brushed with it , she seems to choke up fewer hairballs since we started using it , and it makes her coat much softer . I love it because it removes a good deal of loose hair that does n't end up scattered about our apartment .
 My kitty , Dino , a shorthaired tabby , had several small mats develop over her back . She is not one to enjoy being cuddled or brushed . When she went to the vet for her sniffles , the vet showed me a larger Furminator that one of her technicians had brought to the office to show her . I lightly combed it over Dino 's coat and she did not seem to mind too much as it gently pulled the matted fur right off . I bought the narrower version for cats . Have used it on my kitties and am amazed at how much loose hair it takes off . Would not recommend it for a longhaired cat though . No more mats at our house .
 This product really works . Made a huge difference on my multi-length coated cat -LRB- who comes running when he hears the drawer containing the FURminator open -RRB- and very effective even on my short haired one . A wonderful tool to enhance their health and beauty . Highly recommended .
 This tool removes a ton of fur . My kitty is only a short to medium hair cat . This helps him stay cooler in the summer and gets the bulk out of his heavy fur .
 This tool removes a ton of fur . My kitty is only a short to medium hair cat . This helps him stay cooler in the summer and gets the bulk out of his heavy fur .
 I was surprised at all the hair that this comb was getting off my cats . I love it !
 We just received this and our cats love it ! They usually only let us brush them with a regular brush for a very short time , so we were skeptical about this product . When we tried it on them they stayed in one spot and let us give them a great brushing . And the amount of hair it brushed away was amazing ! I would recommend this product !
 It is amazing how much hair this thing cat pull off of a cat . Keep in mind though , that it takes a LOT of brushing to get the job done . It is not a quick job and you are done .
 Basically it does what it says it does , which few products do . You do n't get that huge lump of hair with each stroke like in the video -LRB- at least not with our cats -RRB- , but you do get a good amount . Our cats love it and it does reduce shedding and sneezing .
 The Furminator is deshedding tool that is amazing . This is a blade , so be careful when combing your pet . It works so well , our lives will be a little less hairy .
 the furminator deshedding tool is an alright product does not get knots out of my long haired cat but it does leave most of of his coat beautiful
 TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.I RECENTLY PURCHASED THE `` FURMINATOR ' I CHOSE THE GROOMING BRUSH SPECIFICALLY FOR CATS . WONDERFUL , EXCELLENT ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I 'VE MADE . MY CATS LOVE IT AND IT CERTAINLY DOES LIVE UP TO ALL THE PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISING . REALLY GREAT PRODUCT.SINCERELY , MARGE KOSCIELAK
 Does a great job at getting the hair out , too expensive for what it is though .
 These are the best cat combs ever invented . The first day you have it you will comb grocery sacks full of hair from your cat -LRB- s -RRB- . No cat home should be without one !
 THE FURMINATOR WORKS AS PROMISED . IT DOES AN INCREDIBLE JOB OF THINNING OUR CATS FUR . BRUSHING DOES NOT EVEN COME CLOSE TO REMOVING THE AMOUNT OF FUR THE FURMINATOR REMOVES .
 Works great to remove deeply buried loose hair . With 5 cats , there is now less furr balls flying around and less hair balls being vomited .
 I recently purchased the FURminator for my 4 persians who shed so bad in the summer . I had never heard of it before visiting Catster , but it got rave reviews on their site so i decided to just buy it , the least it can do is not work , right ? So i tested it on my short haired persian first and WOW , i was just amazed at the ammount of undercoat he had and i had not noticed it all these years ! I had quite the pile up of cat hair by the time i was done with them all ! My cats loved it and begged to be furminated longer but it states to not go over their furs in the same place for too long because it could agitate their skin and make them sore . We got the small blue one , it is great for cats or dogs and is just the right size for us . Im so glad i went ahead and bought this through Amazon , i seriously do not know why i waited so long ! You will not be disappointed !
 Short & sweet - this does the job . We have a shorthair cat and I thought this would n't do much , but I got a lot of hair off of him . Be careful to not overdo it , as it can probably irritate the skin if done too often . Be gentle and remove the hair out of the blade after each stroke . I was going to get the knock-off but decided to go for the real thing and I 'm very satisfied with the results . This should cut back on the hair on our clothes and on the hairballs in the tummy ! Tom likes it !
 I bought this a month ago -- I normally get my cat shaved right before the summer but it costs $ 75 . Was n't sure if they would like this they LOVE to be brushed with it and it really does remove alot of their hair ! My short haired cat loves it too ! I would recommend using the brush on carpet because of all of the hair comes off the cat and the brush -- makes for easier clean up than if you did it on hard wood floors . Much cheaper on Amazon than in the pet store ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 Like many other reviews , I have nothing but good things to say about this device . A friend of mine recommmended it and I bought one with some reservation . I have a small , short-haired cat and did not think much would come off of her . Boy was I wrong . After about 20 minutes I had enough hair that , if scrunched together , could make a baseball . And , even as skittish as she can be , she did not mind it at all . I held the comb in one hand and stroked her with my other hand . Comb . Stroke . Comb . Stroke ... and so on . When I saw how much hair is now not coming into my house I am a complete convert to this device !
 This deshedding tool is way more effective than my last fur brush . Maybe it 's just tugging fur out of my cats , but it removes at least ten times the volume of a typical fur brush.Also , I have found that running this lightly over jeans will pick up stray furs after a deshedding session .
 Jellybean , who has very long fur and a seriously thick undercoat , highly recommends the Furminator and so do I ! Jelly hates to be brushed and brushing was always a tramatic event for both of us , so she usually gets a lion cut every year . However , with the Furminator we 've been able to get her undercoat under control without Jelly protesting too much . Our first Furminator session produced a grocery bag full of fur before Jelly began to tire of the ordeal and I had no scratches and that is a first . She now has no mats , her fur feels and looks great so we will forego the lion cut this year . The Furminator also works well on my short haired cats . Over the years we 've tried many different combs and brushes but now we will just use the Furminator , and a pin brush for finishing touches .
 This product is great . Just read the other reviews . Used it yesterday on my longhair cat and she loved it . I started inside but after a couple of brushes I realized I better move outside . There was soo much hair . I am not sure how that thing works . I tried it on myself first and it did n't hurt . Cat loved it . Unbelievable how much hair I got of her . I finally was able to pet her without having hair stuck to my hands or on my couch . I ca n't wait to uses it on my Maine Coon . Too bad I did n't find this product sooner .
 I bought this after hearing good things about the dog comb and also reading the reviews . After 10 minutes of brushing my short haired cat I had a huge pile of hair and an excessively happy cat . He was so happy he was drooling ! He has never done that with his regular brush so I know he was loving it .
 I bought this one for my 2 cats , along with an additional dog furminator for 2 Norwegian Elkhounds and we love , love , love these combs !! A must have for all pet owners ! My suggestion is to brush them outside if you can , because the amount of fur that is removed is remarkable !! And after a few uses , no more hair balls in the cats tummies and a lot less on my hard wood floors too .
 The Furminator pretty much functions as advertised . It 's more useful for long-haired than short-haired cats , and probably would have worked wonderfully on my old Scottish Fold , Pugsley , who had a thick wooly undercoat that matted terribly . The comb somehow pulls out the ultra-long underfur on my domestic long hair and works really well on fluffy tails . The only thing I do n't care for is the weight , which makes it easy to apply too much pressure to the cat while combing .
 We had struggled over a period of months , combing our cat daily and continuing to pick up hair on furniture and clothing . In utter frustration I ordered the FURminator deShedding Tool after reading a positive report on this product in the AARP Magainze . This amazing product has changed our lives . We can enjoy our cat now without hair flying every time we touch her . The first time I used the tool it was as if we were shaving the cat . I collected what seemed like more hair than the cat had on her body , even though I had been combing her daily with a regular comb . Our cat 's coat looked healthier immediately.Our cat loves being combed and although it took her a day or two to adjust to the change she enjoys being combed with the Furminator now and purrs her way through each combing . What an absolutely Amazing Product !! Thank you ------------ whoever created it .
 Skeptical , I put this on the wish list for several months . Then , realizing that the house guest for Christmas was really allergic to cats , I ordered it . Put off vacuuming until it arrived . Wow - did it work . You do have to be gentle , especially until you get the hang of it , as tummies are delicate . For the second four legged dust ball making critter , I combed her first with the usual device . Then , used the furminator . And , once again , I was totally wowed by the effectiveness of the tool . That was December 23rd , and it 's now the 12th of January , and they still are not shedding when I pet them ! Of course , it 's winter , but one of the girls is an all year shedder ! I think it 's worth any price , frankly , as it has to be healthier for them , and us , to reduce the presence of loose hair in the house !
 This thing really does take a lot of fur off of my cat . She loves it and will sit for me as long as it takes for me to finish . I tried using it on my small dog as well and he has such sensitive skin he cries when I use it on him . So if your animal has sensitive skin I would n't recommend buying this . But otherwise , it is n't a bad tool .
 I saw the online ad for this product and was a tad skeptical of getting it , but I decided to give it a chance since nothing was very effective on my domestic short haired cat . She hated all the brushes I ever used and I felt like I was hurting her with those needle-like brushes . On top , none ever really removed any hairs.The FURminator is a dream ! It does n't hurt the cat and really deSheds . The first time I used the brush , I took of a baseball-sized chunk of fur that did n't end up on me or the furniture!I definitely recommend this to anyone looking to see some real results .
 I have tried many cat combs and brushes over the years , and I must say I am impressed by the Furminator . I have three cats with different coats -LRB- short and dense , long and thick , and long and fine -RRB- and the Furminator works well on all of them , removing clouds of hair . My cats tolerate combing with the Furminator quite well , I think because it does n't pull or scrape their skin . I think the Furminator is a keeper !
 no batteries , no electricity ... just a plain old metal brush on a strong plastic handle ... . short little brushes through my cats hair removed LOTS and LOTS of hair ... cat looked better , felt better and was much happier.buy it here . pet stores sell for almost $ 50 !!! crazy ... dont pay more than $ 15 . its great ... i definitely recommend .
 I have used this brush on my cats a couple times now . The furminator brush is good at grooming the top layer of fur . Since my cats have thick fuzzy fur , I still need another brush for their undercoat .
 I 've used this on both of our cats and easily extracted enough fur to make a few more . : -RRB- Great product and , although neither of our cats loves it , one of them puts up with it .
 This comb rakes out the undercoat and generally makes your cats shed less , and works pretty much exactly as advertised . In a word of advice , make sure to either use the FURminator outside or when you 're going to vacuum anyway since it produces a lot of hair , and if it 's not cleaned up quickly , cats can become interested in it , which leads to hairballs . I 've noticed that it 's most efficient when used after my cats have dried out from a bath.Despite what other reviews may indicate , if your cat does n't like being groomed with other brushes , they 're probably not going to like being groomed with this one . Also , it may be a good idea to wear glasses or something else to keep the fur out of your eyes since small bits of it will invariably float up around you . But if you can deal with the minor annoyances , you 'll be much better off for using this .
 I bought this for my two cats ; one is long haird the other short haired . It works like a charm . You would be amazed at how much dead undercoat hair comes off of even a well groomed animal . My long haired cat is prone to tangles , the furminator should eliminate the problem at the source .
 Some things are worth the money . This is one of them . I have 4 cats all w / different hair textures . This comb works wonders on all of them from short hair to long hair , coarse to fine . Splurge and you 'll not regret it .
 I have 2 long hair cats and 1 short hair . They really really shed alot . I used this on them immediately and see alot less cat hair flying around . Great product . The short hair does n't like it much but the other two are fine with it .
 Removes a lot of hair and cat loves it ! Makes a mess while doing it but I just make sure to time the brushing for vacuum days
 Works great . The only suggestion I would make is that , for cats one does not need the claw handle . Using it is awkward . A comb handle would be more comfortable for me and for the cats . A comb handle would allow an easy access to neck areas etc. .
 My cats love to be brushed with this tool . The amount of hair removed is amazing ! Make sure you are outside or in an easy to vacuum area when you use it because of the amount of hair removed . Works great on both long-haired and short-haired cats .
 I own a long-haired cat and have tried many brushes and combs . My cat usually winces and tries to run no matter how careful I try to be . I came across the Furminator , was a little skeptical at first , but bought it based on the reviews and research . It is by far the best brush I 've used . It takes off many times the amount of hair that the other brushes and combs do . My cat 's wincing has also decreased .
 Does a great job . Takes out all loose hair from undercoat as well as topcoat . Since using it , no hairballs and she likes being groomed with it . A Plus ! Only complaint , It 's expensive ! But worth it !
 My 3 cats love this fine-tooth comb over the wire brush . It must feel really good to get rid of their undercoat this time of year . Its a great product !
 I heard this tool was good but it 's beyond that . It 's awesome . The hair that comes off my cat could stuff a small pillow , and he is n't even shedding yet . He even likes to be brushed now . It must feel good to him to get all that hair off , that the other cat brushes leave behind . I was so impressed with this tool that I took it over to my neighbor , that has 2 cats . I started brushing one of the cats and she was sold . The cat even loved it . No more hassel . She 's ordering not only one for her cats but several tools to give as gifts to her friends . Do n't wait just try it and you 'll like it .
 This works wonders , seriously ! It took so much hair off my cat , so she sheds way less ! Which means less vaccuming for me !
 We are a 2 cat household and deal with lots of cat hair . Tried lots of other combs , gloves , etc. but none of those seemed to really remove all the loose hair . A relative showed me this product and swore her cat loved to be brushed with it . She was right !! This product removes lots of hair including the undercoat . Sit near a trashcan cuz you 'll be removing gobs of hair after a few strokes . And my cat jumps in my lap wanting to be brushed when he sees me take the brush out . Great product for long or short hair cats .
 This is my second one . I do n't know what happened to the first one but we ca n't go without.It pulls hair from the undercoat where normal brushes do n't . My cats love it , so do I. No more tumble weed furballs rolling across my floor .
 My cat is the sheddiest shedder I have ever come across . I had a lot of people recommend this to me so I decided to buy it . Thank goodness I did because now I rarely see a furball floating across the floor in a light breeze . I brush him every other day and he absolutely adores it . I would not recommend this for people whose cats have shorter hair . It 's only good for cats with hair that is medium or longer .
 This gets cat hair better than other tools I have used . The only thing is my cat will not stay still long enought to get the job done . We can do little bits at a time and it comes off very well . My daughter has one for a long haired cat and it just comes off in bundles from her cat . Excellent tool .
 This works amazing . The amount of hair it took off of our cats astounds everyone . They really like it and I do it outside as it is difficult to grab all the hair in your hand . I was afraid at first that it was cutting their hair off so I tried it on my hair and it did not remove anything . Not sure how it works but it only removes the dead hair.Would I buy it again and recommend it to others
 I really like this product ! It gets a lot of hair off of our cats . I just wish my kitties would cooperate and sit still for me !
 I have two cats , one of them loves being deshedding but the other can only take about 3 minutes of it , I dont know why , I try to be very gentle . Regardless this thing does the job and it amazingly fast compared to other products that I have tried .
 This brush removes more hair than any other brush I have had . I try to only use it once or twice a month though because it has the tendency to make my cat 's hair not as soft . Perfect for shedding season though .
 I have three Maine Coons , that are brushed every other day because of them shedding so much , then I bought this brush , it 's amazing how much hair came off them using it for the first time . They now get brushed on a weekly basis , and I do n't have to vacuum rugs and furniture every day because of them shedding so much . I highly recommend this brush , it really works !
 For all those who have already developed an irrevocable bond with their fur ball of a pet , this tool is for you . I preface my review that way because my two cats shed so much , I was becoming hopeless for a normal life - EVERYTHING in my apartment is covered in fur . This tool saved my life . The extremely fine toothed comb not only removes the loose fur on the surface of your pet 's coat , but the fur from their undercoat as well , the fur that is going to fall out eventually . I was a little startled by its price but it is definitely a wise investment - the Furminator eliminates the need for any other grooming tool .
 See all other positive reviews . The FURminator is awesome . I have a medium-haired cat and I can not believe how much hair came off with this thing ! He 's a big guy anyway , but he certainly looked thinner when I was done ! He has a thick undercoat , which this helped pare down a little . I noticed that after I brush him with this , he leaves a lot less fur behind in any place he plops down . I find that I am having to vacuum or use rollers less on the furniture . This thing is great , though I wonder how it would be for long-haired cats . You would have to make sure you are gentle so you do n't pull too hard . I would not recommend for any cat or dog breeds that have kinky or curly hair .
 While this device does work well with two of our cats it remains somewhat of a problem with the third who still bites after about three minutes of its use . However , during those three minutes it gets a bushel of undercoat out of him , which is more than can be said for the previous combs and brushes we 've tried .
 Product arrived promptly and without any issues . Works great . Ca n't believe I put up with cat hair for as long as I did . . I 'll have a FURminator from now on !
 We have 2 indoor cats 1 is long haired the other short I was so tired of cleaning cat hair off of everything furniture , bedding I even had to carry lint rollers in the cars so when I went to work I did n't have pet hair on my clothes . The first time that I used it on our long haired cat you would of thought we completely shaved him and even more amazing was how much hair came off our short haired cat . I know I 'm much happier now that I do n't have to vacuum as soon as I walk in the house . I would recommend this product highly .
 Before purchasing this item I read numerous reviews . They were all good and I have to agree . Nothing works as well to get that pesky underhair , and no amount of brushing with a regular brush makes the fur as soft and beautiful . If used with care , our four cats will tolerate it in varying degrees . Even the most difficult of the four will let me use it enough to make a big difference in his coat . I am very glad I bought it .
 This is a fabulous cat brush . I ca n't believe how much dander it removed from my cats - and they did n't shed for a few weeks after they were brushed . I have larger cats , so I wish that I had purchased the larger brush but other than that I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 The Furminator deshedding tool for cats does the job . We have two cats and they love being groomed with the furminator . It does an exceptional job on our long-haired cat and his coat is beautiful and shiny . Great price at Amazon .
 This is a WONDERFUL product.By the time I get done using this on my cat , I have another whole cat in fur.My cat loves it too !
 I bought this for my cats , it works wonders ! The cats did look a little skinnier without all that extra hair , but there was very little hair on my furniture after that . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This product has been reviewed so many times but I must put in my `` two cents worth '' . It is truly the most amazing grooming tool I have ever used on a cat -LRB- or dog -RRB- . I have had several cats and tried many different products to free them of some of that fur but nothing has worked anything like the FURminator deShedding Tool . If you watched the video and had doubts anything could work that good , you are in for a pleasant surprise . The most difficult cat for me to groom has been my tabby . He is overweight -LRB- 23 lbs . -RRB- so that is a lot of cat to comb out . After a short grooming session , my `` fat '' cat looked at least 5 lbs . thinner . I knew all that underneath hair was there but had come to the conclusion there was no way to get to it . He did n't like it very much at first but now he seems to love it . He looks like a totally different cat . I could go on and on about the benefits of getting rid of that extra fur but I know if you try it , you will be as pleased as I have been with this magnificent tool .
 This thing removes TONS of undercoat . A huge , heaping handful of undercoat the first and second day I used it . Just make sure to space it out and not try to do too much all at once . My cat loves it , she even rubs her face up against it when I hold it out .
 One of my cats is hairball prone and not fond of grooming -- a tough combo . My sister uses a furminator for her dog , and I looked up , and there is one for cats . Its easy to use , removes a lot of hair , and does n't seem uncomfortable for the cat , as some of the other grooming brushes are . I can get a lot of shed removed very quickly and easily -- good for all parties involved .
 My husband talked me into trying this and it is worth every penny . I ca n't believe how much less my four cats shed now that we 're furminating them ! Less hairballs , less vacumning and no matted fur to deal with during the heavy shedding months . Love it.When my review posted it is listed under the item with an outrageous price of $ 164 !!! I only paid $ 23 for mine . Look further on the site for cheaper ones .
 The FURminator deShedding Tool is great . Received it in no time and my Kitties are of mixed feelings about it . One is a long hair and one a medium hair ! I have to do it a little at a time but it really works well and the shedding is better around my house !
 I have two shorthaired cats , both rescued , and they have never been terribly enthused about the whole brusing process so it has always been a chore for me and a trial for them . Like some of the other reviewers , I have a drawer full of different brushes/combs/grooming mitts I 've tried over the years with mixed results . Then I bought the FURminator . Tried it for the first time this morning . I thought aliens had done personality transplants on my cats . Not only did the product do exactly what it advertised -LRB- I did n't know my cats had that much hair to lose without going bald -RRB- , but both of them loved the experience . No biting , no clawing , no escape attempts . They even did the belly roll and let me do their tummys , tails and legs without a fuss . I can not believe how well it worked and how readily they accepted it . I also agree with the reviewer that recommended using this tool in an area that is easy to clean afterwards , the amount of hair removed is impressive .
 I have a pile of brushes that did n't meet my expectations , but this one actually does what it says it does . I have two shorthaired cats . - It works perfectly with the first one . I follow her around and brush her -LRB- I know it 's silly -RRB- , so as to not make her dislike being brushed and she seems to have taken to it just fine . The other 's hair is a little more coarse and the brush does n't seem to go through her fur quite as smoothly , but we do n't have too much of a hair problem with her and the brush still works really well . I definitely recommend this buy .
 the furminator works great ! it has definitly reduced the amount of cat hair I have to lint roll of my shirts . just be carefull not to comb in the same area on your pet too much . make sure you are getting your pets whole coat .
 The furminator works great . My cat does n't try to run away . She actually rolls on her back so I can get her tummy . It removes tons of hair without pulling or causing painFURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Cats .
 I tried many different products but furminator is absolutely the best . I have three different kinds of cats-one being Persian . Furminator worked well on all three cats including the short hair one . You 'll be amazed
 I made sure to do my research first when I bought this item so I didnt end up like those upset and frustrated people who left the one and two star responses . Making sure that this was the proper product for the proper animal -LRB- ASH Cat with a really thick undercoat . . -RRB- I introduced the FURminator to my shedding fuzzball feline ... and it was a hit ! Lots of purrs and she even tries to nuzzle and rub against it , she loves it so much ! The FURminator works much , much better than the last few brushes and grooming tools I bought to help control the fur shedding * everywhere * . This is one of those things that you really need to research and check into to see if your pet would benefit from this . Not all dogs and cats have the kind of fur that would make this tool appropriate , but for the ones who do , this is a magnificent and very useful invention !
 Our Norwegian Forest Cat was a shedding machine with major hairball issues until I got the FURminator . It 's sooo much better now . Less hair loose in the home and less hairballs for him to throw up . He really enjoys being FURminated , too . My other cat , who never enjoyed grooming , tolerates brief sessions , but even she enjoys having her neck and head groomed . It really is a miracle tool . Just have a garbage bag , a Swiffer , and a lint roller ready , because the fur will fly !
 FURminator truly works as expected . My cats no longer leave their fur on my furniture , and carpet , nor do they leave dust bunnies in the room corners . Thanks for an excellent product .
 Not only does this help de-shed like nothing else , but my cat absolutely loves it !!! When she sees it in my hand she runs right up to me , then she starts rubbing on it , and purring , and licking and kneading me , etc. . It was well worth the money to keep kitty so happy !
 Cat is not too crazy about it , as she is with all my grooming tools , but it sure did get mountains of fur off her before she leaves it all over the house.Lots less fur in my computer chair and on my pants now .
 It is insane how much hair I got off my cat the first time I used this ; scary in fact . What else to say , other than it works !
 I had someone recommend this product to me and it is amazing !!! This is by far the best deshedder ever ... a must have .
 I have had many cats and many combs and de-shedding tools over the years and nothing comes even close to the Furminator . It is a miracle ! I do n't know what it is about the design , but the hair it gets off of my cats is astounding . And I do n't have any long haired cats ! Just an amazing , amazing product and SO worth the money . This time of year when they are shedding their winter coats I am so glad I have one - otherwise we 'd be swimming in cat hair -LRB- four cats , indoor only -RRB- . A huge thank you to the inventor !
 I have 2 cats . . a Tabby and a Calico . . most combs work well on the Tabby but the Calico has very fine hair and this is the first comb that worked on her and i have bought so many ... it really works well on my Tabby as well . . i think i have combed an entire whole cat out of him !!! i think it also helps with my Calico 's fur ball situation ... got to get this and you will throw away any other comb or brush you own ... this is the best !!!!
 My cat has long fur and sheds alot . The FURminator does a great job of thinning his coat and he actually likes to be brushed with it .
 This is a great deshedding tool and my cats love to get comb with it . I would highly recommend this .
 Smokey is 12 years old , and shedding has always been a problem for her . She 's one of those cats with more fur and hair than muscle , and every time you touched her , fur flew in all directions . You could n't walk into a room containing her without the floating , fine , kinky fur tickling your nose . I was moderately skeptical when I received the Furminator . I mean , honestly ! How would this tiny almost sharp ... COMB get out fur ? I assumed it was like a thinner for cats , no WAY would this reach the ` undercoat ' let alone brush her on top . I brushed her . I wound up with a fur ball the size of her . She turned around and hit me with her tail once and there was so much fur coming off of her I 'm sure I looked like Cousin It ! I pressed too hard once or twice so she chirped at me , but I 'm not even done brushing her yet and she does n't coat the room in fur when you touch her anymore.I 'm very pleased with the Furminator and will be buying another for my father 's long haired kitten .
 This thing really works . I used it on my two cats as soon as I got it . I can actually pet my cats without getting a handful of hair . I have the feeling I wo n't be dealing with as many hairballs or dust bunnies .
 This thing really works . I used it on my two cats as soon as I got it . I can actually pet my cats without getting a handful of hair . I have the feeling I wo n't be dealing with as many hairballs or dust bunnies .
 As advertised ! Works fantastic on my mink-like cats . They love it too . Probably dropped a lb . in hair weight immediately .
 My husband and I have three cats , and are constantly strugling to brush them . The furminator was easier to use then a regular brush and got alot of the lose undercoat removed . I was shocked to see a furball the size of my cat when I was finished . The cats get less hairballs now , too .
 it really works as advertised - we were skeptical because we bought one at a brick and morter and it did not work well . this one pulled out a cat 's worth of fur from one and half a cat from another . this is the best size for cats .
 This tool is great . It really does remove a lot of loose fur . The best part is my cats do n't seem to mind . I would recommend it .
 1-3/4 inch FURminator works very good . It takes out so much hair you need to vacum afterwards . Have a trash can close by to put the balls , clumps , whads , or whatever you call the fur you take off the comb .
 Furminator does pull out lots of the undercoat . Kitty did not mind for awhile but she has to be `` in the mood '' since this is not a product that you use very light pressure -LRB- like a baby brush -RRB- but works better with a firm but not digging pressure . I try to repeat every fourth or fifth day since I was trying to keep the allergy thing from occurring while we found this homeless kitty a home . Sometimes she preferred me to do it while she was standing up . Did not try on underside of kitty since skin is more sensitive there .
 We have two cats and they must like the way this comb feels and the way it leaves them feeling ... they sit still for this and purrr . It works as advertised ... removing loose hair and thinning out the coat . -LRB- Also ; it removes tangled `` stick-tights '' and other seed pods with ease and no pain for kitty ! -RRB-
 My husband against my better judgment went out and bought a furminator -LRB- may not have been this exact model -RRB- for our cats based on a glowing recommendation some friends of ours had made . I COULD NOT BELIEVE how much fur came out of these cats !!!!! And it just kept coming and coming ... our cats are n't absolutely in love with it but they tolerate it enough for us to brush them . I do n't always use the furminator as it does remove quite a bit of fur ... I can see where extensive usage could cause a bald spot . That said , okay people who 've brushed their cats bald , WAKE UP !!! Would you continue to brush your child 's hair until there were large bald spots on his/her head ? Of course you would n't . With a little attention , you really should n't be having this sort of issue . I noticed the fur on my cat 's nape was starting to get a little on the thin side so I stopped using the furminator until it grew back . I also keep my old brush on hand for the inbetween furminator uses . My cats love the softer bristles and seem to enjoy the occasional light grooming . Where this is really going to pay off is next spring when they start shedding their winter coats . My medium-haired kitty shed so much last spring I finally broked down one morning and trimmed the poor dear . It will be great not to worry about this next season - and I 'm sure my kitty will appreciate it as well ! As for hairballs , I 've not seen a single one since we started using the furminator - another blessing in disguise ! I do n't mind the occasional hairball but really do n't like waking up with them neatly placed next to me in bed under the sheets . Ahhh - the gifts our pets leave us ! Long story longer , I can vouch for the authenticity of the pics submitted above by the users - not so much the pictures themselves but the amount of fur they release . Have no doubt in your mind as to the amount of fur you 'll remove from your pet with this uber-fabulous tool ! I do n't often effervesce over products - just the ones I positively and whole-heartedly endorse .
 This tool is amazing . It removes the loose hair more quickly than regular combs or brushes .
 This brush gets so much hair off of my cats ! My cats shed a lot , and this brush helps with that problem . It works great !
 I am absolutely pleased with this item !! I was a little skeptical at first since it was so cheap compared to other sites and pet stores , but I give this item 100 % satisfaction !! Our cats love it ! The only downfall -LRB- which is n't the company 's fault , it 's the fault of the FURminator maker 's -RRB- is that there are n't any directions . It does n't tell you how often you should use the product , how much pressure to use , how long the blade lasts , or even how to use the FURminator . We use the FURminator about once a week on both of our cats -LRB- both short-haired tabby 's -RRB- and it seems to keep the shedding down , at least for one of our cats ... the other cat , has a MAJOR shedding problem , and this seems to help a little bit , but maybe we just need to use it more often on her . Either way , it does still help !! Overall , I would HIGHLY recommend this product to any cat owner !! Not only does it help eliminate a lot of shedding , it leaves your cat 's coat super shinny and soft !
 We bought this for our always shedding bunnies . It is remarkable . Not only did it cut the fur storm way down but left our harlequin 's coat sleek and soft as angora.Highly recommend this product .
 This thing is amazing , I could not believe how much hair was removed on the first brushing . If you are brushing your cat multiple times a week and stiff can not seem to get it all , this is your answer . Cat even seemed to enjoy it , he is happier than ever . Well worth it .
 Just want you to know that the Furminator is a great product ! Even my cat loves it . She never was one that liked to be brushed but now she will come to me and sit on my lap and look over at the Furminator until I pick it up and use it on her . She lays there and even will purr . We both like and us this product every day .
 I absolutely love this brush ! My cat does too ! The first brushing filled a Wal-Mart bag with cat hair ! The pictures from the ad are true !
 We LOVE the Furminator . It actually works , and our cat does n't mind getting brushed with it . It 's saved us a lot of lint rolling our furniture and our clothing , so I would say that it was a good investment .
 easy to use , puss likes it on the back & even doses off when I use it , not as happy on his belly but OK so Im happy
 THis does a great job of removing excess hair ! I always end up with a mountain of hair and the cats love it .
 I like this and my cat does also to some extent . It works really well . It desheds so well though that sometimes my cat objects as it tugs if you are not careful .
 Its great and amazing . If you 've a cat with medium to long hair you want this . Period . Period . Period . Period .
 I use this on my two short haired cats and it works great !! Lots of fur is removed with each stoke of the brush .
 Well , my cat hates this thing , but I must admit it sure removes a TON of cat hair . You have to be careful that you do n't scrape your cat 's skin with it . I could make another cat with the hair I get off him .
 Bought this for my girlfirends cat . She has a shorthaired cat and I ca n't believe all of the undercoat that this thing brings up . Highly recommended ...
 Is very good , my 4 cats love to be brush with it . I just think it should be more wide because take to much time to brush them and we keep cleaning the brush a lot.I got the larger size and it is perfect .
 This brush does what it says -- it removes the fur that your cat would shed anyway . It definitely reduces the fur that I see around the house and she loves getting brushed ! I have a short-hair cat who sheds A LOT and this brush is awesome . I would absolutely recommend this product .
 I love this product . I have a regular cat brush as well , but this one pulls off way more hair than the other . my cat is a long haired cat and this helps me manage the shedding , although i still find hair everywhere haha . I would definitely recommend this to people who have cats who shed .
 This tool is awesome . It removes tons of hair from my cat , and she even enjoys getting brushed ! She sits in my lap and I pet her face with one hand and brush her with the other hand . It makes her coat very shiny , diminishes her dandruff , and greatly reduces shedding . I highly recommend this product .
 This really works to reduce shedding and it is amazing in the amount of fur it removes from my 3 short haired cats . They tolerate it up to a point . Wish they would let me do it longer . Short sessions are best .
 I bought this brush because I have a cat , and I 'm looking to cut down on my weekly cleaning . I have to say , it 's wonderful ! I brush her with the furminator once a week , and she does n't shed on all my things . The tool does require regular brushing for it to be effective , though - if I skip a week or two it 's back to hair everywhere . So , it 's perfect if you 're on a regular cleaning schedule !
 I love the furminator ! My big fluffy cat lets me brush her and this allows me to do so with ease . Other brushes force you to pick through the bristles to pull the hair out . The single row of teeth allows cleaning to be swift and easy.It cleans up the coat of the cats very well . This is the premier cat brush that every cat owner should have !
 The FURminator works perfectly on all of my cats , from the youngest rambunctious cat to the older cat . This tool is highly recommended .
 I have three cats and I recently purchased this deShedding tool . I was amazed . The cats were a little shy at first but then started actually wanting to be brushed and the hair just rolls up when you use it instead of flying everywhere . Really a great tool for shedding animals .
 I would highly recommend this product to any pet owner ... it is spectacular at removing hair and reducing shedding ... plus the animals enjoy the brushing process very much !
 I just adore this product . It is really different than a regular brush which just skims the top of the hair . This really digs down and pulls up the loose undercoat , relieving cats of all that extra hair they would otherwise just shed everywhere.After having used the furminator a few times , I really see a reduction in the quantity of hair on my furniture and rugs . Furthermore , all 3 of my cats look sleeker and are happier now to be outside as they have a lighter coat ! You will get hair everywhere when you use the furminator , so make sure you are in a place where you can easily sweep or vacuum it up afterward .
 Just received my cat brush today and could n't wait to get started ! An hour later I now have 2 gorgeous cats and 3 truly superbly-groomed dogs . My rottweiler has had these weird undercoat tufts sticking up everywhere for months now , even after his last bath and brushing . This tool literally pulled out everything it should and left him with a beautiful coat . I questioned the picture on the advertisement , showing a German Shepard with all this hair laying next to him and I thought `` No WAY '' , but I 'm eating my words . I sat down not only to leave this review but to order one for my mom , dad and sister ! Money more than well spent .
 This tool removed hair from our cat 's coat like no other brush or comb I 've ever used . She enjoys when we spend the time doing the combing as well.It has made a big difference with unwanted hair on rugs and hands . It was worth the money .
 well , we have a very dense furred semi-long haired cat , we have always used a shed-n-blade on him , but a friend loaned us their furminator -LRB- do n't let the names silliness put you off ! -RRB- and , well , we just had to run out and get one of our own ! i think we 've taken off 5 lbs in fur alone , and that winter coat just has to come off ! the cat has only had 1 fur ball thrown up this season instead of more than we can count ! AND everyone in the house wants to brush him ! it is a great product !! We keep throwing his extra hair out the door and the birds and squirrls are mad for it ! we are not usually fans of something like this , but this is a great product and really is different from other brushes .
 This is a amazing tool , i have a big long hair cat , the first time i use this in a few minutes the lost hair of mi pet its lost , nice easy for use and clean . I used other brushes and this furminator is better than anything.Only remenber be becarfully whit the small teeths of the tool.I think the company sells this whit lower price . Overall a good tool for cats -LRB- My big cat likes when i used the furminator -RRB-
 My short hair tabby gained a few pounds since her spaying & has a hard time cleaning herself . She seemed to have dandruff on her back even tho I brushed her regularly . I bought this tool to get to the underfur & dandruff , but was skeptical it would help since she does n't like to sit still long enough to be brushed.Well , she loves to be brushed now ! I use the tool every 3rd day or so . I brush her very gently & quickly but I get a lot of that soft underfur each time & her dandruff seems to be lessening . I recently bought the Furminator Waterless Shampoo for Cats & Dogs hoping Ill be able to get more of the dandruff , but havent used it yet.As a side note
 The brush is very good and gets the deep layers of fur , but since it 's so narrow it takes awhile for me to groom my cat . Granted , he 's a very fat cat . Something for someone who really cares for their pets .
 This works as well as they said it would ! My tabby , Maggie May , who we adopted in January , is a short haired cat so I figured she would n't require much in terms of grooming . But I could n't believe the amount of hair this comb removed after I had already brushed her with different brush.Her coat feels so soft and looks sleek after her brushing/combing session . She loves it as long as I follow the directions and do n't apply much pressure . A couple of times a week and there is hardly any shedding anywhere in the house . I am very happy with the FURminator and so is Maggie .
 My cats love this ! I keep it on a shelf , and one of them sits and stares at it until I brush her . No hairballs in 3 weeks , and she used to get 1-2 per week . I hate giving the hairball medicine , and it 's so nice to be able to prevent the hairballs . I brush both my cats very gently every day , for just a few minutes . They both purr and roll around so I can get every spot . I do n't let them rub their faces on the FURminator - I turn the blade around and use the backside of the handle if they want a face rub . I 've heard it can take the whiskers off if you use it on the face . I hope it works as well for your kitties as it does for mine . Bonus - my home is much cleaner too . Other deshedding tools just do n't compare in my book .
 Wow ! This thing really works . It untangles my cat 's hair and leaves it smooth and soft . While my cats do n't necessarily love it , they do n't mind getting groomed .
 The furminator removes the under coat and the cats love it.It is amazing to see how much fur it removes in just one brushing.Once we received this and told others this item is now the # 1 brush used by everyonewe know with cats . Highly recommend the furminator .
 This is an amazing product . It gets off enough hair each time that we could construct a new cat . I 've noticed a decrease in hair balls and my cat just looks less scraggly these days .
 The Furminator is the best . It is everything you have heard . My cats purr while I use it on them and the amount of hair it gets out is amazing . It really does get the undercoat . A must have ! it is so easy !
 Never in my life have I owned a cat who hates to be brushed ! Until now . My long haired `` alley '' cat hates to be brushed . It is such a ordeal for both of us . I have bought more brushes and combs for him than I care to admit.This cat hates them all ! Including this one . However , this one works so well and as advertised that I get the ordeal over with in record time . I started out slow and got the job done . He was mad at me at first but some treats for reward took care of his displeasure . He left me in a huff . Only to return to me just 10 mins . later purring and clearly feeling better . Now he tolerates the ordeal with a look that says `` just get it over with . '' I was able to remove a startling amount of loose hair in that first short brushing . More hair than I ever got of him before . When I piled it up on the table it looked like another cat was there ! Its nice to get what you pay for .
 The Furminator was recommended to us by friends . It REALLY works ! Brushing with the Furminator , weekly or so , seriously curtails shedding in between brushings . The product is easy to use , you can see it working , and our cat loves it .
 I have a medium haired cat but she has a LOT of hair . I have tried every brush on the market on this cat . Nothing worked . I even used a shedding blade for horses . I saw videos for this product and was stunned . Decided I had to try it . I received it very quickly and am extremely happy with how it works . Now I have a happy , less furry cat , and she has a happy owner .
 The best thing ever if you have a long haired cat ! I get a half a cats worth of hair every few months when I use this on my 8 pound furry baby ! She lets me brush her with no problems and its a breeze to remove all that unwanted hair that would end up all over the house , me and furniture ! Better than shaving the critter , get one and see why we all love ours ! Its worth the initail cost for something that actually works . I love the blade guard as well and keep it covered when not in use !! Highly reccomend !
 This FURminator works great ! The thing is , my cats wo n't let me use it on them . Two of my cats love to be brushed -LRB- the third ca n't be bothered -RRB- but no matter how gentle I am they wo n't stick around for the FURminator . But it really does work . Lots of excess hair in just a moment , and a moment is all I get . They do like the ZoomGroom -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- and it will get quite a bit of hair off of them . I 've tried with the FURminator for about a month now and two or three swipes is all I get . Maybe if your cats are more laid back than mine they will go for it . Like I said , it really works .
 It 's awesome . I have some serious hairball characters who hate being brushed , and this thing sure made it easier for me .
 My son has a couple of very hairy cats . I enjoy grooming them and bought this tool , FURminator deshedding tool , to try out . It seemed to be very effective in removing hair , clumps and knots , without distressing the cat .
 While a FURminator might not be the most romantic birthday gift ever it has been one of my favorites . We have two cats , a DLH and DSH . The FURminator does a better job on the DSH because she really enjoys the experience , and the product has helped with her hairballs . The DLH is not such a fan , but if you give the FURminator time and reward your cat with love and plenty of treats I have found that even my fussy cat would come around . -LRB- At least for awhile . -RRB- I am concerned about how long the product will last , it warns you not to use it if one of the teeth break , I keep the protector on when not in use and in the cat basket . Six months in and things seem to be going well . I have even used the FURminator on our Jack Russell , she is a smooth coat , during shedding season , with great results . Normally she does not need it , but twice a year everything is covered in dog hair . I try and use the FURminator once a week and have seen a significant reduction in the amount of Resolve we buy .
 Our cat 's fur was slightly matted and the instructions say to remove that first , but the FURminator was able to pull the matted hair out without hurting the cat -LRB- he looked fairly annoyed though . -RRB- For normal grooming it does what it claims and works well .
 We have 6 cats -LRB- 2 are short hairs -RRB- . I have that rake/comb that you see at County Fairs , and it works great ... for only 1 cat . Is useless for the others , but I thought it was a good investment , until now.The Furminator was a spectacular buy and a big hit . The cats actually like to be combed with it , even the one who 's notoriously skittish about everything else but wo n't groom himself , and so gets mats routinely . I 've got a wastebasket full of fur from just 4 of them so far , and it immediately stopped those clumps of white hair -LRB- from one of our Ragdolls -RRB- showing up on the carpet all over the house.Should be a required tool in any household with cats .
 Great comb ! It gets lots of hair off your cat better than anything I know of ! Very great price ! I 've recommended this to everyone !
 Does n't bother the cats like our old brush which they would chew on . Gets a lot of hair off and reduces my allergies . First time we used it the pile of removed hair looked like a kitten laying there it was so big . I have had less allergy attacks since regularly using this on both our kitties .
 This product is the best cat comb ever ... . and my cat is even short haired . -LRB- It was like I was shaving a sheep . -RRB-
 We have a short-haired and and medium-haired cat ; the short-haired one is n't too fond of this product , but shedding is n't that much of an issue for him . But the kitty who sheds a lot mostly seems to enjoy it , and this comb removes * loads * of loose fur . It takes a little learning process for both cat and person , but it is very effective .
 Excellent product for all sorts of felines . This works well and cats seem to like the feel of it on their fur .
 I rec 'd exactly what I ordered in exactly the condition I was promised . Very nice !
 The FURminator deShedding Tool is great ! I recommend it to anyone with cats ! One of my kitties always hated to be brushed but he absolutely loves the FURminator !!
 This is the best pet comb ever . It really gets down into my cat 's fur and takes out mounds and mounds of hair . The cat loves it and is sometimes hard to get him to quick . You can not go wrong with this comb .
 I could n't be more impressed with this thing . We had another cat brush and it did just about nothing when it came to helping expedite the shedding process . The FURminator really removes balls and balls of undercoat & our cat truly enjoys the procedure .
 I found the FURminator to be a great grooming tool for my cat - very effective and easy to use . She starts purring when she sees it !!
 This is great because it really gets the thick undercoat of my Maine Coon Cat . He is not a big fan of the brush and I had to distract him with food in order to get at him with this , but it was worth it ! It got off more fur than his stickler brush and his coat is nice and shiny ! He actually looks thinner ... GREAT PRODUCT !
 This brush works fantastically well at removing fur from your cat and the reduction in shedding afterward is phenomenal . You can see any number of photos in the customer image section from the first pass of many people . It produces a huge amount of fur to start , but the amount coming off of your cat afterward is practically nil.The tool itself seems well built . It has a nice weight to it and the brush tines are heavy-duty metal , these are n't the tiny wires you see on most pet brushes . It fits the hand well.Some pointers : - Do this somewhere where you can easily clean up when you 're done - a deck or laundry room is probably best . - READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ! Some of the negative reviews talk about ripping out hair or hurting the cat . The instructions are very clear that you need to use this tool slightly differently to avoid hurting your cat . - It takes a few passes to really kick up the hair , so plan on taking some time for your first use .
 I bought this at full price locally some time ago . I wish that I had shopped around but I did n't . Since I 've been using this brush on Sasha , she 's had fewer hairballs . It took her a bit of getting used to how it felt on her coat -LRB- my opinion -RRB- but now she askes to be brushed everyday . She really enjoys it and so do I. I had been using another ` shedding comb ' for her but she did n't like it . I think it was hurting her . I decided to test how that comb felt on my bare skin and it was harsh . I took it back to the store and got this comb . When I tested it on my skin -LRB- Sasha 's a short haired cat -RRB- , it did n't hurt and so I thought that she 'd like having it on her body . I was right . She really enjoys being brushed and I like it when she goes over to the brush and bats at it -- her way of telling me she wants to be brushed -- and it 's no longer a fight to get her groomed . I love it .
 I brushed my cat with the comb I have always used . Next I used the FURminator . I could not believe how much more hair came out . My cat was purring the entire time . I have thrown out the other two combs I used to use . Best money I have ever spent .
 It 's unbelievable until you see it yourself . It 's unlike any other brush I 've ever used before . The FURminator lives up to all of the hype . It grabs the underbrush , the downy sheddy fur , so easily ! I brushed both of my kitties for about five minutes each , and had enough hair to fill the box the FURminator was shipped in.I feel hopeful about spring and summer shedding season now .
 I love this and highly recommend . I ca n't believe how much hair came off ! My cat did n't seem to mind this anymore than any other brush I used , although she was sensitive on her stomach . I used it on both my cats , one has minimal hair while the other has a thicker undercoat . It worked great on both cats and they looked shinier instantly !
 After trying to use a pet brush with mediocre results I tried the Furminator . It has a solid , weighted feel with a nice grip that wo n't slip when grooming . I like the high quality stainless steel blade . After dropping it accidentally on my hard kitchen floor I was surprised to find that no teeth were bent or broken on the blade.At first my two cats -LRB- a large 15 lb . muscular male tabby and a bob-tailed female calico -RRB- were inclined to bite and play with the Furminator while I groomed them but eventually they got used to . Now they enjoy it as if it were a massage . Do n't be alarmed if during the first few times it removes a LOT of fur -- it removes fur a pet brush simply ca n't . I found that after `` furminating '' my felines it was best to follow up by using a regular brush to clean off the excess hair.My only pet peeve is that it 's quite expensive , but in this case you most certainly get what you pay for -- a very durable , high quality product that will last the lifetime of your cat -LRB- s -RRB- or longer . I wish I could rate it 4.5 stars instead of 4 . If the price drops below $ 15 and includes free shipping then I would easily rate it 5 . Regardless , I highly recommend the Furminator .
 Wow - the FURminator deShedding tool really does an outstanding job on our two cats . Neither enjoys being brushed but both let us groom them with the FURminator . I ca n't get over the amount of loose fur that it removes . A real `` plus '' is the significant decrease in fur balls . I highly recommend this grooming aid .
 I used this thing as soon as I got it , and I am already addicted ! My cat LOVED it ! The amount of hair that came off of my cat was staggering and it was really easy to use . Would recommend to everyone ! -LRB- with a cat -RRB-
 This thing WORKS ! I never thought a short-haired cat could have so much hair come off , but now I know better . An excellent product , works as described , and the best part is that kitty 's coat not only feels smoother and healthier , but he looooves getting `` Furminated '' . I was surprised since he never cared much for regular brushing -LRB- but tolerated it -RRB- and he is kind of a `` do n't touch me other than a chin scratch '' type of cat so I worried that I would n't be able to use it . But as soon as I started , he lay down like a little baby , even rolled over for me to furminate his belly ! So it has the added unexpected bonus of helping us bond I guess . Bought mine new on eBay for $ 8 incl shipping .
 I purchased this product for my 17-year-old cat . She had been shedding all over the house and bed . I first looked in the stores for it - and seen prices ranging from $ 35 to $ 50 , and there are many options to choose from . I picked this one , well , because it says it is for cats . This brush is amazing . In one sitting I removed a pillow-full of hair from her , and she loved it while I was removing the hair . If I had suggestions for anyone ... Do not buy in stores . I purchased mine online for $ 12 , which included free shipping -LRB- got here in 2 days -RRB- . Even though your cat may love it , be sure to not brush too hard . The actual brush is steel and could hurt your pet if you brush them too hard.Realistically , you only need to purchase one brush for all your pets . A bigger brush may be quicker on larger animals , but this size will work too . I just would not use a large brush on a smaller pet . To cover all your bases , just get this good-sized brush.One more thing - do n't open this in front of an audience . I got looks from people at the post office who thought it was some type of sex toy !
 Even works on my cat ! There have only been two products that worked BETTER than they 're supposed to
 OH MY JESUS !!! THIS IS THE BEST CAT DESHEDDER OUT THERE I HAVE TRIED ALL OF THEM AND THIS IS THE ONLY ONE THAT GETS THE JOB DONE !!!! I RECOMMEND THIS ITEM TO EVERYONE THAT HAS A PET WITH A SHEDDING PROBLEM . I COULD N'T EVEN PICK UP MY CAT BEFORE BECAUSE I WOULD END UP LITERALLY COVERED IN CAT HAIR ... THAT IS NOW A THING OF THE PAST !!! THANK YOU FURMINATOR !!!
 The tool is awesome . I use it weekly on my two kittens and it works as advertised .
 My cat sheds heavily . This product picks up a lot of dander with it 's sturdy , easy to clean fine toothed comb . It works great !
 This worked very well , although the packaging of the product does not prepare you for how much hair will fly all over , but that 's not the seller 's fault . They were absolutely great , and it cost me a third of the price the same item was being offered for at local pet stores .
 Wonderful product for a family of 8 cats one of whom is a very long haired tuxedo cat and usually very suspicious of anything other than a loving hand to pat him . He sits still for his grooming -LRB- I think he thinks it 's a hand -RRB- . Whoever invented the furminator did a great job . Our eternal thanks for a great product .
 Our cat was on pain meds after a surgery and she neglected her grooming . Once she was feeling better we discovered her fur had become matted while she was so out of it . The vet recommended the furminator brush and we got to work . Within a few minutes of grooming we discovered how easily the furminator took the tangles and mats out of her fur . I highly recommend this product .
 Unfortunately , my adopted cat wo n't lay down or sit still long enough for me to use the FURminator for a long period of time - she paces back and forth . I am hopeful that one day she will enjoy the experience as much as other cats . I can say that the FURminator does take off the hair so it does what it is supposed to do . Because my cat wo n't stay still , I tend not to use the product on her too long because I do n't want to thin her hair too much in one section . Overall though , I give the product a high rating because it does what it advertises .
 First of all , I ordered this product from Amazon Flea Doctor at about 7 p.m. on 8/11 ; the expected date of delivery was 8/18 -9 / 2 . It was in my mailbox on 8/14 . That 's some service!I have had about 20 cats in the past 25 years and have used every deshedding product available . So , I was very skeptical when my best friend told me her daughter had bought one of these and how well it worked . But , after vaccuming the house for the thousandth time only to walk back into a fur-covered living room -LRB- let alone the fur ball spit-ups -RRB- , I reluctantly ordered the Furminator.WOW !!! The first little boy has never produced anything when I 've brushed/combed him , so he was my `` experiment . '' After just a few swipes on one side -- he would n't sit up -- and I a had a baseball of black fur ! The other four kitties were equally impressive , including my little girl that I 'd already combed for 15-20 minutes earlier . And , nobody complained about it , including the deaf kittie , which was a miracle in itself.I will recommend this to all my cat-crazy friends , and they will believe me , because they all know my on-going battles with fur balls . Besides that , where can you get a miracle for this price !
 I 'm really glad I bought the Furminator . It works very well . I 've gotten a lot of old , loose hair out of both of my cats . The cats and I are all much happier .
 This product really does remove some serious fur ! You can not use it on areas that are even slightly matted . It worked great on my persians , although they hate being brushed and did n't want to cooperate . If your cat is good when getting brushed , you will love this product !
 The Furminator is a great tool for getting loose hair off my two cats . It 's super easy to use and the cats look forward to getting brushed ! This tool seems to pull more hair than a regular brush . This is more like a fine comb that just glides through the fur . Easy to use , easy to clean .
 The Furminator is hands down the best brush for soft , furry pets ! We have a wire haired dog that it does NOT work on , unfortunately , but on our cat , it 's amazing ! He is kind of a fidgety cat , so it 's hard to keep him still long enough to get a decent amount of brushing done all at once , but every brush stroke gets a giant wad of cat fur off ! You do n't have to push down hard for this brush to be effective . This brush really is a life saver ! It has kept Stetson -LRB- the cat -RRB- fur off the couch and off our clothes , making us both much happier . I would recommend this brush to anyone with a cat that sheds even a decent amount . It 's easier , and more effective , than any other brush I have used .
 I ca n't say enough good things about the Furminator . It 's great ! My cat loves getting brushed and it takes mountains of hair off of him in no time . Easy to use , easy to clean , and very effective .
 I have a beautiful short-hair and her fur was getting everywhere . A friend had a similar issue and showed me her fur-minator . Works like a charm , though I wish it was a bit softer somehow as kitty is slender and the brush is metal and hard plastic . Id buy again ... just got ta take ur time when using it .
 The Furminator is the best thing I 've ever found to keep pet hair under control . I no longer have cat hair all over the furniture . There is nothing that compares . I love it .
 I did n't believe this product would work but was willing to try anything to get the fur that seemed to be always falling off in clumps , despite my brushing with my regular cat brush , from my long haired cat . What a nice surprise to find it really works . No more loose hair all over . My cat seems to like it too . I higly reccomend this product
 Received the product on time and it worked fantastic on my short haired cat . I was afraid she would n't let me do it but she did n't mind it at all . When finished , her coat looked clean and sleek as though she had a bath without the actual bath . Very happy with the product .
 Our cat is the sheddiest cat I have ever had ! Given the arrival of our new baby , we needed something to help keep it under control . I came across this product on display at a major pet care store , but who wants to pay those prices ? Came to find it here , and to see how it 's been reviewed , and was pleasantly surprised with both reviews and prices . Our cat is weird about brushes , so I was also very relieved to find that she really enjoys this , and it takes up so much of her fur !! The only drawback is that it does n't have that self-cleaning button to push collected hair off the blades , but that 's my own fault for not looking more closely . Still , it does not impact the effectiveness of the brush . I definetely recommend it !
 Collected enough fur to make a second cat and my cat loved every minute ! Lightweight , easy to use . I highly recommend it for all cats .
 I first used the Furminator at the local shelter where I volunteer . It really impressed me with how effective it is in pulling ou the loose hairs from the undercoat , both on long and short-haired cats . So I bought one for my 2 cats , both short hairs , and I could n't be happier ! It does a great job reducing their shedding so there are fewer fur balls floating around the house . The only downside is that it 's so effective and you have to empty the brush every few strokes . But hey , that 's a price I 'm more than willing to pay !
 I loved this brush . It got tons of hair off of all my cats which left my floors hair free for a while .
 My cat loves this . She thinks I 'm petting her when I use it . I did have to practice with it at first , because it 's quite strong and tends to yank at fur . But when used gently , it removes an astonishing amount of loose fur , dust and dander and leaves my cat sleek and looking at least a pound smaller . I 've given this to a friend and recommended it to others . One thing I 've noticed among their cats
 I bought the large version of this brush at Petco for my -LRB- very -RRB- long haired kitty . I was told by the Petco people that this brush was used in their store for grooming . I do n't usually listen to sales people -LRB- especially when the brush cost $ 60 and looked like a few others -RRB- but I had heard of this brush before and figured I might as well give it a try since shedding season was upon us.When i brushed my cat , Secrets , there was tons and tons of fur coming off of her with each stroke ! My kitty does n't usually like to be combed , so it was a constant battle between strokes . The amount of fur that came off of her so quickly was really impressive , though . I used to have to use a tooth comb and groom for hours -LRB- split into segments , of course -RRB- before I would get off that much fur off.I would recommend keeping a plastic bag nearby and combing on a hard surface as the hair does pick up a lot of static and flies all over the place if not careful . Also , a lot of dislodged fur seems to end up near the back of my cat when I comb her so keeping another brush nearby to trap it before it ends up all over the house is an excellent idea .
 FURminator deShedding Tool for Cats , 1.75-Inch EdgeI have n't done a complete grooming with the Furminator , but I love it already . I have two shorthaired cats , and the one who has a fairly slick coat , with a moderate undercoat , loves getting brushed . The other , whose fur is more like a British Shorthair 's - short but very thick & plush , and a really thick undercoat - disappears as soon as she sees a brush , no matter how soft . I 've tried a slicker brush , the ZoomGroom , a regular hairbrush , and the soft grooming brush on her . She 's fought all of these . So I was n't too hopeful when I tried a few strokes with the Furminator as soon as I got it out of the package . Surprise ! She merely glanced over her shoulder at the first stroke , then ignored it when I continued . For a cat who struggles to get away from any attempt at brushing , this reaction was a big relief . And even the few test strokes got out a lot of hair . Hurray ! Now I can take care of her properly , just in time for spring shedding . The tool 's easy to hold , with a nice ergonomic handle ; has a handy blade protector that snaps on and off easily ; and the blade is narrow enough to easily get into tight spots . Hardly takes any pressure at all while you 're grooming , and it got out a lot of hair , even for the brief time I was testing it out . Very happy !
 I have three long haired cats , and tons of cat fur everywhere ! I used this after brushing them with their normal brush and was shocked at how much fur they shed ! Kitties are much happier now that they are having less problems with hairballs and my carpets are happier to have less fur on them as well !
 Believe what they say ... my parents swear by this brush in the larger size for their dog , and it removed GOBS of hair from my small , clean , well-groomed indoor cat . I do n't anticipate having any problems with this brush , as it is very sturdy and well-made . The only downside is if your cat already hates being brushed , this may not instantly ` cure ' this ... although my cat does appear to enjoy being brushed with the Furminator more than the cheap brush I had been using . Bottom line
 I just got this last night and started using it right away , I was a little bit afraid that it may not work as my cat is a short hair cat , but this is a miracle , it works perfect . I took a picture and showed to my friend last night , and she was amazed by how much hair there was , I will be ordering one more for her dog . Wow this is worth the money . Really good , and my cat loves it .
 The hair comes right off of my girlfriend 's cat . Looking at the cat you dont think there is that much lose hair but the amount of hair it removes is unbelievable .
 I purchased the Furminator and received it in the mail in a timely manner . It works very well on my cat . He actually enjoys being brushed now . It does the job of eliminating all of the loose fur and keeps is coat looking great .
 Could n't do without it . Great for my 3 cats to keep them from ingesting fur .
 WOW ! That 's all I need to say . After having read other good reviews , I purchased the product with still a little skepticism . After I tried it on my cats , I noticed that they shed less and it does help remove the undercoat . My two cats love the grooming and purr when I brush them . If you own cats , I would definitely recommend the product .
 I have seen this product in the store and wondered if it worked , but it was always quite expensive . I figured for this price I would give it a try on our cat . I was tired of cleaning up hair all over the house . It really does work and when he sees me get it out of the drawer he comes running and purring . He loves it . I use it daily and it has made an incredible difference .
 Do n't hesitate to buy this . Works well on all three of my cats , even the short-haired one who actually has more undercoat . They do n't mind it too much , but I would n't say they love it . Has reduced my need for vacuuming up hair by 1/2 .
 My 16-1/2 year old short hair cat -LRB- `` Scratchy '' -RRB- has a typical thyroid problems which she takes pills for and is shedding fur and dander , as is to be expected . I hated brushing her as much as I hated finding fur everywhere . The FURminator solved all of that . She readily took to the FURminator and loved getting a massage as well as her fur removed . In about 15 minutes I had a ball of fur that could fill a half gallon jug container . It was astonishing . Now with all her gray hairs less , she looks healthier and is certainly happier . Being a ` fairly wild ' cat , she likes getting her fur brushed out . I do n't know why I had not seen this product before , but it works very , very well . All I have to do is call her name and scratch the carpet with the FURminator and she comes running . Just be prepared for a great deal of fine fur !
 I got this very quickly , it was in it 's original wrapping . I love it .
 It 's truly amazing how much fur this thing removes ! My long-haired cat never felt so soft . It 's everything it was said to be .
 FURminator works nicely for my two Exotic Shorthairs , who have very thick fur . I can detect MUCH less loose hair on my furniture and clothes ! The first combing was a storm of fur in my face , but with daily use , that problem is not so bad for me .
 Trust the reviews . I bought the FURminator after reading all the great reviews and highly recommend it . We 're going to have to get a leash for our cat so we can brush him outside it works so well . My sister used it on her long haired Chihuahua -LRB- outside -RRB- and the dog came in about half the size it was when she went out . That 's an exaggeration but my sister is going to get one too . Best cat `` brush '' I 've ever used .
 Like everyone else said , this brush is able to rake out more loose fur than all three of the others we tried combined !! Tip
 My 16 year old tabby is a bit particular -LRB- well , she * is * a cat -RRB- . No way she 'd ever tolerate a bath , or the fancy spray ... but this gadget really works , and she seems to enjoy it , too . I go over her with a coarse thing that looks like a rake , then use the furminator and soon end up with a mountain of hair that otherwise would be all over the house , and a cat that weighs about half as much as she did before.Nicely made , and a fair price for something as unique and effective .
 I have a Maine Coon with a heart condition and taking him to the groomers would probably kill him . :-RRB- I had tried everything I could think off to `` tame '' his coat , from gentle bathing -LRB- for him , not so much for me -RRB- and every other brush and comb out there , and nothing worked as well as this tool.Since using it I 've noticed fewer hairballs , a lot less shedding -LRB- no more pools of hair where he lays all day -RRB- , and I swear he seems to even feel better . When I bought it I was annoyed at how much it costs , but now knowing what it can do I would have paid twice as much !
 Since bringing home our new baby girl , I have noticed just how much our beloved cat , Louie , sheds ... his fur is everywhere , and I hate finding one of his hairs on the baby 's blanket or on her clothes ! This led me to do a little research ... what I found is quite amazing ... it 's a tool called the FURminator . We 've used both a brush and a comb on Louie in the past and were always disappointed by the results . But with this new `` tool , '' we were absolutely amazed by how much of his undercoat came off . Be sure to have a garbage bin nearby when you use it for the first time ! Perhaps the best part , Louie LOVES it ; he stretches out and purrs = -RRB-
 I have 3 fluffy cats , and nothing has ever worked this well at getting at their undercoats . Every stroke fills the comb completely . Important to be careful of not over-brushing one spot , though . Your cat will probably let you know .
 This product works well . My cats do n't like it , but the few moments that we do get them still , it really gets the hair out .
 With two long-hair kittens , this is a life-saver -- not only because it works wonderfully as it has promised , but also because the kittens enjoy being brushed with it . I have used different kinds of brush and combs before . None of them works nearly half well as this one . Definitely worths the $ ! I would recommend it to any cat owner .
 Item works very well if I can get my cats to sit still to let me use it on them .
 We initially purchased this to help with grooming our 2 long hair cats . We were pleased with the results and even more surprized at how effective it is on our other short hair cats . This size also is great for our dog who has a very thick coat . The only word of caution is to be prepared for how much hair will be removed - definitely do n't try using it with a ceiling fan going ! This will be tops on our gift list for our animal friends .
 After trying everything else , this tool really works . My cat loves it , and has made quite a difference in both our lifes . Best used after a normal grooming -LRB- i.e. slicker -RRB- , and should be used gently . My cat let 's me know when she 's had enough for one daily session . It really goes after the `` dead '' fur under the top coat .
 We could not believe how amazing this groming tool is ! It is unlike any comb , brush , or fur rake that we have ever tried . When we told other cat owners about it , they borrowed our Furminator , and then they hurried to buy their own . We showed it to our vet , and he could n't believe how effective it is , either . Our 2 cats have stopped shedding , and we no longer have wet hair balls waiting for us on the carpet , no more hair clumps floating around in the air ! And when we pet our cats , we have no more clumps of hair in our hands or on the furniture . We 've had a lot of laughs over the name ! When friends call on the phone we say , `` Ca n't talk now , we 're `` furminating . '' This thing is the best ! Our cats love it , and we love it !
 This has been an amazing tool for eliminating the amount of fur laying around the house . It really does remove and thin out your pets hair . This , in turn , has helped reduce hairballs , both on the floor and in my cat . But , be careful that you do n't brush too much in one spot , or you 'll end up with a thin spot of hair .
 The cat FURminator deShedding Tool is marvelous ! I used it on a black short haired cat who left hair wherever he walked or laid down . In about 5 minutes I had deshedded him and had a giant pile of hair . Now whenever I pet him , he does n't leave hair in my hand nor is there any hair where he lays or walks around . Great tool!FURminator deShedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Cats
 This is a high quality product that does a great job of removing loose hair from our cat . Caveat
 Finally , a product that really works ! This has cut down the shedding on my two cats by about 98 % . I have really horrible allergies , so along with just the lack of cat hair everywhere , it has made a huge difference for me . I do think there should be more warning/instructions on the initial use of the product regarding when you should stop - because if you keep going eventually your animal is going to have bald spots . After the initial combing , you need only do a small amount every few days to maintain .
 I can not believe the amount of fur this brush removed from both my long and short haired cats . It is amazing and has really helped with loose fur around the house . I highly recommend this product !
 I have a 10 pound gray , tiger striped cat who always has a shedding problem . I used to brush her everyday to keep the hair `` tumbleweeds '' down , but in the summertime it is almost impossible to keep up.I saw this tool in SkyMall of all places and thought I would give it a chance.Buy it ! It is amazing . After two uses , about ten minutes each , I can actually pet my cat without any hair falling out ! In addition she seems much more happy now too as it is cooler for her in the summer for sure .
 My cat is 17 years old . Her coat was terrible , matted with alot of dander . I just got this and she looks wonderful . She enjoyed the brushing , she 's relaxed and happy . I recommend this to anyone , especially someone with a elderly cat .
 We recently rescued a cat that developed a lot of shedding of her old coat once her diet improved and she got healthy . The furminator removed massive amounts of the old loose hair and allowed her to reveal her new shiny , healthy coat of fur . The only caveat is to use it gently and avoid mats . Better to use it a couple times and have the animal enjoy it than to use it too roughly and not want more .
 Bought the Furminator for my 17 year old cat who ca n't groom well and has hairballs . In the first two days we generated a bag of hair larger than the cat ! She loves it and looks very sleek.Caveats : ~ Do n't push down on the brush , just let it glide along . The blades do the work so you do n't have to . Pressure on the brush may irritate the skin -LRB- and the cat -RRB- . ~ Be careful over bony areas . KitKat did n't complain , but I almost made bald spots over her shoulders . ~ Stop when the cat complains even if you 're having a fabulous fur fest . Obviously , the `` no more '' point will vary widely with different cats . ~ Be prepared for huge piles of piling and flying fur . Everywhere . Especially the far end of the cat . ~ No brush eliminates shedding completely . The major problem with cats is that they are COVERED with cat hair .
 I was hesitant about this , almost $ 30 for a cat brush ??? I have one from a discount store for about $ 3.00 . But ... it is so worth it . I have one medium hair domestic cat and one long hair , the long hair cat sheds like a maniac . I pick him up , he sheds on me . he sits down , he sheds , etc. . We were going through lint rollers like crazy , and I was walking around looking like I am growing fur -LRB- I couldnt get it off all my clothes . -RRB- We first got this thing and I ` furminated ' the cat . The difference is nuts . I normally brush them every single day , and my old brush only got off 1/10 of what this brush gets off in a sitting . The size of the hairball was the size of my cat 's head !!! I do n't know how this works , but it is marvelous ... the cat is still shedding but not quite as much , and I have cut down on brushings to twice a week or so.Get this on Amazon - it is more expensive almost all the other places I saw it at .
 I bought this for my short-haired cat - she has hairball issues . This tool did remove significantly more hair than a normal cat brush , especially noticeable on the first usage , and there have been fewer hairballs on the rug . I usually brush her with the normal brush after using this to pick up some remaining loosened hair , since this tool does n't have bristles to hold the hair ; it leaves the hair in clumps on her coat or on the ground . That aside , it gets out a lot more hair than standard brushes , even on my healthy short-haired cat .
 This brush is incredible ! Our cat leaves fur everywhere he goes . This brush pulls out more fur and undercoat than I ever would have guessed he had . It 's amazing!It 's the best tool for the war against cat hair all over your house .
 We have an excessively hairy long haired cat . This product does an outstanding job of cleaning it up .
 We are very pleased with this product.We followed directions as recommended and gradually phased in the product so the cat could get used to it.Now she purrs soothingly while we comb her . Very smooth coat now and removes lots and lots of the shedding extremely effectively .
 This is a great brush that really gets into the undercoat of my cat . It is however , not so easy to use with a wiggly cat because it is harsh on the flesh . If you have an obediant cat - hah hah - it is perfect . If your cat squiggles , go slow and be prepared to sit for an hour with excelant results . I think it is better on short , dense cat coats than on long , soft coats . My Ralphie loves it and he looks great after a good brushing with less shedding . I 'd recommend it anyway and caution to use with care and delicacy . I 'd also recommend using it outdoors .
 I did n't know my cat had so much hair until we started using the FURminator on him . Its more like rake than a brush but it does n't seem to irritate our kitty any more than his other brush.You will get fistfuls of hair off your fuzzy friend . Do this outside or somewhere that can be vacuumed easily.This is an amazing tool and amazon has it for an amazing price .
 I love this brush , ever since i used it , there are less trails of cat hair on my furniture , lol . A lot of hair comes out , i wouldnt do the brushing indoors though , it could make a mess . .
 I was amazed at how much hair this product gets out . No more hairballs from Feline-King . He actually enjoys the grooming too ! A win - win for both of us !
 I received this product in 3 days , which was great . I also want to add that I bought it after reading a bunch of reviews that said it 's overpriced , but it works -LRB- it works great ! -RRB-
 Just got this brush , it may be a little bit of an old model , but it 's fantastic !!! I just got 2 cats -LRB- 4 months and 7 months , shorthairs -RRB- and i put them in the tub to deshed them . This tool works great ! You wo n't believe how much hair it takes out ! The cats purr and generally like the brushing . Still , after awhile they can get kind of annoyed , but that 's normal . I only wish someone would make a little vacuum on top of the handle that would suck all the hair up without scaring the cat , because the hair does go everywhere ! -LRB- that 's why i put them in the tub -RRB- But it works GREAT and is totally worth the money . I 've already used it 3 times in a week , and each time i remove less and less hair from the cats . It is working !!!!
 I have two short haired cats -LRB- one male , one female -RRB- . The male sheds a lot . The female does n't shed as much , but she seems to be constantly plagued by hairballs.I had bought a fine-tooth comb and while it removed a lot of fur off the male , it barely removed anything from the female . Overall it really did n't help much with the shedding or hairballs . The day before the FURminator arrived I had brushed both cats with my existing comb . I then brushed the cats with the FURminator and was amazed how much fur came off both cats , especially the female . I have no idea where she was hiding the extra fur since after removing it she looks exactly the same . Between both cats I managed to fill a small waste basket full of fur.My only regret is not buy the larger edge version . The 1-3/4 inch works , but it takes a long time to get all the excess fur out . Even though both cats enjoy being brushed with the FURminator , they will only sit still for so long.I have yet to see if the amount of shedding decreases , but with the amount of fur removed , unless cats grow fur really fast , I ca n't see how it wo n't be . I 'm also hoping that the female will have less issues with hairballs now since there is less dead fur for her to lick up.One recommendation if you use this product . Make sure to `` wipe down '' -LRB- I just used my hands -RRB- your cat after using this product , since a lot of the removed fur will get stuck to the outer coat of the cat . If this is n't removed , then the cat will either ingest it when she goes to clean herself later -LRB- which can cause hairballs -RRB- or it will get all over anything she rubs against.Overall , I highly recommend this product for those people who have shedding cats and for people with cats that have chronic hairball problems .
 Works great , cats love it . One particularly touchy formerly feral cat comes back for more ! And he looks so much better than he did before the FURminator .
 I wish I had found this sooner . I have a very furry seventeen-year-old Himalayan . I usually get him shaved once a year because he matts up . But I did n't this year because his health is precarious and I did n't want to stress him . The Furminator gets the undercoat smooth like no other brush I have used . And my grumpy old cat does n't mind it as long as I alternate petting with gentle strokes using the Furminator and go slow around matts . It gets fur off our young , short-haired Tonkinese also . Now I just need to learn to make yarn and knit . I could make a sweater with the fur that is so easily removed !
 I have 2 siamese cats with short , dense coats . Other shedding tools sent their fine , short fur flying into the air . This tool collected the hair for easy clean up and disposal . I could n't believe how much fur it collected . The cats look sleek and beautiful and I have less fur on my clothing and furniture . One of my cats would n't tolerate a loop shaped shedding blade or a wire slicker brush , but does better with this tool . Worth the hefty price tag for the time and aggravation it saves .
 I have two huge pure white male Maine Coon Cats . Typical of their breed , the boys have long , thick , shaggy coats and a dense undercoat . I 've tried all kinds of brushes and combs on them , but nothing has worked well ... until I tried the Furminator ! With just a few passes of the tool , I got multiple handfuls of loose fur . Neither of my kitties protested ; they just relaxed and purred as I groomed them - and they looked gorgeous when I was through . I 'm adding two female Maine Coon kittens to my home in August , and I plan to get the girls used to the Furminator so their coats can be shiny and beautiful throughout their lives . The Furminator is fantastic !
 I had heard great things about the Furminator but never got around to buy it . I finally did after my vet encouraged me to get it . It does a great job on my two cats . They look and feel better after I 've used it and I hope my apt is a little cleaner too . I have recommended it to all my cat owner friends . It would also make a great gift .
 Great product ... and definitely is easy to use.Came quickly even during the Xmas rush .
 I bought the furminator for my cat as a Christmas gift . She is a very long haired cat so I hoped the demos from the website were accurate . The demos were dead on ! Even better , my cat loves being brushed as well . We sit down in the bathroom while I brush her and she purrs and purrs . I would highly recommend the furminator to anyone with a cat that sheds a lot .
 It does a fantastic job getting the loose fur off of our cats . We had a cheaper brush that looks very similar ; the FURminator seems to grab the loose undercoat -LRB- exactly as advertised ! -RRB- . It 's a little pricey , but well worth it !
 Removes the heavy under-fur with no pain ! My most sensitive kitty actually rolled over for me to get all sides without inflicting her medievil claws on me ! Worth every penny , even when not on sale !!
 This product really works for removing hair -- but my cats still hate it and run every time I get it out .
 This is a great product . It does indeed take the dander off your cat . I have a very lazy cat and so I need to brush her everyday or she will have hair everywhere . I saw this same brush at my local pet store and it was $ 40 . There was no way I was going to pay that much for a brush for a CAT not in this economy . So I pay a little over half for it on the internet . Thanks again .
 I am thrilled with `` The Furminator for Cats '' ! I have a ten-year-old tabby who does NOT like anything done to her ... but now will hold still , and actually purrs when I 'm using this product ! I had tried the `` Shedender '' , but it does not work on her medium hair , and is difficult to use since it is shaped like a comb . But the Furminator is like a rake , and actually seems like the cat is enjoying a massage !! And the HAIR ? I can not believe how much dead undercoat is removed ! I thought my cat was getting `` pudgy '' , until I used this to groom her !! I am so very grateful !!
 This brush works great for all hair types and all breeds of cats . It 's the best brush to use on a cat .
 I have a 1 year old male tabby ... hes short hair , but I know his undercoat is thick . I have run this over him a few times and have come up with lots of fur ... its amazing ! I like knowing that I can provide my dad a little relief when he comes to visit ... hes severely allergic to cats . He has said he notices a difference ! Hurray !
 this product was great ! I applied it to my cat and watched the old hair go ! After seein how much was actually coming off i was a bit nervous but his coat felt so soft and even lookd like he had lost a bit of weight ! it was all dead hair . now i can pet him and not get a fist full of hair .
 The title says it all ! This is a fantastic deshedding tool . Just do n't get carried away as I did leave a bald spot on my cat . So do be careful ! The cats love it . I have used other combs and they fight me all the way . I have eight outdoor/barn cats and this is perfect . I have long-haired and short-haired . You wo n't believe all the hair you remove from them . They look better and I am sure they feel better in the summer time . I do n't have them in the house so I ca n't attest to the less shedding there but I know there is less hair on me ! You could n't spend your money any better and Amazon does have the best price that I found . I have bought 2 . I wish I had bought my first off of Amazon .
 My sister bought a Furminator for her cat and loved it . I held off on buying one due to the high price tag . I finally found one on Amazon that was below $ 20 for my cat , and took the plunge . So far so good . My cat tolerates it and the Furminator does a great job at pulling/combing out the loose cat hair . It also seems to be constructed very well . I still think the Furminator is overpriced , but I 'm happy that I finally got it .
 The Furminator is hands down a must for all pet owners ! I have 2 cats and have used many different kinds of brushes and shedding tools . I threw them all away once I got the furminator ! One gentle stroke of this comb and it gets so much fur ! My cats health will surely improve with less hairballs , and my home is already less furry !
 My wife & I are very pleased with the FURminator deShedding Tool for our cat . Our cat does not shed as much as before we used the FURminator .
 Before I purchased the FURminator I had tried at least 3 other brushes on my long haired cat . She sheds constantly and I have to pick up clumps of her hair all the time , she leaves mats of hair on my rugs and it 's a pain cleaning it . Then I discovered the FURminator on Amazon , I had n't heard of it before . Based on the many positive reviews here I decided to give it a try and I am so glad that I did . This tool removes an unbelievable amount of hair , She looks cleaner and does n't leave hair everywhere . Her coat feels smoother too and she has n't had a hair ball since I 've been using it . The FURminator is worth every penny and it seems to be built to last a long time , it feels substantial in your hand . The plastic is dense and heavy and the metal brush is solid also . Very high quality , I recommend it to both cat and dog owners .
 I 've found the FURminator very useful in reducing shedding . It is true you have to brush your cat first with another brush if it is matted , but the FURminator really removes the excess fur that other brushes leave behind . My cat is even rather fond of the brush 's spiky metal nature . Combined withAllerpet/C Solution for Catsit can be a very effective way if reducing allergy symptoms . The brush is bigger than it looks though , and seems massive when applied to my tiny six pound cat .
 My little persian has really tender skin & I was really suprised she does n't mind this even on little tiny knots.My cats also LOVE theCat Zoom Groomfor a daily massage.Really impressed with furminator have 3 ... the blue & the purple .
 I have to say that I was very reluctant to order this thing , but I had to try SOMETHING because my inside cat -LRB- love him to death -RRB- was shedding all over the place . I have used the FURminator for 2 days now ... all I can say is WOW . I would have never guessed , in a million years , that this little item could take off so much excess hair from a short-haired cat . I could not believe my eyes at the amount of hair it took off the first time I tried it . Imagine this
 This works great at pulling all kinds of hair out of my cat , and she likes it too.It is and outside job , or at least something to do in the garage where you can bust out the leaf blower to get rid of the hair .
 Perfect for my long haired Maine Coon cat , she hates being brushed but willingly puts up with this deshedding brush .
 I 've had this for a little while now , and it does n't seem to take off nearly the amount of hair as seen in the few customer pictures , but I would say that it does take off much more hair than a regular cat brush or comb . But be prepared for hair to fly everywhere ! I got this because I need to try to curb the amount of hair my oldest cat ingests from constant over-grooming , but I get the least hair off of her and wonder if her and my other cats just have extremely thin & wispy fur that 's hard to remove ? Fur seems to fly all over the place instead of being collected on the brush . Other than that , it 's got a solid construction and is durable , and it does remove a bit more fur than the few other brushes I 've tried .
 Heard about this tool on a cat forum . So glad I did . Does n't compare to her brush . I am amazed at how much undercoat hair comes out . She was having trouble with hairballs and I really have not seen one in weeks . She looks better too and her food is starting to make her coat nice and shiny . I pass it over her a couple times a week and there is always so much hair there . It 's shocking . At first she would run around and I would have to follow her . She liked it but she was trying not to like it . You know , when no means yes . This is her . I still have to chase her with it until she gives in . So exhausting . But it is a great tool and does exactly what is says it does . Real happy about no more hair balls .
 I 've had the product for about a month and a half now . So far so good . As others have said , the cats love being combed with it . It removes so much of my cats ' hair and it makes you realize how much they shed .
 Tiger , our ferral cat , is not a fan of the FURminator ! Tiger will not allow us to hold him so that we can really comb him , but we still manage to get an amazing amount of hair out of his coat with the tool . Some days it takes several times to complete his entire coat , but the amount of hair the tool removes makes it worth the effort . I wish the FURminator were smaller ; I believe we could handle it better and do n't think something smaller would bother Tiger as much , but it is a great tool !
 This brush works way better than other brushes we have had . It gets through all of the layers of fur ! We have two cats , one is about 10 pounds and the other about 20 . The brush is big enough to handle both .
 i brought the long haired version few month back , again it works very well , although my cat does not let me hold him and comb , but he still lets me when he feels like it , or i comb him while he is sleeping . i brought this short hair one to comb his belly , he does not like the long hair one for his belly a single bit . but he seem pleased with the short hair one.i had not see any hair ball after i used the product.the difference between between long hair and short version is one got wider comb , and that is it.sometimes i found the handle is a little discomfortable for me to use due to my cat does not usually lay down across on my lap , he like to laid right next to me on the sofa , this made the combing a little discomfort for me , i hope they can come out with a new version that you can switch the position of the handle so all types of cat-sonility -LRB- lap cat , non lap cat , nearly lap cat -RRB- could enjoy it.i am very happy with this product .
 The Furminator works great at getting out tons of hair and the cats like it , but this is the older model that does n't have a release button on the device to dislodge the fur , meaning you have to get it off the Furminator manually which is highly annoying.So while I can recommend Furminator products I do not recommend this one .
 This comb is amazing ! My daughter showed me the one she had purchased for her dog , -LRB- apparently it is used where she takes her dog to be groomed -RRB- , and we tried it on my two cats and I knew I had to get one . It pulls the under layers of shedding hair and I am amazed at how much more hair I comb out . I actually had to vacuum afterwards.I almost wish I had purchased the longer one for dogs though , because I like the angle of the handle better . If you have a shedding animal , this is a definite need .
 Wow ! Does this thing ever remove the fur ! It 's strong and durable and does the job well . Note of caution , though ... do n't have the ceiling fan on when brushing -- the hair goes everywhere !
 I read other reviews on the FURMINATOR and was somewhat skeptical . As it turns out , my Maine Coon cat had a very thick coat of hair . I wanted to see what help I could get aside from a daily brushing . I used the FURMINATOR on Zoe for a couple minutes for 4 or 5 days as she does n't care to be brushed or combed . Each time I used the FURMINATOR I was left with so much hair that when compacted it was the size of a tennis ball ! Zoe looks 5 lbs lighter ! After using the FURMINATOR , Zoe tollerated the 100 degree weather we had much better ! I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT ! Follow the directions . There is a video available to show you how to use it , but I did n't and would n't recommend spending the extra cash . One side note ; if your cat has any knots the FURMINATOR does n't do well with them . The cat should be clean and dry and free of any knotted hair . GOOD LUCK !
 I was skeptical about this tool , but I am so glad I bought it . Our elderly cat is a bit stiff in the joints -LRB- thoughCosequin for Catsis helping her there -RRB- and so she ca n't groom herself quite as well as she used to . I 've tried a lot of different tools , always to be disappointed . But not the FURminator . I recommend this tool highly!The first time I used this tool on her , I got an AMAZING amount of loose , dead fur out of her coat . She 's a tiny cat , too -- where does she keep it all ? I just kept grooming and grooming , while she kneaded and purred and turned around so I could reach her other side , and the fur kept coming . I only needed to use very gentle , light strokes.All right , so I used it once , surely there ca n't be that much fur left , right ? Ha ! I used it again two days later and got just as much fur out of her coat . Her coat now looks so much healthier and shinier , and she is definitely a happier cat . I will definitely keep using this tool.An important note that other reviewers may not be aware of
 A friend recommended this tool to control shedding by the cats . I thought the price was pretty steep but bought it anyway . I think this tool is worth every penny . It removes the undercoat which is the main source of all that fur that collects on clothes , furniture , etc. . Plus once the cats are combed a few times they learn to enjoy having all that hot fur removed . It really removes the fur . After combing the two , indoor , short-hair cats I usually have enough fur to make one more cat .
 I have 4 cats so shedding is a constant issue at my house . The first time I used this I started to become concerned at the amount of hair after a while . Was I going to have a bald cat ?? No , she just had that much loose and dead hair!It is a little tricky if you cat does not like to be brushed or combed at all . I have to work a little slower with this than a rubber brush , so they get impatient . And I have one that just ca n't seem to get used to it . I think her skin is just to sensitive . For her , I will stick to using a shedding blade which is the only thing I have found that even comes close to doing the job that this thing doea.And if you can brush your cat outside ... you might want to consider it . You will be coated in fur and have a huge pile to deal with once you are done .
 I got this product for my two DSH cats . My one cat has thicker fur and loves the furminator . It literally took 1 lb . of fur out of her . I only use this product about once a week and have noticed they have a lot less fur to shed . My other cat has sensitive skin and has n't quite gotten use to the furminator . When using it , you do n't have to put any extra pressure behind the brush . The head is weighted and that is more than enough pressure to get the fur out . You do n't want to scratch your cat 's skin or cause it to be irritated . I just gently glide the furminator over my cats . My cat with sensitive skin does a twitchy thing with her skin when I use this deshedder . For her I have to alternate between this and the Zoom Groom . I can use a regular brush every day but prefer to use the Furminator once a week . If you use the furminator too often or apply to much pressure it can start removing the silky topcoat . My cats are n't showcats so this is n't too much of a concern . I 've done small brushing sessions with the new Furminator and am now able to fully brush my one cat but still can only do one side of my other cat before she has had enough . Overall , I think this is a great product . It has removed more fur than any other brush I 've tried .
 For years we struggled with our cat , a poor groomer , who accumulated fur balls under her arms and legs -LRB- and other places ! -RRB- . We 'd have to get her shaved at the vet . The Furminator is so gentle and she actually looks forward to the groomings with it as opposed to our other brushes , which we have now discarded . No more mats or balls - her coat is silky smooth .
 I could knit a sweater with all the fur that comes off my cats . It 's insane - the pile of fur is bigger than the cat itself . My cats love it so much that they ca n't keep still when you brush them - which makes it pretty hard to do ! MAKE SURE you do this somewhere that you can sweep it up easily . You will get a LOT more fur than you think you will.Also , make sure you keep the cat out of the pile of fur ! ^_^
 Received my Furminator in record time . Was very pleased with the new deshedding tool . Price was very reasonable . It is a great deshedding tool . I would recommend purchasing from this company to anyone . They were very efficient .
 So I have two cats , both short haired , but they shed a LOT ! And I got this to help thin out their coat for Summer . I was absolutely blown away with how much fur I got off of them . One cat loved the feeling , and the other cat hated it . But she also hates being petted , so she is sort of a weird cat . It does make a bit of a mess with fur flying everywhere , but it is amazing . And my cats coats are now softer , silkier and next to no shedding ! I am telling everyone I know . I love this thing .
 I have a miniature schnauzer and she would get those little sticky things from the weeds in the grass . Though the FURminator is to demat her hair but it works as well to take off those irritating seeds . I thought it was a great buy . Some FURminator says for cats but it worked for both . It all depends on the length of their hair .
 My daughter is a veterinarian and she recommended the FURminator for my 2 kittys . I love it and the kittys love it too . I can hardly believe the amount of fur that comes off of the cats using the FURminator . No more fur balls on the carpet ! Another plus - it was much less expensive through Amazon than at my local pet store .
 Shipped fast , new condition as promised . I have two cats and the furminator works great on both . I have to do it frequently though as they are fur generators . Great product & service .
 I have tried all sorts of brushes on my 3 rescue Siamese -LRB- one has a medium long coat -RRB- and it was simply a task not worth the trouble.This year I developed terrible respiratory problems and knew I had to do something about the shedding and dander that worked . After reading reviews I immediately purchased this brush over a month ago and the feline and human families have never been happier . I can not believe the amount of undercoat it gobbles up . I use a large dedicated towel for the brushing job so the fur does not drift all over my house and face.I was so pleased with this product I also purchased : FURminator deShedding Shampoo for Dogs and Cats , 16 Ouncesto further decrease the amount of shedding and dander.Enjoy your pets !
 I bought this tool for my newest kitty who is a medium-haired male . Though I 'd had a medium-haired cat in the past with which my slicker brush worked perfectly , I had no luck with this one , nor a bristle brush . Just a few minutes of use with the Furminator had me impressed with the amount of fuzz coming out of my cat 's coat . He is the perfect candidate for this grooming tool . Well worth every penny . I recommend trying this if your kitty is medium - or long-haired and you 've had no luck with slicker or bristle brushes .
 The Furminator gets all of my cats excess fur out . Every time I bring it out , they come running and meowing to be groomed . The only things you have to watch out for are brushing too hard over their nipples and spine , and brushing one area too often . The only thing I did n't like was the way the handle smells . Neither did the cats . I washed it off with Dawn and let it air dry . The smell is less intense and we can all deal with it .
 -LRB- Update
 It will turn your cat into a hairless one if you keep using this alot . It works so well , that it is hard to know when to stop . Just be careful on the pressure as well , just let the tool glide on it 's own with just a slight downward pressure , otherwise it will hurt the kitty .
 Product works great ! My cat 's fur is soft again : -RRB- Flea Doctor shipped it quickly and in perfect condition !
 Although my Calico cat does not care to be brushed , I still get her to sit down and put up with this brush . The product does everything that it promises . The one thing I really noticed is that I can pick up my cat without being covered with fur for the first time ! This brush is so good that I order another one for my grandmother . I also refused to buy this anywhere else because Amazon has the lowest price !
 What more could you want from a cat brush . If you have anyone who is allergic to cats or sensitive to cat hair , this is the brush for you.Properly used , the cat should love it . I brushed my short-hair with it when it arrived , on a spot on the carpet sitting on the floor , and I retrieved enough hair from the cat to make another cat if I chose . For the past 4 days now , when I pet my cat , there is n't the usual cloud of fur that floats up from the cat . Its super.With a good , thorough cleaning , vacuuming and dusting of the house , and a weekly brushing with the furminator , the stray cat hair should be greatly reduced , which will be great news to the occasional visitors I have that have cat allergies.I can not recommend the product highly enough . Its an expensive brush , for what it is , but worth the price . The owners deserve to capture the profits they get on this tool because it does provide a far superior value to other brushes and will save untold grief with stray cat hair in the house .
 I saw this product demonstrated on a news station and groomers were testing it . It did a great job so I purchased it . My cat loves it but I love it more . I used to have to clean my furniture with a lint brush on a daily basis but now I only brush my cat about every other day . It removes a LOT of dead hair gently . Read instuctions prior to use as you need to brush gently to prevent irritation to your pet 's skin .
 All I can say is you must purchase this comb to believe it . Please comb outside or on a bare floor as hair gets everywhere . It you comb outside make sure it is not a windy day or hair will be everywhere . My cats actually love this comb , they do n't complain until I get to their stomach . No other grooming tool is needed . My cats are short hair ; I can imagine this being a little uncomfortable for long-haired cats , but I 'm not sure .
 The first furminator I purchased was for our large dog and the cats would tolerate the wider blade for only so long . Since using the 1-3/4 - inch blade the cats now LOVE to be furminated ! It is incredible how much fur is removed without any effort on my part or discomfort for the cats . My cats are all in their teens now and have been tidy groomers . Since using the furminator it 's become evident that it 's really helping to ease hairball development , as well as keeping their coats manageable , and mat-free . I would call the furminator the top-dog of grooming tools !
 This is the best item I have purchased in a long time . Having 1 dog and 2 cats inside the house most of the time , there is ALOT of hair . Normal brushing helped some , but not near enough . Even after the first time of using , the quantitiy of hair was at least half . Now after a few brushings with Furminator the house is liveable -- much less hair . I am very impressed with the results and it works fine on my medium size dog . All the animals love it . My cats purr the whole time .
 Stop wasting your time with other combs/brushes ... This is THE ONE ! You will be vacuuming after each use of this product , so get ready to work !
 Wow what a great tool . Not only does it remove bags full of hair from my long-haired girl cat , but it remove incredible amounts of hair from both my short-hair cats , too!A friend tried it on her two dogs - a Greyhound and a Beagle - and is now buying THREE FURminators -- one for herself and two as gifts.This is a GREAT product that lives up to the hype . Well worth the money if you are tired of chasing pet hair all over the house .
 The cat furminator is a great tool to THIN cat 's hair . The results are exactly as the picture depicts on the package - you can remove a lot of hair by using this product . If the purpose of your use is to remove an overabundance of hair , I would highly recommend . For my Himalyean cat , I use this product once every few weeks , as the product removes so much hair that I 'm not sure it is necessary to do so .
 i 've had many pets in my life and have tried many brushes and this is the best one so far.it 's no wonder it 's a bit pricey but a great price on amazon . in the pet store it was $ 10 more . if you have shedding problems with your pets , this is the product to beat . i bought htis one for a new stray we brought in and she absolutely love 's being brushed !
 I have two cats , one long hair who was regularly getting hairballs -LRB- every 2 - 3 days -RRB- and one short hair who is a shedding machine . The long hair has n't had a single hairball since the arrival of the furminator -LRB- 3 weeks-ish -RRB- . The only bad thing is that my short hair does n't like getting combed with it -LRB- she was n't a huge fan of the regular comb , either -RRB- , so I have to fight her a lot to get her combed and while it collects a lot of her hair , it has n't really helped the shedding issue ... as soon as we 're done combing , she 's full of shedded hair again : -RRB-
 love it but it needs to be bigger it takes a long time to get all the hair off
 First brush of the cat = a lot of cat hair that wo n't be on the couch.good stuff
 My husband and I are known for going around with cat hair all over our clothes . We have two Maine Coon cats who constantly shed undercoat , and frequent brushing had not helped in the past . The Furminator removes only the fluffy white hair that sheds and flies all over our house , and the cats really enjoy it.FURminator deShedding Tool for Cats , 1.75-Inch Edge
 I am a pet groomer . I like to keep my own personal pets well groomed as much as I can . I can assure you that this product works and is GREAT . BUT the cost is overpriced . All this tool is , is a part to a grooming clipper blade with a handle . The blade part is all you need . It costs much less then the FURminator tool . all you have to do is go to a pet store , purchase a 10 or surgical sized blade , remove the top part , keep the bottom and brush away . The person that created this had a great idea ! They probably are making several thousand dollars on this item . But they could reduce the cost a bit . I love the idea , and I know it is great to have a handle on it for many people . But why spend twice the amount when you can make it for less ? The clipper blades cost alot less if you know were to look .
 Awsome . Now only if I could get my wife to use ti every few days it would be even better .
 I love this thing ... the first time I used it on my two cats I had a huge pile of fur in my kitchen . I could n't stop using it ... so addicting . It left my cats soft and beautiful . This has definitely been the best thing I 've purchased for them !! I 'm recommending it to anyone and everyone with a pet ! It 's helped the shedding ... although I think I 've over done it ... my cats hide from me when I bring it out !
 Like many others , I wasted a lot of money on useless gadgets , brushes or combs -- all of which either scared or hurt my cats -- yet , they did n't remove but a few strands of hair . I took a chance -LRB- like many other times in the past -RRB- with purchasing this brush . This brush is simply amazing . The first day both cats were a bit apprehensive since it was a foreign object that obviously felt a bit different to them . However , today is the third day and any semblance of fear disappeared as they lay outstretched , rolling from side-to-side , purring ferociously while the FURminator took off a monstrously large amount of excess hair that thankfully , will no longer fall primarily on my furniture.I saw a comment by another user asking about how often they should use their brush . I 've used mine since I received it three days ago and they seem to enjoy it more and more with each passing day . Granted , not as much fur came off this evening as compared to the first night -LRB- I think I could have made an entire cat with the excess hair from my two cats -RRB- but I still plan on using it perhaps 2-3 times a week . Their fur feels silkier and smoother ; plus they 've stopped shedding across my furniture . Life is grand.Quick note , I found a newer version of this at Pet Smart for $ 42.99 . Seeing as how this one is the best I 've yet to come across , I ca n't imagine they could make it any better than the $ 7.99 -LRB- plus S&H ;-RRB- price found on Amazon .
 The pictures do NOT lie . I have a long haired hymalayan and a short haired tortoiseshell . I was amazed by the huge clumps of hair that I got off them , and this was mostly from their backs . They do n't like it as much as their regular brush . So , I will have to work with them to get them used to it . But they are both much more shiny , and less hair is always great for our furniture and clothes !
 Excellent price ! works well and cats now love it . It took a while to get them used to it . Does it ever get off the fur !
 The price was one-third -LRB- 1/3 -RRB- of the price at my local pet superstore . It works very well in grooming my two -LRB- 2 -RRB- domestic short hair cats and my domestic long hair cat . It is easy to use and clean , and I recommend it very highly . Great price and great product - could you ask for anything more ?
 The furminator picks up much more fur than a wire brush and I suspect it hurts less . However , my cats STILL do n't like to be brushed , even with the furminator . I 'm beginning to think they just do n't like the handling because there is no way this grooming utensil can hurt . I highly recommend the product .
 This is a great product . My cat loves it too . Her coat is much smoother and since she is double coated it really really helps !!
 Nothing to add from other reviews
 This brush is very easy to use and does take a lot of undercoat hair off my cat but you will have to brush your animal for a pretty lengthy time to get visible results . So , it is rather time consuming . The nice thing about it is that the hair comes out evenly , not causing a mess with hair everywhere . My cats also are kind of scared of it so I have to give them treats before and after to calm them down . Overall , for the price I got it -LRB- $ 8 -RRB- , it is a good buy and worth the money .
 We have 2 cats and the furminator is great . One is not a fan of it but then he is very flighty , he does not like being picked up , fidgets alot , and is generally does not like being brushed . In the right mood he will allow you to brush him and will tolerate the furminator . The other cat absolutely loves it , I often have problems getting his back and one side as he rolls over on his side followed by rolling on his back so you can brush his stomach all while purring up a storm . Normally this cat will tolerate a brush on this back but that is it , he wo n't let you brush his stomach . He also is a shedding factory leaving white cat hair everywhere . The furminator takes out so much dead hair and helps alot with the shedding , we just have to make sure we have a small waste basket near by to collect all of the hair that comes out of him .
 This is a wonderful tool , particularly for grooming the undercoats of our 3 cats . One of the most effective we 've owned . Highly recommended .
 I use this for my bolognaise -LRB- sp ?? , i think it just means long hair -RRB- Siamese cat who is two years of age . She LOVES this thing and so do I coincidentally enough . My roommate bought it and i thought it was a flea comb and he explained to me that it takes off the shedding fur and undercoat etc. . . after about 6 months i finally gave in and tried it - The moment i started using this brush she would not keep still because she liked it up against her , i can imagine why after collecting the hair that came off of her.Personally , i recommend this for any long haired animal , my cat looks and probably feels 10 times better . I use it once a week which is probably too much but she probably feels better after getting combed out -LRB- considering the fact that its spring now , so she 's shedding anyway -RRB- and there 's way less cat hair floating around the house ! A + to this !
 This works great . We have a cat with long hair whose coat mats . This tool gets his coat nice and smooth . I use this instead of a brush . Worth the mnoney if you have a long haired cat .
 I have 2 cats who would run as soon as they saw a brush ! We tried 3 different styles before the furminator . As soon as I started brushing the cats their purrrrr motors started running ! They LOVE being brushed now ! One of my cats is a short-hair with a thick coat and this brush gets out so much of the undercoat . Our other cat has a medium length , fine coat and sheds terribly . The brush does n't seem to get quite as much of his undercoat but has still helped tremendously with the shedding . I 'm so glad I spent the money on this brush .
 You will not believe how this brush is great until you use it on your cats , I have n't used a brush like this before . The video and pictures you will see from other buyers are all correct , this is definitely worth the price . My siamese usually does n't like to be brushed but with the furminator she would stand and doesnt move until I finish brushing but you need to be very gentle when you are using it on a short hair cats . As for for my persian longhaired cat , the minute I hold the brush , she will start purring and sit on the table ready to get brushed , this is just better than a treat for her !! Five Stars definitely .
 i have two short haired cats . Pixel dose n't have much of a problem with shedding and has a fine coat ... she only let me groom her during her nap and i did n't get that much off of her.Cyan on the other hand is a shedding monster , and i got this tool for her . SHE LOVES IT . i groomed her in the bathtub , and now every time i walk into the bathroom she jumps in the tub and begs for it . i brushed her with this for 10 minutes a day over three days and got the equivalent of another cat worth of fur . every time i brush her i think about all the fur and hairballs i wo n't be picking up all over my house.it works like a regular brush , only you do n't have to be nearly as aggressive . a few gentle strokes will pull up LOTS of undercoat hair . that said , use this only in the bathtub or outside . fur will fly everywhere.don ' t throw out your traditional cat brush . the Furminator pulls up tons of hair and when you 're done , there will be loose fur all over the cat . a regular brush is ideal for `` clean up '' because it will get that loose hair without pulling anymore up from the undercoat.even my boyfriend noticed that Cyan looks better and feels softer . and i 'm not sure , but it seems like this has helped the dandruff problem she has too .
 This product worked wonders for my cats , and I have since passed it on to my friend , who also has two cats . It 's 4/4 so far ! It can seriously pull hair that , when bunched up , is half the size of the animal itself ! I still see hair when I pet my cats , but you need to be realistic , it is n't magic , but you 'll see how great it is with the first use -LRB- that 's when you get the most hair -RRB- . It does make a little bit of a mess , so be sure to have a vacuum and lint roller on hand !
 The Furminator sounded too good to be true ... and it 's still hard for me to believe that it really works !!! My cats have never let me brush them much , but they did n't want me to stop using this one . I had used the Shed Ender just a few days before this , and the Furminator got sooo much more fur out I could n't believe it . I just bought a white duvet cover , and literally every day there was a circle of fur where one of my cats sleeps all day ... today I came home and the `` dent '' in the comforter was there indicating he 'd been there , but there is literally 1 hair in the spot ! I do n't know how frequently they will need me to do this on them , but it is so much easier to use than the Shed Ender and works so well ... and the time it saves from me having to clean my bed , couch , carpet ... I am so impressed !
 This little tool is well worth money . It is the same one our vets use and it is quite effective , although our cats will not sit long enough to fill a trash can with fur as sometimes illustrated in the ads . One minor drawback is that the cutting edge is not replaceable .
 I have a short hair tabby cat that sheds year-round . Every time I would pet her my hand would be covered with hair ... no more ! This tool is the best thing I 've found for reducing her shedding . She does n't mind when I use it on her at all . Typically , I just hold it and she walks back and forth under it.Bottom line
 my cat loves to be brushed , but he especially loves the furminator ! i was skeptical that this would work on my cat as well as the larger furminator worked on my sister 's lab ... but i was shocked by the amount of undercoat that came off of my shorthaired cat ! it makes his coat super shiny and soft as well . and i think it has helped my cat too because the more i use it , the less hair he swallows while grooming , therefore decreasing the potential for fur balls ! great invention !!!
 Best deshedding tool I 've tried . On the first use , removed a huge amount of fur . Now there is much less fur around the house !
 Great price , at least 1/2 what it would cost you in a store . This tool works great to get rid of the excess hair my cat has particularly in the spring .
 this item does work very well but only buy it if it is on sale ... it 's not the amazing thing they talk about but it does work better than most ... but you can get by with a cheaper one .
 I just got this product recently . Just like many others i was n't sure if this product works . I would definetely recommend this product to everyone who has a pet . This is definetely a great tool . After using it a couple time i notice my cat fur does seems to be softer as well .
 I am just not happy with the results of this brush . I regularly brush my cats once a week with a regular brush , so maybe that is why I am not getting the results like in the above photos . This seems like it might be much more useful for someone that does n't brush their animals often or ones that shed a lot .
 This FURminator is great ! Works much better than a previous deShedding tool I used and the cats do n't mind it at all . The FURminator is slightly weighted it seems like so you only need to comb through the kitty hair without raking it on them .
 Wow . Thought this was another gimmick thing , I was wrong . I have a sheltie who gets thick and sheds a couple times a year . This was very pleasant for him and me also . Took out that extra layer very easily . If anything I wish I had gotten the larger one , but then it would n't work so good on the cat . Cat does n't really enjoy it , but endures it . But then he does n't enjoy anything , after all he 's a cat . The ferminator does a fabulous job of thinning out the cat 's thick hair . My daughter used it on her short hair large dog and was so impressed I 'm getting her one for Christmas .
 I have tried everything else on the market to groom my cats -LRB- just because I love buying things for them -RRB- . Some tools work very well , ie , the rubber , knobby brush , however , the Furminator is amazing . It really gently loosens and pulls out the under layers of hair . My cats love it and honestly , I believe it 's making a big difference in the amount of hair flying around my home . My cats do n't cough up as many hairballs , either . Amazon offers this product at a great price . I am thrilled with this purchase ... just used it again today !!
 Like the title says , it 's a great brush , but do n't go overboard with it . Some under coat fur is there for a reason . Though make sure you have a lint roller near by because you 'll be covered with cat hair . A little bit of water helps keep most of the hair from flying around the room .
 This brush works . It is everything it promises to be and more . Furthermore , our two cats love it -- one will look on jealously when the other is being brushed . They purr like mad ! I 'm keeping this review succinct because otherwise I could just go on and on about how much I LOVE THIS BRUSH !
 Our cat is a long hair -LRB- Maine Coon -RRB- . It works well but produces a lot of fluffy loose hair that tends to float about the area you 're working in . Do n't try this if you have any fans going or a breeze in the area . You can only make 1 to 2 pulls before you have to pull the hair away from the teeth . It 's a lot more trouble than I expected but it really does get the job done . Her coat looks much better after the brushing . I expect it will get easier as time goes by and we learn all the tricks .
 This is an excellent product . My cat loves it . It is amazing that after you use it the first time you only need to use it again weekly . There is absolutely no more shedding .
 This really works great ! It 's amazing just how much loose fur is quickly removed and my cat loves it too . : -RRB-
 Amazing how much hair you get with this tool . I try to use it once a week and what a difference . My cat is a American Shorthair which impact his feelings toward the heavy metal that goes over some of the boney areas . He is not too crazy of the FURminator because of this and makes it hard to use it more than once a week . That is why I gave it a 4 , it would be nice if they could lighten the weight on the head of the tool .
 I 've had a furminator for about 4 years and misplaced it . I bought two in case that ever happens again . It is the best way to brush a cat . It takes out all the hair that is loose but still stays on . After you brush your cat a couple of times you will get less and less hair . But initially it will look like they should be bald with the hair that comes out . Fabulous product . I always recommend it .
 This is not just a comb or brush for cat 7 dog hair , it is a highly effective desheading tool that I tell all my friends and family about . I LOVE THE FURMINATOR !!! MY CATS LOVE THE FURMINATOR ! It feels good on their coats -LRB- I have long haired & short haired cats -RRB- while I brush them and gets A TON of hair off . Afterward my cats dont shead ! Seriously ! I was getting annoyed with the loose cat hair everywhere , the hairballs and the constant sheading when I pet my cats - NO MORE ! It REALLY works ! They shead MUCH less and love being brushed . I only brush them once a week . I saw the Furminator at Target for $ 50 ! I paid $ 10 on Amazon ! If you buy this brush for your cat or dog get ready for your life to change drastically : - -RRB-
 The FURmintator works better than any tool I 've tried on our constantly shedding short haired tortie . We get so much cat hair off of her it 's a wonder she is n't bald . The best part is that she actually LIKES to be combed with this tool . I ca n't tell you the combs I 've tried and just ended up with an angry cat biting and clawing at it . With the FURminator , she acts like she 's being petted when I comb her .
 Was suprised how much hair this comb got out of my short hair cat . Should help with the mess and at $ 15 and free shipping a great deal .
 This product does take out a lot of hair , but my cat does n't like it because it really pulls the hair . He 'll only let me use it on him for a few minutes and he 's had enough . Whereas , he 'd let me comb him for ten minutes .
 this is a great tool , but you do n't know when to stop - I think i defurred a bit too much !
 I have 8 cats , some that loved to be brushed and some that do n't . They all love the Furminator . It removes so much hair that would have ended up as hairballs . Worth every penny .
 I heard about the FURminator from someone by chance . They have a persian cat and they were explaining how they use it to comb their cat 's hair . It helps the cat by keeping it from shedding less which in turn helps to reduce hairballs . I have severals cats so I decided to give it a try . It works great . The cats enjoy being `` combed '' and it works just like it describes . Do n't apply too much pressure and you will want to comb your cat somewhere you do n't mind getting fur . I kept a trash bag and vacuum near by for easy clean up .
 My one cat has very long fine fluffy hair & this really does n't work as well as it does on the Siamese . I love it for her though . Takes off the excess that she 's too fat to catch on her rear ! : - -RRB-
 This is an amazing brush . You will love it as I have & I have sent as gifts to my family & friends . You will be amazed at how much hair comes out . My cats love it too . great product & great price . it 's a yes must have .
 The tool works great . Better than a similar one I tried . Only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was the price . It 's kinda expensive for a non-motorized grooming tool .
 I purchased both a dog and a cat FURminator when a friend , who has three cats , raved about it . She paid three times as much as what Amazon offered the same items for . I received the items in two days and my son 's dog loves it . She even lets us comb her tail and she turns from side to side so we comb her thighs . My other son has the white cat in his townhouse and it has significantly reduced the shedding over his black decor ! He also has allergies so getting rid of flying fur is an added plus . I highly recommend this product . It does what it illustrates and says .
 My cat was shedding everywhere and a friend suggested a furminator . It 's the best thing ever ! It 's easy to use and took literally buckets of fur off my cat . She looks leaner and shiny and is much more comfortable in the Arizona heat . The shedding around the house is almost eliminated and a bonus ... my cat loves the furminator . She just lays down and lets me comb her . The vendor was great , because the price was much less than others and the shipping was fast .
 I have never used a pet item that worked so well instantly ! The cats love it ! No clumps of fur lying around and I think the cats feel so much better without that loose fur on them . I think to them it is like getting a massage because they will roll over and over .
 I used to own a Bamboo brand deshedding tool , and it worked well . However , my brother convinced me to upgrade to the FURminator and I 'm glad I did ! It works significantly better . It removes lots and lots of fur from my cat . I highly recommend this to any cat or dog owner who 's pet sheds . It feels sturdily built , as well , so I expect it will last a long time .
 I have been brushing cats for over 50 years . This is by far the fastest , easiest brush for removing cat down and leaving the guard hairs . My queen took to it immediately , the tom took a while , but now he loves it , too . If you have a cat , or a dog , or any furry friend , you should also have this brush .
 With 9 cats you can imagine the fur problem.After trying brushes , combs , expensive tripsto the groomer , I decided to give the Furminatora try . It 's one of the best things I 've ever purchased.It does n't hurt the cats , and I was amazed at how much fur cameoff.I usually do n't recommend things but this I do.If you have pets , it 's well worth it .
 I sometimes get a bit irritated because Amazon sends me all these wonderful e-mails that contain things I might want , and I ca n't buy them all . The FURminator was one such product to show up , and it happened at about the time our cats decided that our towel pile made the ultimate kitty bed , causing interesting side effects when we dry off . With all the good reviews I decided we just had to try it , and it is everything anyone else has described . The pile of fur we had after the first brushing was impressive , made them softer and sleeker , and most importantly , less for them to shed . We 're trying to follow up every couple days and we still get a bit , but nothing like before , so it 's just maintaining now.The only problem we have is that they like the feel almost too much . Already loving cats , they often want to rub up to things and walk around us in their ecstasy , making it a bit of a chase if we do n't hold them down -LRB- which I do n't like to do -RRB- . It 's well worth the investment and I wish I had a camcorder handy because a video review would show you everything you need to know .
 This really gets dog and cat hair out . Really works , and our pets love its feel ... if you handle it with consideration of course .
 I originally found out about this product when I took my cats to the vet and she was using it on them during their exam . I saw first-hand how well it worked and asked if they sold them . The vet sold them , but at a higher price than Amazon , so I searched Amazon and as always , they had exactly what I was looking for . It takes off fur better than any other brush I 've ever seen . You have to see it to believe it . If you have cats , especially with long fur , buy this product . You wo n't regret it .
 performs as advertised , used on a long haired maine coon cat , very comfortable for the animal .
 I had one of these that i paid twice as much for at a pet store and decided to get another one for the mother-in-law 's cats . This thing works amazingly well compared to every other brush out there . It removes loose hairs while thinning the coat to prevent future shedding . You still have to use it every couple of weeks for the best effect -LRB- though I do n't use it that often -RRB- . It keeps the cats fur softer feeling as well whether young or old . Finally for the price on Amazon you cant go wrong as this is the exact same brand sold at large pet stores for $ 35 or more .
 Had heard about the Furminator as a pet brush . Have a long-haired cat and were constantly brushing off cat hair from our clothes . The Furminator removes the underlying hair from the cat and shedding is reduced at least 70 % . You do have to be careful not to press down too hard as the edge of the brush is metal but my cat still loves to be brushed . Would highly recommend .
 The FURminator de Shedding Tool with 1-3/4 - Inch Edge for Cats is an excellent tool for combing your cat . One does have to be gentle using it ... read the directions carefully . It does a great job removing excess hair.It is priced well below pet shop prices ... a good value for the money .
 Takes off the hair like you wont believe but recommend using outside as the fine hairs get flying everywhere . My cats love it though and it works wonders .
 The furminator really works , grabbing the deep down fur of our cat and removing it . The cat LOVES to be groomed with the furminator , so it must feel good .
 I just ca n't believe I waited so long to actually make this purchase ! It does everything it claims , I have promoted it to everyone I know .
 The first time we used the Furminator , I was amazed -LRB- even after watching the video -RRB- at how much fur came off our cat . It was right about the time his coat was changing from summer to winter to he was really shedding . Now once a week or so seems to be about the right fit . The cat does n't exactly love it , like so many other reviewers have indicated , but he tolerates it .
 I love this grooming brush . My cats love it too . They have not coughed up any hairballs since I started using it .
 All 3 of my cats luv this brush ! Usually they wo n't sit still long enough for me to brush them . All 3 are short to medium hair cats . And as we all know cats are the best critics !
 Absolutely wonderful product ! It did n't take long for my 2 cats to get used to it.It is easy to use but please , do n't `` attack '' or be rough/firm or press too hard ! Some videos that I 've seen are borderline of being cruel/brutal . You need to be gentle and use medium to long strokes . My female 's coat is like mink ... very thick , medium length . If you just look at her , you 're covered from head to toe in fur . I used the FURminator and even the next day , I could stroke her with my hand from head to tip of her tail with minimum fur . I 've lost count of how many `` FURmintor '' kitties I have created !
 This is the second furmminator we bought . They are amazing . Just be gentle with the pet , and they will love the attention .
 It 's an overall good comb for cat fur . It 's great for loose fur but it does n't cut through the clumps as well as another comb I have .
 I got this because one of my cats sheds really bad . The comb really helps there is barely any hair on me when I hold him now . Also my cat really likes being brushed with this which is good cause he hated the last one . Highly recommended item for cat owners !
 Works fine ; however , I plan to order a larger size . It takes too long to remove my cat 's excess hair with the small comb .
 This little tool has made me so happy . I hate when cat fur is everywhere and I was using the vac about 3 times per week to keep my house tidy . With this cat brush got so much fur - it was kinda gross but I realized just how much hair was around my house . This tool is a must . I purchased another for my dog and she was so happy to have all that fur off for the hot weather . You will need a large bag to collect the hair as you use . I was able to fill an entire brown grocery bag with just the cat fur . My 40 pound dog filled 2 such bags . It is so nice to pick up your animal and not have fur up your nose and all over your clothes .
 I have a pixie bob with long hair . She has a very thick undercoat that 's difficult to groom . The only thing I had luck with before the furminator was a $ 2 flea comb from Wal-mart . With the first brush stroke I knew this was a winner ! I brushed her for a good hour and ended up nearly filling a plastic shopping bag with hair . Also , she loved it ! The only reason I 'm rating 4 stars is that the comb does not really hold much of the hair so you 're constantly pulling it off and it tends to go everywhere .
 This was definitely worth the money . The cats love it and beg to be brushed . It removes so much fur that it has eliminated the occurance of hairballs . Delivery was terrific as well ; I received the product within 48 hours of ordering .
 Great brush ! I love how it takes out the undercoat . The cats do n't shed as much and they love the feel of it .
 I have four cats , two long haired , one medium and one short . This product worked so well I could not believe it . It worked effectively on all of the cats fur types and was easy to use . I kept going over the same areas and more and more of the loose hairs on the top , undercoat , and matted hair was removed . My male long-haired cat only will sit still for a couple minutes with a wire slicker type brush , but with this brush he would sit longer and tolerate my combing . I have also tried a bigger version on a black Lab , and a Huskie mix and it worked very well on their fur types also . Two people I know have purchased it on my recommendation and also like it very well .
 This is the best I have used on my Persians & I have 7 of them . I also purchased the Furminator for Dogs & it works just as well .
 i received the furminator a little over a week ago ... i bought the purple cat tool for my long-haired cat who sheds heavily ... i found it NEW online for ~ $ -LSB- ... -RSB- after being unwilling to pay the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- that one of the major pet stores was asking ... although it really is just a clipper blade attached to a handle -LRB- as ive seen complained about -RRB- ... it was still worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ... had i realized how great it worked , i would have bought it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ... but im a skeptical kind of gal and didnt really completely buy into it since things tend to work better on tv than at home ! i was totally wrong in this case ! ; -RRB- the first day i received the furminator , i tested it out on my cat ... he tolerated it as well as he tolerates brushing -LRB- hes almost 9 years old and doesnt like certain areas brushed -RRB- ... i removed a couple cats worth of hair from him on day one ... i didnt want to over do it as im sure any brushing is irritating for long periods ... so ive been furminating him for a few minutes every other day ... still getting a lot of hair loose ... ive already noticed a marked decrease in the amount of grey hairs found on my black couch , chairs , and comforter ... he also seems so much happier now ... hes very prone to hair mats and hairballs ... i doubt ill see much of either in the future!i did read a few reviews from people that said it didnt seem to work ... and i will tell you this ... when i use the tool on my cat , it works as ive seen on tv/online ... but my boyfriend tried to do it and almost no hair came out ... then i went over the place where he brushed my cat and i still grabbed up tons of hair ... same tool , same cat , two different results ... so , i might recommend if someone isnt seeing results using this on their cat , perhaps a change in technique would yield better results ... firm , but not hard and pull up and away -LRB- as the instructions read -RRB- ... and yes , as the others say ... hairs get everywhere ... i put tape down so i can place the hair on it so it doesnt go everywhere -LRB- to avoid vacuuming again -RRB- ! i love it ! : -RRB-
 I have two short-haired cats in a small apartment and , between vacuuming sessions , I am always on the lookout for hair-bunnies creeping up in corners or underneath counters.I was n't sure if my cats had enough hair for the FURminator to be any more effective than my other grooming tools.However , I have been all-out awed by its performance . My other grooming tools -LRB- which I thought were pretty good -RRB- just were n't pulling out the dandery undergrowth that makes their coat look dull and unkempt . I saw an immediate improvement in their coat texture - much silkier . My cats have n't been picky about grooming tools in the past but this was the first time I used something with metal teeth . Not a problem , they sit in their spots and happily bat their tails throughout the entire grooming session.The FURminator is my hands-down favorite purchase of 2008 . The amount of fur whisps I 've seen on my hardwood floor has been reduced to nearly nothing . No hairbunny surprises in ages.I was surprised to find something on Amazon with more than 400 reviews and such high ratings . It really is as good as the hype and well-worth the price .
 Daily grooming of long haired cats is a must to avoid knotted tangles . This well balanced comfortable grip tool makes the task easy on the owner & a pleasure for the cat . Even after vigorous brushing the FURminator still finds more undercoat to remove . It IS a little pricey -LRB- Amazon has by far the best price -RRB- but you will not regret the outlay .
 This is the original , not a copy . Cost in the pet stores 10 X more expensive ! Buy it here ! Works great , the professionals use this too !
 This is an excellent tool for controlling kitty 's fur around the home . It also means less fur balls for kitty . Thanks for a great tool .
 the furminator works great on both my long haired and short haired cats . Before using I did not realize how much excess fur my short haired cat had . My long haired turkish angora no longer gets matted or dreads in her fur . She does n't much like being furminated but she tolerates it . I would guess that there is 1/2 as much cat hair around my house since I started furminating my cats on a regular basis . I highly reccomend this product .
 How could I live without it for so long . No more sheding in the house .
 We followed the instructions and have taken care not to over brush her . This really seems to do the trick . She does n't mind being brushed with it and we end up with the fur-ball equalivant of another cat . She still sheds , but it 's a more tolerable amount .
 Great product for pets . This is one for cats and does a better job with getting rid of extra fur than any other product I 've tried . Also good to see fleas and ticks .
 The FURminator has drastically cut down on the amount of shed hair around the house . I also have n't seen any hairballs lately , but it 's too soon to tell if that 's a real effect of the FURminator . I find I have to use it at about once a week in order to keep my cats from shedding . It works much better than the other deshedding tools I 've tried . I 've been using it for about a month now .
 This brush is awesome ... gets rid of hair , hair and more hair . My dog loves it !!
 It works as it says , which few products do these days . I got the little one for my small dog and cat ; works perfectly . Heavy duty construction , but light weight . Grip on handle is a plus .
 Great little tool , really gets a lot of the hair off my cat so he sheds less . Make sure when you use it you do it somewhere that you can easily clean up because it really will get a ton of hair off !
 This thing really works . My cat does n't quite enjoy it like she does a brush , but she tolerates it and it is well worth it . I took her outside and I 'm glad I did , because I left a carpet of hair out there . I had to go back out with a bag to gather it all up .
 I purchased this item for my domestic short hair cat . Be prepared the first time you use it you will extract a lot of fur ! It took me a few tries to figure out the best angle to hold this tool at , but once I got it right it worked wonderfully . I was truly amazed at how much fur came off my kitty . Since I began using this brush I 've noticed him shedding less . I ca n't say for sure this is a result of the brush , but he has n't had a hairball since I started using it either.The biggest complaint I have about this tool is the price . It is quite expensive but I think worth the price.I would n't recommend using this on cats such as siamese without an undercoat . My other cat who has long hair has no undercoat and this tool is n't appropriate for him . The only time I tried it , it was obvious it was irritating to him .
 My cat sheds like crazy . He is a short haired cat and the only animal in the house but everything I own has cat hair somewhere . It even makes it way out to the car . While searching around for recommended pet brushes , I ran into the Furminator ... I , of course , balked at the price -- that is a lot of money to me for a brush BUT I bit the bullet and ordered anyway.I received the brush today and I LOVE it ! The amount of fur it removes is simply amazing . I was careful not to brush too roughly but I would think anyone with a brain would get that it is a hard metal brush and not to brush too hard . The cat loved it and I love the fact that I get to greatly reduce the hair in my house . Definitely recommend this to anyone with an animal that sheds at all .
 Works great . Cat loves it . My cat has fine hair and this is the only tool I have found that works .
 Our domestic shorthair orange tabby had a really thick undercoat and we would raise clouds of hair just when we petted him . We tried every kind of brush , the only one that did anything at all was a slicker . Then we saw the FURminator in our local pet store . I was so desperate I plunked down $ 35.00 for it -LRB- definitely buy it on Amazon ! -RRB- , but I never regretted it . Our cat loved being groomed with it , and we would get tons of fur off , much more than the slicker . I would then use the slicker to clean off whatever loose fur was left . The big boy always felt so proud of himself when we were done ! We just got a pair of brothers , also orange tabbies , and I noticed they shed a lot too . As soon as they are more used to their new home , I 'll try it on them.I think this tool works best on cats that have a lot of underfur . Go easy with it at first until you see how your cat likes it . It is sharp . Ours liked to be groomed quite firmly with this , as his undercoat was very thick .
 My cat loves getting groomed using this comb and purrs like an engine . Really helps keep down the fur balls too .
 This product is amazing ! My cats absolutely love it and it really does reduce their shedding . When I brush them , it pulls out piles and piles of hair , every day . My vacuum is no longer picking up so much hair and my clothes are cleaner too ! I highly recommend the FURminator to anyone with shedding animals !
 My cat has ALOT of hair and LOVES to be brushed and i brushed her for five min . and got a hole handful of fur ! i am going to throw away my old brush ! if i brushed for 10 min on old one i would get 1 min on this !! i love it !!!
 I have used the Furminator a few times . It definately takes out a lot of fur and reduces shedding ; however , it does get kind of messy . Of course , messy is the nature of removing pet fur . My cats loved being brushed and the big one looked much skinnier !!!
 The groomer at the pet store recommended the FURminator while she was grooming my cat . She suggested going to Amazon.com since she found a lower price then her own pet store . I am so happy with the FURminator for it 's ease of use and Fang Face actually comes running when he sees me pulling out the tool . I have a few neighbors that want to test it out and I know they will purchase one also .
 This is a MUST have for any pet owner . It is truely amazing . The amount of hair it gets off our cats is incredible . No more hairballs ! No more hair covered couch cushions !!!
 The comb is a very good product for my long haired cat . I was leary on spending that kind of money on a comb but after using it , I was convinced it was a good purchase . I depend heavily on product reviews and the reviews were very favorable . If you are wondering if you should spend the money , I 'd say do it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 The Furminator comb is wonderful ! It works great ! It removes the undercoat of the cats so they do n't shed as much . Much less fur on the sofa , chairs and carpet .
 Bought this a while ago and ever since my life has changed!I was skeptic if this would even work since I just could n't find any solution to all the cat hair around the house . No matter how much I would comb my cat with a regular brush , the house would still be full of stray hairs - on the carpets , furniture , beds and just everywhere.I was also worried that this would be too painful to use on my cat.The comb comes with a no-slip grip on the handle and on the end are the comb teeth which come with a plastic covering to keep them safe . First , tried this on the back of my hand to see that it does n't hurt . Sat the cat down as if we were using the regular brush and with a single stroke lots and lots of hair came out . It was unbelievable . I saw on the Furminator website the video of the cat being brushed and was sure that there was something strange in the video since huge clumps of hair were being taken off in a single stroke but this was real!After a through brushing there is significantly less hair around the house and as long as you do this 2-3 times a week you wo n't understand how you ever lived without this . A very good investment !
 Those of you of a certain age will remember the commercial for Life Cereal , in which Mikey , who hates everything , loves it . I did n't think I could ever get my female ragdoll to accept grooming -- I just cut off the dreadlocks that form from her thick undercoat . She likes it ! My big guy ragdoll likes anything that involves petting and praising him , so he ca n't really be considered an endorser . But I am so pleased . Maybe Fanny wo n't have to have odd chunks cut out of her fur anymore !
 This gets so much hair off of your cat that you can make a new one!my animals love it.make sure to do it on a towel and be prepared to vacuum afterwards .
 Three out of four cats surveyed enjoyed being combed with the Furminator . -LRB- The fourth always thinks I am playing when I try to comb or brush her and tries to rip my arm off . -RRB- The reviewers who said you could make a new cat out of the fur removed may have been more correct than they realized . When I looked at my cats in bright sunlight after Furminating them , I realized that I could see all the way through the outer coat to the skin on their backs . If these cats went outdoors -LRB- they do n't -RRB- , they could actually get sunburned . The amount of loose hair floating around the house has decreased dramatically . So I rate this tool as highly effective but suggest that it be used with care on outdoor animals .
 Ours is a short haired cat - a Burmese . She is a diva princess who enjoys wrapping me around her paw . She has an excellent mind which she displays by talking a lot and by sauntering purposely purposelessly around the house . She 's a proud cat and likes to boss her staff around . For example , she sometimes gets hungry at 3 in the morning . She then chirps a little . When that does n't work , she simply starts licking noses - our noses . And then , like a teen girl who wants the keys to the family car , she stares with wide eyes and purrs until I get up to give her a snack . Sometimes she eats it but usually it 's simply a demonstration of power.And then we got the furminator . The princess enjoys her prettiness but does not enjoy being brushed . She was surprised by the furminator because it did n't feel like a brush but , when she realized she was being groomed , she reacted as though I was intentionally humiliating her in front of all her paramours . She screeches , she spits and she writhes until she understands I am in charge . She resigns herself for a few minutes and then cranks the drama up again . What a wonderful feeling it is to have this cat demanding something of me and realizing it 's not going to happen . What a wonderful feeling to know she is furious but powerless . And the feeling lasts even after the brushing is done - she slinks off to a corner to groom herself because , obviously , I 've made a mess of her . But then she gets over it and hops into my wife 's lap for consolation.If you have a diva - get one of these things . It 's like chicken soup for the spirit and it makes her pretty . Her coat is shiny and all the raggedness of the undercoat is gone . I am always surprised how much hair comes out but she never looks bald.Five stars . For sure .
 I 've owned cats literally all of my life , and , naturally , shedding has always been an issue . Our dogs were rather fuzzy , too , so , our house was covered in fur . Well , a couple of years ago , I got a long hair cat for the first time , and he gets MASSIVE hairballs . The treats , the brush , the goop , even my mom 's favorite - olive oil , did n't stop the hairballs.My parents bout the dog furminator and told me how great it worked , so I decided to try it out . Grigori loves it ! I ca n't press down too hard -LRB- duh , you ca n't press down too hard with any brush -RRB- , but he loves being groomed , and so much fur comes out . He purrs , too , so it 's not hurting him.Perfectly happy .
 I think the overall quality of this product is wonderful . Although , maybe I should have gotten a bigger one for my kitten . He 's a short hair cat but it still does n't collect it all , sometimes it yanks the hair but does n't pick it up so I 'm left with loose hairs all over , and the brush is n't even full of hair yet ...
 My vet recommended this for my elderly cat who ca n't groom himself so well anymore . It really gets the undercoat thinned out and as long as you follow directions and are gentle , he likes it . It works really well on my young cat , who has a coarser coat , too . I was very pleased with the quick shipment and the price .
 It really does remove a lot of fur . But it does make a mess because it does n't catch the fur like a brush will .
 This product works . It does what it says it 's going to do . It is over-priced , but so are a lot of other things that DO N'T do what they say they are going to do.My cat is not fan of being brushed in general , and she equally despised being furminated.My advice is this
 Love this ! I have 5 cats and shedding was a problem . Now with furminator shedding is not an issue . When you pick the cats up there is no fur at all stuck to your clothes . There coats are amazing ! The cats love the attention . Great Product .
 I was told by a friend how much they liked the Furminator when she used it on her cat . She lent it to me for a weekend , I used it and was completely sold . I ordered one for myself . When it arrived I could n't wait to use it , I was so happy with it . I even lent mine to a co-worker who used it on her bulldog & loved it , -LRB- so did the dog -RRB- . The funniest thing that happened when I took out the Furminator was that both of my cats came running to be brushed , both were perfectly content & even funnier was when it was my other cat 's turn to be brushed my other cat came over & swatted him as if to say it 's still my turn . I love this product !!!
 This product realy pulls up the hair from our cats . They seem to shed less now . Great product !
 I have a Maine Coon cat that is long haired . And although he does n't shed all that much on a day-to-day basis , he did have a period of time when it was much worse -LRB- one of his bi-annual times for `` molting '' . -RRB- And I received the FURMinator just in time . It worked great in removing a lot of excess undercoat when used the first couple of times . Now that the heavy shedding time seems to be past it still gets out the extra hair he 'd likely shed & he looks beautiful & feels like silk . I highly recommend this product for all cat owners .
 This tool is wonderful !! It works real well , I had piles of hair and nomore cat hair problem.Highly recommended !!
 Wow ! What a great item ! The amount of hair that this pulls off is amazing . I have 2 cats , plus 2 neighborhood cats that visit all the time . One cat loves to be brushed and has very long very fine fur . The Furminator only does a so-so job on her fur type , and she does not enjoy it as much as her regular wire brush - but that 's ok as she is not my shedding problem and the wire brush works great for her . Cat 2 has very dense , coarse medium length fur and does not like to be brushed one bit . She is also short for her weight so is not able to groom her back very well so has lots of fur that she needs help with . This brush did an amazing job getting out clumps and piles and piles of dead fur and she tolerated it better than the regular brush so we could brush a little longer . Her coat simply feels amazing ! The two neighborhood cats have short fur that is on the coarser side . I had no idea how they felt about being brushed , but decided to try . They both loved it ! And , again , the amount of fur that just flies off is amazing - and with very little effort ! -LRB- Please see the photo another user posted - that is no joke , I got that much fur from each of the 3 cats . -RRB- Makes me want to brush them all the time , maybe I wo n't have to keep covers on my furniture .
 This product works like a miracle , and my Ragdoll cat `` Daisy '' loves this ! I am happy .
 Best brush I 've seen ! My mom actually stole this brush from me to use on her dog -LRB- a golden chow mix -RRB- and it completely changed her coat from a fluffy , thick , uncofortable mass to a sleek managable coat -LRB- the dog looked like she had never been brushed when we adobted her -RRB- . She ended up getting her own Furniator since it worked so well . I originally got this for my little kittens , one of which has the long hair . It 's worked great so far my only complaint is that it 's a little big for their bodies but that will be fixed over time . Otherwise love it !
 I purchased this a year ago & could n't be happier . I have 4 cats that USED to shed even though I brushed them regularly . After switching to the Furminator shedding has stopped ! The amount of fur it removes is amazing . I recommend this to any pet owner . The best part is my cats actually do n't complain !
 This is absolutely , without a doubt , the BEST tool you can use to virtually eliminate your cat 's shedding . After using the Furminator on my cat , I can now pet him without getting a bunch of fur on my hands . My furniture has MUCH less cat hair on it , too . It is wonderful to have a product actually perform like it says it will ! This was the best $ 27 . xx I ever spent on my cat !
 All I can say is that my Cat loves to be brushed with it and it gets out the fur . It seems a bit like razor blades , but its safe to touch and does not pull the fur . Very heavy duty design . - Joshua
 I read the other glowing reviews of this product and thought , `` Is it really that great ? '' Well , it really is . I have three cats and two of them do n't ever have problems with shedding or matted hair . My Norwegian Forest Cat , however , gets a very matted coat every year in the fall . I 've resorted to getting him shaved to prevent this problem , but I think this tool will save me $ 80 every year ! The FURminator -LRB- with the purple head -RRB- removes the undercoat like nobody 's business ! And my cat loved the bushing - just do n't concentrate on one spot for too long , the area will get irritated -LRB- as will your cat -RRB- . And like other reviewers have recommended , use this outside or else you 'll have fluffs of hair ALL OVER your carpet and floating in the air .
 I can not believe how much hair this thing removes . The only downside is that I 'm addicted to using it . My husband thinks I 'm crazy , and I hope my cats have some hair remaining when tire of brushing them !
 The Furminator is a GREAT item for the short haired pet . It does not work so well with the long-haired cat though ; too much pull . If you have a white haired kitty this product is a must have item . Well worth the money .
 We have 2 dogs and a cat and have tried other brushes , but none even compare to the FURminator ! It takes out more hair than you can imagine and definitely lessens shedding . Highly recommended ! My pets do n't mind it at all !
 I would definitely recommend the FURminator . It works and delivers as promised . Compared to the brush I was using before there was no comparison . I would barely get any hair off my cat with the old one , with the FURminator I was able to get a whole shopping bag 's worth of hair off my cat.My cat seemed to like it a little at first , but he got a little restless after a while . My cat is a little jumpy to begin with so I would expect calmer cats wo n't be bothered by it much.My only minor complaint about this product is that it 's a little pricey considering it 's basically a metal fine toothed comb attached to a soft grip plastic handle . Cheap materials , I think it should be at least 5-10 dollars cheaper easily .
 I 've heard such great things about the Furminator . When I bought it and tried it on my short-haired cat , sure enough , I got a grocery bag full of hair ! Not only that , my cat LOVED the feeling . She rolled back and forth as I brushed her , rubbing her head against me and then she curled up on a pillow and fell asleep , purring , while I kept brushing her ! -LRB- I could n't work on her belly at that point , but there was plenty of hair to get off of her back ! -RRB- I 'm sure my cat would have loved me to keep brushing -- and there was no end to the hair I was getting off of her -- but I got tired out ! I ca n't wait to use it on her again soon !
 I have used a few gromming tools for cats and by far this is the best . Easy to clean and the cat appears to like it also .
 We have 5 kitties indoors . 3 are long-haired , 2 are shorter-fuzzed . They all go crazy when I break out the Furminator . . I really think they recognize the purple ! They all fight to be first in line.We live in a one-bedroom apartment , and I can really tell when I 've been lax in using the comb . It takes three times as long to vacuum the place!This is SO much better than anything I 've found at Petco or Petland . I would highly recommend .
 I bought this to use on our two cats and our short haired Boston Terrier . The dog could take it our leave it , but the cats adore it . It is amazing the amount of fur you get out of them.You do need to be gentle and not do it every day , though . Also , when you go by their face and neck , be extra careful because the teeth are spaced so close together they will rip a whisker out.I try to do a light furminator a couple times a week on both the cats , and they beg for it when I do n't do it.I have noticed a great improvement in the overall luster of their coat and a decrease in shedding . They just look healthy and good.I suggest setting a wettened paper towel down by your working area , to pull the `` fur eyebrows '' that come off this brush and keep them contained until you are done . Then you can take another damp papertowel and gently wipe the cat off .
 The Furminator is amazing ! Every other brush I have ever bought for my cat has been close to useless . Not the Furminator . When I used this on my two cats , they looked like they had gotten a haircut afterwards . I could pet them again without having loose hair fall off of them . Every pet owner should have a Furminator . Just beware of the massive amounts of fur that will come off of your pet ; be ready to jump in the shower after you 're done using this thing .
 It really is as great as they say , there are cheaper knockoffs and info on the internet about how to make your own Furminator with clipper shears , but part of what is great about the Furminator is the heft and comfort of the handle.Be sure and order this purple version for cats , the blue one that claims to be for both dogs and cats has more space between the teeth on the comb so it does not work well on most cats . Also be aware that if your cat has very thin hairs this might not remove that much , but on shorthair cats with thick fur this will remove gobs and gobs of fur , and they love to be brushed with it !
 I got it yesterday and took enough hair off of my long-haired cat to make a fur coat for some poor hairless cat that 's sitting around somewhere shivering . My cat is a cry baby but did n't seem to be that affected by it . -LRB- He 's a complainer -RRB- The fur flies everywhere though so I would suggest using it in a bathroom while wearing clothes you were n't planning on going on a hot date with . Make sure to get the tail !
 I purchased the Feline model at a local street fair after taking a good look at the blades and comparing them with the tined groomer I was * trying * to use on my cat . She was happy to be groomed with the Zoom Groom -LRB- which I also recommend highly -RRB- but never liked slickers or tined combs . I tried the new groomer out on the kitty as soon as I got home . Lo and behold , the purr machine started and the cat actually turned on the other side so that I could brush both . The other , inferior product was consigned to the recylcling bin . We now have daily Furminator brushing with the cat actually jumping on her cat tree and meowing for a session . My short haired cat is producing small , yet significant amounts of undercoat even after daily brushings . This tool really does work and she enjoys the experience , which makes it better for both of us . And her coat is shiny and beautiful !
 Buy this ! Whatever you are using on your cat now does not compare to this miraculous tool . I tried quite a few brushes , etc. . I was a little turned off by the price , so I was hesistant to buy it . It was n't until my mom sung the praises of the FURminator that I finally broke down and bought it . She used it with great success on her three cats and two dogs and could n't imagine being without it . Yes - it 's pricier than regular grooming tools - but as I found out , it is worth every penny . I searched around and Amazon offers THE BEST PRICE . Your cat will love getting brushed and you will have a whole let less vacuuming and cleaning ! You will be amazed how much hair this pulls off - you will have to use your dust buster afterward , or as the previous reviewer mentioned , you may just want to deshed your kitty outside .
 This is the best shedding tool I have ever used . Extremely effective , although your cat might need a little bit of convincing . I must have pulled off a solid 2-3 pounds of loose hair with this thing .
 I was really surprised with amount of fur which was removed by this tool ! The cat did n't seem to mind having this done . It is a must have !
 This thing works GREAT ! It 's amazing how much fur comes off my kitty . The only problem is that I have to chase her around the house or hold her still as she struggles to get away . I can tell it does n't hurt her but she does NOT like it -LRB- and cat owners know - if the cat does n't like it , it ai n't happening -RRB- . At least she does n't attack it or growl like with her old brush . I end up doing the brushing in spurts of a minute or two at a time , but they are very effective minutes !
 Seriously , this is the best cat brush I have EVER used . The amount of fur it brushes up is STAGGERING . I could practically knit myself a new cat . Of course the blade is metal , so you have to move around and not brush the same place too hard repeatedly , but that 's simple logic . My cats really seem to enjoy it too ... which can be a problem , because they flip onto their backs unto a cloud of brushed up fur I had yet to grab ! This brush makes every other brush seem ridiculous . However - I use ONLY on my short-haired cats . My long-haired cat gets a different brush . O how I wish they made a model for long haired cats ... this one really does n't work on them , but seems to rip the fur and does n't get much up . For the short haired however , this is the BEST !!
 I have two short-hair cats , one of which has a pretty bad shedding problem and a coarse coat . I used to use the wire cat combs to comb both of them to no avail -LRB- and they hated it , too ! -RRB- . When I originally purchased the FURminator , I was pretty skeptical . When I first used the Furminator on Alex who has the thicker coat , so much fur was removed that it filled half of a plastic bag . My fianc&eacute; and I could n't believe it ! A few more brushing sessions and her fur was so soft and shiny , it was like we had a new cat . Now both of my cats love their grooming sessions ! Highly recommended !!!
 Our kitty WILL sit still for this as long as I can manage . After about 20 minutes of straight brushing , I have to shoo her away because my arm ca n't go anymore.This brush really works , and she throughly enjoys brushing time ! It 's amazing how you can brush the same 3 by 3 square inch and come up with hair everytime . She loves it so much , she would probably let me brush her until she was bald .
 This product is truly amazing . I could n't believe the amount of hair it removed . There is much less hair shed around my house .
 Milo is 20 years old , and I 've brushed him - with what I thought was a really effective cat-brush - all along the way . Based on other reviews , I got this and within 5 min we 'd removed so much more hair , really ! Huge fur-balls from a supposedly groomed cat . And he loved it . It must be a professional grade tool .
 Great product . The cat loves it , and it 's really useful for combing dogs in small areas . It 's amazing how much hair you get off a short haired dog every day .
 I gave the Furminator as a gift to my sister-in-law for use on her 3 cats ; two of which are long haired . She said the cats did not like it -- it pulled their hair -- so she went back to using the comb she had been using in the past . So I took the Furminator and used it on my short haired cat . She loved it . All I had to do was show her the Furminator and she would run over to me . Did a good job of getting the undercoat hair out .
 I was curious about the Furminator , but I balked at the almost $ 40 price tag at a well-known pet products store . Amazon 's price was more reasonable so I gave it a try . My long-haired cat dislikes being groomed ; I have about 10 seconds each time , if I 'm lucky ! With the Furminator I can get several good , productive passes over his coat before the claws come out , so a little each day is making a big difference in his coat . it appears this tool does n't hurt him like everything else did . Highly recommend !
 I debated for quite awhile before buying this because of the price but finally decided to try it . It really does an amazing job of removing fur , much much more than any other brush I 've tried . I ca n't say if it really cuts down on shedding as much as it claims as I have n't owned it long enough to know at this point . I gave it 4 stars only because I feel it is overpriced , but it is a wonderful product .
 DEFURMANATOR FOR CATS IS THE GREATEST THING ! I HAVE A SHORT HAIRED SIAMESE WHO SHEDS A LOT . I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AND IT IS UNBELIEVABLE HOW MUCH HAIR COMES OFF OF HIM !!! HE LOVES IT TOO !!!! IT IS THE BEST CAT BRUSH/COMB DESHEDDING TOOL I EVER HAD !!!
 I like the furminator , it does what it says it will do.I thought if you did it you wouldn `` t have to do it for a week or so , you can do it every day
 This is one product that 's almost TOO good ... I 've never seen so much dead hair come off of a cat in my life . When you use this according to instructions , be prepared to have your hands full and a place to dispose of the hair 'cause you 're going to need it . Wish I had invented it ...
 This is by far the best cat brush I 've used . My cat will actually let me use this one on him .
 We have four cats , one of whom is 26 pounds . He is the one who does n't like to be brushed . Needless to say , he 's pretty much in charge of his own universe . We have tried many different brushing tools on him . He allows a couple of brushes and then it 's over.But with this tool , he literally stopped eating and stopped and waited while we brushed him . He enjoyed it . It felt good . It also pulled out knots and undercoat.This tool is superb .
 We have 3 cats , and this tool gets an UNBELIEVABLE amount of hair off all of them , esp . our short haired cats . Cuts down on hairballs and vacuuming . I ca n't say enough good things about it .
 Product arrived before the notice of shipment . Amazing ! Works like a miracle and I 've given two -LRB- so far -RRB- as gifts .
 Works great , and my little terror will actually lay there and let me do it . He loves it . It gets off an unbelieveable amount of hair . The first time I did it , his tail was half its size . LOL
 I have very fluffy cats , one who gets horrible knots . This brush works wonders . It 's amazing how much fur you get off .
 I had my reservations about this tool -LRB- because of the price and my usual cynical attitude regarding advertising -RRB- but it 's AMAZING . I use it on my three Siamese cats and it has cut down on their shedding by at least 70 % . After using it a few times , they now love it as well -LRB- at first they were n't too excited about it , it 's metal so be gentle if your cats are use to a soft brush or no brushing at all -RRB- . In the Pet stores they are priced even higher -LRB- PetCo & PetSmart charge like $ 36 for it in their stores locally here I saw , but less on their site , still it 's cheaper to get it here -RRB- . I think the small blue one might sell even cheaper and it 's the right size for cats , so if you want to save maybe a few more bucks you can get the Small Blue one instead of the Purple cat one . They are the same tool , just different widths.Anyway , this product is AMAZING !
 No matter how many times a day I brushed my cat with a regular cat brush , you could see hairs flying off him as he walked through the house and his coat looked shabby . I bought a deshedding tool at a local pet store and my cat would fight me everytime I used it . It pulled his hair and hurt the big fella . I was skeptical about trying another tool but what the heck , the name was catchy and what did I have to lose ? I must say I was surprised the first time I used it , my cat did not fight me and actually purred a satisfying purr . The amount of hair I combed out was amazing . I could have made a sweater out of it ! Needless to say , the FURminator works and I am a happy customer .
 I use this on my American Shorthair , and even though he does n't shed very much , the FURminator easily removes loose fur from his undercoat and leaves his coat looking very sleek and beautiful . He actually granded at the first cat show after I purchased the FURminator ... . Enough said !
 I 'm a dog groomer , and i swear by this product at work . I also started using it at home on my short hair cat and it does wonders for his shedding . Well worth the cost .
 This works wonderfully on my cats . It removes a lot of fur and I do n't have to kill my fingers trying to remove the discarded fur from the deshedder .
 OMG A friend told me about the furminator , although he had never tried it . When I saw how much cheaper I could get it on-line compared to the local pet stores I figured even if it was n't great I would n't be wasting alot of money . Well , I did not waste any ! The amount of hair I got off my cat in just one stroke made my jaw drop ! It did not bother her either getting combed . I brought it to work and lent to several people to try on their cat and dogs , and everyone of them ordered their own . I love my cat , but hated her just the same from all the loose hair , maybe it wo n't be so bad if I use it regularly , , , just use it in a place that 's easy to clean up , like hardwood floors . And they have one with an ejector , wish I saw that before I purchased this one .
 My cats , who hate to be brushed , actually sit still for this . It does a great job of removing loose hair . Unfortunately , I did n't realize it would remove `` all '' hair if you keep brushing in one area ! Poor kitty , she now has very little hair down her back ! But if done correctly , it works beautifully .
 Im going to keep this short ... My cat was shedding like crazy so i looked up solutions , i saw a recommendation for this product so i bought one . It is awesome , and performs as advertised if not better . Its also very well made not cheap/flimsy like the other combs i have bought.If your pet sheds , get this !
 I have to say that this item works wonderfully . I 'll keep the review short and to the point with it 's pro 's and con 's -LRB- my personal experience anyway -RRB- . Pros + Grabs all of the extra undercoat . I can literally get handfuls of hair after one session of combing . + Very sturdy/quality craftsmanship . It has a good weight to it.Cons - My cats -LRB- I have two -RRB- tend to get tired of the combing pretty fast . I 'm not sure if it pulls too much or if its just the repetitive motion that annoys them after awhile . - Sometimes it kind of loosens the dry skin/dandruff underneath the coat making things flaky.In the end , this product definitely delivers and is worth getting . Cats can be picky about it , but it 's worth annoying them a little to save your house from being taken over by cat hair .
 My cat had a serious hairball problem . He was hacking one up at least once every other day . So I frantically searched for the best combs . I probably bought about a gagillion different kinds before I stumbled upon this one . The other ones simply did not grab the loose hair . He 's a super cute , medium hair cat with silky fur , thus the loose coat just slid right by . However , the only other comb that I have that worked was a baby comb I got at the dollar store . But that seriously took forever to comb . FOREVER . The first time I used the FURminator , I was truly surprised to see how much hair came out ! I had to take him outside because there was too much fur flying around . -LRB- He thought that his flying hairballs were birds -RRB- . He immediately looked slimmer and his coat was brighter . I 've had this product for about a year now , and am now hairball free !! It 's definitely amazing.Obviously , this product is not for everyone . The website suggests which breeds of cats and dogs NOT to use the FURminator on.TIPS : If you 're afraid that it will damage your pet 's coat , then simply do n't brush them everyday . They do n't need it . If you suspect that it does damage their hair , then immediately report it to the company . You may have a defected product.Follow the directions . Do n't brush your pet when he/she is wet or has knots.I brush my cat when he 's busy watching birds out of the window.If you are going to brush your pet for the first time with this comb , do it outside!Oh and be careful on the tail . It 's a very sensitive area . I generally do n't brush my cat 's tail because he 's only a medium hair . ** You are obviously the best judge of your pet 's health and comfort . This product has nearly 1,500 five star reviews under the original product listing . I 'd take the risk and buy it . Oh wait , I already did and loved it .
 I highly recommend this grooming tool . I use it on our Maine Coon cat and our tabby . The maine coon has a very long and thick coat . He sheds a lot . This has really improved the amount of shedding for both cats and they do n't mind it at all . Of course , use it very gently at first .
 We 've been using the FURminator for a few days now . We 've removed a cat 's worth of hair from our cat , CiCi . And she still has tons of hair . She does n't really care all that much to be brushed and we seem to grab the brush and her just about every day . Well , my husband does , anyway . I really do n't brush her all that much myself . I get to vaccuum up all the hair on everything ... Anyway , our cat is a long-haired super shedder . That 's a domestic type cat of some kind . She will tolerate the FURminator about the same as the wire brush -- she 'd run if she could , but if you get a good hold of her , she 's yours while you attempt to remove hair . The FURminator removes a load of hair compared to the wire brush . It takes little effort , other than holding the cat down . So , for less effort we are removing more hair . She 's not bald -- not even close . I imagine if we keep this up for a couple more weeks we 'll be able to taper down to every other day.The amound of hair we 're taking off CiCi is amazing ! Piles of it ! It 's kind of sickly fascinating ! SO , what can we do with this hair ? I guess we could put it out for the birds to line nests with ? I do n't really want to learn to make cathair yarn , altho I do know how to knit.Wish I had bought this years ago . I would probably have saved money on lint rollers ...
 Well , like a lot of other people , I was doubtful that this would actually help with the `` fur situation '' . We have 2 cats and everything is covered !! I have been pleasantly surprised at how well the Furminator really works . Now , I just have to remember to use it on a regular basis .
 Removes a load of fur . Cats enjoy it . You must comb and brush still . Already told our vet about it . Will tell others . Great grooming aid.Make sure to read instructions for use !!!
 WORKS WONDERS ... I ASKED MY DAUGHTER HOW IT WORKS ... SHE HAD A BAG FULL OF CAT HAIR THE FIRST TIME AND SECOND TIME SHE USED IT . ALL I CAN SAY IS WOW !
 Good product when used often . I use the product once a month on my cat due to my allegies . It does take time because the deshedder removes alot of loose fur . My cat loves to get combed with it , so as long as you have the time I recommend purchasing this product .
 I 've gone through countless brushes for my short haired cat but none could give me the results that the furminator gave me . Within the first try I was almost able to fill up the little bag it came in full of fur ! My cat does not shed like he used to before and I 'm sure he appreciates it now that the summer heat is coming !
 My two cats love this , and it really works . I figured the male would like it as he loves to be groomed . He rolls over to allow access to all sides of his body . Now even his sister , who used to squirm away from being combed or brushed , willingly comes to be `` furminated '' ! I use it very gently and collect the fur off the comb as I go . Each session produces several handfuls of fluff to throw in the wastebasket . Really helps reduce shedding , and the cats are obviously more comfortable , especially in hot weather .
 I have a long hair cat . She sheds constantly . The first time I used the Furminator deShedding Tool I removed about 1/2 groecery bag of hair . I was shocked . Over the next week I used the tool a couple of more times . I was watching the chair where she usually sleeps and in one week there was hardly any hair there at all . Usually I have to clean up her hair in that spot a few times a week . I absolutely recommend this product . I have never written a review for any product . Also , I bought the xtra large Furminator deShedding tool for my dog and I was just has happy with the product for the dog . Both tools has really cut down on the pet hair in the house . I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This tool works well at removing a large amount of Kitty hair and my cat enjoys being brushed with this tool .
 Finally a product that works . I have 16 cats and 3 dogs . Several of the cats and one of the dogs sheds horribly . This is the first product that I was able to find that actually does what it says it does , and for a decent price . I would recommend it to anyone with a shedding problem , or just for grooming .
 We have TWO Persians and this brush , believe me , is the BEST one on the market ! However , do NOT follow the directions that indicate you can brush the cat inside as long as you do so in an area that is vacuumable . This DEFINITELY has to be used outside . You wo n't believe the hair that comes out with this thing and honestly , it will go everywhere if you use it inside . Neighbors might not like your cat 's hair blowing around in their yard , but the birds will love using it in their nests ! Ca n't say enough good about this thing but one thing 's for sure . No more furrballs in this house ! HIGHLY , HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!!
 I do n't know why I did n't purchase this FURminator a long time ago because is amazing . I got a cat 's - worth of hair from my cat in a half-hour and feel that I am not finished yet.And my cranky cat seemed to love it , never once trying to move away.One review said a slicker brush was better . No way ! I have used various slicker brushes over the years and it does not even come close to the FURminator.Also , the price at Amazon was less then half the price of the identical item at my local -LRB- but large -RRB- pet store .
 Very pleased with this product for my 2 short haired cats . After brushing with regular brush , can use this one and still remove tons of hair as it goes fully down into undercoat for removal rather than just removing the top coat . One cat comes begging to be brushed and tons of hair is removed even though it does n't appear she even needs brushing . The first time I used it however , I applied too much pressure and I could see her skin slightly so the warning is to go easy with your pressure . The other cat likes it too but I have to be very careful and use it extremely lightly or she will bat at me . I then finish the session with a regular cat brush to smooth the top layer of hair . Very happy with purchase .
 So I was very skeptical ... I have a Himalayan so cat hair is something I am used to . I have bought so many `` gadgets '' and I 've always been disappointed . I had heard about this product but found it at the local pet store for $ 35 and was not ready to pay that much money for something I was not sure would work . I then found the same item here for a fraction of the price . All the reviews were good so I decided to purchase it . I am SO GLAD I did . This tool is amazing ! I used it for a few minutes on my cat last night and I got so much hair out . My cat is happy so it does n't seem to create any pain or discomfort and I have never used something so efficient . It is supposed to reduce up to 90 % of shedding , well now that I have tried it , I am not surprised ! I have one regret ... I should have bought it much earlier !
 After reading all the glorious reviews I decided to give it a go myself on my two ginger cats . This tool seems to be very effective on minimizing hair shedding ! However , one of my cat does n't seem to care for it and tries to fight me every time I get near him with this thing . The other cat with shorter hair does n't seem to mind much . Still , best thing I 've never used on war against cat hair !
 I feel a little silly reviewing the Furminator , like I 'm pitching for a television ad . But last year we took in two strays that at eight weeks old looked like domestic short-hairs , but eventually their Maine Coon heritage asserted itself . I 've never had to live with so much fur in my household!This brush does a great job on the cats , and the cats like being brushed with it . But what I really like is that it works just as well on furniture and rugs . If your upholstery has a nap , the brush pulls up all the embedded fur . Faster and easier than hauling out the vacuum ! -LRB- For smooth fabrics , just slip on a rubber kitchen glove and wipe the fur away . -RRB- Last night I discovered entirely by accident that an area rug with short , dense fibers has been harboring fur for years in places my vacuum apparently does n't reach , even though I have a Hoover Windtunnel . A few swipes with the Furminator and all is well .
 This is the best product I have bought for grooming my long haired cat . Believe me , I have bought alot of grooming tools in the past and this one works !!!
 Has n't stopped shedding completely , but hopefully will prevent furballs -- which is what I was more concerned about.I have 2 short haired cats and have managed a few 5-10 minute sessions with this tool resulting in golf-ball sized fur balls . Definitely does what it says .
 I have several feline companions and have never been happy with the brushes I 've purchased , well not until this one , that is . I have a Tortishell with a very thick coat so I really got it for Angelica but it 's great even for my short hair cats ! Believe me do n't think about it buy this you 'll be thrilled !
 This product is amazing !! I was so surprised at the amount of hair I was able to remove from my cat the first time I used this product . My cat had `` hairball '' and `` shedding '' issues which are now GONE !! I would `` HIGHLY '' recommend this product . You will not be disappointed.Also , the price of this item on Amazon is unbeatable !!! What a great value !
 I love this de-shedding tool . It is shocking to see how much loose dead hair comes off.It would be all over you or your house without this device . The price was amazing . Tryand do better pricewise - I doubt it ...
 My FURminator just arrived , and i had to give it a try . My cat absolutely loves it ! She would n't sit still with other brushes , but I read such great reviews about this one that I had to see if it would work . I just spent about 2 minutes brushing her , and she turned over , purring louder than ever . This one is totally a keeper ... I will throw the rest out . And hopefully it will reduce the amount of fur around the rest of my house !
 My cat has long hair and is a wimp when it comes to nail clipping or grooming . She has never had a bath is 16 years old but - she has always been like this - I do not know if she has super tender spots on her body but she does let me use it on certain areas but not on her rear or legs . . sometimes she allows me to do a little on her tummy . It works good - I just do n't realize sometimes when it going catch on a a tough little knot in her fur . She gets miffed and that session is over ... . but I am glad I bought it even if I though at first it was too much due to the shipping up here to canada , thats about it .
 This is an excellent tool for getting out all the undercoat on short haired cats .
 I 've used loop and other shedding tools for my two cats for a long time . Until I found this product on CoolTools I had been pretty happy with the shedding tools.But when I got my furminator , it all changed . The cats love being brushed with it and it does a fantastic job getting rid of that fluffy , shedding undercoat!I highly recommend this for any cat owners out there that are tired of constant shedding .
 The furminator is awesome ! It really does get the hair out and my cat , Wiley , absolutely loves it ! He rolls around and rubs on everything while I 'm brushing him and he lies on his back so I can brush his belly ! I get handfuls of hair off every time I brush him . My other cat , Maggie , does n't care for it too much , but she just does n't like getting brushed in general . I got the larger one for my mom 's dog and the equine one for her horses . It works better then any other brush I 've ever used . A good example of you only get what you pay for . Highly recommended !
 This product was highly recommended by our veterinarian , and we have to agree , it 's by far the best instrument for grooming our cat . Especially effective for getting at that dense undercoat . No more fur balls !
 This is the best cat brush ever ! With just a few strokes , I can come up with a huge mound of fur . My cat does n't seem to mind it all , but she has always liked to be brushed . From the first time I used it , her coat was not only shinier , but more her colors were more vibrant because all the dead hair was gone . She also looked less frizzy . The only problem I have is that the `` removed '' hair tufts are everywhere .
 This is by far the most effective brush I 've ever used on my two medium-haired cats . It takes off more excess hair in one stroke than my old slicker brush got off in five minutes of brushing ! After just a few minutes of brushing , I had filled about half of my kitchen garbage can with cat hair . I could hardly believe my cats had any hair left!It has a sharp edge , and I thought it might hurt the cats ' skin , but as long as you do n't press down hard , they do n't seem to mind . My cats squirm away from it if I try to hold them in one place too long to use it , but they do that anyway when they do n't feel like being held . They do n't love being brushed -LRB- never have -RRB- , but they do n't cry or hiss at the brush either.The only reason for losing a star is because I think this item is WAY overpriced for what it is . Yeah , it does a great job , but come on
 Great tool . Ozzy the Cat has a double coat and sheds year-round . This is the first time I have been able to properly groom this cat ! And he did not object , as he has with other items purchased in the past . Highly recommended and worth the price .
 Our cat sheds a lot and we 've cut down on hair on the carpet since we began using the furminator . Plus , the cat loves it !
 I know you 're thinking that this product is a little expensive and it is . But it 's worth it . I 've used this on two cats and also a dog . The amount of fur that it removes is amazing . I no longer have to de-fur my black pants , sofa , etc. . This removes all that undercoat that mats on dogs and my cats only hack up a fur ball every now and then . One cat loves to be combed and the other tolerates it but then she barely tolerates anyone . Mister Dog looks and feels so soft and silky when he 's been combed . Unless you have a really big dog , this size furminator will work fine for both small and medium dogs . I 'll never use anything else again .
 The FURminator lived up to its claim as the best deshedding tool for a cat . It does not look all that different from other combs and brushes but it works much better . We noticed a difference immediately after using it the first time . Our cat 's coat looks healthier , there is less loose fur and it has eliminated her dandruff . I highly recommend this product .
 I have two Snowshoe cats . One , who is not so particular , also has a thicker undercoat . I 've found that I have to comb with this tool to bring up the hairs from underneath . She loves this comb more than anything and it 's become a time of attention for her . I do have to do it on a floor rather than a carpet to reduce static as I comb . She rolls over belly up where I also comb very gently . Her brother is more particular but he is at least a little less annoyed by this tool and will even belly up on occasion.I think it has reduced the hairballs somewhat but they still get them .
 The furminator is everything the reviews said it would be ! My only critisism is that it is too heavy , and freaks my cats out sometimes . Lightweight would probably be easier on them .
 This works great on my cat to greatly reduce the shedding hair all over the place . Once she coughed up a fur-ball , I decided it was time to start using it . She does n't like it , but tolerates it . She can put up with a few minutes a week of the FURminator . She 'll be happier -LRB- no fur-balls -RRB- , and I 'll be happier !
 We have three cats and one dog which means ALOT of hair in our house . We have tried many different brushes but none works as well as the FURminator . My brother recommended it and I immediately ordered on Amazon at a significant savings from what he paid . The animals love being brushed with it and I love the fact that there is less hair in my house .
 This product works better then I could ever have thought . Our house now has much less fur flying around as the FURminator works flawlessly . One thing to mention , it works so well , and the underlying fur it removes is so fine , you may need to vacuum right after using as the amount of fur it removes is unbelievable .
 This is an amazing product . I bought mine several months ago and have recommended it to so many people since ... and one neighbor discovered it on Amazon for far less than the market price . We all have well groomed cats and dogs and thank you .
 Highly recommend this product ! It does exactly what it says it does . I have bad allergies and getting rid of all this hair has really made a difference ! My animals are happy to get rid of all the extra in the heat of the summer . I have 3 cats and one small dog , so the small one works great for all of them .
 I love the FURminator ! My cat has major problems with hairballs , and this tool is unbelievable . For years , I was using a regular comb and now I realize that I was n't getting any hair off of her . The first time I used it on her , I could not believe the pile of hair . Now I notice that when I pet her , there is n't any loose hair coming off , and the hairballs are n't as bad . I would recommend this to anyone that has a dog or cat , it is the greatest invention ever !
 The product works great ! Grabs all of the clumped undercoat off my longer haired cat without upsetting him !
 I would have never believed how much hair this combs removes . A friend told me about the Furminator so I decided to try it . I have not been disappointed . I have fewer hairballs to clean up and my cat 's coat is shiny . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Works great on my short-haired cat ! Got out so much of his undercoat and left his coat nice and shiny .
 Whoa , dude ! I ca n't say enough about how great this tool works ! It easily removes all that fine undercoat hair that 's so hard to get with a regular brush . I 've tried all different kinds of brushes , and this one rocks !
 This product is the best grooming tool I 've ever used on my very plush short-hair cat . It truly removes the hair -LRB- as advertised -RRB- better than anything out there . My finicky but beautiful cat does n't like to be brushed but fortunately she tolerates this . So glad I found this product !
 I thought I did n't need this when I adopted my short-hair cat last year . Her hair is really short and did n't shed very much . Things changed when summer came . So I finally bought this one . It is really efficient ! I ca n't believe my eyes when I see how many hairs come off.I think this size is good for cat . No need to get bigger ones . Worth every penny !
 We have two year-old cats who are brother and sister . The girl cat will let you brush her with a slicker brush sometimes , but the boy cat usually tries to bite and runs away . It is always a chore to brush him . As they have been growing out of their kitten fur and losing their winter coats , I was finding handfuls of fur everywhere around the house and getting rather frustrated.This brush is definitely different that most cat brushes and performs as well as the ads claim . I have removed multiple handfuls of hair from both cats and have noticed significantly less fur around the house . The boy cat had trouble with a couple of hairballs previously , but has been hairball free since I have been able to brush him with this brush . Well worth the investment ; the amazon.com price is reasonable for what you get .
 I bought the small FURminator for my boyfriend so he could deshed his cat . His cat normal HATES to be brushed but with the FURminator he actually lays there without attacking the brush and purrs for more !! The first time my boyfriend used the FURminator , we were amazed at the amount of fur he removed . We could have made a kitten for his cat to play with out of all that fur !! I would recommend this brush to anyone & everyone !! I LOVE IT , MY BOYFRIEND LOVES AND MOST IMPORTANT ... THE CAT LOVES IT !!
 This is exactly what I was looking for and does exactly what the manufactor said it would do . I have tried many but this is the best for the task at hand . Triffic product would recommend to everyone .
 A relative told me about the Furminator for cats . I decided to give it a try ! I could n't believe my eyes the first time I used it . I have one short haired cat and one long haired cat . The fur easily came out of the short haired cat by the handfuls and I thought she 'd be the one who did n't really need it . It has cut down on cat hair around the house by more than half . It 's a miracle !! The long haired cat does n't really love it , but she is n't as thick coated inspite of being long haired . I would recommend this product to any cat lover , who does n't love the fur all over the house . I liked it soooooo much I 'm sending one to my daughter for her cat . It 's a winner !!
 My long haired cat was having terrible problems with shedding and furballs . I was so desperate I was paying for Lily to have a Furminator `` treatment '' at the vet 's office . Now that I groom her myself on a regular basis with my own Furminator , shedding and furballs have become much , much less of a problem !
 It works very well . The cats do n't love it but they tolerate it . I recommend this product highly .
 I heard about the dog version of this from a friend who has a husky . I though about getting one but it seemed expensive and there 's better things to spend money on than a cat comb -LRB- like shoes and beer -RRB- . But I have a medium hair indoor only cat who decided to shed like it 's his job this spring , and I was tired of those hairball tumbleweeds scuttling around the apartment . So I ponied up the dough and it seems totally worth it . Not sure why it works , what magical comb powers it possesses , but this thing removes hair ! There is a definite improvement in the amount of hairball tumbleweeds . Two small complaints
 Friends have been telling me about this tool so I purchased it and have to say that it is fantastic . I can not believe all the hair I get off of my cat . Great price for a great product !
 Our cat sheds an unusually large amount of fur . Even worse , our `` princess '' wo n't tolerate being touched around her stomach . She reacted to a combing as if she was being tortured . That was until our daughter bought a FURminator for her cats . In spite of its high price -LRB- it was about $ 30 when we bought ours -RRB- , we were impressed enough with it to buy one for our cat . We have not regretted that investment . Our princess enjoys the feeling of the FURminator so much that she allows us to comb closer to her stomach than we ever imagined . Thus , just our cat 's surprising tolerance for the FURminator justifies its price.The device is very effective at collecting fur . The comb 's teeth need to be cleared of fur after virtually every stroke . The handle is rubberized so it has been slip free.If your cat loves a good combing , you likely can get by with the cheaper comb . However if your cat sounds like ours , a FURminator makes a great choice .
 This product really works . I have a Devon Rex shorthaired cat . His coat in now curly again and he looks a few pounds lighter . Also less fur around my apartment . Amazon has the furminator for about half the price as Petsmart .
 This is a fantastic product ! I was skeptical at first of how effective the product would be , even after watching the video demonstrations of it . I was thoroughly surprised at how great it worked . I 've had several brushes prior to purchasing this one and none of them were able to grab as much loose hair as this . My pet looks and feels lighter at how much loose hair I was able to brush off . My only possible complaint would be that the brush head could be deeper so I can brush a little bit longer before having to clean out the hair . I highly recommend this to anyone with a pet that sheds a lot !
 The FURminator deShedding Tool works very well to remove the loose hair from my cat 's fur . She really sheds and this helps eliminate hair on the furniture . I wish I had bought it sooner !
 I have a Papillon dog and a Tabby cat . The department store prices ranged from $ 35 - $ 50 so I was hesitant until I found them priced so well on Amazon . I purchased them after reading and hearing multiple great reviews and was very happy with the results . I ordered both the dog and cat Furminator and received them both very quickly . There does n't seem to be much difference between them but I did n't want to chance dulling the blade on just one . They are wonderful and work just as well as taking the pets to the groomers . The reviews speak for themselves .
 The Furminator works well with my two short-hair cats . Especially when they periodically shed . More fur in the Furminator and less hair on my furniture . What an invention ! My cats will arch their backs and turn themselves while I dethatch them.Judy
 This thing seriously works ! I have a lot of cats and the fur comes out so easily with this brush . I highly recommend it .
 Excellent Product !!!!! If you have tried all the tools known to man for your pet hair problems and still not working , then I highly suggest you buy the Furminator . You wo n't be sorry . My cats love this tool as much as I do . It 's the best deshedding tool I have ever used . The pictures do not lie , you will be amazed at how well this thing works .
 Yes , ANYTHING ! It does n't seem like much when you look at it , but it digs deep and makes the fur fly -LRB- since you should be doing this outside in a breeze if you want to live -RRB- . This is the first time I 've EVER stopped getting hair out of my cat instead of hopelessly brushing on and on like an idiot .
 This is an awesome product . So easy to use and it actually works . It 's no different than just brushing your cat . Be prepared for all the loose hair to just come right off . I totally recommend buying it on Amazon compared to the regular retailers , same product way better price .
 I love this comb ! It has really pulled the extra fur out of my kitty 's coat and left it looking beautiful . He had been licking alot and this seems to have eliiminated the need for all the excess licking ! Hurray !
 After hearing my friends and coworkers rave about the Furminator , I finally ordered it and took it home to try it out on my cat . I have a domestic short-haired cat , but you would be surprised at how much she sheds ... so it seemed that the Furminator was the solution to my problem , and I had high hopes for it ! For once , my high hopes were not dashed - this handy little tool was even more amazing that I thought it would be . It works wonders ! Even my cat can not get enough of it - on our first brushing , I pulled out a pile of fur that was twice the size of her ! I was astounded ; how can one little cat have so much hair ? My cat loved the attention so much that I kept brushing her and before long , I could see her back through her dark fur . I was worried that I 'd pulled out too much hair so I stopped and took her to the vet the next day . He said she was fine and that yes , cats do love the Furminator , but to only brush her for 5 minutes every other week or so . I 've been following that advice and over the past few months , have noticed her shedding significantly less and my house is more hair-free than it 's been in ages . The Furminator is the best thing I 've purchased in a long time !
 I wanted to find something that would work on a chihuahua 's coat and I was told about the furminator . I have a chihuahua that sheds on everything . I got the furminator and was amazed at how much undercoat came off . I am very pleased with it .
 I use this for my cats-I have two , once a week.shipping , great price offered.happy with this purchase .
 We have two cats -- one hates it and runs as soon as you go near him with it , and the other is a Furminator ho ! She loves it and immediately purrs as soon as it touches her , then she 'll roll over so you can get to everywhere . The amount of loose fur that comes off with the Furminator must contribute hugely to reducing hairballs -- not to mention all the cat fur that flies everywhere . Great product .
 I 'm so glad I bought this product . It really does get all of the excess hair off of your pet ! I was shocked at how much extra fur my cat had ! Great buy !
 Local pet specialty stores around here charge about $ 40 to get the Cat Furminator . Anything close to 10 dollars to get a Furminator is an awesome deal , and if you 're going to get one , get one online for the price . Unfortunately I bought this and am not using it as often as I wish I would -- -LRB- I only use it about once a month on my cat -RRB- but my cat loves it and it gets fur from the undercoat better than anything else I 've ever used . I just ca n't keep up with my hairy pet .
 This was the best tool they ever invented ! Our cat loved being brushed , and it definately removed all the shedding fur from our longhair . Well worth the money , even though I feel it is priced too high , it is well made . I 'd spend the money on this item again , and not waste it on others . This works great !
 It 's spring and my cat is shedding ... . a lot ! I brushed him w/regular brush every day and he still spread his hair all over !!!!! He also started avoiding me , cause he hated being brushed all the time . When I got the furminator and started brushing him , he actually purred ! I brushed a grocery bag full of that disgusting fur 3 days ago and still no hair around !
 With spring coming , it seems we are finding more stray cat hairs around . I tried using a regular soft bristle brush . Fail . Next I tried a fine-toothed comb , as recommended by a friend . Fail . Then a regular dog brush . Fail . Not much stray hair coming out at all . So I bought the Furminator . I honestly have to tell you I have never seen so much stray hair come out of a cat before !!!!! This tool is AMAZING !!!!!!!! I just love it ! After using it , your cat 's coat will feel SO sleek , smooth , and conditioned . But the best part is that there is less undercoat to come out and fly around the house . The best place to Furminate your cat would be outside though -LRB- or in a room where you can easily vaccuum up flying hair or keep it away from food areas , etc. -- I learned after doing this in the kitchen the first time ! lol -RRB- . The tool is a bit pricey , but IMO is definitely worth it !!!!! You wo n't be sorry !
 I bought this to use on my cat because it was recommended to me by my veterinarian . I 'm very pleased with the results . I take the cat outside to brush him . It 's not like a normal brush and too much pressure can hurt . Also , the cat allows the `` defurminating '' for only so long and then I have to stop . I always follow up with the regular soft brush to gather up remaining loose hairs . He still leaves cat hair on things that he rubs against but he 's not hacking up hairballs anymore and that was my big concern .
 This item is awesome ! All my cats love , love it ! And I 'm finding far fewer hairballs on my hardwood floors and much less furry tumbleweed rolling under furniture . So I love it too !
 Since my cat was suffering from hairballs and the hairball remedies were n't doing the trick , my vet suggested the FURminator . They also recommended the smaller one since it would do the job just as well as the larger ones available . It pulled the hair out easily and without a lot of trauma for the cats . I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 FURminator 's are the best ! We actually bought this for a friend because we love ours so much and he was complaining about his cats shedding too much . We got this and he 's happier than ever with it ! The FURminators work great for cats and dogs .
 This thing is amazing ! My male cat loves to be brushed so he loved this -LRB- my little girl Kitty that is afraid of everything wo n't come neat it -RRB- . I am truly amazed at the amount of hair this thing takes off my cat . I got the small on and its awesome !
 Great item , only if it had some kind of vacuum attachment then it would be perfect . The best thing about this brush is my cat loves it too , she just shifts into purr mode .
 This deshedding comb lives up to its promises . It reduces shedding on your carpets and hairballs in your cat . Although it draws out lots of hair , it is soothing and comfortable to the cat . Best of all , this price is 60-70 percent less than in stores . Great product , quick shipping , wonderful service !
 Gave this to my son as he and his girlfriend have two dogs and she has allergy 's . It helps cut down on dander plus excess fur . They just love it .
 Yes , I would have paid twice the price for this amazing Furminator ! My lab has a short coat and I could not believe the amount of undercoat that was hiding underneath . I now `` swiffer '' my house only twice a week compared to every day . Bought one for the cats too and no more hair balls ! I have loaned it to several of my neighbors who , after trying mine , went to Amazon to order one . This product will not disappoint .
 The FURminator deShedding Tool is wonderful for my long haired calico . She loves being brushed & combed and now enjoys being sheared of her excess fur .
 We LOVE the FURminator !!!!!! and our cat tolerates it . Only sorry I waited so long to buy one , you will love it .
 Wow , this product removes fur that you did not know existed ! I am very impressed with the performance and quality construction of the tool . Be warned , the fine undercoat will get everywhere with just the slightest breeze . This may take getting used to for some cats if they are accustomed to other brushes .
 The FURminator actually does what the `` ad '' says . My kitties feel so much better AND no more vomiting with hair balls !
 The FURminator got so much hair of our cat , way more than any other comb or brush , it is amazing . Both of our cats like to be groomed with it and I can highly recommend this product .
 I combed a kitten worth of fur from each cat . Amazing . No , they did n't go bald . Works great and recommend to everyone .
 I have bought every single brush known to man for my cats . I have short and long , variety of hair types . My cats are indoor and they shed/hairball like crazy . It either is pleasing to the cat/ineffective , or effective with cats revolting and trying to bite me . Then I broke open my wallet for the furminator ... This thing is FAN-TAS-TIC !!!! I have never seen more hair come off my cats . They LOVE being brushed with it , and I have n't seen a hairball laying on the floor since ! They are very happy and their coats are so shiny and silky after grooming . I brush once a week , and it keeps my floors and furniture MUCH cleaner!There are different brush sizes available to meet the needs of different coat types , so make sure you buy the appropriate brush for your pet !
 This is an awesome product !! I never thought that my cat would literally beg to be brushed . With the FURminator as soon as he sees it in my hand he 's on the floor waiting and rolling from side to side to help me .
 Great cat comb , that really removes the undercoat of my short-haired cat . Shedding has almost become a thing of the past ! One of the few items I 've ever purchased that actually do exactly what it says it does !
 The FURminator removes an unbelievable amount of hair quite easily , but neither of my cats accepts it happily . Even after I 've used a more common wire brush , the FURminator finds gobs more hair to remove , but it 's a struggle to deal with the cats .
 My cat is a short hair . He hates all the previous brushes I tried for him.But this one is his favorite .
 Tried 3 brushes first . This was the only one that was adequate at keeping cat hair from getting all over house .
 I have two shorthair cats , one of which sheds non-stop . He loves being brushed , but none of the brushes , combs , or other products I 've bought have even made a dent . The FURminator was given to me as a gift by my sister after she saw it on an infomercial , and it 's nothing short of amazing . The amount of hair it takes off of my cats is almost hard to believe . I can comb off piles in one sitting , and all the while my cat is purring away . This product REALLY works .
 Have been using the cat FURminator -LRB- purple one -RRB- for some time now . Does an excellent job thinning the coat . Very well made and appears machined from heavy stock of steel , so the price is not all that outrageous for a tool that will probably last a very long time . My two cats seem to enjoy it , but be careful not to apply too much pressure - it is a bar of steel and is not forgiving like a brush . I just let the weight of the tool glide over the fur . Those hard to reach areas the animals try to groom seem to yield the most fur -LRB- the back - especially by the tail -RRB- . All in all I am very pleased , and my cats are happy .
 I have a fourteen year old yellow lab who sheds what seems like a ton of hair each year . I also have an eight year old mixed breed kittie who sheds about the same . It seems I have used every animal comb/brush known to humankind over the years , and never have I been so impressed with a hair removal tool as I am with the FURminator ! After purchasing one for the dog and having such great success with bags full of hair brushed off the dog , I then purchased one for the cat . I now use the FURminators on both critters on a regular basis , and it has kept the dog and cat hair OFF the floor and in to the trash where it belongs ! Do n't know how I got along without these useful and superior tools for as many years as I 've had animals . The FURminator is without a doubt , the best animal hair removal tool I 've ever used !
 We have two cats and they love to shed . We tried giving them supplements to help with stopping it and they never worked . We used brushes and combs of all sorts and they helped but you had to just about do it daily . The FURminator is incredible ! It removed all the loose hairs on our cats that we can now pet them and not have our hands covered with hair . You wo n't be sorry buying one of these .
 This is a product that works stellar . My cat tolerates it better than any other type of brush or slicker and it gets so much more fur out in less time . It is precision machined and the surprising weight of the product helps it to work .
 I thought the FURminator might be just another gimmick for removing cat hair but it turned out to be a wonderful tool . Our cats love it , we love it and best of all , once you get in the habit of using the FURminator on a regular basis , there is very , very little shedding in between . You do need to use it gently on a cat as it can pull the hair but once they are used to the comb , they love it too ! Highly recommend !!!!!!!!!!!
 I have bought lots and lots of stuff off Amazon that I have been very happy with , but I have never written a review before . But this product is unreal ! I have a long haired black cat that is a total b *** h and she has NEVER let me brush her before without a big fight , but she completely loves this tool . I read reviews before I bought it and saw people say the same thing and I was really skeptical , but I was also desperate because of all the freaking black hair all over everything from spring all the way through fall . Well I 'm not skeptical any more ! This cat now jumps up onto my shoulder to get brushed by the Furminator and the hair that comes off is unbelievable ! Do n't think about it anymore , seriously buy this brush !
 i have 2 long haired cats and their shedding is terrible especially in the summer but this brush is the best brush ever for pets ! it got right down into the under coat . i will never buy a different brush ever again ! if you have a dog or cat you should own this brush !
 I love this item . As soon as I pick it up , my cat comes running over and sits down in front of me so I can comb her . The hair that comes out is amazing . Looks like we got another cat . Amazon is a great place to shop on the web .
 This product is great ! Have tried several deshedding tools on my cat who has hated every one , except this one . Does a great job .
 I know this says its for cats but i bought it for my dog to get the parts that the 4 inch furminator couldnt really get with a full stroke like his neck . Its so great and much easier for those tought spots.The first time i used this i had taken off so much fur that i filled two grocery bags completely . It was was great to just know that all that fur wasnt gon na be on the carpets and just all over the house . I love my furminator , as well as my lab . He lays there and he adjust to where he wants me to brush him . Probably the best product to brush with and its well worth the money . Great quality .
 When I decided to purchase the Furnimator for my cat , I found the best price on Amazon . My order arrived in a timely manner as promised , and I am pleased with the product .
 Thanks to the FURminator , my floors have a lot less cat hair on them now . My kitties actually like being brushed with this brush -LRB- for a little while anyway -RRB- and I can never believe how much it gets off of them . It even works on my cat with thinner hair , whereas most brushes do n't work on him . I highly recommend this product !
 I bought this for my girlfriend as her cat sheds a lot of fur . Neither of us could quite believe the amount that it removed . Buy this and save your furniture and clothes from getting covered in pet hair !
 Prepare to have fur everywhere ! It seems it has endless abilities to pick gather cat fur ! I think its best as dislodging the fur because when you are done there are still several stands that will need to be combed up with a regular comb .
 Use this and it really helps control the about the fur balls that you have to deal with . It was a little weird feeling at first to get use to but the cat did n't seem to mind .
 This was a real furminator not a knock off . Much cheaper than $ 50 + at the pet store . Does an amazing job on our medium hair cat .
 My cat loves this thing , keep in mind , this only works for cats with fur , like russian blue 's , most long haired , etc. we have a tuxedo cat also -LRB- short hair -RRB- and does n't work on him , because of the &#34; straight , non clumping hair &#34; , if you see -LRB- I call the clumping hair that -RRB- the &#34; tumble weeds &#34; in your house , than this is for you . Make sure to do this outside , it will make your cat a couple lbs lighter too , LOL : - -RRB-
 It 's terrifying how much fur my cat is really hiding in there ... but the furminator does a great job of getting it out and keeping it from being shed on stuff . Seriously , those pictures with the giant balls of fur are not lying .
 I use it on my little short-haired domestic . Even on her short hair , the furminator removes enough fur to make a small gerbil !
 My cats love when I use the Furminator on them . They think it is something special just for them , but eliminating so much fur I do n't have the shedding problem I used to have .
 I am completely and utterly sold on Furminator products after buying this de-shedding tool . Everyone 's been raving about it , so I had to see for myself . We have a long-haired cat that sheds heavily , particularly during shedding seasons . The effect of the Furminator on his shedding has been profound . No longer does his fur come off in big clumps whenever you pet him or pick him up . The tool is easy to use , and all of my cats enjoy being groomed with it . In addition , I no longer have to use lint rollers and damp paper towels on all of our furniture . I bought one for my mom and one for my sister as Christmas gifts . Thank you Furminator !
 It was a very good investment . It really reduced the amount of fur that was shed by my cat . The fur looks beautiful after you use the furminator , which really impressed me . The only problem is that there is no problem , so yea .
 I have a two year old tiger cat that has medium length hair . She sheds like mad . I took a hairball the size of my cat off from her using the FURminator ! This little gizmo is amazing ! Very easy to use . Product is as described , quality made and arrived very quickly . I am very pleased with both the product and the seller . Thanks ! ~
 It just works extremely well . Cats do n't mind the feel , but you have to be very careful and deliberate when using it . Also make sure to check your animal for warts , moles , growths , etc , because they will be snagged by this product and could result in an expensive vet bill . I have 2 short hairs and 1 long hair and it works equally well on all of them . Highly recommended because unlike a lot of similar brushes and such this one simply works .
 My domestic short hair cat does not like this device , but it does remove stray hair . I think because he is a short hair I do not get the extreme results as some of the videos show , but it is the best one I have found . Also , great price online . I saw the same thing at PetSmart for $ 46 !!!
 It took a long time & lots of useless cheaper brushes before I could talk myself into thi $ $ $ one . It really works ! I got it for our guinea pigs , and who knew so much hair could come off such a small animal ??
 What a great product . My cats are shred monsters and this has helped immensely . In addition , as always , I received my product quickly and in perfect shape .
 great packaging and product , honest seller , I love the furminator !! My vet recommended this to me and just raved about it , so glad I listened .
 Good price . Kitty loves it and purrs non-stop when brushing him , though you do have to be gentle as the brush is pretty hefty . Received product on time . Great value !
 My dog Alfie wears this shirt . Every where she goes she is straight up Gangsta . 5 stars !!
 This is the funniest/best doggy shirt our there . I will definitely be buying more for my friends dogs . The only thing that was weird it 's a giant iron on and it feels funny but my dog does n't really care
 Got this shirt for my little Chihuahua and it 's pretty cute . He seems to like it and he sleeps in it so I 'm guessing it 's pretty comfortable . The reason it 's not 4 stars for me is because its a tad bigger than I thought it would be . But other than that it 's great : -RRB-
 My cat absolutely loves this mobile . She 's very picky about toys but this has withstood the test of time .
 My crazy Amazon parrot can unlock and throw on the floor just about any dish . This size is for his treats . They wash in the dishwasher . He can reach the lock , but if you hand tighten it , and since his beak can not get at it , he has yet to throw a bowl of food on the floor with this set up . I love it ! No more vacuuming multiple times daily . And , I do n't have to worry about him getting hungry while I am gone .
 The Jungle Talk Crock Loc Bird Feeder is very durable and with its crock Loc makes it impossible for my parrot to remove ... Which he is a master at doing so ... He also can no longer chew threw the feeder ... it is a great product ... Thanks
 I like this item because the lead is short enough so I do n't need to take up a whole lot of slack in order to keep my dog , who would otherwise pull , next to my side . The fabric is also soft on the hands . The lead is nice cuz I can slip it over her head and go , it stays high up on the dog 's neck giving me total control .
 The slip lead works great . Bought it for my 9 week old bird dog puppy , he could n't twist around and pull his head out . The lead has no sharp edges and loosens as soon as pressure is released . By positioning loop of the lead high on his neck dog show style and lifting up he quickly followed along , no dragging or choking . Definitely recommended .
 This leash is great . Gives my much more control over Rudy when he is not behaving correctly . I use . It most of the time .
 If your pet is hyper and pulls a lot while walking , if you are looking to train your pet , this is your leash . It does not hurt your pet but holds the nose right at the top of their neck which helps your dog stop and listen and obey your commands!I was skeptical that anything could train my bichon but with the help of this leash my training experience is moving in the positive direction !
 I have used slip leads in training several dogs . I love how easy it is to give immediate , gentle correction . They are quick to put on and great for puppies just learning obedience in walking on leash . I would n't use any other lead for training .
 I bought this as a training tool for my two dogs . They are well made and easy to hold on to ... . One is still pulling like a crazy man and the other learned very fast and she is back with the harness .
 This works so much better than just looping a leash over my dog 's head - the knot keeps the leash perfectly in place without being tight .
 I got a green version of this leash for when I volunteered at my local animal shelters . This leash is wonderful ! I have to get a multitude of dogs out of pens , including ones that are strong and yank a lot . With the leashes I used to use , I was afraid they would break and I could not control the dogs at all . With this leash , it is so much easier to control them plus its heavy duty so it will not break .
 Used this lead last night in my first obedience class . Worked perfectly . Excellent quality and a great price .
 Great for puppy training . Using a wire crate so we can not put a collaron our puppy . This slip lead allows for a fast hook up on the way outside .
 I have been using Mendota slip leads for many years . The quality is superb , and they last for many years . This color is beautiful , feels soft from the very first use -LRB- though the leather will get softer -RRB- . I have studied the Cesar Millan DVDs - it is quite easy to walk multiple dogs on slip leads without getting tripped up . The leather piece allows you to adjust the neck loop , and keep it small enough so that it wo n't just fall off the dog . The only problem that I have had with other than black Mendota leads is that the color from the leather bleeds if you wash it all in one piece , and there is no way to get that dye out . Each of my dogs has a different color lead - feels like a little party every time I walk them ! I recommend watching some Cesar Millan videos as he demonstrates the use of the slip lead in many of them . I formerly used regular clip on leads and a collar , and had problems galore !
 This slip leash works great for small dogs - I need a more heavy duty diameter one for my larger breeds
 The product was great and got here fast and at a good price . . Thanks
 We purchased this lead to use as the leash for our Border Terrier . It is the right diameter for him and seems to be quite durable . It is easy to slip right over his head when it 's time to go outside and is long enough to give him room to roam when we 're in a field or somewhere he wants to sniff something . The color is great as well , easy to find it .
 This type of dog lead was recommended by the Dog Whisperer years ago . When he put it on a unruly dog , it would immediately behave . I could not find any of these leashes locally and bought every other style I could find , but my dog would not handle on a leash -LRB- probably my bad as much as the dog 's -RRB- . After a couple of years of fighting and losing to the dog , I decided to order this slip lead on the internet . When we put it on him , it was amazing . The dog immediately - within seconds walked on the leash and quit struggling . He was as well behaved as a model animal . I had a well trained dog that healed for once . I am completely satisfied . I wish I had ordered one earlier . -LRB- Now if I can just get something to stop that barking . -RRB-
 I had to return this and exchange for the 6 ft , as i had forgotten how short 4 ft can be . Stylish too . I was able to return and exchange with NO hassles .
 I work as a volunteer at a Shelter/Rescue wtih dogs that typically come with no collars . Great product ! Came quickly and as it was described ! Highly recommended for working with Rescues !
 My chihuahua is too small for any collar I can find . This works great since it adjusts to any size .
 I purchased this 6 ft lead for my Maltese puppy . When it came I thought it looked a little bulky for a tiny dog but it is not and I use it daily . I , like others , have other leashes that are just taking up space and not used . This will be the only leash I purchase from now on . I like the fact that it sits up higher up on the neck and under his jaws , not around his throat if positioned correctly . Very happy with the results and my 6 month old puppy walked perfect for my 7 year old grand daughter and he never pulled . I also really like the all-in-one , leash and collar idea , no extra collar needed . Very happy with and highly recommended product !!!
 Two slip leads I ordered arrived five days earlier than expected . Much appreciated that . Leads are soft , easy to slip over dogs ` heads and light weight . Six footer 3/8 '' not too heavy for a Maltese . Wish they were one foot longer , however .
 My Pomeranian seldom wears a collar and even when he does it is difficult to clip a leash on through his hair . With this leash it slips on easily and best of all it does not tangle in his hair . Easy on , easy off . Soft rope is easy on both hands and does not snag fur . Would recommend this highly .
 If you want a lead you can put on your dog quickly , made of good material these are it . I prefer the 3/8 to the thicker ones because I feel the release is quicker which comes in handy when making corrections . Quality is superb .
 Every dog trainer I know recommends these leads and was given my first set by a trainer . If you are going to put a lead around the neck , these are the most comfortable and strong enough for big dogs . They last forever . Real quality .
 It really does work and much better than the choke chain ! I recommend this leash to any dog owner who has trouble with walking their dog . However , do n't think it 's as easy as slipping it on and magic will happen . You 'll need to ease your dog into this concept . So I 'd suggest training your dog with this leash in a comfortable environment such as your house or your backyard before you take your pup out on the streets with this . While this item is working very for me it 's not going to be effective all the time . That 's when you 've got to take a step back and your dog to behave in that particular environment . Sometimes there is no amount of `` choke '' or `` treats '' that will tame a dogs emotions.The leash is soft and comfortable for you and your dog . The leather placeholders do a fine job of staying put . Occasionally , the leash will make it 's way down to the lower part of the neck but it 's an easy adjustment to move it behind the ears again . My only complaint is my dogs fur gets ripped off her neck by the ring . She has a scab from it but is healing just fine . I think it 's because of my dogs coat . I lubed it with olive oil and it has n't snagged as far as I could tell .
 We prefer these leashes since they just slip on and control the dog effortlessly and comfortably . This type of leash is great if you have a dog which is fearful of leashes , just slip over head and you 're on your way . I use them when we have to retrieve dogs in the neighborhood which have gotten loose and are leary of strangers . I grab an extra leash , approach the dog and slip the leash over the head and off to home we go . Ca n't recommend this more highly -
 My dog is a two year old Golden Retriever , adopted in May . She was AWFUL on a leash ! -LRB- She 's better now , but it 's a work in progress . -RRB- I ordered this in pink chocolate first and loved it ! But I realized it would get dirty quickly , -LSB- see domino113 's review -RSB- , so I decided to keep the pink one for `` dress-up '' and get the green one for everyday . The pink one was thicker , more luxurious feeling , and the small leather tab that holds the loop in place was easier to move than on the new green one . However , the green fits more easily in my pocket for when we get to where she can run . I 'm using the Be-a-Tree method -LSB- link below -RSB- for teaching her not to pull . Four feet is the perfect length . Please everyone , remember that training takes time -- lots of it . It does not happen automatically with this lead or any tool . Do n't strangle your dog when you get frustrated . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We love this lead . it stops pulling with no pain for the dog or me . When she pulls hard it tighten around her neck . As soon as she stops pulling it slips loose again .
 Thise leashes are the best for leash training a dog . They are made of a soft fabric therefore there is no pain for them like there is with a metal choke chain or those horrible ones with the pointed teeth on them . I find that they are the best leashes to instantly get a dog to walk well on a leash and for training puppies . The slip type method of putting it on the dog keeps them from pulling by tightening alittle when the dogs pull and they instantly release when the dog quits pulling . Dogs seem to respond much better to these than a regular collar and leash.They are harder to find , I have only found them on Amazon and one small local pet store . It was nice finding the 6 foot length on Amazon as well as the 4 foot . I like to use the longer ones on my small dog since it gives her a little more room , and the 4 foot works well with my labrador retreiver .
 Got this slip lead for our year old pup who 's had issues with slipping out of her collar and actually breaking her collar . This works perfectly for us ! The quality is great , we like the leather detailing !
 We use this lead everyday to walk our pekingese . It feels like just the right weight for a little dog .
 I ordered 2 slip leads to help with the training of my two dogs . They are exactly what I wanted , and ordered , and were shipped out right away . I had the leads within a few days after placing the order . I would definately order from them again !
 This lead is very pretty , soft , ought to last for years . I have been using slip leads since I started watching Cesar Millan the Dog Whisperer years ago . I used to be tripping over and tripped by my Chihuahuas . Now I can handle multiple dogs easily on the slip leads , which provide control without hurting the dog . These leads are thicker and softer than the onces I previously used , hence more gentle to the neck . The colors are distinctive and pretty , and the price is good . Delivery was super fast . Could be used for a medium sized dog . Generally I prefer the 4 foot leads for my toy dogs , but since I have some 6 foot ones , I wanted to keep them all the same length for easy handling . Must avoid getting the lead dirty as the dark brown color of the leather bleeds when washed and would ruin this pretty pattern . Choose a darker color if you 're into more rugged dog-walking . Formerly I purchased plain black or white Mendota show leads from Jeffers online - who no longer sells them . I was very pleased to find that Amazon has them . I also purchased from another seller with similar good results.Addendum
 This leash is well made and very easy to use . It works well when I need to double leash a dog for walking .
 The cord is soft and pliable . Maybe a little too thick to get up in the right place on my small dog , but it is an easy leash to use .
 I have 3 of these leads for my three dogs . The quality is excellent . The coloring is fun and fresh for a leash . And , best of all , they are very easy to slip on and tighten the leather piece to keep them in place . Just love these leads !
 I 've had this sliplead for 2 years now , and it has held up nicely to daily use . Very good product - I would definitely buy it again .
 perfect for exercising dogs at the shelter ! Love these leads . Do n't need 10 more words , or even five dang it !
 This leash seems comfortable for the dog , is easy to put in and adjust the size . Note -- if you never have used this type of leash before , note that there is a leather piece that moves up and down to allow you to fit it on the dog and then adjust neck size . -LRB- I did n't know this at first and was almost going to return it because i could n't fit it over the dog until i figured that out -RRB- . Anyhow , it is well made and i predict it will last a long time .
 I love these Mendota slip leads so much that I bought 4 after I tested out the first one . The reason for the 4-star & not 5 is because the color is a bit &#34; boring &#34; for my taste
 I bought this slip lead for my 12lb Chorkie . She seemed to do really well with the plastic ones they have at the groomers , but those unravel and are not a long term leash . This leash was so soft ! My dog ca n't wear collars because they give her a horrible red rash . This leash is so soft on her neck , not one complaint from her . It also has a stopper , so you do n't have to worry about the neck hole loosening up and your dog slipping out . The 6ft leash is perfect ! I 'm sure people are going to ask me where I got this leash !
 This is one of the best leashes to maintain control of your dog . Just be sure you know how to use it .
 I am a dog trainer and use these in leash training my client 's dogs . They are well made and I keep them in stock !
 Thank you , it was just what we were looking for . We have two dogs and only had one lead . Thank you
 my favorite brand of dog leashes and collars , these collars and leads are always perfect for me , i love the casual everyday look and the support and toughness is great for such a casual lead , i love these so much because i can find a style for all my dogs , boy and girl and i love the affordable prices
 We really like these leads . They are the perfect size for our small terriers . The leads are comfortable to hold . I like the slip stop because it allows us to position the leads behind the dogs ' ears , not around their necks .
 This is a training lead , so it 's not meant to give dogs ample room to explore . It 's meant to teach your dog to be submissive and heel for daily walks . Therefore , a 4-foot lead should work for most any breed . I trust Cesar Millan and wanted the type of slip-lead that he uses in his shows for my `` pack walk '' . These leads are nowhere to be found in local pet stores . So I chose this 3/8-Inch x 4-Feet Mendota lead in the Woodlands color for my 16.5-lb Jack Russell/Chihuahua . After using it every day for walks , I can safely say 4 feet is plenty of length to keep my dog right next to me as Cesar shows . It 's not a miracle worker when my dog tries to walk faster than me , but it does help to reduce pulling and dominant behavior , and to snap him out of it if he 's barking or distracted by something . The lead has a nice feel and the thickness is just right for my dog 's size . I also like the earth-tone colors in the one I chose . It matches his fur and warm sweaters :-RRB- If you will be biking , rollerblading or out for adventures with your pooch , then yes , get the 6-foot one or use a regular style lead and collar .
 We do not use collars on our dogs , so we 've been searching for well-made slip lead leashes . We are in Atlanta and even here , we have not been able to find any , so of course we went to Amazon.The design , construction , quality , and price of the Mendota Slip Lead are excellent -- the slip lead feels as comfortable to us as it does to our dogs ! How do we know ? They told us ! : -RRB-
 I love this lead , got the 3/8 x 4 ft. Only thing I did n't think about/realize was that by the time you 've placed the lead around the neck of your pet , there 's only 3 feet left . It 's well made , beautiful and so soft and lightweight . I will never purchase another type of leash !
 I used this 4ft slip lead for training my 47lb pit bull to behave better on walks . The material is soft , but strong and the color sheme looks very nice . The leather tab is adjustable and helps to hold the leash around high on the dog 's neck for better control . I also bought a 6ft version and am very happy with them both .
 Dogs can pull out of their collars so quickly when used with a regular leash . I was using a harness when we were traveling but I did n't like the way you had control over the dogs . This leash easily slips over their head in an instant and you have control over the dog quickly with the slip knot type control . It is kind of like a choke chain collar without the chain . After you are done walking the dog the leash comes off and they are back to just having their regular collar . I recommend this product to anyone .
 I love the quality of this leash . I would recommend saving it for when your puppy/dog is well trained . My german shep pup definitely was able to chew on it and make it fray a little -- but it is very durable . Will definitely buy another one when this falls apart .
 i bought this because it was recommended by my vet and the price here on Amazon is so much better . I paid more for 60 capsules at the vet than for 250 here . My English Bulldog has an autoimmune disease that affects his skin . The amount of Omega-3 in this product is guaranteed , which is more than you can say for what we buy over the counter for ourselves . My bulldog tolerates this well and his skin is improving . The only way to improve this is to put it on a subscription . I will continue to purchase this here and recommend it to anyone .
 This lead is totally worth $ 500 . It 's a magic lead that made my dog instantly obey -LRB- results may vary -RRB- . Amazing and fantastical !
 These leashes are for people who want to practice proper dog walking . Most pet stores do not carry slip leads , however I would not waste my money on anything else . Stays around dog 's neck , does n't burn hand , fits in your pocket , and makes corrections with ease at both ends .
 I purchased this product for my cat who had a infected bite from another cat . The wound was draining pus and was not healing . I first cleaned the wound carefully . Then I put the Wonderdust on it . Within one day , the draining stopped . By the third day , the wound was healing . I now keep this on hand at all times . I use it when I get cuts also . I cut myself on glass . The wound would not stop bleeding . I put a puff of wonderdust on the wound . It stop ped the bleeding immediately and there was no more pain . Love this product !!
 Seems like the go-to item for injured cats and I 'm buying more of it . I have about 7 cats , plus the injured strays that stop by for a meal , and it seems they all are prone to the puss oozing & bleeding wounds . We 're in a rural area and I suspect that most of the wounds come from getting gouged when they run under the barbed wire everyone seems to have around their parcels . I guess when they 're being chased they do n't stop to check for the barbs before running under the fences . There 's also a good the wounds from squabbling . I ca n't afford to run a cat 40 miles to the Vet every time there 's an injury so I was looking for something that would be helpful for bleeding and to help close the wound after the cat had cleaned it up . We do our best to help them clean the wound but this stuff really works and aids dramatically in the healing process . The hardest part is getting the cat to stay put while you squirt some dust on the wound . Anyway , I 'd say this is a 5 star product that I wo n't be without as long as my pets are outdoor cats and prone to cuts , scratches and other wounds . I just wish Amazon would add it to their inventory .
 This stuff rocks ! . We have goats and it is the only product that truly can quickly make a turn around on wounds . Every farm supply locally can not keep it stocked on the shelves .
 This is a wonderful product . Our outside cat `` Bob '' had been gone for a few weeks . Upon his return we noticed that he had a large wound on his right shoulder 2 inches wide 4 inches long and 3/4 inches deep . The wound was cleaned and WONDER DUST was applied . Entire area was covered with gauze and secured with an Ace bandage . Dressing was changed every three days . Within the first three days all the infection was drawn to the top of the wound . After 3 weeks the area has healed to a 1 inch by 1 inch area . This product is great . I always keep a new bottle on hand .
 Used this on an injured horse years ago , on vet 's recommendation . Works really well , have used it many times since , on a turkey that was injured by a neighborhood dog , and pet cats and dogs . It keeps the wound dry and fights infection . Put it on by squeezing the bottle , it puffs out a little `` cloud '' of the dust , you never have to touch the wound .
 I was looking for a new suet feeder since my old one kept getting opened up either by animals or the wind or something . The latch was just not effective , and any suet I 'd put in there would be gone within 24 hours , with the door hanging open.This feeder is fantastic . The latch and pole-clamps are strong , and I have no complaints . It stores two suet cakes , which means I can put more suet in there half as often . Best of all , it 's pole-mounted , which means I can more easily put the feeder in a good place for me to see birds on it where my other feeders are , and I can use a squirrel baffle to keep squirrels away . It works well , and it just makes a lot of sense . I 'm never going back to hanging or tree-mounted suet feeders ever again.As always , if you want to attract the most variety of birds and keep them all happy , a variety of food is not always going to bring in new birds . Black oil sunflower seed is going to be your staple that satisfies most birds . White proso millet , safflower , and nyjer is best for only a handful of species and you may not want to bother . Anything else is probably just filler . Speciality foods like suet or fruits should be put out based on your local populations and time of year . The best way of attracting a variety of birds is a good environment . Bird baths will attract birds that do n't come to feeders at all . A variety of native plant life in your yard will provide natural food sources.Suet is great when the temperatures are cold and the birds are very hungry , but it 's not great year-round . If you 're going to use suet to attract and feed birds , this is an outstanding feeder for it , and one that will work well with any other bird feeders you have pole-mounted . It clamps right to the side however you want to face it .
 We have these for volunteer walking dogs at the humane society and also have one for our dog at home . With the shelter dogs , we can either use it just around the neck , or make a harness , depending on the individual dog 's needs . With our dog , we use it high on her neck and she 's very easy to control and heel properly .
 The 6 ft black Mendota slip lead was much less flexible and less soft than the 4-ft woodlands -LRB- color -RRB- Mendota slip lead . The weave is much tighter and it is more difficult to adjust the leather slide . For some this might be seen as an advantage , but I prefer the softer , looser weave -- the leather slide on the Woodlands-colored Mendota 4-ft lead holds fine , and I have large German Shepherds . All in all , I really like the leads but am puzzled and somewhat disappointed that the black one is not as flexible/soft as the woodlands one . Both are 1/2 '' leads and both were ordered within a month of each other .
 I wanted something just to slip on my dog and go , this does the trick , I love it !
 I love this lead . I had purchased one from a different company , but the lead was not soft and it kept wearing down my dog 's neck hair and leaving sores on my hand . This one is both soft and strong , which is all that I wanted . I looked for ages before finding this exact one . I travel a lot w / my dog . I do n't have to worry about this lead getting caught on something ; I can just leave it on him all the time in the car , which saved trying to catch him to put a leash on him before he jumped out of the car -LRB- now he stays nicely until I tell him he can come out , but there were some very scary moments before -RRB- . The adjustable tab also allows me to keep the ` collar ' part of the lead at the top of his neck , where it should be . I will buy many , many more of these leads in the years to come . One thing to keep in mind when choosin a size - the length of the lead appears to have been measured from tip-to-tip , meaning
 I ordered this slip lead because I volunteer at a local humane society , and they prefer we use this kind of leash to walk the dogs . I have found it to be very well made and durable . I use it several hours a day , six days a week , and it is still working well . I have seen no signs of fraying . I also like the smoothness of the lead , as it helps it to release as soon as the dog ceases pulling -LRB- I have found others tend to continue to hold tension because of the roughness of the rope -RRB- . I highly recommend this product and believe any other purchasers will be satisfied with its performance .
 This collar is really sturdy and strong.It works really well for walking a strong dog that pulls a good bit . Not the greatest ` fit ' in the world because it is so thick . I would only recommend it for a large dog .
 I accidentally bought the wrong size training slip leash for my 5 lb . yorkiepoo . However , I kept it for my parents Springer Spaniel , and it 's perfect for larger breeds . My mistake became their benefit because that spaniel will drag anyone on a regular leash , and this slip lead helps train her how to walk properly without pulling .
 My dog walks amazing with this thing on ! She does n't pull nearly as bad . It 's definitely made of high quality materials and will last a long time . So easy to just slip on too ! Very happy with the purchase .
 Great Value ! 1 Very nice quality - perfect training lead ! much more expensive and less quality in pet shops - very pleased !
 The rounded rope feels better in your hands then a normal leash . The lead works well to pull the dog back and all of the material is high quality . Would buy another .
 Lengh and thickness is just right for our Pembroke Welsh Corgi although not suitable when at < 4mths old puppy stage . Been using it for 3 months on a daily basis and quality is excellent . Still do n't have any frills coming loose from the leash . Very strong yet flexible enough.Did not have any washing instructions though . Guess I 'll just machine wash it cold .
 It 's a great training lead , and I 've had a lot of comments on it from other dog owners that I know in the area . Definitely worth a purchase if you are looking for a lead . The lead part is quite snug on the rope , so it wo n't move around by itself . Before I received it , I thought the rope may be a little be too thick for what I wanted , but it turned out to be just the perfect thickness .
 We transport rescued dogs , and meet people for exchanges in parking lots near busy highways . This lets us safely take dogs from car to car , and the 4 ' length makes easier to carry than the 6 ' - just have to make sure you adjust the leather stop each time . Hearing about other stories of escape , we needed a tool to avoid that , and this is it . Thank you !
 Exactly what I wanted . Well made and easy to use . I would reccomend this dog lead to anyone who has a large breed dog .
 A great leash to use for any size dog . Love the fact that its so easy to use . Very durable .
 I love these leashes - they are easy to use and east on the dog . The only thing that I wish is that they were longer .
 I bought this lead for my Cavalier Kings Charles Spaniel . If I had seen it in person before buying it I would not have bought it . I would have thought it was too big , thick , for her . However , I bought it , so I decided to try it and I absolutely love it . It is very gentle on her neck because it is thick . It is lightweight and easy to put on . I am thrilled with this purchase .
 Anyone who rescues , volunteers , or works with dogs should own one of these . They are durable and allow you to restrain a dog at a distance that provides a level of personal safety .
 This lead is smooth on your hands and tough enough to get the job done . Easy to get on and off , and because it 's a slip lead and is positioned higher on the neck , rids us of the problem of pulling without the need of a harness . It 's great for training and corrections , without having to go to the extreme of a choke chain . When this one wears out in a few years , I 'll definitely buy another .
 I volunteer at an animal shelter and walk dogs there every week . They use slip leads and this one works wonderfully . It is easy to loop the dogs and tighten the opening and the lead works well for every size dog , from tiny to large . If I was buying this for my own dog however I would buy one for the size dog I have , you do n't need 1/2 thick to walk a chihuahua . Only complaint would be that if a dog starts chewing on the lead it will eventually cause damage however I do n't see how that can be avoided with anything other than a chain .
 These leashes are great . They are easy to put on a take off and the dogs lead well on them . I especially enjoy that no clip is necessary to use these and putting on and taking off is very quick and easy . They are very sturdy too , .
 No complaints on the product whatsoever . Simple , sturdy and well made what more can one ask for in a dog lead ?
 These leads work wonderfully for training dogs since they can be placed high on the throat to prevent pulling while being thick enough that they do not bind and hold pressure . On top of that they are well made they will probably outlast both my pups .
 I have an 8 month old aussie puppy who loves to pull on the leash-this leash helps a lot and is VERY comfortable to hold . The leash , collar and handle are all made of a thick , very soft but beefy rope . The slip type of collar helps to control pulling . I 've gone through a lot of leashes over the years , but this is the only one I 've decided to re-order to have one in the car and one in the house . It is also very light weight .
 This leash is very strong and durable . The round rope is more comfortable on my wrist than a flat leash . My puppy had managed to get out of the chock chain and leash I had previously used , so this slip leash works much better since it is one-piece . This leash stays in place around her neck and does not get as tangled up as a choke chain and leash .
 love this lead , also got it in orange , really works well with my dogs , love that it is 6 ft and not 4 , like the longer length
 Sturdy and you never have to worry about your dog slipping off the collar . I like it for all my bully breeds so it has to be strong.Great price and well worth the money
 This product is great -- I use it for quick walks , training , etc. with my German Shepherd and Chihuahua . It is adjustable , does n't slip , and is made from sturdy material and the black of course does n't show dirt . I would suggest some reading on how to use it effectively but that has nothing to do with the quality of the product which is 5 stars .
 I use this when I volunteer at the SPCA . Proven escape proof after 2 weeks ! holds even the worst pullers .
 Have three boxers . Because head is smaller then neck they were able to slip out of regular collars . The lead is the best . Bought two .
 We saw these on the Dog Whisperer and loved how quick and easy they were to use , it 's so much simpler to get ready for a walk now plus they do n't jingle and get the dogs over-excited before the walk either
 This was delivered in a very timely manner and i got mine on sale , so it was a good value . This lead is great for walking dogs with no collar . I walk dogs for the local humane society and some can be very excited and this lead is easy on the hands when they pull . I only wish I could get one a couple of feet longer so it would be easier to convert to a harness when necessary .
 This product is great . Although the lead is a little narrower than a previous slip dog lead , the quality is still very good . Very happy with this lead for my young pit bull dog . He reacts right away when I pull the lead and is actually much easier to walk with this lead.Mendota Slip Dog Lead 6ft x 1/2in Black
 These leashes are for people who want to practice proper dog walking . Most pet stores do not carry slip leads , however I would not waste my money on anything else . Stays around dog 's neck , does n't burn hand , fits in your pocket , and makes corrections with ease at both ends .
 Works like it is supposed to but is a little pricy . I would not have bought it and just let the seeds fall to the ground for my quail and doves , but this feeder is more for thistle-type seeds and you do n't need those on the ground .
 This seed catcher was exactly what I needed to keep the bird seed from falling onto the ground . I ca n't say every drop of seed the birds scattered went into the tray but most of it did.My husband had to drill a hole in the bottom so it could be attached to the feeder that I have but it could be done .
 fits thistle seeder well , like the pre drilled drain holes , easy to wipe off if the birds dont clean it up first , will keep lot of seed from laying on ground to be picked up by less desired birds . JR
 These are a little hard to screw on but with persistence they do fit and stay on really well . It is nice not having as much seed fall on the ground .
 Just exactly as described . I had my doubts , no need . It screwed onto the base of my feeder very easily . I like not having all the excess seed falling on the ground.Fast delivery too .
 been looking for the right seed tray for my nyjer feeder for a long time . even the bird supply company i bought it from said it did not exist . so happy to have found this here on amazon . fit perfectly - so easy to install . more seed for the birds , less on the pool deck . yay !
 Great product-seed tray saves $ $ $ capturing very expensive nyjer seed . Tray is well-engineered . The seed stays in the tray despite windy conditions - and drain holes in bottom in case of rain . Easy to screw on & off when I need to put captured seed back into feeder.I ordered this for the spiral thistle -LRB- nyjer -RRB- feeder . Both great products !
 This is a very handy item to keep excessive bird food from dropping to the ground . Yeah , the squirrels are upset because the can not get to the bird feeder but they have other sources of food . The tray attaches easily and the birds enjoy walking around on it . It 's all good .
 Takes an extra second or two to get it screwed on straight , but once it 's on , the tray does its job well .
 It 's a seed tray and acts like one . Can you ask for more -LRB- other than a cheaper price ? -RRB-
 I have gone to the vet -- changed foods -- bedding -- went to herbalist-nothing worked . This product seems okay to use regularly with out drying the skin and seems to be effective.I ca n't exactly say what was wrong the vet said `` possible unknown allergies '' . She had been good for four years -LRB- no problems -RRB- and then went through bouts of severe itching and really damaged herself if left without wearing a cone.I gave my vet too much time sometimes , I think , with various treatments but the vet said I was n't being consistent enough -- trust me I was!This product seems to keep and cure her -- admittedly I have been using it every four days-for about two months -- I believe whatever started it she -LRB- my dog -RRB- had secondary problems from damaged skin .
 My Shiba Inu always scratched himself -- used this medicated shampoo a couple of times -- it was a lot better than the one I bought at the pet store and he would smell pretty good for about two weeks -- however , he still seemed to itch a lot -- then the vet recommended another medicated shampoo but that was disastrous as his skin turned red and he scratched and bit the hair off his back and tail -- I went back to this medicated shampoo but I think his skin was so irritated that at that point , it did n't help the situation -- finally got it under control by using the Vet Solutions Aloe/Oatmeal shampoo but keeping this medicated shampoo just in case .
 This was recommended for my dog who has deeper underlying rooted issues masked by what vets referred to as allergies . Partnered with enzymes and this bath 2x a week her skin and coat look great !
 I purchased this shampoo on the recommendation of my vet 's assistant , and it did just what I wanted it to . It made my dog 's coat shine , greatly lessened the shedding , calmed his red skin and smells good , too . I 'll order again from this seller if possible .
 Our dog has very sensitive skin . So far this shampoo has worked well to settle him down . He does suffer from a yeast sensitivity so other measures do have to be talen . But this shampoo was reccomended by the vet after I had pruchased it . It 's easy to use lathers well and smells good ,
 I do absolutely love this shampoo !! I have found that when I use any other shampoo , my dog still smells like dog . This shampoo makes her coat shiny and she smells wonderful . I would reccomend it to anybody !!
 I have had shelties for the past 20 years and never had a problem with one smelling doggy . Until ... Lily . The sweetest , smartest , smelliest dog ever put on the planet . We were spending approx $ 100/monthly having her professionally groomed and bathed -LRB- deshedding groom -RRB- to no avail . Literally , within a day or so , she 'd start smelling again and her coat always felt rough and almost like it had a film on it . I love this dog , but do not want a stinky dog and was almost at the point of finding another home for her -LRB- just kidding , but yes , it entered my mind a few times . -RRB- I bought this product based on an internet search that led me straight here and purchased this shampoo along with some furminator products . I followed the directions exactly and have given her the supplement every day . My dog DOES NOT STINK . I bathed her 3 weeks ago , her coat still feels silky soft and while there is a little doggy odor now , it is not disgusting -- just doggy , not strong at all . We are all amazed . I guess she has some sort of fungal skin thing going on -- who knows ? I highly recommend this product , in fact , my sister just came and borrowed mine to use on her stinky cocker . If you are at your wits end with dog stink , buy this . It will solve your problem .
 Our Weimaraner would get irritated skin sometimes when he rolled around in the grass and would get bumps on his back . My vet recommended this Universal Medicated Shampoo and it is great . It is really good for dogs sometimes prone to itchy or flaky skin . I use it once every two weeks . It smells great and leaves coat soft and shiny !!
 Great product . My Cocker Spaniel , Einstein , suffers from any number of allergies , yeast infections , funguses at any given time . I have tried many topical solutions and diets . This shampoo offers him relief for several days , he smells fresh and wow , it is thick and viscous , giving the best coverage of any shampoo i have tried . More for my money , and I like that . I use a systemic topical flea preventative , flea comb daily , and have his coat short . Even so , we live in a humid warm climate and it is challenging to stay on top of his skin eruptions . This is a worthy product .
 PURCHASED THIS SHAMPOO BECAUSE MY DOG WAS HAVING A PROBLEM WITH YEAST INFECTION . IT SOFTENED THE SKIN AND GOT RID OF MANY OF THE CRUSTY SCABS ON HIS BODY . IT WORKED GREAT IN RELIEVING ITCHING .
 My beautiful Great Dane Kramer , is allergic to GRASS !!! We 've been thru so many products , antibiotics , yeast treatments and steroids but finally his skin is under control with baths using VETS medicated shampoo about every five days . Kramer is a happy boy again !!!
 My dog has skin issues and I was advised to use this . The skin issues are gone and her coat looks better than it ever has .
 I am impressed first of all with the company that sent it on time and in an orderly fashion . I simply love the prodcut it works . I am a bottom line person . I will purchase again !
 I have an airedale terrier that is allergic to lots of things . Her skin was constantly itchy and red . This shampoo really has made a difference . I bathe her once a week in the shampoo and have been doing so for almost 2 years now . I would n't use anything else but this shampoo on my dog ! It is fantastic !
 clean very well , but did not control the odor as I hoped .
 After my lab was diagnosed with several food and environmental allergies , I thought nothing would help his flaky skin , drab , coarse coat , constant itching , bald spots , smelliness , etc. . You name it , he had it . He was a mess and I was going crazy . I tried a few other products and was upset when HyLit was on backorder . I was hesitant to try this , because it was very inexpensive , but this is a great product ! My dog has a soft coat and all other symptoms are GONE ! I bath him once a week and this product never dries him out . I understand this may not work for everyone , but I am a believer now .
 I had spent hundreds of dollars at 2 different vets , trying different medications that did not work to get rid of my cat 's ringworm . The ringworm kept spreading and getting worse!I was at my wit 's end , seeing her so miserable , and i did n't know what else to try . I was on the internet and found out about this particular shampoo.Finally , this is what worked - i could tell a difference from the very first shampoo ! 2 important steps :1 -RRB- Get the cat 's fur shaved very short . I know , the cat wo n't be happy , but the fur does grow back in a few months . And my cat actually looked cute in her short haircut : -RRB- 2 -RRB- Really massage the shampoo into the cat 's skin , and let sit for a few minutes before rinsing . Repeat.I started out 3 times a week the first week , 2 times a week the next week , and once a week for the next 2 weeks . The ringworm finally stopped spreading , and then cleared up!Also , it leaves her fur soft and smelling nice . You can use this as a regular shampoo even when the cat does n't have ringworm . It gets rid of any itchiness , dry skin , and flakes .
 My vet recommended this product for my dog 's itchy skin . It works , and I even bought some for my sister 's dog , too . I highly recommend it if your dog is itchy . I bathe my dog once every other week or so during the itchy season , and it keeps her from scratching and biting herself all the time . I used it on my last dog , too , who was elderly , and I did n't have any problems with it with her either .
 Using this for almost a year now and leaves my yorkie with wonderfully clean and skin without flakes . Would recommend it highly and use it once a week with Tropic Clean Conditioner .
 Item arrived on time . Excellent service . Product works well on my dog and helps his skin tremendously . I would definitely recommend to anyone who has a dog with skin problems .
 Been using this for years ... my dog gets rashes every summer and this shampoo is the only one that cures themUniversal Medicated Shampoo , 16 ounce - Vet Solution
 I have two little dogs with skin issues . This shampoo is gentle , works and smells good . They look better and feel better and the cost is so much less then what the vet charges . I received the product very quickly and we needed it .
 Our pouch gets rashes on her belly almost every year during the summer . We figure it is an allergy the comes up every year . Often the rash turns into an infection of fungus/bacteria . At first I thought it was fire ants stings . In any case , using this product helps .
 Order was placed on 9/14 & product was at my doorstep at 8am on 9/15 ... Now thats what I call EXCELLENT customer service !! Thank you : -RRB-
 My dogs get itchy if not bathed every few weeks . This shampoo is gentle and stops the itch . It 's effective at cleaning up rashes too . It has a slightly chemical scent . I use a tearless shampoo on their head .
 I have tried many different products on my pets over the years , but this one seems to work the best . It cleans and helps thier skin without drying it or making it smelly . I have used it on dogs and cats . It was originally recommended by my vet .
 First of all , let me say that this product arrived lightning fast . I was n't expecting it to arrive until this week . It arrived within 2 days -LRB- on Saturday -RRB- and I have already used it . It lathered very nicely . My doggies fur is very soft . The hot , red patches -LRB- not raw -RRB- on their skin have gone away after one use and the scratching has greatly reduced . I know that it will take more than one bath to get the full results from this product , but I can already see progress . I am hoping that their skin gets healthy and they can go back to being happy dogs again instead of stinky , miserable and itchy . I am a believer in this product already and will be a long time user . I am looking forward to their next bath.March 28 , 2011 update : I am still using this shampoo on regular basis . My bottle is almost empty and I will purchase it again . The instructions state to lather , rinse and REPEAT . Initially , I was n't repeating . Wow ... what a huge difference when I did . The first wash would get rid of the surface dirt and oil . The second wash was getting to the skin . It really made a big difference.I took this shampoo to two different vets and both said that it was a good shampoo to use on my dogs . So far , I am very happy with it . I initially bought it when my dogs were suffering staph infections and horrible odor from allergies . My one dog would develop a slimy film on her coat . The first wash would get rid of that and then the repeat wash would get to her skin and the infections . It worked great while the vet and I were figuring out the cause of their allergies . Now that we seem to have those under control I still use the shampoo .
 Love this product . Great for removing crusts from the eyes , non stinging . Helps with various skin irritations and bug bites . Pleasant smelling . Stacey
 Very good shampoo . Spreds well with a little water . Good cleaning with easy rinsing . Recommend .
 Very good product that works well for dogs with dermatological conditions .
 My dog was having a lot of issues with itchy skin to the point of flaking and even some mild hair loss . After using this the very first time , it stopped completely . Her hair grew back in no time . It gives relief that lasts a pretty long time , but it 's gentle enough that you can use it often if you need to . It does n't smell bad , either !
 This arrived within two days ... Worked great on my pug . Will continue to order this product from this company . Thanks
 I own two Siberian Huskies . For most of my older male 's life he 's had terrible , itchy skin that had a bad odor . I 've tried many different shampoos , all different types and brands varying from those bought at my vet to those bought at high-end boutiques . Nothing seemed to really help to give him temporary relief on the itch as well as deodorize . I was recommended this shampoo from a friend and thought I might as well try it out since I 've tried so many other things.After one wash I noticed a huge difference ! A week after I washed him , the bad skin odor is still not there nor does he seem to be itching himself as much . This product has worked wonders on him as both a deodorizer and a temporary itch relief . I will recommend this to anyone who has been trying shampoo products without any significant success .
 My aging german shepherd had been on alot of very expensive medicated `` prescription '' shampoos that could only be obtained at the vet 's office . They usually had a bad odor and did not `` suds up '' very well , not to mention the ridiculous prices I had to pay . The shampoos did n't even seem to work very well for my german shepherd . Then I spoke with my vet and asked if there was any other shampoo that she thought might still soothe and heal my dog 's skin but did n't cost a fortune . She recommended this shampoo and I 've been using it ever since -LRB- probably for more than 2 years now -RRB- . It has a wonderful smell , is very concentrated so you can use it very sparingly , it has done a GREAT job on my dog 's skin and is very affordable -LRB- especially if you purchase it through Amazon ... it 's the cheapest price I 've found . -RRB- We recently adopted a rescue dog that is mainly white in color and has sensitive skin -LRB- not to mention her body odor ! -RRB- Since now using this shampoo on her for a couple months now , her skin is perfect and she smells great ! It got rid of her body odor between baths . I would HIGHLY recommend this shampoo to anyone who is looking for a very good cleansing/healing shampoo at a fraction of the price !!
 I have been using this shampoo on my English Bulldog and my Westie for about 3 years . I tried to save money and switch to a cheaper shampoo and their skin became flaky , itchy and dry . I went back to this product and their skin is much better . They get weekly baths and it does not dry them out.I would recommend the product to anyone , especially with High Maintenance English Bulldogs .
 I purchased this shamppoo because my Mastiff was having severe itching . It has somewhat controlled it . But it is to soon to tell . But I recommened it to everyone .
 This shampoo is excellent for skin/coat problems candidae related . It was recommended by -LSB- ... -RSB- and I have notice an improvement both in the dog 's coat and odor in combo with nzymes nutrition program and products .
 I have used this product on my two doxies for years . I can not live without this shampoo for the dogs .
 My Great Dane suffers from skin allergies that require me to bathe him three to four times a week . The vet recommended this product and for a good part of a year bought it from him . Bottom line , my pet 's coat is 100 % better today partly due to this product . Not only can I see the benefits , but when my Dane sees the bottle now , his tail goes to wagging and stands by the shower ready to take a bath and get relief .
 My vet recommended this shampoo for my dogs with allergies . So for so good . They seem to be better . I need to give them a bath 2 times per week and that is difficult .
 I 've used this in the past , works well and smells good . Lathers very well . I also now use Vet Solutions Aloe and Oatmeal Conditioner by accident ... I bought it to try something a little different but ordered conditioner by accident instead of shampoo so now my dog gets a full day at the spa I guess . lolI never expected this to cure my dogs chewing of paws or scratching ears and face . You ca n't rub your tummy when you got a bad stomach ache and expect it to cure it right ?! Same thing with dogs . Most allergies are going to be either environmental or food so you need to figure it out and deal with it internally for the most part ... which I am still trying to do ; -LRB- I hate giving his prednisone but is a must sometimes to give the poor dog and us relief -LRB- a.k.a. SLEEP -RRB- . I have an AB -LRB- American Bulldog -RRB- . If anyone has the solution to their skin issues , PLEASE TELL ME !!!!!!!! I have had blood test done and he is apparently allergic to chicken , beef , wheat and some other common things so it makes it hard . I have him on a fish/grain free right now . Want to try a raw diet but may be too expensive and tough with his high positive food allergies.Like I said , this is a really good product but do n't think it is a miracle shampoo . I 'd give it 4.5 stars because I do n't expect it to resolve everything . It does get him very clean , great smelling and makes his coat more bright white looking and soft.Arrived very fast in mail ! Amazon rules !!!!
 We love this and use it weekly on our dog who has allergies . I bought one that was more expensive but , it was n't as thick and we had to use more and it did n't lather up well . I would highly recommend this for any dog with allergies or skin issues .
 I have a Dogue De Bordeaux that is prone to low-grade staph infections on his belly and sometimes coat . Of all the medicated shampoos I 've tried , this one used weekly does the best job of minimizing the problem . I am hesitant to repeatedly use antibiotics , so this is a better choice , imo , until I / if I can figure out the root cause.It smells good and lathers well . I apply it and let it sit a few minutes before rinsing . If ordering from EntirelyPets , be aware they love to apply packing tape to the bottle tops leaving a sticky mess . The price we pay , I guess for saving a lot of money .
 This product works great on my cocker spaniel . He has frequent skin fungal problems . This shampoo removes the crusty areas and the dry skin . It lathers up nicely and lasts several shampoos .
 this really helps my dogs in the summer when they are scratching the most . I 'm glad I found this because I had tried a lot of different shampoos that did n't do a thing for them . Thank you for carrying this wonderful product at such a great price !!! : -RRB-
 My parrotlet loves this food . It is tasty and nutritious . I use it as supplemental treat in addition to Harrison 's Bird Bread and Kashi Seven Grain Pilav.Petite Hookbill Blend - 25 oz .
 After skeptically reading the rave reviews of this product , I purchased this out of desperation . My poor 9-yr old dog was suffering from gingivitis . He 's a lab , so he 'll eat anything and in a HURRY . He could n't even eat his dinner without encouragement because of his pain . His gumline was bright red and inflamed , not to mention some major halitosis!In less than a week , I see over 80 % improvement using Wysong Dentatreat . The first day I made a paste and applied directly to his teeth . Then each day forward I sprinkled heavily on his kibble -LRB- 2x a day -RRB- . Within 3 days the swelling was going down and he was becoming more himself -LRB- jumping and running , and generally happy -RRB- . Today , 5 days later , there are only a couple small red patches and he willingly eats his meals . -LRB- side note
 A local pet store owner recommended this product for both my dogs . My elderly Shepherd Mix has awful/foul smelling teeth . She was a rescue and never allowed her teeth to be brushed . My younger Labradoodle has white teeth ~ hates her teeth brushed ~ but a few of her teeth had some serious tartar , etc.I 've sprinkled Denta Treat on their food twice daily for two months and they LOVE it ! The best part is my younger dog 's tartar is 90 % better and my elderly dog 's breath is not as bad ~ and it has helped her gum disease . :-RRB- It 's pricey ~ but lasts long . I would go for the bigger -LRB- 10oz -RRB- bottle ~ most cost effective ... : -RRB- You can also brush your dogs teeth w / the powder . : -RRB-
 I 've used this product for about six months with my two Rat Terriers . It really does help to reduce the tartar build-up on their teeth . There 's an enzyme that helps to break down existing tartar and helps keep it from attaching to their teeth . One suggestion , tho - sprinkle the powder on the BOTTOM of the bowl before you add the food . That way they have to lick it off the bowl , which gets better tooth coverage .
 Wysong Dentatreat -LRB- 10-oz bottle -RRB- My Vet recommended this after cleaning my dogs teeth . The theory behind it is the cheeseenzymes disolve plaque and tartar . Dont expect overnight results but youwill be able to see the difference in as little as one month . Its apowder and you will be surprised by how long it lasts . I have usedthis on my last 3 dogs and none of them have had to have the Vet cleantheir teeth .
 This product is amazing ! They wanted to do dental surgery on my little dog but then I found Dentatreat . Within weeks my dogs teeth were whiter and the gum swelling was gone . She has been on it for 6 months now and only has a little staining left . NO SURGERY NEEDED . My bichon is allergic to many foods and this did not bother her at all . In fact if I do n't put it on her food she whines .
 Have had trouble with my scottie 's teeth since she was six months old . I 've been using this product now for six months and her teeth are clean as a whistle . I 'm convinced .
 After 2 months of eating dry food sprinkled with DentaTreat , my 3 year old Goldendoodle has NO tartar . The vet even commented on how great her teeth were during her annual exam . It has not completelycleaned the teeth of our 16 year old poodle , who needs to have his teeth cleaned . They are BETTER , and I believe that they will continue to improve with Dentatreat in every bowl of food.One CON
 Just by sprinkling the Dentatreat on top of your dog 's dinner each evening , you can keep their teeth almost tarter-free . This product does an excellent job of getting rid of the tarter build-up , and the dog thinks he 's getting a new flavor in his food ! -LRB- The Dentatreat is much like powdered cheese . -RRB- Using this product along with teeth brushing on a regular basis could possibly prevent you from ever having to take your dog in for a teeth cleaning at your vet .
 This is a terrific product . I use it once a day and we have n't needed to schedule a dental since I 've been using Dentatreat . I live with 7 dogs , 2 English Setters and 5 Japanese Chin . All rescues .
 Seems to help with dogs teeth . You still need to brush or take them to the Vet for a good scaling . I like the size of the container . I use it daily for my Yorkies .
 All I can say is that the dogs love it . Do n't want to eat their food without it now .
 If you have a breed of dog that is going to have dental problems than take any precaution you can to help your best friend keep his or her teeth . This product is great and I recommend it for your dogs dental care . The best price I can find was on Amazon and this is not the first time shopping Amazon .
 The product itself is fabulous ! The delay in shipping was NOT worth the price bought through Amazon , however.I will NOT be buying this item from Amazon again , and instead happily pay more for the benefit of a speedier delivery .
 works great , just sprinkle on food like Parmesan cheese . Give it a few weeks to eat off the placque , you will see a difference in at least a month and then just keep it up . totally organic enzymes eat the plaque . Works for my lab mix and she is nine , never had dental work , or regular brushings , just this stuff . worth the pricey cost but 10oz lasts 4 months for me . One drag is must be kept refrigerated upon opening .
 My two yorkies love this on there food at evening feedings . I was a bit afraid that they would not like it as the girl is so silly when it comes to her eating . She eats it off the top of her food .
 I show a toy breed of dog , so dental care is a fixation because they little guys can build up plaque faster than you can blink an eye . Daily brushing with a sonic toothbrush helps -- but skip a day and you are back to square one . So far I have used Leba II spray and Plaque Off before trying this product . The other two brands do not even compare with results . In fact the Plaque off caused severe loose stools in one dog now matter how much I reduced the amount , and another dog refused to eat any food that had Plaque Off on it all all . While both of them made headway after 6-8 weeks , the results even with 3 times weekly brushing were not show ring ready . It occurred to me that perhaps the baking soda and peroxide paste used for brushing were working against the treatment , so I stopped brushing for a mere week . Thankfully , the Dentatreat order arrived in the mail.I immediately mixed a teaspoon with a drop of water to make a paste and got the ultrasonic brush out , and I actually had show ring ready teeth on my dogs . The dogs all love the taste and eagerly accept it . I look forward to seeing the results after 6 weeks because so far this is looking very promising-especially at the gum line where gingivitis sets in .
 Seems to be helping two little Yorkies . Only one problem , I add it to their canned dinner at night and they do n't like the powder , but they do eat it .
 We 've been using this as a paste to brush our dog 's teeth by just adding a few drops of water to an amt of product to create a thick consistency . She loves the taste and we love the ingredients and results .
 I use Dentatreat twice daily on my dog 's food . In addition , I use a rubber finger tip to apply to those teeth we never see . It really helps keep them white and bright .
 My dogs love the Wysong Denta Treat . I sprinkle it on their dry kibble and they gobble it up.Too early to determine if it helps treat their dental tartar - I sure hope it does .
 When my son shared with me that this product had improved the dental health of his dogs , I was skeptical . After visiting with the dogs , I placed my first order . Still I wondered if my twelve - years-old dog 's breath would improve as had the breaths of his dogs . After using Wysong Dental Treat for a month , my dog 's breath smells fresh , and her teeth are white . Now I 'm a believer !
 After my 2 chihuahuas had their wellness visit and the vet told me that by next year they would need to have a dental cleaning , I bought a bottle of this after reading the great reviews and I have to say that it really does work ! They 've been on it for about 3 months now and I 've seen a big improvement in their teeth -LRB- this is used in conjunction with brushing their teeth every night -RRB- . My littlest one , who is a very picky eater , will not eat her food without Wysong . I recommend Wysong to anyone with a dog that has dental problems !
 I have only had this for a few weeks , but my dog 's teeth are showing improvement .
 I work with a dog rescue and we currently have 3 dogs on this product . The product has improved the condition of all three dogs in a rather short time period . We are not using the recommended dosage . We started with 2 tablets a day and are using 1-1 1/2 tabs for maintenance for dogs around 50 pounds . It is not a cure by any means , which is impossible , but it has made all three dogs more comfortable and has improved the mobility of all three dogs . And a plus is that they just gobble it up like a treat . I , personally , will continue to use it with my foster dog .
 I ca n't judge this against other similar products but it has helped a lot with my retriver hip dysplasia and overall joint health.I recommend at least to give it a try .
 been using this product for a long time , its the best one for any dog that has ahip problem .
 These are nice bowls and work great for small dogs or cats . They 're not flimsy and I just run them through the dishwasher to keep them clean . Good product and nice price .
 Unlike a lot of other dog sweaters I have purchased this one ran larger in size other than small . I washed it once and it was a great fit for my dog . There was no hold for the harness but when a snip was made the material did not fray . A great quality made sweater .
 My dog and I love this sweater . It fits snugly , but not too snugly . It only rides up slightly , less than other sweaters . It definitely keeps her warm and she look so sweet in it too ! With the weather as cold as it has been , this sweater has been a great purchase for us .
 I work with rescue dogs and use this leash for dogs of all sizes , from Chihuahuas to Rottweilers , on a daily basis . The leash is a collar and leash in one and slips easily over the dog 's neck and a small , adjustable leather tab can be slipped down so it stays secure and the dog ca n't slip out of it . The 6 ' length is nice , even when walking large , active dogs . It 's very strong and can be used with even strong dogs who like to pull . The handle is comfortable and a leather holder provides additional grip . I 've found this leash to be very durable and withstand all sorts of conditions . It can be easily cleaned with warm water and a mild soap solution . I 'm very happy with the versatility and durability of this lead and definitely recommend it to others .
 This lead works great on my Golden Retriever , who likes to pull when she sees anything moving -LRB- including a leaf blowing down the street -RRB- . The key is to keep it high on the neck just under the dogs ears . It does n't have the same effect when it 's too loose . The lead is very light weight , so it 's not like having a heavy pinch collar .
 Very sturdy . Dogs ca n't chew threw it . Great size for keeping control of any sized dog . The little notch thing that keeps the loop the size you want does n't loosen up too much like on most slip leads . Easy to handle so it can be pulled out and adjusted quickly in an emergency . Nice color too ; -RRB-
 This lead is everything it claims to be . Very well made , functions very well . Very helpful in training .
 We transport rescued dogs , and meet people for exchanges in parking lots near busy highways . This lets us safely take dogs from car to car , just have to make sure you adjust the leather stop each time . Hearing about other stories of escape , we needed a tool to avoid that , and this is it . Thank you !
 The animal shelter I volunteer at suggested this length and width for a slip lead in order to work with the dogs . It is GREAT . I like that I was able to get a color , because that way I can distinguish mine from all the black leads , and I always know it is mine.The `` catch '' -LRB- the part that keeps the loop at its size -RRB- is a little hard to move , but I 'm sure it 's just my individual lead that is tight.It works with large and medium dogs , and I even use it with the small ones . GREAT all-around .
 This slip leash is the best !!!! I walk dogs of all sizes as a vounteer for the local humane society . The leather piece around the neck `` hole '' really keeps the dogs secure because it adjusts to make a tight fit while remaining comfortable for the dog . The round nylon rope is much easier on the hands as well . Plus I paid no postage from this vender ; and the leash was in my hands within a week from ordering .
 My dogs work very well on this type of leash . We had a previousbrand which wore in one spot on the leash . This one seems to bebetter made and sturdier than the one we had before .
 A couple nicks here and there on the cotton part of the leash but all is well . Just as described . I do n't collar my dog while she is in the house , say what you want , I do n't believe in the collar concept while she is home . This leash is excellent and the convenience of putting on in 1 second and taking it off in another is great . Adjusts easily while she wears it.As others have said as a training tool if you are trying to discourage pulling and having control of your dog , have it up closer to the ears and if they have a ton of thick skin there pull it down . It 's 10x more effective , actually I think it 's pretty much ineffective if you dont have up near their ears .
 I purchased this after watching The Dog Whisperer . Our dog pulls very badly . Perhaps I was doing something wrong . Every time I went to use it , the leash slid down from behind the ears to the lower part of the neck . The result was a dog who pulled even more . I went back to the Halti and the pulling has minimized . I will say the quality of this is great and the length is very good . Just did not work for me .
 I like this kind of lead and the Mendota is a quality brand made in USA -LRB- I am told -RRB- . I actually have a Mexican knock-off so my review is more of this type of lead . These slip leads are great for moving a dog a short distance or for walking a dog that has already been well trained on everything you 'll expect him to do on the walk . These leads are poor for getting a distracted dog 's attention or for giving corrections in training . They are poor for dogs that have not learned not to pull.I use it to walk my puppy because I have low expectations for my puppy while he is a puppy -LRB- compared to a mature dog -RRB- and he has already learned to walk decently on a leash for his age . Therefore , it 's unlikely that I 'm going to need much to get him off a distraction or correct him on a walk . He also wears a prong collar with a pull tab if I do need to correct him , but that does n't happen on walks where I walk him.For dogs that do n't walk decently on a leash , I prefer to have a flat collar that wo n't tighten around the dog 's throat . With the flat collar , I can give the leash a few little pops to get the dogs attention from a distraction -LRB- of course you try using your voice first and regardless you reward with praise and treats when he responds -RRB- . If the dog needs a correction -LRB- let 's say he decides to bark aggressively and to lunge at another dog on lead across the street -RRB- , I can give it a harder pop to demotivate him from the inappropriate behavior . This lead does n't work for these purposes . You ca n't pop it . If your dog does n't mind , you will just be pulling and choking him.I like the stiffness of the nylon rope compared to the limpness of the nylon strapping on a nylon leash . This rope tangles in the dogs legs a lot less than the nylon webbing strap type leashes.These leads are ideal for a dog that does n't wear a collar . Agility dogs do n't wear collars when competing and so these are perfect for handling them in between performances or training sessions.Collars damage the fur and affect the appearance of long-haired dogs . My dog is not ready to go without a collar , but I am working on getting there and when I do I will continue to use this kind of lead .
 Nothing what so ever to complain abut with this order.The leash is a BRIGHT red and great quality nylon with a leather stopper.Super hand to just throw over chest while walking dogs and is very effective .
 I needed a slip on for quick walk out but short to keep my dog close to me and this was perfect ! Fit my small puppy to my mid size Japanese spitz . I got the shortest length by the way .
 We used it for a training of our puppy and it was nice and simple leash that is highly effective for training dog not to pull on the leash . You pretty much do n't have to do much other that hold the other end of it.Leash also have a stopper that is easily adjustable for any size of the dog to keep the leash in place . It is also think enough , so you do n't have to worry about doing any accidental harm to you pet .
 I really like the quality of the leash . I should have ordered thinner than the 1/2 inch for my corgies though .
 I love having this leash handy . I do n't collar my two German shepherds , and this perfect to slip over their heads . It is also a great training leash . I highly recommend this leash . It is very durable .
 This is the 2nd slip lead i 've purchased -LRB- 1 for the car and 1 for the house -RRB- . These leads are so convenient to use . This particular slip lead is well made . Plus , it comes in red . Good purchase .
 i purchased the 4foot length leash to work with a stray dog that i took it.it was great for leash training and he quickly learned appropriate walking behavior thanks to the self inflicted discomfort he causes when pulling excessively.the leash was strong and durable to outlast his chewing habits .
 I first saw this type dog lead at a major dog show in my area . Everyone had one . I priced them at one of the dog show vendors and thought they were very expensive . I came home , looked on Amazon and found them for about half the price . This is the most convenient dog leash I 've ever owned . It works absolutely great and is great on your hands . Thanks for offering this product .
 I never knew about differed leashes . Then I was told about this one in particular by my dog whisperer . This particular leash is too thick for walking my bulldogges but it is great for around the house training . For walking I use the thinner British slip leads . Try them out - you will be amazed !
 I compete with my dog and this collar is the best I 've ever owned . Easy on and easy off ... great when you 're being timed .
 I have been crock-potting food for my elderly dog for over a year now . She had stopped eating almost all foods we tried , except the lean meat , sweet potatoes and broccoli that I would slow cook over a day . Now , I have finally found a stew that she likes more than the crock pot stew . She literally would eat 3 times the recommended daily portions of this food if I would let her . And if I mix it in with dry food , she stealthily removes the wet from the dry leaving a bowl of dried nuggets behind . I feel really good about the nutritional content of this food , but most of all ... my dog LOVES it !! I just wish it were n't so pricey . That is my ONLY complaint !
 I was looking for a highly rated , high quality canned food for my 10 year old Golden - I wanted a pop top , nutritional food , and one that didnt smell like driving by a meat rendering plant on a still July morning ... This fits the bill ! The top pops easily off , no smell , rated 5 stars for nutritional value/ingredients ... AND my picky dog loves it.Overall a good choice and no more expensive having it Amazon Prime delivered then it would be in the local pet store
 I am a fan of Merrick products and this is no exception . It is easy to mix with dry food , has fine ingredients -LRB- no buy-products -RRB- and has my dog licking his chops . Highly recommended .
 And I like that the senior medley has a lower calorie count . I have a senior dog who also suffered from skin allergies a few years back until I changed over to grain-free . I also have to keep my dog 's weight in check and have been feeding my dog grain-free products for several years . Changing over from common dog food , non grain-free food , was simple ; my dog loves the taste . But finding enough variety in the local stores at a good price is not so easy . I like that I can purchase this on-line at a great price through the Amazon site . Even happier with subscribe and save option -- I just set my delivery options and do n't have to worry about running around town with an empty dog bowl !!!
 Smells nice , not too much -------------------- I was surprised that my cats did n't object at all to being rubbed down with this stuff -- you do n't need to add water , but the shampoo itself is still wet and cold -- but then I looked at the Vet 's Best website and saw that the shampoo is claimed to have a `` calming fragrance . '' So it probably has some of that flower essence stuff in it that 's supposed to chill cats out . And I did rather like the smell myself
 Our cat has claws and has n't had a bath since he was a kitten , about 4 yrs . ago . He has been eating a lot of cat food with salmon and tuna . I think it has made his coat a bit oily , or it 's from his dry food . Nothing else has changed . Anyway , this has a simple to use depresser button which quietly dispenses a cleansing foam . It has an herbal/botanical fresh scent which is clean - but not obnoxious at all . I am very scent-sensitive and allergic to all perfumes and artifical scents . This causes me no problems . First , I comb him gently with the Furminator for Cats . Then , I gave him about 5 squeezes all over his body and rubbed it in well . I then took a damp , warm washcloth and ran it all over his body . He smells clean , not perfumey . I think this is a good option for a cat who can not take a full bath . I preferred to keep my skin intact , rather than risk the drama of the tub . A very good product and would buy again .
 My cat allowed me to spray the shampoo on him , but did not enjoy the smell of it and shunned me afterward .
 My cat would never allow me to bathe her and as she gets older , she does n't always do a great job cleaning herself . She had a little problem recently with her long hair getting poo on all over her back side . I cleaned her up and put some of this on her and rubbed it on her fur . She smells good again and I am not concerned about toxicity with this . All in all an excellent product . Wish they sold it in a larger size . It goes pretty fast with a long haired cat .
 We have four cats , and yes , I am allergic . This stuff is easy to use and is good at helping control their dander without having to deal with the waste of the wipes or the trauma of a traditional bath . They were a little wary of the foam at first , but now they bat at it when it 's `` bath '' time . The fragrance is wonderful -LRB- neem , I think -RRB- , and it seems as though it is soothing for my hairballs . I just wish it came in larger size or that I could refill the pump bottle .
 I used this on my very hgh spirited cat.She does not like water and it 's a fight when it 's bath time . I have had many scratches as I can not grip her as I once did . So I use this product.It does a pretty good job.She is a House cat and never goes out except for an occasional walk from one door to the other , she prefers indoors.She wo n't even walk in the grass . Finicky cat . Anyway , I just apply it as directed and it cleans her very well . Brush after it drys a bit and you have a very clean and nice smelling cat and very soft fur . I recommend this to anyone who has a troubled and nervous cat who hates water.Sure at some point one may have to go all out and give it one whether they like it or not , But inbetween those moments and water baths and or if you can not give them one at all , this product fits the bill . Buy it and use it you wo n't be sorry .
 I have a very finicky cat when it comes to things applied to his fur - usually tries to lick it off.The scent of this foam was very mild and it was light in texture ; he didnt seem to mind it at all.It left the cat 's fur shiny and free of residue .
 This foam bath is absolutely awesome ! Nothing in it to harm my babies , and they love it ! Makes them shiny , soft , and fresh . I will definitely not go back to the kind we used before . This one has safer ingredients and does n't smell strong . Only the best will do for our furry monsters . This is the best !
 My cat has a bad case of dermititis . I ordered this product and started using it two days ago . I already see an improvement . The fragrance is mild and pleasant . The Cat Bath Foam must not be irritating her condition , because she actually will stand there and let me massage it into her coat .
 It works well my cats are nice and clean . It is clearly visible . Sweet product . . will recommend to anyone . : -RRB-
 This stuff is wonderful for those of us with senior kitties that might not take kindly to bathing , but need freshening up . My 15 year old indoor cat is getting to the stage where she does n't groom herself as thoroughly as she used to , and sometimes she 's a bit aromatic when she slacks off on her routine -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . Although the slightest drop of water will send her into a writhing , screeching frenzy , she did n't mind this wet foam massaged into her coat . Fortunately she likes being brushed , so brushing it out after it dries was n't an issue . And I 'm left with a fresh-scented housepet . Lovely . Recommend .
 2 reasons for not giving it a 5
 My cat just loves this product . It has a nice smell , left her fur soft and shiny.Much to my surprise , the very first time I used it , she sat very contentedly while I rubbed it into her fur and skin . At first I thought she just liked the smell -LRB- which is quite nice and supposed to be calming -RRB- but I now think it just feels good , the same way hand lotion feels good on dry hands . After the 1st use , I no longer saw evidence of flakiness in her fur and since the second application , her fur - normally dull - is soft , shiny and healthy looking.Very easy to use
 Our kitten has sadly been plagued with eye issues , and has been wearing an E collar for the last week . Unfortunately , he has not been able to groom or clean himself as usual , and he was starting to smell a little.I had bought this on a whim -LRB- and to avoid bathing him -RRB- , so I decided to give it a try . He was surprisingly calm throughout the application process , and allowed me to massage it all over and brush him after it dried . This left his coat shiny and he smelled great . By the next day , he only smelled faintly of the soap but still looked and felt very clean . I will absolutely buy this again !
 I bought this to control one of my cat 's excessive dander . Not only has it drastically reduced the dander , his coat is shinier and softer than ever . I even started using it on my other , water-phobic cat . I 've found that they squirm less if I spray it on my own hand first and then rub it on them . Smells great , and they love the brushing they get afterwards . I only wish it came in a larger size !
 This product is easy to use and works well . Contains Neem Oil which is thought to reduce topical parasites . As another reviewer said , this is a beneficial product for controlling the symptoms of flea related dermatitis , it is a comfort measure , not a cure.Cats tolerate bathing well and have a soft clean coat with little or no odor.UPDATE We last used this product a month ago , still no flea related dermatitis on our cat Digger .
 This even helped my white cat to soothe her from her allergic reactions to fleas . I just love it for my black cat that I do n't give a regular bath . A little bit goes a long way .
 My cat came in with such a smell one day and I washed her down with this and it was gone immediately . She did n't seem to mind the nice smell and it dried within a short time . I had never used a waterless bath foam before but very happy with this product .
 Cleaning my cat with this bath foam was very easy . I was worried he would n't like having the foam sprayed on him , but he was patient and let me massage it into his fur with only a little fidgeting . Personally , I did n't like the smell too much , but it 's not a bad smell and the cat did n't seem offended by it , plus it fades after a day or two , so that was n't really a problem . He groomed himself a little as the foam was drying , but there were no adverse effects.My cat was a former stray and just needed some sprucing up , and I did n't want to test his reaction to water by tossing him in the tub . I doubt this would clean a cat that 's very dirty , but for one that needs to be freshened up a bit , it does the trick and is n't a hassle at all .
 This dry shampoo works great ! I have bought several different kinds of dry shampoo at my local Petsmart and every single one of them left a gross dirty feel afterwards . It would be hard and have this greasy residue even after brushing her several times in several days after using the products . This one does none of that . It also does not have a sent , which I actually do n't really like because after I use this my cat smells like a ... well ... . wet cat :P The only reason why I gave this a 4 star review is because not only does it have no sent but it does not really foam that well and when I opened the bottle it did not have much inside -LRB- about half a bottle -RRB- But other then that it worked really well !!! If you are going to buy a dry shampoo this is definitely the one you should go with !! Pros : Works great!Does not leave hair clumpy and hardDoes not leave a powder or greasy residueCons : Does not foam that wellBottle is only about half fullDoes not have any smell to it leaving your cat smelling wet
 My cat did n't freak out and now she does n't smell like garbage ! :--RRB- I would definitely recommend it to cure stinky cat .
 my cat will tolerate this when he needs a bath - much better than the bathtub - and it smells wonderful , too .
 i am satisfied with this product.The ingredients list contains mostly natural products ... no harmful chemicals.My domestic long hair &#34; Simba &#34; doesnt mind his baths with this shampoo.After scent is not too overwhelming ; very subtle.only thing i dont like , is that as soon as you pump the &#34; foam &#34; out , it quickly turns into a liquid rather quickly , rather than remaining in it 's foam form .
 I purchased this for my ferret and he absolutely loves it ! It quickly became his favorite toy , and he has a lot of them . He likes to keep this one and another toy in the cage near his Marshall Pirate Ship . He lays back and plays with it for a good little bit several times a day and is quick to retrieve it when it falls to a lower level in the cage . It jingles , but its not annoyingly loud like some of his other toys . Overall , I 'm really happy I purchased this toy because he 's adorable when he plays with it .
 I 've got ta admit , I was a bit skeptical of this at first . It seemed too large for my ferret , but I could n't be more off . The ferret loves it , and my dog fights him for it . The colors varied from the picture , and one of the six `` nodes '' did n't make a noise at all , but they did n't seem to care . Very entertaining , just be sure to take it out before you try to go to sleep !
 I 've had to buy two , because he misses it when one is being washed . It 's his favorite , he sleeps with it , talks to it , pushes it around with him .
 love to watch the ferret play with this he play with this toy for hours he seems to love it and it bring a smile to your face just watching him play with it .
 Great toy , great quality.My ferrets just love this toy !! I have 4 ferrets and one of them plays just with this toy ! '
 Lot 's of chewing on and still not destroyed ! A great toy for an active little creature ! My boy sure does love it !
 Wow ! This is a great little toy . My pet loved it from the first time he saw it . Spends hours batting it with his feet and jumping on it . Very well made too . My pet has not managed to tear it yet so I give it a 5 plus for that alone . Would probably be a great toy for dogs and cats as well . Gives my pet lots of entertainment . looking for more toys by Marshall . I highly recommend them .
 Not all ferrets like all toys , but this toy is quite popular here at the Hide-E-Hole Ferret Rescue . The jack-like construction means there is always an `` arm '' ready to be grabbed . This comes in a larger size , but the small ones are most popular . It is also a great toy to `` wrestle '' with your ferret . Never use your hands or your ferret will get used to grabbing your fingers and might bite down too hard if excited . Use a stuffed toy like this and you can `` wrestle '' and play tug-of-war . They are also good to toss for the ferret to chase . One of the favorite games here is for us to toss small stuffed toys AT the ferrets . Not sure why , but being bonked in the head -LRB- or butt -RRB- with a little toy seems to really excite them . I chuck stuffed animals at ferrets who are getting too intense with each other to distract them and that works pretty well , too . They are great for teaching nippy ferrets what is okay to bite , as well . Definitely worth trying . If your ferret is n't immediately interested , tie it to a string and drag and/or dangle it . That usually gets * someone * going .
 I bought this sweater from a local pet-shop for my 9-pound Toy Fox Terrier , and she loves it . It is less decorative and more warm and practical than a lot of other sweaters on the market , it does n't shrink when you wash it , and it is designed appropriately -LRB- with the front-feet holes facing down instead of out - what dog has it 's front feet facing out ??? -RRB- . I cut the little back-leg straps off because my dog did n't like them and they just get in the way , but the sweater stays down over her little butt without them.I gave this sweater four stars instead of five because it has a problem that is common among dog sweaters
 We purchased this product and had it on hand since we figured that a skunk encounter was destined to happen . And it did happen . We washed the dog immediately with this product and just to be sure , repeated twice . It worked like a champ . Have had heard of others that either waited or washed their dog in something else first and then got this from the store . Their results were n't as satisfactory . So I recommend using this first and having it on hand if you believe there is a chance your animal will encounter a skunk . Highly recommended .
 I bought this after reading a review on another product when looking for something to remove cat urine odor . The person recommended this so I ordered it right away . I figured it was worth a try for $ 14 since I have tried many products over the years and have had no luck ever completely removing the smell and if you 're a cat owner , you are probably familiar with this problem . My cat had a blockage in his urethra due to stones and he ended up urinating on my loveseat and there were a few other small areas around the house where he had leaked . I used this product on all the areas and it removed the smell COMPLETELY . And there is no odor to the product either so you know it 's not just `` masking '' the smell like everything else out there . As long as I own a cat , I will always keep a bottle of this stuff handy .
 These are the most incredible little things for picking up my cat 's hair balls and poop . I have an elderly cat who is leaving more and more messes behind . These can be flushed and they wipe up the carpet and leave absolutely no mess and no strong , terrible smell behind . We love them !!!
 The 10 lb bag of pellets arrived well-packaged . It is a good quality pellet and my four house rabbits all like it.Note
 Second time ordering the product . The second time the package is at least two days late -LRB- I have amazon prime so it 's supposed to get here in 2 days -RRB- . At first , the rabbits seem to eat less compared to their normal food -LRB- pet store/no brand -RRB- but after a while , they grew on it . I 'd rate it between 3-4 stars .
 Having a chunky bunny , my vet told me to stay away from Fiesta bunny food . Like everything that I put in front of my ravenous rabbit , he loves this food and his weight management had improved .
 Nothing special , certainly , but great deal and our grumpy bunny is no more less grumpy than before we switched to this ...
 My Yellow lab loves this toy . She usually chews toys up but this one is still going strong . The squeeker is very a loud but she loves it .
 this tennis ball stick is standing up physically to our big chocolate lab who can destroy a tennis ball in 10 minutes , BUT , the squeaker is incredibly loud and annoying , so she doesnt get to play with it often . She loves it though .
 This is the first toy that my dog brought back directly to my hand so that I could throw it again for her . The large size helped me to grab one end while the other end was in her mouth . It seems durable . This was her favorite toy for several days , although she seemed to lose interest after about 3 days . I will probably put it away for a few weeks , then bring it out again to surprise her . The squeaker inside makes almost a musical scale of noises , which delighted my dog .
 The only toy my Yellow Lab will play with . It 's easy for him to carry and easy to throw . Goes a long way and he will go after it until I get tired .
 This is the 2nd one I have ordered . The first one last for more than 6 months ! It is a great toy for my dog . she loves it ... brings it to me when I get home . Good quality and pet loves it.I did noticed a difference in material for this second one . It seems smoother and smaller . I ordered a large like the first one but this one seems and feels smaller . That is the only down fall.Overall , good product .
 My dog LOVES these balls . He 's not a ball chaser for the most part , but he 'll chase these . He also likes to race around the dog park squeeking it so other dogs will chase him -LRB- it always works -RRB- . Occasionally the squeeker gets dislodged , so that it stops making noise . But the balls seem to be designed so the squeeker falls inside the ball , and it ca n't be swallowed . The biggest problem is their being stolen by other dogs at the park .
 This is a great toy however the longevity of the squeaker , is not one of the great features . If I rated on the sqeaker , I would ahve to rate a 1 or 2 . I have 4 dogs over 50 lbs each . They have stuffed toys they chew at and never destroy . HOWEVER , this toy is very strong , and under normal biting the squeaker will become dislodged and fall inside the toy . My dogs still love to play with the toy -LRB- I purchased 4 during the 4 for 3 promotion -RRB- . I wish the sqeaker worked however they love to run and tug on the toy with each other .
 Quincy the destroyer beagle that we were foster caring for had destroyed every other toy we had tried with him . The Air Kong Squeaker not only was not destroyed it became his constant companion . When he went to the yard he carried it with him , and upon coming back into the house he brought it back in to squeak and chew , and have it tossed about for him . We were both amazed and delighted .
 We 've got medium-small dogs that love the Kong squeakers . The squeakers hold up much better in the sticks than the balls . They 've held up well over time and are great for throwing -LRB- they have ` bounce ' -RRB- . I ca n't say how they would hold up for big , more desctructive dogs . Even the large stick is made of the same material and I fear a big dog 's teeth might squish the stick until it pops like a tube of Pillsbury biscuits .
 I have a 50 lb Boxer/Pitbull / ? mix and a 100 lb Golden Retriever And have this toy and the dumbbell . They have not destroyed it and they wrestle with it . It took less than 5 minutes for them to rip one of those supposedly indestructible stuffing-less toys -LRB- I gave them one to distract them while emptying groceries from the car . Came in with one load to destroyed toy and bored boys . -RRB- I like this product so much , I am looking to get this toy for my parents 80 lb Chocolate lab puppy to keep him from chewing on their house ... UPDATE
 our dog loves this toy but has only had since christmas and some of the covering has come loose.Will see as he plays with how much comes loose .
 Fits well in the mouth of a whippet -LRB- who has to run around with something in their mouth -RRB- and easy to throw . They like the unexpected directions it takes . They also like to chew off the fuzz so you ought to make sure you do n't use it as a chew toy -LRB- per the directions -RRB- .5 stars for fun minus 1 star for the fuzz and the difficulty in keeping it clean .
 I have a little Corgi that has destroyed every other toy we 've gotten her , even the so-called ` indestructible ' ones . I was pretty hesitant to get this since it 's fabric on the outside , just like many of the others that she destroyed in minutes . We 've had it for two weeks now and it is COMPLETELY in tact still ! I honestly ca n't believe it . I am anticipating how long it will last , however at this point I 'm just happy it 's lasted longer than a day .
 Great toy . Our dog loves it !!! Wear and tear is negligible .
 On Christmas morning , when our grandpuppy saw his Mallard , he went crazy!He immediatly found the squuker , and went wild . We threw the mallard across the room and he ran to fetch . Thank you for such a wonderful toy .
 I read through all reviews before buying a product online and the reviews for this product all seemed to be positive . I bought this along with a small maroon bottle of a Bissel product that was made to destroy pet odors and I used both of them in the same room , each one of half of the carpet . The Simple Solution brand was the one with the most suds to go back over and get up , but it was also the one that smelled the best and seemed to make the carpet appear cleaner.I used to use Nature 's Miracle , but what would happen is I would go over the area and the soap would make the amonia in the urine come up out of the carpet causing the entire room to reek . After I had gone over the area with Simple Solutions , all I could smell was the soap and no urine . I reccomend this product .
 Is it perfect on all pet stains ... no ... but unfortuately pet stains are tough and it is by far the best pet stain shampoo I have found . The smell is n't overbearing . It does n't seal the stain into the carpet which many shampoos do . I 'm very pleased with the shampoo and it is the only shampoo I currently use .
 Our yellow lab became ill , and uncharacteristically urinated in my home office . I tried to remove it several times with Bissell 's pre-cleaning spray and shampoo , both for pet stains , without success . I was afraid that I 'd inadvertently set the stains . I decided to try this product after reading the reviews . My experience was just as positive ; it totally removed the stain and odor . The carpet looks great . It 's by no means limited to just pet problems ; it 's a great general purpose carpet shampoo . Also , if you have any questions , their customer service is great .
 Getting out pet stains is tough and preserving carpet life can be a challenge too . One problem with pet stains is that they can be locked into the carpet or padding . A problem with many shampoos is they are harsh and an issue with frequent steam cleaning is applying too much heat and moisture . This shampoo strikes a good balance and does a good job while minimizing harm to your carpet.Another important aspect of this product is the use of enzymes and non-toxic materials . In short , an enzyme catalyzes or makes it easier for a non-favorable chemical reaction to go forward . What this means to you is that a normally difficult to remove stain can be safely removed without a lot of harsh chemicals . This is certainly worth a try , especially if you have young children in your home and you do n't want to introduce harsh chemicals into a confined environment .
 This is the only product I use for both my spot bot and my carpet cleaner . I have animals and it does a great cleanup job at a very reasonable price . I get it fast online and the price is good .
 One of the best carpet shampoos if you have pets . The odor is n't over bearing . Does a good job of cleaning up pet stains , even older ones . It 's the only carpet shampoo I use !
 Got out all the stains in my carpet , -LRB- juice , coffee , ink , fruit snacks , soda ... -RRB- But it gave me an unbearable headache even with the windows and doors open .
 I was given a very expensive carpet that reeked with the smell of dogs . After shampooing the carpet twice , there was no odor or stains . This stuff is the `` bomb '' !! This carpet not only smells good but it looks fabulous as well . I would recommend this to anyone who has dogs .
 This is ideal for when you 've got a broader area with a stain problem , although it wo n't take out 100 % of the smell by itself . Pretreat with the enzymatic version of this product , wait a couple of days , then use the carpet cleaner . You may end up going back to retouch smaller areas later .
 I bought this after several other products . It was the only one that actually removed the smell deep in the carpet of our new apt rental-there was a cat which marked her territory well before we arrived . My dogs no longer smell the area and no longer make mistakes in the room . it does not smell bad and is not toxic like other cleaners .
 I rescued a Chihuahua . I live in Chicago . Dog clothing has become serious business . I could come home dragging an ice cube on a leash . So I got this parka and Dave likes it . Easy to step in . Easy to step out . Velcro works . He has n't peed on it by mistake , and that qualifies as a marvel of design . I have n't quite figured out how to make him wear the hood snugly around his head yet . But that 's nothing against this hood , I 'm kinda wondering how any dog with ears can wear a hood.Wish it came in more colors and large enough for my Bullmastiff .
 When my wiener dog wears this he looks kind of like Adrien Brody !!!
 The Blue & Beige Hooded Two-Tone Dog Parka purchased for my Chihuahua Chiquita was the perfect fit which is sometimes a problem in fitting toy critters . In addition , the quality of the material and make is the best one can hope for not to forget the stylish contemporary fit . Since we live in a very cold climate needless to say we need something to keep our critter warm and this Parka certainly does the job on all levels . I plan to buy more products from this manifacturer -LRB- Boutique -RRB- . Thank you very much .
 These Fiddle Sticks are great and my gerbils love them !! Kudos the this wonderful company for making another wonderful product !!
 My gerbils love this for hiding and gnawing . The wood is sturdy enough to stand up to a lot of chewing , and , when bent like pictured , there is plenty of space underneath for 2 full-grown gerbils to huddle . Adds a nice splash of color to the habitat too .
 I gave this to a friend who entered vet school this year a Missouri University . We tried it out on a few horses and compared it to a mercury thermometer . I was right on the nose accurate . He was happy to have it and will use it many times in the years to come .
 I bought this carrier after Christmas to replace one of those cheaper pet carriers you can get at a store like Petsmart or Petco , light blue with a little window on each side . I had bought one of those carriers for each of my pet chinchillas , and within days they had chewed off most of the bottom and ruined it . At first I bought two of these carriers , but when I realized how big the were both my chinchillas fit comfortably in just one ! They LOVED the many see-through and mesh windows and the air they got -LRB- too many carriers are just too stuffy -RRB- . I love that it has several zip-up doors , and the pad on the bottom of the carrier is Velcro-attached and easy to remove for washing . The material is light-weight and soft , and I absolutely love it ! I may give the extra carrier to a friend who also owns chinchillas . The only small complaint is that there is Velcro on the inside of one door -LRB- just a small square -RRB- that my chinchillas like to chew at , but I think it 's for attaching treats and toys so I 'll have to pick some up . Definitely a 5-star purchase for me , highly recommended !
 Very nice . Had to use the removable pad feature the first time it was used . So grateful for it . It 's attractive & easy to use . The ferret did n't seem to mind being in it .
 I just saved a kitten from starving to death and had to get him his shot . I had know pet carrier . This product is excellent . I took him for his shots and the pet carrier was perfect for him . I think my kitten was more relaxed than I was . Thanx
 Good product nice price nice size as well.Recommended for that price is ok!It work for my kitties just fine
 For several years I used a hard plastic pet carrier to transport my rabbit to the vet , etc. . He hated the thing and would fight tooth and nail to stay out of it . Now , with this pet tote he 's still not crazy about going to the vet , but you can get him into it with little fuss and he seems pretty satisfied while he 's in there . The floor pad keeps him from sliding around and you can check up on him very easily thought the large windows . The zippers also make it possible to reach in to pet him , which is a good way to keep him calm . I highly recommend this product .
 I am glad I got this product because I have two ferrets and it is very spacious and easy to carry . They do n't like it much but when I need to travel with them this case comes in handly .
 Is good for a short travel with a small PET and quiet . THe bag could be destroyed by a restless pet . I had a big rabbit and I could n't make it to come in . I never used it . It is good for a short travel and is beatiful .
 Fantastic value . Its sturdy , and perfect size for a quick trip , I have an adult ferret and he doesnt seem to mind being in there at all , but again , its small , so I wouldnt put him in there for more than about 2 hours max .
 This is a great product , and our 3 yr-old Sulcata tortoise loves it . Sometimes sheleaves it until last after her favorite lettuce and vegies , but when we check a littlelater , it 's always gone ! Thank you ! patti -LRB- and Tootsie ! -RRB-
 I bought a 15 oz size at my local pet shop for my tortise . He liked it and ate it up . This 60 oz size was so much cheaper than continuing with the smaller bottle . I just aded water and let it soak for a few minutes and feed it to my tortise .
 I 've been using this with my Russian tortoise for several months now and it 's great stuff . For me it was a process to figure out how to prepare it so my tortoise will eat it . What proved to be the most successful was to get a couple of pellets and put them in the lid . Put some water in the lid and wait . When the pellets absorb the water , I spread the grass on kale , carrot , mustard , collard , whatever . He eats it every time . Hopefully this helps someone .
 I recently brought a little girl Russian Tortoise into my home . I was worried she might be picky and not like this food so I bought the 15oz jar of this product but she seems to love it ! I moisten a few pellets with spring water which makes them soft and fall apart for easy consumption . What 's also great about this product is that it 's high in fiber . I will definitely be ordering more when I run out !
 This is nice product with minimal soy and lots of grasses that my tortoise needs . Just remember to add a little water so it falls apart . I put this in a ziploc bag and then shake it with the greens I give my tortoise so she eats it . At first when it was on the side , she would n't touch it . Now I mix it with everything else and she loves it . It is also a good value compared to the smaller containers .
 It did n't take that long and it was better then going into the store and waiting in long lines . The amount of food I ordered I really havent seen in the stores anyway so I am thankful for Amazon for making it easyer for me to get food for -LRB- NOVA -RRB-
 We had always fed our african spurred tortoise Ectotherm `` Sulcata Gold '' tortoise food . However , we purchased Zoo Med grassland tortoise food when Ectotherm went temporarily out of business due to a flood , and we were unable to buy the Gold . We are very happy with the Zoo Med product . It is easy to prepare - you simply soak the nuggets in water for a few seconds to moisten them , and then serve them to your tortoise . Our tortoise enjoys the Zoo Med product , and most always eats the entire serving . We would recommend Zoo Med grassland tortoise food .
 I have been using this product for 2 1/2 years for my two african sulcata tortoises . They have been eating this since they were hatchlings and clean the plate every meal . I soak the pellets everytime for both ease of eating and adding moisture to their diet . My tortoises have no pyramiding and have had excellent growth .
 We ordered , received and paid for the exact item expected . No hidden fees . No smaller shippments . Our Tortoise is healthy and growing strong . We are very thankful !
 Russian tortoise loves this stuff when ground down a little and moist and no longer just pellets . Works great in the winter when fresh dandelion greens are not growing on the lawn .
 We have purchased this at pet store and paid 15.00 for 15oz . What a deal here ,50 oz for 22.00 . Will always buy from amazon .
 I have used this product for several years now . I am well pleased with the consistent growth in my Sulcata Tortoises . They devour the pellets , which I soak in warm water , eagerly . They are active and healthy . Zoo Med Natural Grassland Tortoise food is the staple diet that I plan on serving my pets for years .
 I was very surprised when I received this order . At the pet store I would pay the same for half as much . Great deal .
 My redfoots like this as much as they like Mazuri - I still use both ! I like that this food contains probiotics and is dried , compressed grasses , weeds , and fruits . It 's a bit more natural than other processed foods . I started my tortoises on this when they were hatchlings and they gobble it up , but adults may be apprehensive with the first few introductions to this food . I use this as a supplement to feeding , once every week or two .
 This is a great product , and our 3 yr-old Sulcata tortoise loves it . Sometimes sheleaves it until last after her favorite lettuce and vegies , but when we check a littlelater , it 's always gone ! Thank you ! patti -LRB- and Tootsie ! -RRB-
 I bought a 15 oz size at my local pet shop for my tortise . He liked it and ate it up . This 60 oz size was so much cheaper than continuing with the smaller bottle . I just aded water and let it soak for a few minutes and feed it to my tortise .
 I 've been using this with my Russian tortoise for several months now and it 's great stuff . For me it was a process to figure out how to prepare it so my tortoise will eat it . What proved to be the most successful was to get a couple of pellets and put them in the lid . Put some water in the lid and wait . When the pellets absorb the water , I spread the grass on kale , carrot , mustard , collard , whatever . He eats it every time . Hopefully this helps someone .
 I recently brought a little girl Russian Tortoise into my home . I was worried she might be picky and not like this food so I bought the 15oz jar of this product but she seems to love it ! I moisten a few pellets with spring water which makes them soft and fall apart for easy consumption . What 's also great about this product is that it 's high in fiber . I will definitely be ordering more when I run out !
 This is nice product with minimal soy and lots of grasses that my tortoise needs . Just remember to add a little water so it falls apart . I put this in a ziploc bag and then shake it with the greens I give my tortoise so she eats it . At first when it was on the side , she would n't touch it . Now I mix it with everything else and she loves it . It is also a good value compared to the smaller containers .
 It did n't take that long and it was better then going into the store and waiting in long lines . The amount of food I ordered I really havent seen in the stores anyway so I am thankful for Amazon for making it easyer for me to get food for -LRB- NOVA -RRB-
 We had always fed our african spurred tortoise Ectotherm `` Sulcata Gold '' tortoise food . However , we purchased Zoo Med grassland tortoise food when Ectotherm went temporarily out of business due to a flood , and we were unable to buy the Gold . We are very happy with the Zoo Med product . It is easy to prepare - you simply soak the nuggets in water for a few seconds to moisten them , and then serve them to your tortoise . Our tortoise enjoys the Zoo Med product , and most always eats the entire serving . We would recommend Zoo Med grassland tortoise food .
 I have been using this product for 2 1/2 years for my two african sulcata tortoises . They have been eating this since they were hatchlings and clean the plate every meal . I soak the pellets everytime for both ease of eating and adding moisture to their diet . My tortoises have no pyramiding and have had excellent growth .
 We ordered , received and paid for the exact item expected . No hidden fees . No smaller shippments . Our Tortoise is healthy and growing strong . We are very thankful !
 Russian tortoise loves this stuff when ground down a little and moist and no longer just pellets . Works great in the winter when fresh dandelion greens are not growing on the lawn .
 We have purchased this at pet store and paid 15.00 for 15oz . What a deal here ,50 oz for 22.00 . Will always buy from amazon .
 I have used this product for several years now . I am well pleased with the consistent growth in my Sulcata Tortoises . They devour the pellets , which I soak in warm water , eagerly . They are active and healthy . Zoo Med Natural Grassland Tortoise food is the staple diet that I plan on serving my pets for years .
 I was very surprised when I received this order . At the pet store I would pay the same for half as much . Great deal .
 My redfoots like this as much as they like Mazuri - I still use both ! I like that this food contains probiotics and is dried , compressed grasses , weeds , and fruits . It 's a bit more natural than other processed foods . I started my tortoises on this when they were hatchlings and they gobble it up , but adults may be apprehensive with the first few introductions to this food . I use this as a supplement to feeding , once every week or two .
 I bought this for my pregnant guppies . For the first guppy , I had no idea when she would deliver . I looked in the tank one evening and noticed tiny fry swimming all over . I quickly grabbed the breeder and netted the fry into it -LRB- just over 20 total -RRB- . They were quickly contained and have been growing in it quite nicely since.I purchased another for my second pregnant guppy as the first was full of growing fry . Since I had an idea of when she would deliver , I went ahead and put her in it . She was actually in there for almost a week and although she was n't thrilled , she was no worse for wear . When delivery time came the fry dropped to the bottom and were safe . She only had 7 and when she was done I just lifted the entire `` V '' with her in it and easily deposited her back into my tank . Unfortunately two of the fry were exceptionally tiny -LRB- I believe they were probably Endler 's X 's -RRB- and they DID go through the slits and are now gone . However if the side slits were any smaller , it would not be possible to clean debris from inside the breeder , or allow proper circulation.For those curious , the breeder actually just floats around in the tank . The two little flap looking things on the side are actually air chambers that keep it afloat . It 's pretty clever , really . My two fit easily in my ten gallon ; I could probably fit another , maybe even a fourth if I lined them all up sideways .
 i bought this for my pregnant guppy . it works very well . it 's very light weight and easy to assemble , it takes about 15 seconds .
 This is a pretty tiny breeders box -LRB- check the dimensions -RRB- , but it 's pretty well made and detailed . There is a bottom slat where the fry can swim or fall to the bottom of the box and there 's a divider so you can divide the box into two parts for two fish.The idea is that you put the pregnant fish on to the top compartment . They give birth to live young -LRB- the fry -RRB- , who then fall to the bottom . The divider is in case you have two pregnant fish . There are slats on the sides for water flow , and there 's even a lid so fish wo n't jump in or out . The whole box just sticks to the side of the tank inside by surface tension.Right now , I 'm just using it to keep fry in and so far it works pretty well . It 's small for any kind of fish , even small guppies , but for fry it 's ok . I 'm satisfied with it so far .
 This is the best breeder I 've ever used , the V shape of the insert helps to ensure the fry to drop down and stay safe . I use this for my livebearers Platies and Guppies , very easy to assemble .
 This breeder box is great ! I have had no problems with it . I can save a lot more of my fry using this product !
 Good product , exactly what I ordered . The description does n't provide as much info as I would have liked , but it was only a few bucks so I bought it and it works well . This would not be suitable for fish that lay smaller egg -LRB- i.e. zebra danios -RRB- . The only issue I have has is the top popping off , which I fixed with a piece of tape . I used a wire to support it on the side of the tank . It hangs right on the side . I have already deliver a batch of fry .
 this breeder box is perfect for what I need it has worked perfect and its a great item to have
 perfect for my baby guppies . floats around the tank , easy to clean , easy to see the fish . Already have had several ` graduates ' .
 This product caught 5 batches of guppies , saving them from being eaten . Could n't ask for a better price either . Recommend to any guppy owner
 This net allows for great water flow and allows the baby fish to be in the same water as the adults safely . Mine came with some little plastic plants for the babies to hide in . Place the female in here to give birth , then take her out when she 's done so she wo n't eat them . After about 8 weeks , they will be large enough to go into the big tank . A big problem with raising baby fish is over feeding . this net allows extra food to fall out into the main tank and the adults will eat it .
 I 'm currently using it to isolate an aggressive fish . It works . The construction is very basic -- 2 plastic rectangles connected by 4 plastic sticks , with a net stretched over it . The construction does n't appear durable and I expect something to fail after several rounds of assembly/disassembly . The `` hooks '' to attach the net to the tank are flexible metal plates that you bend around the edge of the tank . It 's ugly , not sturdy , can easily break , and do n't appear replaceable . They do n't hold the net evenly in place -- the front edge hangs 1/2 '' lower than the back . I had to lower the water level in the tank to ensure that the front of the net is above the water line.Overall , it 's fine for occasional use and the price is right . But I 'd get something better for prolonged use , especially if it 's going into a display tank .
 It does the job better than expected . It appeared small at first , but after use , the mother fish I put in it seems calm and comfortable . As other reviews state , it allows for good water flow , and connects to the tank easily . I ordered 2 more today .
 It does what I wanted it to do perfectly , but personally I think Hagen 's breeder boxes are better -LRB- they 're also cheaper -RRB- .
 This was simple to assemble , however you have to be careful , the materials are very cheap . Does a good job , does n't let the fish escape . I guess the only thing I do n't like about it is that it has metal hangers that hold it to the top of the tank . If it had suction cups that would be a little nicer , so that I could hang it lower and keep the water level lower for my crabs . Not a huge deal though .
 We love our Sky Trolley ! We bought the item for our trip to Maine , where there 's no fencing around the cottage we stay in . My husband installed the cable fairly easily , and we had our cairn terrier hooked up in no time . He was perfectly content -LRB- when he was n't getting tangled in the line ;--RRB- the whole time we had him out on the trolley . He had plenty of room to roam the wooded clearing in search of all sorts of smells he was n't used to , and we felt he was safe and secure .
 This worked great for OB Peacock cichlids . Female OB 's mouthbrood their fry until they are a fairly good size . None fell through the vents . This was a great find for a holding/delivery tank . Two deliveries produced over 30 healthy fry . This is a great way to breed hard-to-locate fish for a show tank . Fry food falls through the vents to the lower fry chamber . Side vents allow good water flow .
 I have n't used this for freshly hatched/laid fry yet , so I ca n't comment on that.However , I 've used it to separate my betta from the rest of the tank while he was getting over some fin issues which worked great when I did n't have my spare tank ready to quarantine him just yet.Now , I 'm using it to grow out some little fry until they 're big/fast enough to join the rest of the tank . I love how it provides good circulation despite not having suction cups to hold it steady , it 's very stable floating around . I can also stick it to the side of the aquarium by just pressing it against the walls of the tank . I also like how I can put riccia in there to give the fry cover while not having it mess up the rest of the tank . It 's extremely clear and easy to clean , unlike those cheaper mesh breeders .
 There are a few things I would change about it . I wish the divider would work without using the bottom grate . And when the bottom grate is in , and momma has babies , they can swim back up to where she is too easily .
 excellent bandage scissors . the blunt tips kept me from cutting myself when removing bandages , while the sharp scissors made short work of the layers of gauze .
 This Goldenfeast cooking food for parrots is human grade quality.In fact , I had a friend once that started eating it and loved it , before she knew it was parrot food.Again this vendor is super fast shipping and free super saver shipping .
 Most of my petpals recommend this product . I have not used it yet , but it looks pretty steady . Hope it is steady enough when I use it on my crazy dog ...
 Flexi makes the best retractable leashes ... love the colors too . There is a little side bag you can buy that can be attached which is very handy for bags and keys . It fits perfectly !
 This extra long retractable leash is in daily usage by my midsize Spaniel . It 's controls are very smooth and easy and my hands are grateful . I own and have liked the tape Flexi leads but this one with a cord works just as well with no problems . I recommend it .
 Flexi Comfort 3 for large dogs is great . I am able to handle my dog better with this product then with a normal leash . Thumbs up !
 The Flexi Comfort Leashes are nice looking , comfortable to hold and easy to control . Our dog can smoothly move in front of and around us and the leash extends and retracts smoothly . My hands are a little weak from injuries , and I have no problem either using the lock or holding the weight . We keep several around ... one in the car , at the door and in our camping gear . I prefer the Flexi Comfort Leash to the newer Flexi Freedom Softgrip in looks , though function seems the same . For the heavier dogs , you do n't get the choice of the Tape/Belt vs the Cord -LRB- which is only for smaller dogs -RRB- . I like the tape better , but my son prefers the smaller cord . -LRB- I think the tape is easier to untangle when two dogs on leash go in circles with one another . -RRB- -LRB- On a side note , I tried the Flexi Giant Leash -LRB- 26 foot -RRB- and found it to be so heavy I could not comfortably use it . -RRB-
 This is for everyone who wants to walk two St. Benard dogs , or bigger , and has a `` Gentle Leader '' attached to it . My 80 pound powerful dog will walk by my side for 100 miles , if I wanted , and will not pull . Because of this system , the Flexi is a perfect match . Incredibley efficient .
 Bought this one to replace one we bought 9 years ago -LRB- finally broke -RRB- , this leash was used for miles and miles of walking 65 lbs dogs . Have 4 of these , one set for house , one set for trailer -LRB- we have two goldens -RRB- . Handle is super comforable . I tried same brand without Comfort grip and it was &#34; un-comfortable &#34; .
 I have a dog that is rambunctious and too smart for his britches . He is a Sheltie/border collie mix and wants to herd constantly , including the squirrels ! A tape leash is more durable .
 I have three Irish Setters that range from 70 to 80 pounds . This is the only Flexible Leash I use . The tape is strong enough to hold them securely even when they get rough housing while on a walk . Other cord type leashes have broken and/or gotten snarled . These are the best retractable leash made ! -LRB- And Amazon is THE place to buy them ! -RRB-
 I 've used the two Flexi leashes almost every day since I purchased them over two months ago and they have held up extremely well . I have one 90 pound dog and one very excited and fast 70 pound dog . My only recommendation is to lock the button on the leash the nanosecond you see your dog gather to chase any wildlife . If they get up a head of steam and hit the end of the leash you will loose your grip . My dogs love the ability to endlessly sniff and enjoy their part of the walk and I have an easy grip and hold during my part of the walk -- when we actually walk .
 We have a 10 month old lab that loves to take off on us . This leash has held up great for the last 2 months .
 This is a good product . You just can not let your dog chew on the leash part if they are puppies or they will chew through it .
 I bought this item some time back and love it ! I actually bought it to replace another one almost the same as this one . The other one had all the leash out and i could n't get it to go back in anymore making it useless for me to restrict my dog from going far when i needed to . This one got here quickly and i was excited to see that the leash part is blue ! As i love the color blue this is a plus . I was looking for something strong that could hold the weight of about a hundred pound dog as my dog is a bloodhound . Definitily this one does the trick . So amazon , two thumbs up for that ! As i could not find this leash on any other site but yours .
 It looks weird but works very well . Just set the temperature and attach it to the side of the tank and forget it . Checking the temperature of the tank after while , it 's at the right temperature . What else can I ask for ?
 This is probably some of the best seed on the market . This is my second or third bag used , and dates were indicating a very fresh product . I think it could be better if a little color was added to the mix . and maybe include hemp seed then it would be perfect . I always check to see how much dust comes out of the bag when I do my own mix , and this has almost none with a very polished seeds . I found my birds like a little color to their diet -LRB- eating more less waist -RRB- . I purchase alongHiggins Nederland 's Vita Seed Diet for Parakeet 25 Pound Bulk Bagand this less expensive Supreme Mix 25lb bags and mix them together , stored in air tight containers -LRB- lg coffee cans -RRB- . Shipping has been very fast on both brands received in 3-5 days from deferent Amazon market sellers .
 just what i wanted . Very strong cotton lead rope . Cant wait to try it out this weekend . I recommend it
 I have a very rambunctious , high energy 60 lb German Shepherd/Aussie mix that once the lead is clasped around her collar it 's hold on for dear life or chase her when she breaks free , time . -LRB- Manners fail her when it comes to the park or going for a walk -RRB- Needless to say she has broken clasps on almost every dog leash so far & even snapped a couple leads in her younger days . Dog leads for me are n't soft enough material not to cut into my wrist when she pulls & do n't offer the length we need for our walks.This lead works great.The cotton material is soft enough on my hands to not leave burn when she pulls.Clasp is thick enough for her not to break.Weight of the clasp is not too heavy for her to carry on her neck.There is no handle like on a dog lead , wish is alright because the handle part here is thicker.I 'm very happy with the price paid here & that Amazon offers the cotton leads -LRB- the livestock store locally has the nylon ones -RRB- . Overall this works great for a dog lead .
 Bought these lead ropes for my angora goats . When they arrived , I was surprised at the size of the rope and of the snap . They would be excellent for horses , but not for smaller animals . I did n't realize from the ad how big the diameter of the rope would be . Otherwise , they were as advertized and very good quality for the price .
 Received the lead rope and color was represented well . Is nice and long . Matches the purple halter I got . I would recommend !
 The Esbilac powder puppy milk helped me provide additional food supplement to my ten chocolate lab pups . My Vet recommended this supplement . I was glad that Amazon had this product and the price for it was reasonable . All of my ten puppies were healthy and went to good homes .
 This formula is healthy for puppies & gives them almost as good a start as mom . Tummy upsets are few & puppies gain steadily
 This is a trimmer , not a clipper . It 's small and fairly silent and is for trimming hair on pets ' feet , mainly . On my Miniature Schnauzer I use it for the hair between the foot pads . That hair is very soft and fine and the trimmer takes a long time to cut it . My dog gets tired of having his feet held during the process.More power would be nice but unlikely with battery power . Reviews on other sites complain about short battery life.Check `` Pet Edge '' for a better price .
 This is not for my pets -LRB- I have two dogs -RRB- but for me . My last one just dropped dead after about ten years of weekly use . It is the best nose , ear and moustache trimmer I have ever had . There is nothing marketed for humans that does such a multi purpose job as does this .
 I love the product and how it works , great for small animals to groom around the face and hard to reach areas . However , it 's a bit loud when you turn it on and so our cat had to be coddled and pet quite a bit before we could try it on her.My opinion is that you want to get the animal used to the sound of the product first , let them know that it 's ok and gain their trust first before you try to use it . I do think you will get great results once your pet is ready to trust it !
 This is my dogs favorite toy . Shipment was fast and the product was superb . I will do business with again in the future .
 Our dog loves this toy do much and takes it everywhere with her . She will share her other toys but not her Mr Turkey .
 At Dad 's cottage and my collie took it from his bichon . Would n't leave it alone . This is the first toy she has n't become bored with . Had to buy one when I got home .
 I bought a toy like this years ago and it was my dog Stanley 's favorite toy by far . This toy was also a big hit with a neighbor 's dog -LRB- who happens to be my dog 's best dog friend -RRB- who when given a chance would come running into the house and hunt down the toy . Although the old toy had lasted longer by a lot than any other toy I have given him , it was showing its age and had lost a fin and tail . So when I saw that I could buy it online , I jumped and bought two - one for my dog and one for the neighbor 's dog and they now both have new favorite toys !
 My dog loves this duck so much he just holds it in his mouth and wags his tail . I do n't think I can say any thing more .
 We 've tried what feels like every squeaky toy , stuffed animal , etc. for your hard chewing Havanese . The only thing that survives more then a day or two is this duck . He 's going on 3 months now with the last one and he 's only managed to chew two toes off . We had the frog before and he chewed off the tongue in a week so I wo n't order that again . The duck is the one for us !
 The elephant was my dogs very first toy . It turned into her security blanket for her . She would wimper at the door if she left it in another room when we were going to bed . Yes , she has gone through many of them in her 5 years but they are worth it to me . She absolutely loves any of these ! Just wish I could still find them in stores and not just online .
 I sent two of these to my mother and her two miniature toy poodle puppies . The toys seemed to have held up well and the puppies love them . Will be purchasing one for my own dachshund now !
 My dog has destroyed every stuffed animal and ` tuff ' toy out there . For some reason , this squeeze meeze duck toy -LRB- and the Lady Bug squeeze meeze has survived the onslaught of puppyhood.My dogs are retrievers , and powerful chewers . I have been continually impressed by this toy and plan to buy others like it !
 My English Setter usually destroys toys in seconds . He actually seems to love this squeaky rubber duck . He plays with it , throws it all over , squeaks it , and has not damaged it in the least . I think it could pretty easily be destroyed , he just does n't want to . So in my book it rates 5 stars !!!
 We have a yellow lab mix puppy who loves to chew EVERYTHING ... She has literally destroyed so many of her toys , but her DUCKY is doing great . It was a wonderful buy and I am thinking of getting another latex toy for variety . Well done !
 My dog is addicted to this latex duck ! We spend hours playing with it . You need to cut the tail off because it 's too easy to chew if off and swallow it . This is my 10th one . I bought a whole bagful of them . The great thing about latex is that your dog can chew them without damaging them for quite a while . This is the best dog toy ever !
 The Squeeze Meeze dog toys are the longest-lasting toys that our 3 retrievers have ever played with , and they play with them daily . The toys get quite a bit of tugging and chewing and seem indestructable ! I will be buying this brand again and again .
 We bought one of these and all three of my dogs loved it . Being retrievers , the toy is carried around and chewed on frequently , but this toy is seemingly indestructable ! The tail -LRB- not part of the main body -RRB- did come off early on , but the rest of the duck is intact a couple of months later . This is by far the longest that any dog toy that we have owned has lasted . We bought additional Squeeze Meeze toys and I can say that those are holding up equally well !
 My one year old golden retrieve is currently going through a destructive phase . Anything stuffed gets eviscerated in a matter of days . After getting tired of cleaning up stuffing guts every day , I started to look for alternatives and found these . They are AWESOME ! I 've had them -LRB- duck , frog and dragon -RRB- for over a month now and they are still intact ! The are perfect for playing catch with her too . She 's still learning the art of catching things mid air and these are squishier than a ball so are easier for her to catch . They also meet her chewing needs . She puts one paw over one of them and chews and pulls on them to her hearts content . There has been ZERO signs of wear at this point . The only downside is her love of the squeaky sound . When my family is sitting around talking , she brings one of them over to whomever is talking and starts squeaking it . We 've decided that this is her way of being part of the conversation . It 's unbelievably cute , but is somewhat problematic when you try talking to someone on the phone . Luckily she has mastered `` drop '' so it 's easy to temporarily take it away so you can actually have a conversation . I 'm buying some more to hide away so when she does eventually kill the ones she has , there will be replacements on hand . HIGHLY recommend !
 This is the squeaker toy we have been searching for ! My Golden Retriever loves sqeekie toys , but they have to be soft and look like a creature . This is by far the best toy he has ever had ! My 6 year old dog is like a puppy again with this toy . He does n't squeek it too much , but he carries it all around the house and has to have it with him when it 's bedtime . He 's so cute ! We got him the turkey , which is has a little red gobbler thing hanging off the front . My dog is very gentle with it and does n't chew , but I would speculate that some dogs may try and destroy it . This is softer toy , which is why my dog loves it . But for those super destructive dogs it might not hold up long .
 Our Bulldogs love toys and this one is tough enough and the right size . I have found if the toy is huge or long they can stand on them with their paws and tear them apart . The medium sized rounder ones seem to have the longest life here .
 Dogs love this brand , the only latex toys by labs wo n't chew apart ... Bought up a stash for later ! Thanks
 I have a 2 year old rescue 1/2 australian shepherd and 1/2 retriever -- so he 's super playful . This is his absolute favorite toy ! He 's had 2 of the ducks , a peasant one and a turkey . He loves them all but the ducky is his favorite .
 We bought this product for our cat . At First in the `` search '' we put `` Cat 's dish '' and this came on . As soon as we received the product we notice that the plate is as big as our cat . quite dissapointed about that ... but still we offered to a friend 's family who has a dog to solve the issue . They have to remove the name `` Pet '' in the reference of the product because also a small dog ca n't eat from it .
 These dishes are great ! We just got a puppy who was constantly flipping over her food bowl . After getting these dishes she ca n't tip them over and believe me she has tried . Plus they do n't slip on the floor . These are highly recommended ! And delivery was super fast also .
 Very easy to fill up with seeds , but like what other reviewers found out ; the seeds can easily get wet due to rain if use outdoor . This is perfect bird feeders if hanged under roof overhang or covered patio . I hanged it outdoor under small tree , and to protect the seeds from rain I bought a large diameter plastic water drift pan for flower pots . I drilled a hole at the center where the nylon string passed through , and then installed the drift pan upside-down . Those birds the size of Red Cardinals are afraid to land on the landing loop because when the birds ' feeder tilts due to the unbalanced weight at one side , the birds fly away . Smaller birds like to come at lunch time and dinner time , though .
 I purchased these feeders to attract more than just hummingbirds to our garden . Birds are natural insect repellents , so attracting them to our organic garden was already in the planning phase ! This feeder was incredibly easy to install , is not easily accessed by squirrels or other critters , and attracts a wide variety of beautiful birds to our garden area . I have one in the front and one in the backyard , and love sitting on the patio watching our winged visitors come and go from the yard .
 I have really enjoyed this product ! Light weight , but sturdy . Easy to wash or rinse out . If you sit this feeder in a paper bag while pouring birdseed , you can keep from having the seed fall out . Just pour the extra seed back in your birdseed carrier . The top screws on very well and the small hook will keep the container from falling off any branch or pole in any wind . My birds seem to really enjoy this too !
 I was looking for an inexpensive bird feeder for a secret santa gift that had a price limit . I chose this feeder due to the different color and shape . I thought it would be a fun change from the normal long skinny feeders . I was happy to see that there was a S hook taped to the inside of the cover because it needed to hang from a shepards hook . I ca n't say much about the quality yet because it is winter and the actual feeder has not been put outside yet . It seems sturdy and although the plastic seems a little thin , I think it will do the job just fine .
 I have many different types of bird feeders . I bought this one because it was the cheapest , not really expecting much . I was going to order more but they became unavailable . When they were available again the price jumped up . For some weird reason the birds like this one more than all my other feeders but I 'm not going to pay more .
 This is a great feeder for the money . I fill it with black oil sunflower seed , and the birds have no problem getting the seed . It has stood up very well against squirrels , and even a raccoon !
 This feeder is a great little feeder for the money . I especially love the twist on/off top . It makes filling so easy and you can count on the fact that the feeder wo n't tip and spill half of the seed you just put in . The light green color is also nice , as it does n't show sun fade . I will probably be buying more of this item .
 I have both this and the larger EZ fill feeder . While I think all the First Flight feeders are better than most feeders out there -LRB- durbable , inexpensive , looks nice -RRB- , this one , unlike the larger EZ fill , seems to spill a lot of seeds . A larger feeder like the EZ fill also does n't have to be filled as often .
 This is a very good product . Birds have no problem feeding ; food does not fall out
 This is an easy to fill , attractive bird feeder . It is not of high quality materials - the plastic of the body of the bird feeder is only slight better quality than a two-liter soda bottle . But for the price , I think it is fine . The lid screws on tightly and has a good seal . At first I was a bit disappointed that it just has a small eyehole for hanging it - I pondered over what to use to hang it . But then I unscrewed the lid and discovered there is a small S hook taped inside the lid . It will be very adequate for hanging on a -LRB- slender -RRB- shepherd 's hook or small branch.I rate it five stars based on what you get for the price . If it cost $ 20 , I would NOT have rated it 5 stars . There are certainly better quality bird feeders out there if you are willing to spend more money . But if your price point is around $ 6 , then this is a 5 star product in that price range .
 Birds love this feeder , starting with south florida summer we have sparrows , bluejays , black birds , cardinals , all have a different way to feed .
 Sparrows are about the only birds around here that can feed from this bird feeder . I also have robins and doves that nest near here but they ca n't seem to stand on the feeder and feed . It is easy to load but the local sparrows can eat a full load of bird seed in a couple of hours .
 Very nice feeder love watching the birds gather to eat at the feeder near my balcony
 This feeder was a replacement for one that we liked very much . It took a while to find something comparable . When we received the bird feeder we were a little disappointed at the response from the birds . They seemed to have a hard time using it . My husband made some extra perches that had more depth and now the birds flock to the feeder . At this point we are very pleased .
 I purchased two of these and they are easy to fill . That is a very good thing as the birds keep it empty !
 This is the second time we 've ordered from this company . Both times were very pleasant experiences . This is the only bird seed our cockatiel will eat -LRB- really !!!! -RRB- so it was crucial that our order be processed and shipped on time . It was . Thank you for your exceptional customer service .
 I bought this seed for my two female cockatiels , who have been on a different -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- seed for the past 6 years . I LOVE this mix - it is affordable , clean and does n't have any of the issues I find with most seed mixes -LRB- I do n't like things `` fortified '' with sprayed on vitamins , or artificial coloring added -RRB- . The birds seem to like it , and I liked that it was n't dusty like a lot of seed mixes . Will definitely be ordering again .
 This feeder for some reason seems to attract more birds than my other 2 feeders hanging at the same location . Great price too !! Easy to fill .
 I like these feeders because they look good for platic feeders , the birds like them , they 're easy to clean with a hose sprayer and they 're plenty durable for the price . After 18 months or so when they start to look too worn you can throw them out without guilt that you did n't get your moneys worth . They do hold up to being chewed on by the squirrels but if they fall any distance , pieces will break and fall off . They work fine -LRB- if not better -RRB- without the port covers but the perches will become too loose after a couple of re-attachments .
 Gift selected by my daughter . She seemed delighted . Quick delivery after order . Arrived in good condition .
 Since I ca n't afford bird seeds any longer , I fill this up with dead tree bark . Alot of the birds land near it then see that it 's useless tree bark and they look mad . Later on , the birds start hanging around my window and they look very , very mad .
 I have nothing bad to say about this product . I have been using it for several weeks now and it is definitely my favorite . The birds love it , too ! ; -RRB- The perches are adjustable from underneath the base . Supposedly this allows you to choose which size birds you would like to accomodate . I open it all the way , and the regulars -LRB- finches , sparrows , titmice , chickadees , cardinals , woodpeckers -RRB- have no problem using it . Larger birds may be able to use it , with some difficulty . I have seen the blue jay use it , and it was quite comical . He perched , squatted and maneuvered his body sideways to get the seed . The mechanism underneath sometimes gets stuck , but it always responds with some tooling around.-NO WASTE !!! The lowest perches are on the very bottom of the feeder , which means the birds themselves are cleaning it out . There is none of that moldy old seed left in the bottom . You could easily get away with cleaning this once every few weeks.-Extremely reasonable price.-Pleasant green color , sturdy plastic , easy to clean.-Select A Seed feature allows for nijer.Filling it is easy but I `` close '' the ports first -LRB- move to nijer , with the tiny opening -RRB- , fill it with hulled sunflower and safflower , then `` open '' the ports once again . There is some spillage , of maybe 15 seeds , which I save for the next filling . If you do n't close the ports first , seed easily spills out while filling.There are no cons for this product . But I will say that it is definitely NOT squirrel-proof , so if you have a problem with the voracious squirrels -LRB- and most people do -RRB- , this is not a good choice for you .
 I bought 2 of these to go on the sides of an arbor ; one is filled with thistle and the other with sunflower seeds . The thistle one works perfectly . The sunflower seed 's perches are constantly being closed by squirrels . I have tried to hold the perches open , but so far have not found the correct solution -LRB- my next try will be duct tape -RRB- . Chickadees do n't seem to mind the closed feeder and are able to perch without them.Still , the feeders are inexpensive , look nice , and are easy to fill . If there was a locking mechanism on the perch I would have given this 5 stars .
 I think the perches need to be extended completely for the little birds to be most comfortable , but other than that , it is working well . I especially like how the perches are staggered , so more than one bird can feed simultaneously .
 When you get a product that states it 's usage and then actually delivers on its statement , it 's a no brainer .
 I did n't want to pay a lot of money just to feed the birds , but I am satisfied by this item . The foot stands for the birds seem a bit flimsy but I doubt they mind much . Easy to hang and easy to refill . 5 Stars .
 For the money , this is a great bird feeder . It has a sleek look and it has plenty of spots for birds to perch . It sways quite a bit in the wind and the birds are able to knock seed out of it , but otherwise , we are still pleased with the purchase .
 I just got it today and immediately hung it up . I love how you can adjust the perches to whatever size . it holds quite a bit of seed and even though its plastic i feel like its pretty sturdy . The only thing i didnt like is that tap of the bird feeder just slides up and down . its not really secure . But its been working out so far today . The sparrows and finches LOVE it !! it drops very little seed and the fact that the birds just took to it so fast is amazing ! Love it and i would definitely purchase this again .
 I could n't afford the really expensive brushes , so I thought I would give this a try ... works great , small enough for my little dog , well made .
 Volkmans '' Finch seed is a very fine , clean , and nutritious food for finches.Mine loved it.It had a light orange scent .
 Volkman is a great product ! Shipping from Amazon is steep , but I think it 's still more reasonable than any other website .
 I 've been using this product for 10 years and I havent had any problems with it.My dogs are doing fine and their coats are looking healthier and feels great .
 My male Eclectus is 7 years old and he 's eaten this seed mix for the last six years . He loves it and it 's always fresh , not dusty , and well blended . My local pet store no longer supplies this mix , and we had to make do with other mixes for a short while , much to my bird 's displeasure . He dumped the other stuff out of his bowl on the floor . I was so very pleased to find it again through Amazon . I 'd highly recommend this for Eclectus , who do have unique nutritional needs .
 When I put this food in Birdie 's bowl she went wild and started eating like mad . I have 3 other kinds of birds and they are all on Volkman diets , but Birdie was eating what she had been raised on when I purchased her at 6 months old . She never had seemed happy with her food though , so I tried Volkman Eclectus , and now she does n't waste her food picking through for what little she wants . She loves it ! I am a firm believer in Volkman Bird Food Now More Than Ever !!!
 Good clean , fresh specialty diet . Seed is clean , smells fresh out of every bag . No added filler or coloring . Kermit loves it !
 This is the easiest place to get species specific seed for my eclectus . This species requires a diet low in fat to thrive
 I rescued a male eclectus 3 years ago . He is a feather picker and the owner was also diagnosed with cancer and had to get rid of him . He rapidly bonded to us , and we tried environment enrichment , fresh food and fruits , trick training , vitamins , hormones , anti anxiety meds -- everything we could think of to grow his plumage . I started him on this diet three weeks ago , and he has ~ 20 % more growth . Everyone who knows him has been commenting on how many feathers are growing . Thank you for this fabulous diet !
 It is true this mix does have some smaller seeds , but i find that if I leave the food on the dish just a tiny bit longer than usual the birds will did into the smaller seed for less waste - another option is to sift out some of the smaller seed and use it for the birds bread ! It is a little pricey after shipping , but I have not been able to find it or an equivelant any where near where I live -
 my parrot loves this bird food , and it makes it simple , not worry over variety , because it 's all in there .
 My 2 Ekkies LOVE this mix ... they took to it right away . My African Grey loves it too ! I would say this is highly recommended .
 I purchased this for our two miniature schnauzer puppies -LRB- 9 weeks old -RRB- and they love it . It 's a good quality product and was reasonably priced .
 Ordered this for my puppy , Rylee , a maltese.She loves it , and I have put it in her crate.Pretty neat too , because she has not been ableto chew it to pieces . Washes well , sturdy andattractive . Recommend .
 My puppy , Molly loves this bed . It is soft and fits perfectly on one end of her kennel . I may have to buy another for our road trips to just keep in the truck .
 I just started crate training my 2 year old chihuahu -LRB- she has always slept in my bed -RRB- and we got this cute 30 '' pink bed to put in her pink 30 '' crate . She hates her travel crate but she took to this bed like a duck on water . The pad is great quality , came super quick and fits in the crate perfectly . And the fact that Bailey loves it is just the icing on the cake . I would fully recommend this bed to anyone . The price , compared to local pet stores is way competitive !
 UPDATE
 I have purchased 5 of these in 2 different sizes and have been very pleased . They wash and dry well and are very soft and comfy . Perfect for the pampered pooch in your life .
 These are perfect . I have a Husky pup and a Chow mix and they love them . I got the 30x21 for my 7 mth old Husky and she will curl up on it when she is in the mood . I ordered the smaller one so it would only cover half the crate and she can move to the cooler crate flooring if she gets hot . I love the pink color . Its really cute . She got it muddy after a few days and I threw it in the washer and none of the stuffing moved . When I took it out of the dryer it looked like new . I got the 36x23 for my chow mix for his XL foldable crate . He loves it too and the baby blue is very pretty also . I love these and when they wear out I will order more . These are especially great for dogs that prefer the cooler weather as they are not to fluffy and they do n't get hot too fast . Also great for inside travel crates .
 very good bed nice for crates . soft but this bed is made for small breeds such as shitzu , maltese , yorkie , chihuahua , ect .
 The cats loved these beds also , they are soft and long enough to stretch and snooze !
 This pillow is a perfect fit for the Midwest 1624DD 24 x18 x 21 Life Stages Double-door Dog Crate that I also purchased . The pillow is just as soft and durable as it is described . I 've already had to wash it and it comes out perfectly fine , maintaining its shaping through washing and drying . The color is just as pretty as the pictures and this pillow really helped to make the other-wise unimpressive crate look very pretty and feminine for my female toy poodle . I can tell she enjoys the plush comfort of her pillow by the way she runs into her crate and snuggles .
 My little Shih-pooh is 11lbs and fits ion this with plenty of room to spare ! She had begun chewing on the tag , but once we removed that , she has been very content .
 This bed fits perfectly in the Midwest 1524 iCrate Single-Door Pet Crate 24-By-18 - By-19-Inch crate . It is very pretty and seems to be very durable . Our puppy loves it !! Would definitely buy this bed again .
 The fabric is a ` short ' fleece and very soft . I wanted to make sure my not-here-yet puppy had a comfortable kennel pad , and this is great . I 'm definitely glad I got it for her , and it fits in the PetMate Ultra Vari-Kennel just perfectly -LRB- 15-20 pound dog size -RRB- .
 It 's perfect , great for my lil shih tzu , Very soft . Love the color . I 'm very happy with it . Fits great in crate ...
 Recomend this , it 's great and kitty loves it!Recomend this , it 's great and kitty loves it!Recomend this , it 's great and kitty loves it !
 Was looking for a slightly smaller size cat bed/carrier lining . The color is as pictured . Very happy with product as well as my cat .
 I bought this for my dog as her work bed and she loves it . It is easy to wash and cute and sturdy !!!
 LIGHTWEIGHT , WASHABLE . . KITTY SEEMED TO LIKE IT ... SERVED THE PURPOSE FOR TRAVEL AND FITS IN A CARRIER QUITE NICELY . RECOMMENDED DUE TO EASY CLEANING
 This is a simple and basic design , available from many companies . But , I really like this one . It seems well made and is attractive . But , most of all it is comfortable for my cats . They really love using it ! From one to four cats is on it at any given time , as they pile onto it together . I am not sure why it is so special for them , but I already bought a `` back up '' for when they ruin this one ! There have been a couple of vomiting issues from the lazy ones already , and it spot cleaned real well . So , I would highly recommend this bed .
 Very pretty . Beautiful color . washable . nice on a bed for a pet . . they love them . matched room decor . keeps pet off bedspreads .
 Nice & soft . Helps our Yorkie enjoy her kennel while she rests . She feels safer with a shelter even though we do n't close the door cause she knows we wo n't accidentally step on her . Fits perfect in our medium size pink kennel . It does n't ball up like other materials . Can wash or shake out if needed .
 Only ordered two of these to use in Midwest 24x18 crates purchased for our cats . I bought pink since we have female cats . . I did n't even have a chance to cut off the tag before the cats climbed in the beds and took them over . Looks like I will be buying more of these . Very soft and fits the crates great .
 This product has held its shape and color . Washes well and fit Haileys bed perfectly We wash this bed on a monthy basis
 This is a nice soft bed . My only complaint is that it is smaller than the sizing on the chart . If you order and want it to fill your crate , order one size bigger . My puppy likes to lay her head on the side bolster . I ordered the tangerine color and it is really pretty .
 The crate fits the 22 x 13 crate that we bought from Amazon . Our puppy had one accident so I threw it in the washing machine on the gentle cycle and then in the dryer . No damage from the machines . Our puppy also chews at the bed sometimes and it 's held up . The color is pretty too .
 I bought this pet bed for the blue crate I ended up with . It fits fine . I read some reveiws that said it was too thin . I guess it could have more padding on the bottom , but it seems ok for my 5 month old , 10 pound puppy . It really is very attractive and so nice from the regular pet beds . It washes up good , too . I really like this pet bed and would order another one if and when I need another one .
 This bed is a lot thinner than I thought it would be . It 's decent for a crate as it is pretty easy to wash . Overall I would recommend if you have a dog that likes lying on the floor .
 My little guys love this pet bed . One of the best features for me is no zipper for them to destroy and it is so well made . I have n't washed it yet but the filling feels like foam so I do n't think it will `` bunch up '' when washed .
 I bought this to use in a crate , and it is perfect ! It is n't thick enough to be used on any cold surfaces , such as cement or anything , but for the plastic bottom of my crate inside the house it is just right . It 's really soft and cute !
 My puppy loves her mat ! It is a perfect size . I bought four of them for each room in the house so she has her own spot in each room !
 This bed was exactly what I was looking for . It was priced fairly and came quickly . I would definitely recommend the bed and this vendor .
 It is comfortable and my dog loves it . We put it in his crate for during the date and he is sleeping every time we get home .
 This is the right size for the puppy carrier pen that both pets use as a relaxing just playing inside their cage pen . It is easy to wash and dry .
 The bed has held up to my puppy for a few weeks now ... she bites it , drags it and also sleeps in it . She is only 11 lbs , so maybe that is why it seems to be durable . Washed it once in the washing machine with no problem . My only complaint is that it could use A LOT more cushion ... the botton barely has any .
 I bought two of the 30 '' x 21 '' beds -LRB- in Periwinkle , so pretty -RRB- for my Midwest 42 '' crate and it fits so nicely ! This is a perfect size if you are looking for a bed that will take up about 1/3 of a 42 '' crate . This left plenty of room for two large 7 '' bowls , room for her toys and room to tinkle to the paper lined pan below the bottom grid . The bed feels nice and comfy and my puppy likes it most importantly !
 Esta camita de perros es de gran calidad y muy suave , lavable y muy liviana ... mi mascota la disfruta mucho
 I would give it a 5 , but it does n't have a sticky bottom , so it slides on the floor and carpet , but it 's a great color and it 's only for the crate so it serves it 's purpose .
 My little POM sleeps at my feet in her little bed and gets her nose out of joint if I have taken it to wash . It washes well and I have been pleased withthis purchase . Plus it is just so darn cute !
 This is the only pet bed I have found that my pug will not chew up and pull the stuffing out of . This one is very durable and washes well too . I purchased 2 on my last order so I have a back up . I wo n't be using any other beds in the future .
 i recieved my pet bed and my little ginger got so excited . She sleeps in it every night , and and usually when she naps during the day . It is perfect for small dogs . .
 my peekapoo puppy loves this bed it was in great shape and shipped quickly . she barks if i dont have her bed in the kennel . . good product well made and ive washed it many times still holding up great .
 I bought this one and a pink one for my two dachounds and they love them . plus I have washed them and they are okay . Price is good too .
 I was a little leery of ordering this as sometimes when you order something purple it comes blue . This is a beautiful purple bed and by dear sweet FiFi -LRB- Yorkie -RRB- love it . Thanks you so much . I would buy a bigger one for Buster -LRB- boxer mix -RRB- but he likes to eat beds .
 Product is well made , but is just a little unsized for the kennel that we purchased.Our kennel size is 22x13x16 . I wish that it was offered with the kennel as an option so that it would have fit better . The length is the only thing I would like to see corrected .
 I got this to go in the pink kennel that I bought and it fits perfectly . Just enough padding and is nice and soft .
 Love this bed . In fact , I purchased two of them . It fits perfectly in my puppy 's crate . It 's not only pretty , but it washes beautifully .
 I bought this for my cat who loves to sleep in my bed every night with me . I was looking for a solution to keep her off my comforter because of the cat hair she would leave behind . I found this to be the perfect solution . Tigger loves it and makes a bee line for her bed every night which I have just laid down on top of my comforter . I vacuum it every other day and wash it once a week . Pop it in the washing machine and put it in the dryer . It comes out good as new . Clean , sanitized and nice and soft . I highly recommend this product .
 I like the color ... it was not tangerine , but brown ... I liked the thickness ... the size was a perfect fit for my dog 's crate ... and best of all , he loves it .
 It 's so soft and pretty . I use it as a spare one for the family room besides the one in her cage . I love it , and my dog uses it very often .
 My dog loves it.I like its color , its size and its quality . ! There is n't something tha I do n't like!I recommend it for small small dogs in order to fit perfect on it !
 This bed is good to travel and move in any part of the house you need it . It is mostly in her kennel but I do move it out sometimes as she needs to lay down else where in the house . I did buy another bed as this one is only to get the job done for short time and for use in her kennel . Over all this is a good bed , I like it .
 My cat Cuddles Loves her new bed , I move it in diffrent places she sleeps & shes Always in it.So soft & a great size . Thankyou from Cuddles & her Mommy &#60; 3
 Perfect size . Has held up well even after washing in the washing machine . Perfect for my 5 pound chihuahua . Very well made
 I have 4 different dog pads -LRB- beds -RRB- shaped like this one . BUT both dogs rather be on this one than the others ! Must be because the material is different ? Anyways , all I know is that I 'll be replacing the others when it comes time with this fuzzy one !
 I purchased this item to be sent to a charity for blind cats although I did n't actually see the bed myself I have since seen a video of the cats enjoying it .
 Perfect size and a very pretty pink . I am a happy customer ! I bought this item along with a wire crate before I got my puppy and it was the smartest thing I have ever done.She is now 31/2 mo old and her crate with her little pink pad is her favorite place to be !
 we use this as a cushion in our dogs bag , & she loves it . she can always curl right up and looks so cozy . we 've had it over 2 years and it has held up great even with washing .
 This bed came amazon prime in 2 days and it was so perfect for her matching pink crate i just bought !!! Very affordable and also very soft and plush . Within 5 minutes my puppy stretched out and was snoozin away .
 I LOVE this beautiful pink doggie bed & so does my dog . SO fluffy and beautiful I am VERY happy with my purchase !
 I bought this item and donated it to a shelter/rescue for small animals . They loved the product and it arrived right on time .
 Just received the two crate beds I ordered a few days ago . I know Midwest to be of very good quality and value , the seller , OZBO , is new to me . My experience with communication and shipping from this seller was excellent . I would n't hesitate to buy from them again or recommend them to friends .
 I have 4 , all wash up very nicely , looks like they will be long wearing , have both grey and pink and getting ready to order 2 larger in pink and periwinkle . Ca n't go wrong
 My girls are sooooooooooo happy !! This is such a nice little warm bed . my kitty has degenerative joint disease , and this seems to really soothe her !! Thanks !
 I purchased this item to use as a crate pad in a 17 '' x 24 '' crate . Rather than being 18 '' , which I hoped would snug the bolster edges up a bit higher and keep the pad from moving , it is 17 '' . That 's not bad , but not what I pictured when I purchased it . The length is closer to 22 '' and does not extend the full length of the crate , so it slides around a bit . Other than that , the item is just what I expected . If the size matched the dimensions listed , I would have given it five stars .
 Nice bed , but note that the measurements given are a little off , and they also refer to the entire cushion , not the interior `` sleepable '' area . Still , it is big enough for my pooch , who prefers to sleep on soft surfaces . Not true of my last dog , who preferred to sleep on the floor .
 I purchased several beds for my cats . They love these beds , and I love them because they wash up beautifully . They also fit nicely into my carriers , making the trip to the Vet a little more comfortable for them .
 My cats love a nice , soft surface to sleep on , so this is perfect for them . It 's certainly big enough for the biggest cat to get in , and the two females usually sleep together anyway , so they can fit in it , too . The biggest one , the male , has been checking it out and kneading it a little , so he 's getting it all ready for a snooze . I 'm pleased with it .
 This is a superior seed . It 's the only seed I use . It 's always fresh and bug free .
 Fat Cat products rock ! This is really cute , a toy for Tinky and a pad for me !!! The only negative is the way the sardine toy is attached to the notepad , it leaves little holes in the cover of the notepad . I think it would be great if the toy was attached a different way so I would feel better about giving this item as a gift to my cat lovin friends .
 This seed is beloved by my two conures ; a Sun and Pineapple Green-Cheek ! It has great variety , and leaves little mess .
 This is the best seed mix I can find to make both of my birdies happy , and the vet was super thrilled with it when she saw it in their little travel cage , but as birds are notoriously picky eaters , a LOT of the seeds go untouched . I do n't know which ones they 're picking out , but they never really eat the larger seeds and instead pick through and go for the little ones and sometimes the sunflower kernels . So , while it 's a fabulous mix because they 're doing well and have plenty to eat , I wish the mix of seeds was more to their liking . It 's not a problem with Volkman 's choice , I 'm sure -- as birds just wo n't eat what they wo n't eat -- but I ca n't really give it a full 5-star rating because it 's not something I feel I could n't replace , if I took the time to figure out which seeds they 're eating , specifically . I wish the formula was a little more palatable to them across the board . Do anyone 's small birds eat the peanuts ? Mine are like , &#34; huh ? &#34; when it comes to those and the other big seeds .
 It does n`t get any better than this . Fresh bird food that has it all in the mix . My birds love it . I have purchased this seed mix more than once and will continue to do so . Volkman is a trusted name in the avian food industry . You just know you are getting the best from this brand .
 This brand of bird seed is the best of what is out there . It contains no peanuts which can harbor mold nor does it have any sunflower seeds which make your bird fat . My birds love this seed . It is well worth ordering from Amazon . You will not find this classy seed in any pet store .
 My dog is visibly healthier while taking this product 1 morning and evening . She had a limp that was diagnosed by a vet as arthritis setting in related to a prior injury . Since she has been using this product her shoulder soreness only flares up when she gets overly agressive wiht the squirrels in the back yard .
 Much better then going to a local pet store . Cheaper and saves me a trip to the pet store.Great for putting Goldy 's arthrites pills in . Thx .
 If you own any dog big or small this is the best vitamin you can give your four legged friends . They love it as a treat and you love it because they eat it . . might not be a cure in my book but if it will help them live better or prevent any ailments from getting worse . I am sold !! Any big dog owner will notice a difference . Give it a try . I have and my rotties love it .
 I have been giving these supplements to my dogs for the last 4 years . One of my dogs had orthopedic surgery when she was about 4 years old and my vet recommended a daily joint supplement . My close friend , whom I call `` Dog Mother '' because she knows so much about dogs and their needs , recommended this product . My other dog is approx . 10-11 yrs old and has no physical disabilities . Both love these chews . I really feel that they benefit from this supplement because the one time I ran out , the younger dog 's gait seemed to stiffen after normal exercise . Once back on the Synoviflex chews , the stiffness disappeared.Synoviflex Joint Care Soft Chews for Dogs by Vitality Systems -LRB- 240-count tub - liver flavor -RRB-
 I am pleased with this product . My dog loves to get these and I know it is helping his arthritis .
 Had the product before purchased from a veterinarian to help my dog 's arthritic joints after a torn ACL in one hind knee . Altho ' there was surgery to correct injury , the joint was damaged enough to be arthritic so these &#34; black gumdrop-like &#34; medication is suppose to help . It 's the same type of ingredients I take for my own joints . I purchased this bigger container with more inside which was about 1/2 per &#34; gumdrop &#34; price I paid for at the vet 's . Dog loves it and asks for it . We play a game of me dropping it on the count of &#34; 3 &#34; and the dog attempts to catch it which has happened several times , so still learning .
 We use Synovial - Flex for our 9 year old Labrador as a maintance vitamin . He loves them , but I guess Labs eat anything right ?
 My getting older GSD does much better with this medication than without . If I miss a day-rare but it happens-there is an increase in discomfort . My little guys get it too , and although I can not see as much as a difference , I swear by it.This is one easily accepted chew that my pups look forward to , and I am delighted by its effects ! .
 I have a German Shepard that has had hip problems since she became part of our family . My Vet was having me give her two of these same chews going on three years now.I was purchasing them from my vet as I was believi ng it was a prescription product . I did n't mind the price as it was for a family member.I had seen these chews advertised on Amazon and compared them to what I was buying from my Vet . They were the same product , same manufactor , same everything except the cost and quanity.I ordered two containers of 240 chews each for the same price I paid for two containers of 120 chews from my Vet.Need I say more .
 I liked the bulk purchase of this product . I am not sure if it helped the 13 year old Aussie shephards but it did provide extra nutrients . They made it to 14.5 and 15 years old . A friend swore by it so I had to try them .
 Our 7-year-old Basset hound suffers from arthritis in both shoulders . Our vet sold us the 120-piece tub of Synovial-Flex Soft Chews for $ 56.00 , with instructions to give 5 chews a day for one week , and then 2 chews a day from then on . I choked at the price . Imagine how great I feel about buying twice as many chews for less than what we paid for 120 ! This is a win-win situation because our boy is already feeling so much better , and now he can feel better twice as long for the same price ! Excellent product ! Excellent price !
 Our german shepherd loves the taste -LRB- treat -RRB- , and best of all , very quickly -LRB- within 2 weeks -RRB- we noticed a big change in her flexibility and movement . Wo n't ever be without them now .
 Hector seems to like the taste of the product.He has been on them for 4 weeks and I have not seen any significant change in him . . however to be fair he does not have a significant arthritis problem ... He does sprain his left paw more often than normal . . and still limps somewhat at times ... I am giving him this product more for prevention at this point . . he is an 8 year old Airedale . . According to my Vet whom I trust . . it is suppose to be an excellent product ...
 My dog -LRB- lab mix ... 85 lbs -RRB- uses these everyday . He also gets a shot once a week -LRB- for 5wks -RRB- . Both worked together and my dog no longer limps .
 but my dog has responded very well to her twice daily dosage . i thought she was on her way to puppy heaven last year but she got much better when these were added to her course of treatment . i would LOVE to find another product as complete that would be cheaper but i was unable to find one . i think it is a great product that yields positive results but i do NOT find this price to be reasonable in any way .
 This product was recommended by my vet to keep my agility and frisbee dog healthy . This vendor offers the same exact product at a 60 % discount . I love my vet but not that much .
 Length :
 Works great . I have it in a 40 gallon tank with about 20 gal of water . The turtles seem to enjoy climbing on the rocky exterior of the filter . I was able to use the regular Tetra Whisper filter cartridges which are cheaper than the reptofilters with this filter .
 I have had this filter for about three months in one end of a standard 10 gallon aquarium , which houses a small newt . It 's a nice way to hide the filter away , and to keep delicate amphibians out of trouble , as they have a tendency to explore the insides of dark places like filter housings.It provides some dry land area , with an easy climb out of the water . It is also much taller than other in-tank filters that I have tried , so the water level can be deep enough for the health of aquatic animals like my newt.It takes two standard sized filter cartridges , which are used by many other filters , so they are relatively cheap and easy to find . The top of the rock lifts away , allowing easy access to change the filter cartridges without the need to tear the habitat apart . It also has handy fill lines on the back side of the rock , which mark the high and low fill levels.The top fits snugly over the waterfall outlet , so there is no danger of small animals getting into the filter and becoming injured . The largest gaps into the filter housing are the intake holes along the bottom of the rock , which are about 3/8 '' in diameter . It would be very easy to block them with mesh if you have smaller animals.I am considering purchasing a second one for my firebellied toad habitat . I definitely recommend this filter . It was well thought out and is of good overall design and quality .
 I recently bought this filter for my 40 gallon tank . It looks very nice in the corner of the tank . My turtle often swims over and sits near it , resting her legs on the side of it . The filter is very quiet , I do not hear it at all . The water fall lets off a tranquil sound of running water . Friends and family have commented on how nice it looks in my tank and how they love the sound of the running water.I gave this filter 4 out of 5 stars because I do have a problem with cloudy water . I change the water in my tank once a week . My cloudy water problem though could be a result of my turtles food , not the filter . I am currently working on correcting this problem.Overall , I am glad I bought this filter and would recommend it to others !
 I bought this filter after rescuing two adult RES turtles . So far I 'm really liking it . I believe my turtles love it too . A day or so after putting them in , my boy managed to climb up to bask on the top and since then it 's pretty much his rock . My girl 's bigger , so she has her own basking dock , though she too has managed to climb on it on occasion , though I try to discourage it . I have it set up for 40 gal breeder , but plan on getting a larger breeder soon since I have 2 adults , and at times they seem a bit crowded . But as I said , so far so good . The filter uses 2 cartridges and so far I notice that they last for about 2 weeks , give or take . Turtles are notorious for creating a lot of waste , and as I mentioned already , I have 2 adults , so the fact that I do n't have to change it every week as I was warned , it 's great . For others it may last longer , depending on what you 're gon na put in there . The motor is small and you really do n't hear it , the dripping/flowing water is another thing , but by now we 're so used to it , we barely register it . And it does lull every so often . Oh and did I mention it looks really nice in the tank ? I have a nice plot plant next to the aquarium on one side and the leaves fall over the mesh -- and along w / the few plastic ones on the tank itself , it really makes it eye-catching . The only thing I have an issue w / is the Disposable Filter Cartriges Tetra provides . They only sell 3 cartridges , when this filter takes 2 . Perhaps the others do n't require double , so I 'm gon na try the 12 pack BioBag they have here in Amazon . Hopefully there is n't any trouble and it 'll save me the extra $ $ I would spend buying the 3 packs .
 I have been struggling with keeping my turtle water clean . When I first saw this product my main demeanor was that something this nice could work so good . After setting it up in my not so clean turtle water , within about eight hours my water was clear . I am so happy with this product ! It was easy to set-up and worth the price , and the turtles love it . They use it also as a basking area .
 This filter is great ! My turtles love the top of it to lay on and it keeps the water crystal clear !! I 've got them in a 40 gal tank ...
 This is the bset filter I have ever owned . I have two FBT 's and one tree frog and three small fish in my 10gal tank . I have had this filter for three mounths now and I am now changing the filter for the first time . Not because the water in dirty but because the filter pads are full of dirt . It is so easy to change them it literally takes 20 seconds . You can not go wrong with this filter .
 great filter does what it needs to do to keep my water in my turtle tank clear plus how it 's designed it 's nice and quiet . could n't ask for more in this kind of filter
 This is a nice , scenic addition to my turtle aquarium and has plenty of flow and filtration for my needs . The only thing , my baby sliders have a hard time climbing up the sheer face to get to the basking platform . It usually takes them several tries . You ca n't raise the water level past a certain point , so you have to provide a ramp or some other lower place to get out of the water . I bought the 12-pack filter kit to save money because believe me , they fill up quickly .
 At first I saw the box and thought this was TOO big - but it was packaged well and fit just fine in the 15 gallon tank - EXCEPT that sometimes the waterfall causes water to splash to the opposite side glass and it makes the glass streaky and foggy-oh well.I do n't feed my turtles in the tank and I wait for them to poop after I feed them so there is n't that much debris in my tank to begin with . That said , it still seems to keep the water crystal clear . But down at the bottom underneath the river rocks it is ineffective . It 's also very difficult for my hatchlings to climb - they just hang on to the side and soak up the light . I know they can do the climb sometimes b/c I 've seen them up there - but usually it 's too much . Overall - I might combine this with a under gravel filter downt the road but for now this looks and works just fine .
 It works great and my turtle loves it ! It is easy to use and setup!The gentle flowing water sound is very soothing for my sitting room , as well .
 This filter is so pretty !!! Also , it is so much more quiet than my old filter system . It takes seconds to put the pump together and put it inside the rock fixture . This device uses two medium size filters in it - and I usually have to clean my filters off about every 5 days . However , the filters will last about 2 weeks before you have to replace them . My turtles used to hide by this filter when I first got it , but they were never able to bask on it . I would suggest having a separate structure for them to bask on . Very glad I purchased this filter for my 40 gallon tank -LRB- only keep about 17 gallons in it -RRB- . The back on the rock structure has lines on it , showing you the minimum and maximum water levels that are allowed .
 Very happy with prices , Filter is working good & I recommend more people to buy . Anywere else you 'll pay three times as more . Thanks Amazon
 I was so excited when my husband called me and told me my filter arrived and was ready to rip into it as soon as he brought it home . I look at the box ... OMG It 's huge ! I 've got an approx 25 gallon tank and the box was almost as big as the tank ! Luckily it was just the good packaging . PHEW ! It was SO easy to set up . I rinsed everything down so we did n't have Styrofoam floating in the tank , that would n't be good , and cleared a way for this new filter . Set it in , place the pump and filters and top it off your done . SO easy . It took less than 10 minutes for me to set up . The turtles are loving that they can now have more water to swim in because it 's so much taller than the assortment of rocks I had placed for `` dry land '' It 's been going for about 20 minutes now and I can see stuff already getting sucked in from the water being churned up . Probably should have started off with a clean slate , but I just overhauled the tank and moved it back into my sons room . My fish seem to really stress about any major change and I do n't want to lose any body . Next filter change I 'll do a larger water change and get this started fresh . Will keep this updated when I get some results . = -RRB- UPDATE
 I have never had a turtle tank as clean as this one is now because of this filter ! It works great . No complaints . The turtle gets up there to dry off and seems to like it too .
 I got this for $ 20 at my local pet shop . I 've purchased about 6 different filters looking for the elusive one that actually works , and I 've wasted a LOT of money in the process . This is an amazing filter for the price ! I have 2 RES that are almost 5 years old , and they are filthy little buggers ! This is the first filtration system I 've found that actually cleans up after my little monsters . I do have to disassemble and scrub the motor portion of it about once a month because it does get slimed up , but this filter works well , work quietly , and was well worth the money !
 Keeps my 110 Gallon tank crystal clear . I am so glad that I purchased this filter ! It rocks ! Received it fast
 After I ordered this I planned to return it since I ended up buying the Viquarium . Since it costs about $ 10 to ship back and it 's $ 20 cheaper on amazon than the pet store I decided to keep it instead . It looks and performs very nice so I may use it as a secondary filter once my baby turtle gets an upgraded -LRB- bigger -RRB- tank .
 What a great product . Had it for months and no fail and cleans the tank very well . got it quickly also
 still working on the right media to keep two turtles clean , but this does n't get plugged up and it does n't splash water .
 I have this filter set-up in a 10-gallon aquarium housing one small RES . It took me all of five minutes to set-up . It keeps the water very clean , despite my turtle 's tendencies to be a bit messy . It is a bit large , so I 'll probably need to get a bigger tank when the turtle grows . At the moment he 's not really interested in climbing on it so I would n't say this is a good basking platform for turtles . It does have a nice waterfall feature and is relatively quiet , aside from the dripping sound of water due to the waterfall . Great filter for the price ! -LRB- FYI , the local Petco sells it for $ 40 ! -RRB-
 This is a nice looking and fairly well performing turtle filter system . Other reviews have covered the territory well , would only add that if you have limited access to the far corner of the terrarium where this thing will sit , that it can be difficult to slide the replacement filter pads in and out - especially if you have a cage screen/cover just above it as I do.But the main reason I feel the need to add a review is to correct another reviewer 's recommendation
 In comparison to some other filters I 've seen , this is very beautiful ! I love the waterfall feature which keeps the tank crystal clear , and the inside pump is surprisingly quiet . Unfortunately , my Red Eared Slider can not make the climb to the top . This is a very LARGE filter so you will need at least a 40 gallon tank . The pros outweigh the cons for me , so I just set up a separate basking area for my turtle.Update
 Okay , so this filter has made a whole world of difference for me and my turtles . I have two aquatic turtles and -LRB- due to misinformation -RRB- I was using a filter that was too small and was therefore having to clean my turtles ' tank every few days . It was awful . I chose to go with this filter and I have not regretted it at all ! Its totally worth the price , and its so so quiet which is great ! Best of all my turtles ' tank has been CRYSTAL CLEAR for the past two weeks with no signs of murking up any time soon ! For all those turtle owners out there looking for a can-do filter , this is definitely the one !
 I bought this for my husband 's 55g tank that he has a Chinese Water Dragon in . He wanted a waterfall and while looking I found this . We have a tub of water placed in the tank and it works great except the filters will get clogged with the substract that Spike throws in the tub and the water will stop flowing into the hole were the pump is . Cleaning the filters worked . It looks nice and is perfect for what we wanted . It has a nice spot on top he can lounge if he wants to . It works with just a few inches of water . I would recommend it to anyone . It was also a good price and bigger than we thought but works perfect in the corner of the tub . I have Hermit Crabs in a 29g but if I had a bigger tank I would buy another for a big pond for them to help with humidity .
 Just got this in the mail and it was everything we were hoping for ! Until we installed it ! Unfortunately With our 40 Breeder tank the side with the filter insert is just high enough for my girl to escape !!! so I sealed the hole with cardboard until I get some plastic . Another small problem I had with it was it has a maximum water limit that makes it too low for me to use my heater and a little low for my girl to swim -LRB- she 's big -RRB- so I propped it up on one of the 89 cent stepping stones from the hardware store and now it is perfect!It was also VERY easy to install ! It runs great compared to the side hanging fish filter we were using ! And it has a hum of the motor running but it is very quiet compared to the other filters we have used for her !
 The filter works great . It 's keeping the water clean and even my teeny turtles have started making the climb to the top . They are only 1.5 inches so I did n't think they 'd be able to do it . This is not their primary basking area , but nice for a little challenge and extra exercise . I suggest keeping the water level toward the maximum fill line in order to use as much surface area of the filter . When I had the water level toward the lower end the filter mucked up rather quickly , as dirty water was only passing through the lower half of the filter .
 This filter looks great when placed in a tank . I 've had it for 8 months and inside a 25 gallon tank with 4 turtles . The pump is strong , and when you place the lid on correctly the water is very quiet when it runs down the rocky exterior . It hold two filter in place inside but i manage to squeeze a third one just in case . My turtles love to climb around on it , but smaller younger turtles might have a hard time to climb this . My only complaint after using this is that the bottom area of the filter is loosing some coloration maybe due to the water cleaner i apply to the water in the tank , or maybe because of the turtle 's secretions . Either way its a very good filter . The water in the tank does have to be aleast 4 '' deep to properly work at the minimum .
 I bought this a few months back after getting a baby snapping turtle and this has been awesome . It looks really nice and natural and despite what someone else said on here my baby turtle does not have any issue climbing up on it . It does filter pretty well and with buying the replacement filters it makes it pretty easy to clean and replace I have never had the water get really nasty , although you do still need to clean out the gravel once a month . The only thing that would make this thing perfect would be to make it a little taller as it does n't leave the water very deep however I will probably put mine on something to make it higher and hopefully that will help .
 Good filter . Water stays cleaner , longer . Turtle loves to climb it . Would highly recommend it ! Had other filters and this is the best by far .
 I 've had turtles for over 10 + years and have n't has much luck with finding a filter that would work for my little stinkers until the Tetra Decorative Reptile Filter -LRB- up to 55 gallons -RRB- . This product along with a manual squeeze aqua pump and replacement filter cartridges have save me time and headache . The tank no longer smells and it stays visibly clean . Of course , I have to change or clean the -LRB- 2 -RRB- filter cartridges every two weeks , and clean out the bottom of the tank with the handheld pump once a month , but it 's worth it .
 This product shipped a week FASTER than advertised.Product keeps my water alot cleaner than without . It 's not silent , but not annoying either - I think the waterfall sound is quite soothing.My hatchlings LOVE climbing up this , and have alot of fun with it .
 The only negative I have for this filter is that you can not purchase replacement parts such as a new pump . I use two of these filters and have had one pump go bad which makes having to buy another filter the only way to fix it . I e-mailed the company twice and have never gotten a response which is a shame because otherwise it works quite well .
 We have 2 baby RES turtles and purchased this rock filter for them . It actually looks very nice in our 20 gallon long tank . It fits perfectly in the back corner and my turtles like climbing on the side and top of it . The pump is not loud at all and it makes a nice trickling sound . The only downside is that it is not a strong filter and pump . The water seems to get stagnant on the other side of my tank . I think that I will need to purchase another stronger water pump for the other side of the tank , when my turtles get bigger . But for now , it works great ! Very happy with this purchase .
 This fountain looks nice , has 2 filters to help keep the water super clean , and is affordable . It shipped quickly and arrived as expected . It runs very quietly and works well while providing a nice looking water feature for my critters to enjoy .
 Finally found a filter to keep the water clean and not cloudy ! Deinately a good buy . And the filters are cheap too
 Quiet , attractive , effective . I ordered two of these for my Red Ear Sliders , along with 4 extra packages of cartridges . They sound very nice and look great .
 awwwwh yeeeeeaa . this is a pretty sweet filter slash waterfall . works great and sounds quiet . cleans well . looks so cute with my chinese water dragon soaking up the heat it provides .
 Adds a nice decorative touch and can be used with or without the filter itself . The filter does a nice job to keep my tank of five baby turtles clean for a good few weeks.The only downside I would say is the limited amount of space this product allows . The water line limit is pretty low . I 'd like to fill it up higher , but if i did , you would n't be able to see the nice water fall . Wish the product was higher
 I love this for my turtle tank ... however my turtle does not climb on it but that 's ok because it keeps the tank very clean
 Bought this for my sons aquarium , he has 2 small turtles . Much better than a regular filter and the turtles love it !
 This product indicated up to 55 Gallons , but we did n't expect how big this really was . It 's a great product but not for a tank below 25 gallons .
 This is the first filter I have bought for my turtle aquarium . It does an outstanding job keeping the water clean . My turtle loves to climb up the side of it and rest on the top . Its quiet and makes a great decoration for the tank !
 I bought this filter and when i got it i was amazed how awesome it looked.my turtles liked it allot.it dont make allot of sound .
 I am only sorta pleased with this filter . It looks really cool in the corner of the tank but does n't do the greatest job at filtering . I was setting up a brand new tank so that 's why I bought it . It came with the initial 2 cartridge filters but , in my opinion , they were too full of carbon and plugged up VERY quickly to where I was rinsing them daily . I had bought the 12 pack refill for the filters so I changed them out and that helped immensely . When those filters plug up no water flows down the `` rocks '' and it makes a really annoying sound . My new tank is a 40 gallon breeder tank and I only have about 15 gallons of water in it . There is a line on the back of the unit that shows where the maximum water level can be and I keep my water level just below `` Max '' . In spite of 2 cartridges in this filter I still keep my other large Tetra filter in the tank for filtering . I just do n't feel that this unit does the job satisfactorily enough for 2 turtles to use it on its own .
 This is working as the only filter in a 55 gallon tank housing an adult Reeves turtle . It keeps the water clear and does a decent job or creating water flow for circulation . Changing the filters is easy and you do n't have to work to re-prime the pump after you power down , just plug the unit back in .
 My Sliders love this . And though the edges are somewhat steep , one of my turtles was able to climb to the top . The water has to be between 4 to 7 inches deep or so . It 's been filtering pretty good , but i 'm only on week three .
 My son has just begun the `` i need pets stage '' and turtles it is . We purchased a 10 gallon tank and bought this beautiful waterfall filter . The filter is rather big for a ten gallon tank but it looks so nice and the turtles love getting a shower under the falls.this is not your average water filter . This is more like a piece of furniture for your tank.The water stays clear so we know the filter is doing its job well .
 I got one of these quite a while ago for my dart frogs tank , I even put a little shelter on the top for them to hang out in.I think it works fine but I also use a external canister filter as a tannin filter system to get that yellow color out of the water that you can get when you have a land - water terrarium .
 The filter is very nice alot bigger then I thought . Need a better discription of what you are getting . I had to buy aleast a 15gal . tank to fit the filter.The filter is very nice and pretty . I also did n't know that it came with filters as the picture I seen did n't show anything but the filter.I am very happy with it thou .
 I bought Volkman Avian Science recently so my birds could try something new . So far they like it much better than their old food plus the price is reasonable .
 I was never able to get my parakeets to eat fresh fruits or veggies , they were just never interested no matter how hard I tried . Volkman bird food has dried vegetables and fruits in it and is the best value by pound . I 've gone to the pet store and seen top brands that only have processed `` vitamin pellets '' and they were $ 8 for a 2lb bag.I 'm incredibly happy that I found Volkman on Amazon because I 've only found one store in my area that sells it and it 's a 40 minute away from me . I 'm all for supporting local businesses but with gas as expensive as it is , it 's difficult justifying driving 40 minutes one way to buy bird food.I highly suggest any of Volkman Avian Science Super bird food blends because of their high quality and great value .
 This brand of bird seed -LRB- Volkman 's -RRB- was very palatable to my parakeets.It had a nice orange smell and they loved it.Noticed it was very nutritious , too .
 My two caiques dump over every crock , bowl and dish that I have for them . This crock is Un-Dumpable , and I am sold on this wonderful product .
 I used a much larger version of this for my old 55 gallon tank , and loved it . This smaller one works very well for my daughter 's 5 gallon tank .
 I use this size for my amazon 's primary food dish . He can reach the turn screw , but it is made so well , he can not get a good hold on it thereby he ca n't throw food on the floor by undoing his dish . Saved a lot of mess and clean up for me . He was quite amused trying to undo it , too , before he gave up -LRB- but that took him a few weeks of trying -RRB- . I have my others for years -LRB- my amazon is 25 years old -RRB- and they went through the dishwasher and my bird daily . They last for years ! I just got a few extra since we were going on vacation and I could measure his food out daily for my friend who was bird sitting . They are sturdy and well made . They know a parrot 's beak !
 My Toy Poodle is very rowdy . He has destroyed every toy I have given him . I purchased this at a local store and it is still in great shape after 2 months ! He loves to chew the bone alone , play tug of war with the rope , and play fetch with this toy . It is also very cute with the swirls .
 I purchased this toy for a Morkie I 'll be getting . Its the perfect size for a small toy puppy . My only complaint with this toy is that the description said it was blue and I recieved a pink one . Not a huge deal since the dog wont be able to tell the difference . But it would be nice if the discription matched what I thought I was purchasing . I hope my new puppy likes it.UPDATE 05/22/2012This toy has held up FANTASTIC !! My 4 month old Morkie loves to play with it !! I would recommend this toy for any small breed ... even the agressive chewers will do fine with this toy . I 'll try and post a pic of my puppy and this toy : -RRB-
 I bought this product for my yorkie when I first got her 6 years ago . It was her favorite toy then and still is to this day . She is very hard on toys and most do not last longer than a few minutes before she has torn them apart and destroyed them . Despite her reign of terror on toys this is the only one to have survived from her puppy years .
 I 've always been pleased with Kong products and this one is no exception . It 's a great chew toy for my energetic Golden Retriever puppy . As he gets older , I may need to buy a larger model , but this one works great right now .
 The puppies like to grab it and swing it then they try to play take away.It is holding up well
 My Siberian Husky puppy really likes this toy and generally is n't too keen on plastic toys , but the rope adds a nice durable fabric for her to play with . She plays tug of war with our older dog . One of them will hold the rope end and the other holds the plastic fake bone end and they seem to have a lot of enjoyment out of it .
 Our two puppy Yorkies love chewing on this toy , and it keeps them quite occupied ! highly recommended - good price too !
 Our puppy loves this toy a lot ! It is gets a lot of use and is great for teething ! Highly recommended !
 Puppy is in his chew phase so I picked this up . Seems to be one of his favorite go to 's . I hate to say it but sometimes when I am too tired to play I will stick this thing around his neck like a necklace and it entertains him for a long time trying to get it off/constantly reminded of it 's presence as opposed to say , my slippers . Also , tug of war is always fun and he 'll even fetch it and bring it back to me .
 My puppy likes chewing on every part of this toy , but I ca n't figure out how you would put any treats in it . If you figure it out please post a review and tell us all !
 This is great for playing like tug or war with my puppy . He loves it and when he is ready to play with it so we can do the tug of war thing he will come and place it at my feet and start nipping at me . It is a perfect size for him as well . I had another one and it was too big for us to play with so he just gnaws on that one from time to time .
 Great toy for our new little guy . Pup loves to play tug-o-war and this is a must when we put him in his crate at night . Might need another one if he keeps at it !
 I like this chew toy , but for some reason my pup only gives it four stars . He likes the rope and sometimes is attracted to the rubber bone , but I think it 's the least impressive of the Kong toys we have . I think , also , he would prefer that the familiar Kong rubber were stuffed with kibble and treats like his other Kong toys.Most useful for tugging than for solitary play .
 My Pomeranian loves these treats ... he eats one every morning ! They do smell a little , but that is probably why he loves to eat them . I 've ordered these many times and never had a problem with them being opened when they arrive .
 I have n't been able to find these in stores for a few years . It is my dog 's favorite treat . I am so glad that I can purchase them now .
 My girl has loved these for two years . When the local retail outlet , Trader Joes , no longer carried them-we found the manufacturer . This is one of the few treats Wilhi Girl enjoys .
 I love this particular mixture of Volkmann 's and have been feeding it to my small to medium sized birds for years . I have ordered this food for quite some time , and would recommend it to anyone with smaller birds , especially parrotlets .
 I feed this to my two young parrotlets in addition to nip-sized pellets , fruits and veggies . They absolutely love it !
 I would feel comfortable eating this myself ! Wide variety of seeds , veggies and even whole dried chili peppers ! Very satisfied with this specialty mix .
 My parrotlet loves this food although the bag arrived and had been cut and seeds were all over the box .
 This mix was just like the homemade mix I was buying , my parrotlet loved it . It came very fresh and quickly and lasted for a long time .
 Overall , this is great food . We used to get Kaytee Chunky , which my 8-month old parrotlet liked , but they stopped making it . We tried about four seed mixes that are in the pet stores and he did n't really like them , so I tried The Volkman Parrotlet food . I 'm pretty sure this is his favorite - I think he likes it even better than Kaytee Chunky . My parrotlet loves the safflower seeds - he used to pick through the old mix until those were all gone . I wish there were a few more sunflower seeds ; he loves those too , so I supplement with extra sunflower seeds . The dried peas and yellow pellet things are both too hard for him to bite into , so those always end up on the floor of his cage . The dried fruit/veggies are also a bit hard , I usually break them up into tiny pieces so that he can at least attempt to eat them . Since I also give him fresh fruits and veggies daily , I 'm not worried if he does n't eat the dry ones . He definitely likes this food better than any that are in the pet store now , and I highly recommend it . The only reason it does n't get a &#34; five-star &#34; is because the dried foods are so hard , and I have to add sunflower seeds .
 That is what my female Pacific Blue Parrotlet Cielo says when she gets a fresh serving in the morning . Really nice , clean , healthy blend . Right now she is in my desk draw where she has just layed an egg ... I know I can coax her out with her seed cup ... she really likes it ... phew !
 I have very picky dogs and they really like this product . It is also made in the U.S. which is a big draw for me . Most dog treats come from China and I find my little Shih Tzu becomming sick on those treats . I have no trouble with these .
 The weight of these treats reminded me of rice cakes , so I was a little surprised by that , nevertheless , my dogs really enjoyed these treats and I am ordering more .
 I did not realize these are 100 % beef lungs . That being said , they are made in the USA and the dogs seem to like them . There is little odor - so I like that . They are large pieces , but very light - similar to freeze-dried food items . Not sure if I will buy again , I just thought 100 % beef was something other than lungs .
 Ca n't say enough good about this product - the dogs really love it . I break it up in smaller pieces for reward training - they definitely consider it a &#34; high value &#34; food .
 My dog is picky and he loves these beef munchies . I 'm glad I found them and will buy these again
 my dogs love these-easy to break apart to tailor the size . they go to town eating these treats . this makes them very happy which makes my wife very happy which makes me ... life is good .
 Man , these things are huge and they smell great , smells so good , you might wan na eat it yourself . If you 've tried Plato chicken flavor , these smell almost the same . This is really good value for your money . The bag has at least 20 huge chunks , for small dogs , you 'll want to break them up into smaller pieces .
 Got the first package of these as a gift to the dogs , they loved them . Now , sometimes , it is the only thing my old dog will eat . As noted in another review , they are large , so if you have a small dog they might not be the ideal treat .
 With 7 dogs this is a constant favorite they always bark for ! So far they only go up to 5 woofs so that is the amount of stars this product gets ; -RRB- First I hold up the treat ... then the drool ... then the happy -LRB- I love you -RRB- tail wag ... then the smile on your face ! Worth every cent !
 My family has two Yorkies and a Chihuahua . They are not aggressive chewers so these are perfect treats . The quality and price are the best anywhere . I bought these twice from Amazon and will definitely buy again .
 My Goldendoodle LOVES these ! I am sooo glad I was able to find them on Amazon.com . They can be a bit expensive , but if you cut them up into smaller pieces they last a long time . Please do n't discontinue this item!Thanks , Harriet
 Both my dogs love these treats and they are spoiled by the high cost grocery store variety . These are labeled as beef lung and are mostly 3 '' square pieces . One warning , they have the undeniable stench of death . I use a ` chip clip ' to keep the bag sealed because otherwise the smell quickly becomes unbearable . I will be buying these again !
 My puppy go mad for this . He loves it and unlike Liver you do n't have to worry about the quantity . If you do n't know it is actually lungs .
 Our JRT tasted these for the first time today and LOVES them.I 'm pet-sitting for a neighbors largem , elderly dog.She absolutely loved them too.While I 'm not about to taste these things , they sure seem to make our dog and our neighbors dog happy . I 'm ordering more .
 my dog loves these and they are super healthy for dogs . He eats them quickly but an average chewer might make them last a bit , he 's a monster chewer . I put them in a kong toy and make him get it out . Much healthier than your average dog treat . Yes they are lungs , I 'm not eating it so it does n't creep me out . Also these are made in the US
 My dog is even getting picky on her treats she is so spoiled . She will no longer eat pupperoni or any treats along that line . She loves what we call chicken treats , the dried chicken jerky treats , but not much else . I found thes on a saver offer and eligible for free shipping so I gave them a try . She loves them.To give you an idea of similar taste preferences , she also likes Merrick Texas taffy but that is expensive and unfortunately not available for free shipping here .
 I have a dog that is allergic to everything , chicken , lamb you name it ! She can only eat beef and rice , hamburger and rice and for treats it 's pure and plain steak . If she gets any miscellaenous treats , food or biscuits , she will get the `` runs '' for a week ! I found these and the beef rolls and decided to give them a try ! She not only loves them , they do n't upset her stomach ! I order these regularly now and even give them as gifts to other people 's dogs !
 My two babies absolutely love these !! I recently bought tendons and trachea for them but my 17 years old boy was having hard time enjoying those . . so , I bought these lungs and he ca n't get enough of it !! It 's not hard and it 's not really chewy , the texture is fluffy like popcorn ! You can easily break them into small pieces , so they are great for big or small dogs . Would recommend for senior babies with hard time chewing treats . It 's got a bit of a smell but it disappear fairly quickly and does not stain the carpet . Will definitely buy more !!
 Now this SmokeHouse product my dogs ca n't get enough of . They would eat the entire bag in one sitting if they could . It is a very light , airy , crunchy treat ... I 'm not sure about how healthy they are for the dogs as the label does not give too much information detailing all the contents and how `` healthy '' they are for pets . They will make them thirsty because they are dry . No complaints on this product .
 I give my 30 lb sheltie about half a piece of lung every morning for her -LRB- first -RRB- breakfast . Breaking them up is kinda weird , the lungs tend to turn to powdery bits when I try to break them , so I guess I 'll just have to give her a whole piece of lung from now on , huh ? ^_^ The smell of these is similar to dried green tripe , quite stinky , but disappears once she 's eaten it . She * LOVES * the smell of the lungs , though I do n't , so I hurry up and give it to her and seal up my ziploc again before I smell it too much . With a light and airy crunch to these beef lungs -LRB- the sound of her eating these reminds me of munching on popcorn -RRB- , they are n't a replacement for rawhide , bones , or other similar long-lasting chews . It only takes my dog a few minutes to eat hers , but she 's a slow , lady-like eater , not a gulper . There 's a lot of lung for 1 lb , I filled 2 gallon-sized Ziplocs with the 1 lb , and they 're a great price . For what they are as treats , they 're a great natural product to give to your dog .
 I have a medium sized dog , and had given one to my 9 month old dog , and my husband wanted to know what new treat she got ... I said I do n't think she likes them because she did n't eat it ... WRONG ! She had eaten it so fast I did not know she had eaten it ... she absolutely LOVES THEM .
 Good product ! Made in USA . My dogs love it . Good product ! Made in USA . My dogs love it . Good product ! Made in USA . My dogs love it .
 When I leave the house I give my dog a couple treats , rawhide , filled kong , duck jerky etc. . When I give her these , she snatches them up first , above all other treats . This is beef lung , lightweight so you get a pretty good quantity of treats for the price .
 I have 2-4 yorkies living with me at anytime . They are really picky with food and treats -LRB- aka spoiled brats -RRB- . They really hate hard food and treats and its been frustrating getting them to eat dog bisquets or the like to help with the dental aspect of care . They tend to love the soft crap that is made to look appealing to us humans like little steaks , bacon , etc. . As you know those are crap . They are unhealthy for your pet and they are made with god only knows what . They actually like these treats . They are hard enough for little dogs to help with the oral care and since they are not made in china I personally trust them more . I 'm on my second order . this one pound bage has lasted 60 days at 1 treat per day for approx 3 dogs . Much cheaper than the chicken or duck strips -LRB- The USA made ones -RRB- which is about only other treats they like
 Although the smell is a bit overwhelming , it is worth it to know I am giving my dogs a healthy treat which they absolutely love .
 This is my finicky Basenji 's favorite treat over the Plato treats & certainly the California Natural biscuits . In the pet store , this product is priced at $ 17 - $ 20 per lb . I was very happy to get it for half that via Amazon.Although ... it 's still $ 8/lb . I realize that it would be cheaper to just buy a steak.Oh well .
 Another great product . I will order again soon . Outstanding service . Thanks and best regards , Lou
 Prompt service and item as advertised . `` Free '' shipping is `` built '' into the price since it can be found for less ... elsewhere ... But other than that ... no issues ... and all my guys , including the cats , love 'em ...
 My dog does love them , but they are lungs , it creeps me out . I was looking for an alternative to rawhide chews , this is n't it .
 I bought one of this in a local hardware store some time ago and I love it . I used it to spray deck cleaner and also home defense presticide . Works well and easy to use . Unfortunately I left it out in the rain one day and the spray does not operate any more . I search my local hardware store and they do n't carry this any more . So happy I found them in Amazon . I can just buy the spayer and reruse the tank .
 I love this particular mixture of Volkmann 's . This Parrotlet food is enjoyed by my parrotlets , and also by my conures , and even my quaker parrot .
 My Lab is a very picky eater . He turns his nose up at peanut butter , cheese , and deli meat . It took a year to find a food that he would eat with a little excitement . If food drops on the kitchen floor he will not touch it.A friend gave my dog one of these treats and he begged for more . I could not believe it . He would pass up filet mignon for these treats . I like them because they have one ingredient , chicken .
 My dogs love this treat and ca n't get enough . I have had to limit them to one a day as they will eat these and not their food . Very healthy treat and they even smell good .
 My dog loved this treat and it arrived very fresh . It seemed very healthy , I would recommend this product and purchase it again .
 my dogs -LRB- and any dogs I 've given strips to -RRB- love any kind of dried meat strips , and these are no exception . I 've found better priced deals , but they 'll never go to waste .
 My dog loves this treat !!! I taught my dog tricks using this treat and she learned the trick soooo fast !!!!
 I have three toy fox terriers and they a crazy over the Duck and Sweet Potato Treats . This product is Awesome !!! Your dogs will love them !! Smokehosue products are the best . I buy several different kinds of their Treats for my dogs . The Chicken Breast Strips are another favorite for my dogs . I do n't think there is one of Smokehouse Treats that my dogs do n't like .
 My dogs Love this product . The quality is higher than other brands as I 've tried most all of them . I guess this is why they are a bit more pricey also.Consistently a quality product . Just wait for super saver and free shipping-then it 's a perfect deal !
 My puppy loves these . She does not like the stron treats available at your local stores . She will chew these for hours . Will buy again .
 ca n't keep enough of these treats in the house . / / glad i discovered them and so is the dog
 My dogs love these . They break easily if you do n't wo n't to give them a whole one each time . The container can be used after to hold other treats or other things .
 Our dogs love these treats . If I would let them , they would eat the whole bag with no problem .
 my animals love this product and compared to local store prices it is a good value !
 My Italian Greyhounds and fosters love both of these products . The pig ears strips are nice for the smaller dog and is a good treat for the dog you are trying to keep trim because you do n't have to feed the entire ear . They love the chicken breast tenders too . The 8 month old puppy foster I took in yesterday worked on one while acclimating to it 's new temporary home . Great products , good company . I would prefer it not be made in CHINA . Big yuck there .
 Our dogs just love this product . It keeps them from chewing other items like furniture !
 My dogs love these and my smallest shar pei is a picky eater ; turns her nose up at most treats .
 My 2 1/2 year old dachshund loves these chicken tenders . We give them to him as a treat . He loves them and we like to give them to him because they are healthy . No added preservatives or anything artificial . Just chicken . Also a great price for such a big tub .
 This product is a very good purchase . The price is cheap vs all the other competitors and my dog loves them . . You ca n't go wrong . .
 My dogs -LRB- all 6 of them -RRB- absolutely LOVE these chicken strips ! It is a guaranteed treat for any dog . The only drawback is when you order from Amazon , they wait 5 days before considering shipping your ordered item . So when you see `` Free Shipping '' count on 10 days before receiving your item . The dogs did n't care as long as they got their chicken strips though ; -RRB-
 This product es excellent for my dogs . They -LRB- 2 -RRB- love it . I think that the flavor it 's the best af all , because you can put it together another and they allways prefer this . They love it .
 My shelties look forward to this treat ... It is very good for them ... low in fat , sized just right and again -- Made in the USA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 These are great for any dog . My poodle knows she will get one every evening but it is a little expensive to give to my larger dog but she loves them also .
 If you really want to give your dog a treat , get some of these.If my dogs had opposing thumbs I could get them to help me paint if I promised they could have a couple of these afterwards.Only disappointment is that this seller does not offer discounted shipping for multiple orders . 2 tubs ordered came in one box , and almost $ 20 in shipping ... will probably try and find a different seller for the next order , but will certainly buy this product again .
 WHENEVER I BUY THE SMOKEHOUSE CHICKEN BREAST , JAKE -LRB- BOXER/ROTTWEILER -- 127 # 'S -- 10 YRS YOUNG -RRB- HE SEEMS TO KNOW WHEN THEY ARRIVE AND WILL NOT SIT STILL UNTIL HE HAS HAD HIS FIRST TREAT . WE HAVE TO BE CAREFUL OR HE WILL EAT UNTIL THEY ARE ALL GONE .
 I have been giving these to my dog and he just loves them , they are low fat and high protein treats .
 My dog loves these , and they look good enough for me to want to eat .
 This product is a great treat for my dog who has diabetes and pancreatitis . As far as I can see it is a all natural product .
 My dog loves this treats . As a mater of fact , I 've yet to meet a dog that does not . We have several furry family members and chicken tenders are the treat of choice .
 The reveiw by Evelyn jumped to the conclusion that all chicken tender products from China are bad when in fact it was only one retailers private label that was recalled.I have used Smokehouse Chicken Tenders for years because of the low fat high protein snack that is great in the field.When I first heard of the isolated problem I contacted Smokehouse to see if I need to be concerned . They said they have always quarantined and tested all imported ingridents for quality and contamination and only release those that meet their high standards . My dogs will continue to enjoy this great product .
 I received the first container of Smokehouse treats for my lab , Willie as a gift from a friend . I searched and found I could purchase from Amazon . Willie loves these dog treats and I use them as a special treat .
 A very good product but , a little overpriced and I do n't recall if it came from China .
 I feel bad when leaving my pet so I usually give her a treat b4 I go out for the day . It would be nice if they made treats that lasted atleast an hour each so your pet is happy and so are you . this lasted about 1 minute , almost completely gone before I can even lock the door behind me . But she loves it .
 My cockatiel really likes this food . It has lots of different seeds and also a little surprise - a few little millet seed stalks and a cute little star mineral type thing . I check very carefully before I purchase bird seed to make sure it is a seed with a lot of variety and good for my birds . This one is and the price is right ! A note here , I know there is a lot said about the pellet type food nowadays instead of seed . I have tried it but my birds wo n't eat it . Seeds ca n't be too bad for them , I had a cockatiel raised on seeds that lived to be 34 years old . I have a parrot who is 35 now and eats mostly a seed diet . None have ever had to go to the vet and have been quite healthy .
 Volkman produces the best seed mixes for birds that I 've experienced , and Featherglow is my favorite . I couple this seed mix with natural colored Zupreem small parrot pellets and fresh produce for my lovebirds & cockatiel . Their feathers are strong , healthy , and brilliantly colored off of this diet . Their muscles are toned and their beaks and talons are in great shape . Diet is so important for the health of all creatures , but more so with birds since they are so hard to treat if/when they become ill . I would highly recommend any of the Volkman seed mixes as a part of any captive parrot 's diet .
 This is a sturdy , nice looking bin . This holds two 30 lb bags of cat food -LRB- small kibble makes for a tighter fit -RRB- , and most importantly , keeps the food safe from pests . The lid closes firmly , keeping out mice , and the rubber seal around the inside of the lid prevents ants and roaches from infesting the food as well . Though I might prefer that it have wheels or a flat lid -LRB- to make it stackable -RRB- , honestly , those are icing features . This is a good basic storage item that does the job it 's intended to do .
 Unique size that is smaller width/length , but is taller . Thus it is a better fit space-wise . All in relation to its big capacity .
 The bin is pretty sturdy and holds a 40lb bag of dog food , up to the very top . I have two of them .
 We bought this for our American Eskimo Dog because he eats too fast with a bowl sitting on the floor . He 'd just lay down and bury his face in his food . Now with this elevated feeder he has to take more time to eat . The raised water bowl also seems to help in that he does n't slop water all over everywhere now . The bowls are really cute and easy to clean by hand or in the dishwasher . It 's super easy to put together so do n't worry when you receive it and there are n't directions . So far the white finish has stayed nice even when water is dripped on it occasionally . Very nice quality and I 'd buy it again .
 I bought this elevated dog feeder for our 13-year old 20 lb . terrier who has arthritis and developed difficulty eating from her dishes on the floor . I had seen other products by the manufacturer in Petco and Petsmart , and thought their quality was good . This particular model has two stoneware bowls set into a wooden ` countertop ' that is removeable from the wooden base . Being able to remove the entire ` countertop ' instead of picking up slippery or water-filled bowls individually is a great feature that I had n't expected , but one that is very handy . It was very easy to assemble , and is easy to clean.There is no food-storage bin -- this is only available on the next two larger sizes -- but I do n't miss this feature and I would n't have used it anyway.And best of all , our terrier can eat and drink without stress and strain on her joints -- she 's very happy with her new elevated dishes , and that 's what matters most !
 I love this dog feeder and so does my dog . I bought it for my beagle/pug mix . It 's just a inch too short for her but works great . my cats also drink water from it no problem . easy to put together .
 Excellent , high quality seed mix that both my birds love . Filled with whole almonds , peanuts , and a variety of other bird treats , this food is one that even the pickiest bird will enjoy . Buy without hesitation !
 We use these as part of a supplement for our nursing mothers . We also use them as 1 time daily treat for all of our dogs . The instructions help with how much to give for different size dogs . We have used these for years and our vet is happy with the results and so are we . I would highly recommend these to any one with a puppy or a senior dog .
 I have an African Gray Parrot and I have to say that she loves the Jungle Talk `` Slide 'N Spin . '' She 's on her third one , now , and I just put it in her cage . How do I know she loves it ? She does n't pay much attention to other toys I give her , for one thing . But more telling is this
 My little maltese loves this bed ! She curls right up and lays her head on the fur wall . I love that the fleece is machine washable . I just wished the rest of the bed was also machine washable.Overall , a good value .
 I was very pleased with the quality of this pet bed for its price . I looked at many similarly priced pet beds in mass discount stores and the quality was not nearly as nice as this.I was nervous about purchasing a pet bed , because like most cats , ours have a mind of their own and often wo n't go to a bed intended for them , but prefer people furniture . This soft pet bed is so inviting that all 3 of our cats take turns sleeping in it almost daily . The brown/grey fur siding is higher than the fuzzy cream pillow and it looks elegant and non-instrusive on our family room floor . It shipped quickly and is a good value .
 I like my birds and the suet feeder is one of my favorite but the price of suet has gone up a good bit . I was looking online at one of my go-to bird supply websites and thought ` why not check Amazon ' to my surprise suet was like half to 3/4 the price of anywhere else . This was the cheapest but I decided to give it a try . I made sure to order 3 different types of suet to get the free shipping and was happy with all them . Happy to report the birds are going through it just as fast as the locally purchased blocks ! As long as you get the free shipping I highly recommend this !
 Birds love this suet and visit all day long -- woodpeckers especially . This is a great value for the price , which is competitive .
 All my birds love this suet . It does n't melt in the summertime , no matter how hot it gets . The price is lower than anything you will find in the stores .
 Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long . Aim for between 75 and 300 words.For video reviewsMake it fun ! Who says you ca n't be informative and entertaining?How about a little action ? If it makes sense , cut to the product in use as you describe your experiences with it .
 It is great , works great , good deal , great product , would recommend it to anyone that was looking for something simular .
 My Labrador loves braided chews . She 's very fond of these chews , and will beg me for the second one in the pack right after she 's finished the first .
 My black lab , Belle , loves the braided chews . These are a special treat for her when she has to spend a lot of time indoors due to inclement weather . Keeps her occuoied for a good amount of time . We only give her rawhide when we are there to supervise . Good product !
 If you are looking for a heavier pellet that floats this is it.Even on a windy day the pellets go where you want them to.Fish love them did n't have any problems with changing their food.Great deal .
 Though it took a few days longer to ship then I anticipated , the product is outstanding . My fish absolutely love the food and there seems to be less waste with this brand.Highly recommended .
 Quality Products . Cheap Price . Very much satisfied.Fish love it . They are waiting feeding time in the morning .
 As the title of my title indicates , my goldfish love this stuff and have been thriving on it for the last few months , no problems . Since the price is about a quarter of the name brand stuff , what 's not to love ?
 Great product and fish really enjoy . Fast shipping and friendly service.A great deal ... will buy again !
 My fish loved this food , Plus I save over half of what it would have cost , somewhere else . Thanks
 My 55 gallon tank and all my fish likes this food ! Thanks so much for fast shipped to me !
 Love these leashes . The handles are comfortable , the tape leash is much better that the cord , plus the colors are great .
 If my fish ate steak , these ` Tetra 77101 TetraMin Clean & Clearer Flakes ' would be filet mignon . The fish devour these flakes like zombies do brains !
 This is a better buy than the local pet store and Wally World . No difference at all except you do n't have to burn up gas to go get it .
 The fish love it . The only downside is there are a lot of non-flake crumbs/particles in the container other than that it is great tropic fish food . Does not cloud the water .
 My tetras love this food . I feed them twice a day , once in the morning and once at night and so far it has n't messed up their water . I recommend it to anyone who has tetras .
 I do n't know what much to say . . it 's fish food , the fish are ok , they seem healthy . I have a guppy farm . Seems to be prospering fine .
 He chews these up until there 's nothing left , and his teeth look great . So far , the only tooth care product I have found that he likes , and that isnt loaded with sugar .
 I have a Border Terrier with big teeth and a chewing passion . He will puncture a tennis ball in moments . He has had a small Planet Dog Orbee for several months and it is still intact . He can chew the continents off if he is given the chance but the planet remains intact . It is just the right size for him to carry around the park on a walk too .
 Excellent product that gives me just the results I want . The only improvement necessary would be to make to make it easier to adjust the amount of stimulation in the product .
 I tried this on my dog in the yard and watched to see if it really works . I ca n't believe it ... it does . Great quality and durable .
 Wow ! This collar was a great investment and provided the harmony we 've been yearning for in our backyard . We have a beautiful , intelligent , sweet Norwegian Elkhound pup -LRB- over 25 lbs -RRB- . But , she is also very independent . She has been a perfect addition for our family , except for chasing our chickens down and using them for chew toys . We 've read books , forums and blogs . We 've spoken with our vet and dog trainers . We 've put their suggestions to use , but to no avail . We 've even sprayed the hens with lime juice to make them unappealing . We 've tried every tactic short of tying a dead chicken around her neck as the farm forums suggested . YUCK ! The goal is not to have a dead chicken at all ! Though young , our Elkie is trained and obedient in many areas , but she would not listen in regard to the hens at all . And , they would just submit to her and take the abuse . This collar gave us peace with our dog and peace for the chickens . She now knows the chickens are off-limits and associates being in pursuit of them with discomfort . In her mind we are no longer involved , the chickens are just unpleasant - and that 's it . No more embarrassing outbursts of , `` NOOOOO ! '' and running across the yard . No more anxiety and frustration . We can now play , relax or work in the backyard and LOVE , love , love our dog every moment while the chickens roam in peace . The collar was effective on its lowest setting and helped us to accomplish within an hour and only 3 zaps what we 've been trying to do for weeks . And the range is perfect for backyard training .
 We use this with our hound mix who is 8 months old . I have 2 kids under 3 and while our dog is quite well behaved for a pound puppy who came to us not housebroken and did n't even know sit ! He is a puppy and nips , plays a little rough , and jumps up . This gives him a correction immediately that makes it clear to him we do not like his behavior . With two kids I ca n't be everywhere at all times . I can correct the dog from the next room with a press of the button and a firm `` no '' . He is already making big progress and responds remarkably better to my `` no '' even without the correction from the collar.A few notes
 I bought this as a replacement for the same model in which the rechargeable battery finally died after 8 years . So this time , I bought the battery operated collar . I did have problems with the initial synching of the remote to the collar and thought at first I had purchased a bad battery ... so I bought another battery , and still could n't get it to work . I thought at first I had received a dead product , so I called Innotek Customer Support . They were very helpful and knew right away what the problem was ... turns out there was a mfg defect in which the battery prong did not touch the battery correctly . All I had to do was bend the prong out a bit and it worked fine . The only thing that bugs me about Innotek is that they have shipped all of their mfg out to China -LRB- which explains the mfg defect -RRB- . The collar I purchased 8 years ago was made in the USA ! Had I known this beforehand , I may not have purchased .
 I bought this product because my 1 1/2 year old mixed lab/american bulldog was a nightmare to walk . She is 75 lbs . of solid muscle and can pull like a Mack Truck ! She 's very sweet and friendly but likes to pull , greet and play with all other dogs and attack fences that have barking dogs on the other side . I tried a gentle leader collar -LRB- all dogs seem to hate these collars -RRB- and it helped make her a bit more manageable . When I bought this training collar it was set level one . I programed it to have the warning sound followed be the corrective shock . First walk with the collar was the best we ever had !! One warning followed by a warning and level one shock and my Abbey was obeying all my verbal commands ! She still wants to pull but does n't . She still wants to attack the fences , but does n't ! She actually walks past barking dogs which never happened before . Our walks are so much more relaxed and Abbey does n't have to wear the gentle leader anymore . I could not be happier !! I must say , Abbey was familiar with shock collars from the containment system we have in our yard . This may have made the process easier for us . Good luck !
 It really does what it claims . The dog got the message within minutes . He stopped his aggressive behavior and was like a different and better behaved guy . This thing really works and I do n't have to keep correcting him . I can just show him the remote and he stopped his jumping up and his mouthing . Well worth the money
 I run with my dog every single morning with NO leash . Between this trainer and the Dog Whisperer 's techniques my dog is not a problem anymore . He says use a device that does n't hurt your dog and makes you feel in power . Well , this does it . My dog used to want to attack other dogs and pulled me when on the leash , but every morning we are running by other dogs/cats/people / smells you name it and he if he gets a little curious and does n't respond to my first verbal command then I push the button on remote while giving another and he is right back at my side running . It is terrific and it was well worth the money , IMO . You can change the degree of shock . My dog is mostly American Bulldog and the 3 does the trick all the time . Never have to really do more then that , but if I did the ` boost ' is always there .
 After 10 months of a dog barking , whining , etc I no longer could live like that . I put it on him and left the house . Did that few times after 3 shocks he stopped barking . Tomorrow will be the car . The family is more relaxed -LRB- husband and cats -RRB- Its peaceful to come home now !!! I love the different setting options -LRB- I have him on a level one with time delay warning tone . Hes now auto correcting himself before it comes to a shock . I feel if you 've gone other ways and it has n't solved your issue try this .
 This product has been nothing short of magic . I set the collar to give the tone before giving a shock , and took our independent 7 year old Akita mix to a large fenced enclosure . In fifteen minutes training he came reliably and immediately when called . I do n't believe he received a shock from my short button presses , only the tone . That was two months ago . Since then our off-leash walks in the woods have been a delight . No more embarassing shouting and I rarely use the button . It 's easy to switch the collar on and off by touching it with the remote . With my level of use , less than an hour a day , I do n't expect battery life to be a problem .
 I purchased this as a desparate measure to train an 8 month old Golden mix that we rescued to stop nipping at my two young children . She is still a puppy , but with two small kids , I did n't have the time to spend training her or the patience to tolerate it until she outgrew it . She was also digging a little and jumping on people . This changed all those behaviors almost instantly . I still use this , but not nearly as often as I did at first . Now I did have an issue with a somewhat defective remote . Seemed like the battery was n't connecting . But that was fixed by calling customer service . They sent a replacement . Do n't hesitate to buy this . It is not inhumane . In fact , I believe that it 's more humane than traditional training as there is no yelling involved or frustration for you or the dog .
 My dog , like every other dog , wants to be good ... They just do n't know what we want . Charlie gets excited . He 's not fixed and his hormones start raging and he starts getting crazy . We moved on to 3.5 acres and I wanted him to be able to enjoy it , but there was no way we were gon na put a fence up . Our neighbors have chickens and that is really exciting for him.The first day out with the remote trainer , we had quite an adventure . I initially changed the settings to have a tone , then correction and left it at level one . When we got near the chickens , he was n't responding , so I boosted it -LRB- takes it up 2 levels -RRB- still was n't enough , so I had to pop off the cover and increase it to level 4 . He eventually started responding . Then we got over by the other neighbor , who has a rottweiller . Once again , he was excited , someone to play with !! He got a lot of corrections at this point , he was n't listening . When he decided he was tired of the corrections we all walked home together . We hung out outside for a little -LRB- away from distractions -RRB- and all was good . After he had calmed down , the correction was set too high . So , I put it back down to one.After that first day , I 've only had to push the button once . It 's only been three days , but it 's remarkable . He goes in and out with me and listens like a hawk . If I say no , he stops immediately . I always give him a warning and say no a couple times before I push the button . Now , it only takes me saying no once to get a reaction . He gets excited to put the collar on , because he knows that means no leash.I have been turning it off to save battery life . I ca n't imagine the batteries running out very fast if I do n't push the button very often . This collar has made our new piece of land 100 times better , because now our buddy Charlie can enjoy it with us , with little hassle .
 NEW ! Innotek Basic Remote TrainerWe are very pleased with the results ; we used the lowest setting to begin with and is now in the mid-range after using it for a month . This collar is on a German Shepherd with thick hair around her neck . We are happy and our dog does n't mind it a bit when it is on and most of the time now when we put it on , we never have to use the `` control to zap '' .
 Before we purchased this collar for our 7 month old lab , she was constantly getting herself into trouble ! She was nipping at the kids , constantly chasing the cat , stealing food from the table and counter tops , chewing everything in site , going through the garbage , and she even ate our basement door and walls ! We were trying our best to remember that these are all common puppy stage problems and then eventually she would grow out of it , but I was getting really frustrated having to replace or repair things . It was beginning to be too much for me . Then I went online and read review after review about this collar . I almost did not buy it because of some of the reviews I had read about battery life and about the collar not working after a short period of time . After more than a month of use , I am so glad I did not listen to those reviewers ! The battery life is just fine . I have not changed the batteries yet . And one time the device did stop working . All I had to do was open it , pull out the battery , and it reset itself . And I have only had to do that once and I have had it for over a month . Our dog has stopped chewing walls , stopped digging through the garbage , stopped chasing the cat , stopped ALL nipping ... well you get the picture . We do n't even use the vibration/shock feature anymore . She just responds to the sound now . This product has saved me from regretting getting our puppy and a lot of headaches . She acts like the perfect dog now ! All it took was a few hours of her learning what the collar actions meant she had to stop what she was doing and that 's it . The sanity in my house is back and we love it ! Anyone who is doubting this product , DO N'T !
 This product is AWESOME ... When you really need it , it has a fully adjustable `` shock '' to remind the puppy that he/she needs to listen . Once you use that a couple times , the Beeps are all you need -LRB- no more shocking -RRB- . After about a week , I rarely use it . . She 's got listening down pat . still good to have when she 's a little over energized ... the beeps remind her of her training.Great product !! ... Now she stays away from the road !! All other `` tricks '' . . just use a reward system .
 I have had this Innotek Free Spirit unit for over 2 years and have had no problems at all . The batteries last long and I use it ever day . I obtained additional dog in January and adjusted the collar to fit him and the unit has worked just as well on the puppy . It is the best investment to train your dog . I recommend this unit to everyone .
 I felt this product is good for what it is . It get 's the dog 's attention in the mannor that is intented , and is a great aid to training . Batteries are not that expensive to replace , and it is not intended to have left on the dog for extended periods of time . So to save the battery life , you need to be in tune with your dog while you have the collar on the dog and turned on . Then you will find yourself replacing the batteries less often . Read the literature that comes with it , it is very useful before you begin training your dog with this collar system .
 We have been able to use the training collar to assist our dog with his anxiety based behavior problems and he is doing so much better .
 I had a remote trainer almost like this one for 12 years and used it on all the dogs until they knew what I meant when I said no . My grandaugther used it and broke it so I bought this one it words just as good as my old one . Love it would not be without it with our new dog .
 its the only way to train your dog , this is the second one I 've had in 25 years I love them .
 works good , had 2 others , , different , but , innotek , , only bad feature , , i cant find any place , , that works on them , when they break ,
 Item just as described ! Very easy to work , no complicated instructions . Dog now minds very well ! I highly reccomend this .
 used it on the lowest setting , and my dog did n't yelp or act like he was hurt ... only that there was something he did n't like ... great tool , only had to use for about 2 weeks and the behavior -LRB- jumping/nipping -RRB- was cured !
 We have a dog already trained to an electric fence so just using the tone has stopped her barking in the first week of use with the trainer . Instructions are clear on how to set the device and we 've had no problems , but then , we 've only had it a couple of weeks !
 In short , this collar saved the stray that showed up in our backyard from going to the humane society . We took her in and was a pretty good dog inside , but she would n't listen for ANYTHING outside . I bought this collar simply hoping I could train her to stay in our yard and not run around the neighborhood . It has done that , and so much more . She stays in our yard , does n't chase the neighbors dogs , does n't run up to strangers walking down the street , and when she 's unsure of the situation , she will look to me for direction before running after it . I could n't ask for anything more . It only took one outside session for her to realize she had no choice but to listen.The battery life is excellent . We 've had this about 2 months and have n't had to change it yet . We do take her collar off when we come inside and turn it off , so it 's not on all the time . The range seems OK to me , we do n't have a large yard so I have n't had a problem with that yet.The one thing I wish was different
 I was really impressed with this dog collar . For the money this is a great product . I would give it 5 stars but , I find that the batteries do n't last more than a couple of weeks .
 Product works great on my German Shephard dog . However , do not buy the batteries that are suggested to be bought on the site . These batteries do not fit the item !!!! Amazon 's customer service is amazing as usual and they were prompt to handle my concerns .
 I bought this trainer to teach my 2 year old German Shepherd not to snap @ the basketball when my kids were playing . After only two sessions , he now refuses to enter the court while the ball is in play . It worked wonderfully ! The only thing I would change , would be to add the ability to turn the unit off from the remote , thus allowing me to not have to tip the dog that it is now off by removing the collar to un-sync .
 This product has helped immensely in the training of our energetic springer spaniel . We keep it on the lowest setting and have had great results with him not doing any of the bad habits that all other training techniques failed to take care of . The only issue is the range in my opinion . I have n't had much luck with the collar responding when the dog is more than 15-20 feet away , but for around the house where we intended to use it , I have had no issues .
 My Boxer had 9 puppies so I knew I had to find something large and sturdy . Boy did this saucer deliver ! They LOVE it ! It 's perfect , especially for a large litter . It proportions the food nicely so that all the puppies get equal amounts . Great product !
 I have 3 dogs that are all different breeds . This shampoo is amazing . It 's deep cleaning , none drying and fleas are repelled by the smell . Fabulous ! You do n't need to use much and it lathers up really well . 5 stars !
 Cleans and make dogs smell great until they roll in the dirt again . Works well on the Florida fleas , they do n't care for it at all .
 this is the best shampoo it smells great and also leaves my dogs coat silky soft and shiney I 've been using it for about a year now my dog is a mix between yorkie and min pin some spots in his coat were more wirey and shorter then others but since using this along with the the conditioner his hair has all grown in the texture as if he was 100 % yorkie ... . I love it !
 Rufus was scratching and chewing and was making himself and his us miserable . One bath and there was less itching.Two baths and it stopped . Great product !
 Leaves the dog 's coat very shiney and soft , easily rinsed out . I will definitely order this again , but it lasts a long time !
 Best dog shampoo I 've ever used . Especially if your pet has very dry skin . Took my dog to Florida for the winter and I thought she was going to scratch herself to death before I bought this ! Amazing product . I bought another one when I went home .
 I have been using John Paul pet shampoo for my doggies for a long time . I have used tea tree oil , bright and oatmeal . I like tea tree oil because is gentle enough for my doggies sensitive skin and it works well for flea control .
 I recently purchased this shampoo in a special set along with the oatmeal conditioning rinse , ear wipes , and paw wipes . The shampoo is phenomenal ! It smells wonderful and seems to repel and kill fleas -LRB- at least while I was washing the dog , the fleas we dying -RRB- . It lathers up very well , even on my wiry , short-haired mutt who usually requires handfuls of shampoo to get any lather.My vet recommended using an oatmeal shampoo only , due to my dog 's sensitive skin , but with flea issues this time of year , that 's just not an option . This helps to get rid of the fleas without appearing to irritate her skin . The oatmeal conditioning rinse is okay , I would n't purchase it separately but it does leave a nice scent on the dogs . I 'm looking forward to purchasing more of this shampoo soon !
 This stuff is great . My usual store did n't have any in stock at the time and my sheltie was in need of a wash so Amazon came through and sold the tea tree shampoo and oatmeal conditioner . I think it 's a great combo . They do the job very well . I recommend it for shelties and long haired dogs .
 You ca n't beat this . It 's the safests way to give a long lasting treat . Better than chews that can be chemically treated , or your dog can choke on . Also good for teeth . The ways to stuff them are endless . Great for dogs on diets . We stuff with peices of low fat cheese , organic peanut butter ... sometimes just put a peice of their favorite dog cookie in it . You can even put meat in and freeze it . They wash up great in the dishwasher too !
 This is a good product but not for chow hounds . If your dog is a ferocious eater , opt for the regular nylabones and not the edible ones .
 Coralife makes good products . The bulb lasts for the normal lifetime and meets the advertised results . Should n't have any problems with this replacement bulb .
 Needed to upgrade from a 55 gallon to a 125 gallon and this heater is perfect . It keeps the water at a good temperature and was very easy to set up .
 Bought this for my 70 gallon garden pool after my first purchase quickly failed . Works like a charm . Maintains the pool at an comfortable temp for my guppies and swordtails . This size heater can not keep the temp at 80 during cold nights -LRB- 30 's and 40 's -RRB- but it does keep the temps in a comfortable and liveable range , e.g. , 65 at night or better and 75 or 80 during the day .
 I 'm using it on a 200 gallon tank in a garage that gets down in the 50 's and 60 's at night . Does a great job . Tank is at a steady 80 degrees .
 One year ago , I purchased a dozen of these heaters to heat a dozen 300 gallon feed-trough-type tanks that my company needs to keep at exactly 73 degrees for scientific curing of materials . The room temperature these tanks are in is usually between 55 and 65 degrees . We have had these heaters in continual use since purchasing . They have kept the tanks at 73 degrees without variation . I am sure of this , because we are required to have calibrated recording thermometers in the tanks at all times . Also , we keep the water in these tanks at a pH of 12 , which is quite a harsh environment , and these thermometers have held up without any problems at all .
 This is great little heater for my fish pond on the side of my house . I set it for 71 degrees to keep the tropical fish alive for winter in AZ. . Thank you ...
 Got this 500w heater a little over 2 years now , I wanted to wait a while before I submit my review . First of all may I say ; `` this is one of the best heaters I have ever used ... '' Would of paid twice the price and still be worth it . I 'm a big fan of Eheim Jager but decided to give catalina titanium a try . It heated up my 270gal tank @ 81 * for over two years now , with no complains what so ever . Tucked it under my sump and forgot about it . It made it through 7 power outages , few earthquakes and water change once a week . It is still up , running and going strong . I highly recommend this brand to all whos looking for a great heater . I just place an order for their new line that has a separate controller , looking forward in seeing how that one works .
 This was a total surprise in how accurate it is . Only wish they had an 800watt for my 180 reef . But do use it with another heater . The other heater only goes on if for some reason the temp drops over a degree which has not happened yet.A + + + + + + + + + + + + Can you say bargain ...
 We use this heater in a 130 gallon pond for 2 turtles . So far we have been very happy with it - it keeps the water at 77-80 degrees throughout the day & night .
 I finally found a heater that can actually heat my 120 gallon reef tank . It has a sleek design and I love the fact that you can adjust the temperature from the AC Box instead of being on the actual heater . There is a temp dial on the AC Box . The only negative is the heater turns off befroe it reaches the desired temp , so I set the heater higher than I actually want the water temperature . It falls 3 degrees below the desired temp . I just set the temp on the dial 3 degrees higher than I want and it works perfectly . It is small and does an awesome job of heating the water . This is the best heater I have ever owned . !!
 I 'm using this heater for at least one year , without any problem , it works fine , even in hard conditions , I 've ordered another for the same purposes.I give it 5 points
 I have two that are a year and a half old . Acutally using 580 W on my killoWatt .
 The heater is great for the price . The company had it to my door in 2 days from my order . I will buy from this company again . thanks pete mauro
 I got this to heat water for full immersion baptisms . I have also used it for my soaking tub . It will get/keep water up to about 96/98 degrees . I like that it does n't break when it 's on out of water .
 This heater is worth every penny . No guesswork is involved . You set the dial and it replicates it on your thermometer with perfection . My only caution is that this thing runs HOT !!! Bubbles actually form on the heating element almost instantly when it operates . It is great for bumping the temp up quicky . Comparing this unit to my old 300 watt glass submersible heater , this heater 's pilot light is on a fraction of the amount of time and it keeps a more stable environment . All good things , but I would NOT put this into a display where livestock could get near it ! If you have a sump or plumbing that does not necessitate your heater being in the main display I highly recommend this product . -LRB- Currently using this 500 watt heater to heat a 55 gallon marine display . Room temp regularly drops to 60 degrees F as I turn the heat down at night and when I am not at home . Heater has maintained 78 degrees F in this environment so well that my digital thermometer has never shown 77 or 79 ! I plan to use this unit to heat a 125 gallon tank in the future . -RRB-
 I purchased this heater because I was setting up a 90 gallon aquarium . It is very thin and compact . Easy to conceal in plant growth.Just set it and forget it !
 Works great , no problems so far . Enjoy being able to adjust the heater without getting my hands wet .
 I built my first Aquaponic project using an outside 300 gallon tote . I am raising Talapia and sinceI live in southwest Florida , I was n't too concerned about `` heating '' the water . Then I learnedthat the water temperature had to be above 80 degrees before Talapia will breed . It wasNovember and our overnight temperatures can drop to mid 40 's . So I ordered the heating unit.It does a GREAT job ! Even with December overnight temperatures in the mid 50 's that heatermaintained 80 degrees in my tank . I am very happy with the unit . My only suggestion would be , if you live in a colder climate and your tank is outside and it has more than 250 gallons of water , you should buy TWO Heating units ... . otherwise , the heater does a very credible job of keepingthe water temperature where I want it ... I recommend this product .
 Working well so far ! It has been 6 weeks since I had to replace a Jalli 800 watt -LRB- 2 bad heaters and 1 bad controller from them already ! -RRB- with this model . Aquarium temperature has been a constant 80 in my 140 gallon tank .
 This is a great heater and amazon has it for a very good price . I am using it for my 90 gal tank and it brings the temp up quickly .
 I am using this product to heat an outside covered pond -LRB- 145 gallon -RRB- . There was not enough aquarium space inside for all of my tropical fish this winter . I am using 2 200w heaters and this heater . The temp in the pond is now a stable 69 degrees in winter . The snow even melts from the plastic cover after a few hours ! An awesome product .
 The heater warm up the tank very fast ... and stabled ... Good for the price , and work great.I would recommends anyone to buy it . I am going to get 2 more for my other tanks . : -RRB-
 Worked well to heat my 250gallon tank , but one of the two i bought barely lasted a year before it started leaking electricity into the water . I 'm buying another one as it did do its job when it did work , and hoping it lasts a couple years this time .
 Controls are slightly cheap looking . But work fine so far . As long as this lasts , I will buy another one the next time I am in need of a heater .
 Bought this collar 2.5 years ago for an 8 month old large dog -LRB- grew to be 97 pounds -RRB- . It has worked great and held up until now despite heavy use , repeated swims , mud and snow . Collar unit is rechargable and holds it for up to three days if not activated much . Hand held unit uses two 28A batteries that lasted a long time when the unit was new . They did n't last as long as the unit aged but we beat the hell out of it . The hand held finally gave it up today and I 'm buying a second one . My dog has very thick neck fur so I had to install the longer electrodes on the collar and put in on tight to make connection with skin . I did n't have to resort to shaving his neck as you do with some furry breeds . Tip
 I read the reviews about these collars . I know there was a few people complaining that the battery life is poor . Honestly , I bought this thing like 2 months ago and have n't charged it once . Granted , I am a casual user . I really do n't use it for my dog unless we go out , or are in and out alot during the day.Just make sure you are n't buying for the wrong reasons . This is a supplement to your current training regimen . This collar still requires training to be used properly . There 's a dvd included and I would suggest looking at it because even though i 'm an experienced dog handler , I still learned a couple of good ideas!As far as range and quality of the product , I have no issues whatsoever . They suggest you trim the area around the probes too . Do that , or manually move the hair away from the probes after your dog has shaken around a bit . I have a husky with a thick neck and I use level 4/7 . Good luck !
 This is the third e-collar I have bought for our doberman , and the one we will keep . I tried the innotek ultra smart , the petsafe deluxe for big dogs and now the advanced 300 . The ultra smart collar was feature rich and of good quality , but I had problems with the thick plastic collar being difficult to put on . It also had poor fit I think due to its inflexibility . I didnt give this collar a chance , maybe with a little more fiddling it might of worked.The petsafe deluxe was just a piece of junk . The collar had a snap buckle which was nice but it was super cheaply made and had a wire integrated into the collar strap . Also the remote had buttons that would OCASIONALY STICK DOWN ! We zapped our dog twice like this!The digital 300 is everything a good collar should be
 Great for correcting problems like jumping on people , chewing on things he should n't or jerking the leash from your hand and darting off.Not any good for training the basic commands.This unit has saved us from his escape attempt at the park after he jerked the leash from my hand , one press of the button and he laid down still until I got to him to pick up the leash . It stopped his jumping on people almost instantly . It has held up to his duck chasing swims in the lake -LRB- so far -RRB- . Down side to this unit or those like it -LRB- shock collars -RRB- , is that he seems to interpret all commands as `` lay '' . He already knew the commands -LRB- sit , no , down , etc -RRB- . Our problem was that we had to repeat the command a couple of times before he would give in and obey . If we use this collar , even on a low setting , he immediately lays on his belly regardless of the command . We actually had to reteach -LRB- without the collar -RRB- the commands . We still use the collar if we are expecting guests or are taking him out for a walk at the park , however , we do not use it at all for training commands.I would buy this again for those times he does act up and try to dart off or thinks we are n't looking and tries to chew something other than his chew toys .
 The collar is great ! I absolutely love it ! The rechargeable feature is so convenient and it took about 2 weeks of full usage before it needed charging . I have gotten great response from my dog . The collar has 7 settings , and I rarely go above 2 ! Great great product , especially for distance , off leash training!K . Maynard
 We have used the more expensive collars , and it is fairly comparable.May not have the `` extras '' that the more expensive ones have , but not really needed for one dog , and enough extras to suit your needs . Works well for my akita .
 This is the second time i am purchasing this item i have four dogs 3 are boxers . My first boxer got into the habbit of playing tag with me right before i go to work in the morning . I used it for one week and i never had to put it on him again i have two more and when they get bigger i will use it to train them . It is safe you can shock yourself on the hand and see that its just uncomfortable not hazzard .
 I bought this for my Beagle/Brittney mix . She was forever following her nose and not coming when called . After some time with the collar her listening skills have inproved greatly . Most of the time now I only have to use the tone function to get her attention . This was well worth the money and would recommend it to anyone .
 We have two 80 lb . dogs and bought two Innotek Adv-300 units in 2004 -- so we 've had these for approximately 5 years and love them . The great features are
 Although I 've had limited time to use it , the instructions are easy , the concept understandable and the customer support apparently helpful . I 've trained dogs many times and this is the first I 've used such a device - for a rescued Border Collie - and only to assist with her OCD nature . As a rescued dog that had been mistreated I was cognizant of increasing her fears if this did n't work . She 's been very responsive .
 for the 1000 yard collar !! had mine for around 6 years now . used for the few months on first dog then stored it , to my surprise over 5 years later i plugged in the rechargeable collar and put in some fresh batteries in the transmitter and it still worked!both my dogs come when called and stay in my yard . no yelling or worries . never had a problem so i do n't know about service , the only thing that has broke is the plastic around the antenna . it cracked near the base but it was just the cover that came off -LRB- do n't pull it from your pocket by the antenna !! -RRB- i duct taped it and its fine . thank god for duct tape !!
 We borrowed a friend 's collar , tried it and it worked very well . The benefits were immediate . We recently bought our own and our dog has been trained not to chase after cars in the street . She only has to hear the audible to stop in her tracks and return to us . The product works/performs very well and is easy use .
 Is the gray rubber plug necessary for the waterpoofing of the dog collar or is it just to keep dirt , etc. from entering . These are always lost in the woods or streams especially when the dog scratches herself . If they are necessary where can one buy these ?
 I was having lots of bug problems in my large array of dog food , dog treats , and assorted bird food . These canisters are just the thing , and now everything is bug free . The stacking ones are especially convenient . I tried them all , and found that if you get the 60 lb stacking bins , you can easily squeeze in a 20-25ish pound bag of dog food or bird seed still in the bag . I find that much more convenient than dumping the contents into the bin . If you get the 40 lb bin , however , the opening is smaller , and is lots more work . They work great for stinky things like smoked knuckle bones , and other aromatic things dogs seem to love . I am in the process of ordering more , so thought I would write a review.I also tried the soft container , which worked great for traveling . Again , I put the whole bag into it , and was very happy . Never any mess to clean up inside the container . -LRB- This is very important to me , since I do not clean up messes in a very `` timely '' manner . -RRB-
 We have a dog and we have a cat , we buy them dry food , and store the food in the hall closet -- We invested in these vaults and they are fantastic , the food stays so fresh , they are easy to store , to fill and to access the food . if you have pet food that you buy in bulk -LRB- we get 40lb bags for our dog at CostCo -RRB- this is the way to go !! High quality construction , and the angled top makes use a breeze ! we have a small one for the cat food too .
 This is great storage for our chicken feed and cat feed . We have only 6 chickens but this convenient storage is great for `` scratch and seeds '' and also for our cat 's food . They are durable and stackable a great space saver too .
 We purchased 2 of the stackable `` Vittles Vault 's '' since our 2 dogs eat different dry foods . These containers are far superior to anything else we have tried ... not only do they seal tight and keep odors in -LRB- and pests out -RRB- but the tilt front design makes it easy to reach the dry food . The stacking feature means that both can be put in one side of our pantry cupboard , leaving plenty of floor space for other items . All in all , well worth the price !
 The company falsly states the weight of it 's product at 30 pounds . It weighs approximatly 10 pounds or less . I had to pay a shipping fee of about $ 22 because of the inaccurate weight .
 Perfect for the party - impressive packaging - arrived on time - enjoyed by all of the dogs - recommend for any dog party !
 This product works well for why I bought it -- which is NOT a veterinary and thus intended use . I will replace or cover the pads with a softer , more forgiving material . As it is , it 's fairly painful on the teeth but absolutely keeps the mouth open.It 's also quite sturdy .
 We bought this cage for our baby Chameleons - easy to assemble - sturdy and exactly what we needed ... we will be purchasing the Zilla brand again !
 great easy to set up cage is nice to look at in my living room blends in all you see is the inside the cage blends in can see reptile so easy
 I put it in the bottom of the trash can in the kitchen , which is by the entrance to the kitchen , and I no longer have to worry about a destroyed trash can or a counter-surfing dog stealing dinner . I can also let our older dog free feed without our younger dog eating it all by feeding the older one inside the range of the barrier -LRB- she does n't have a collar -RRB- . I do worry about the collar malfunctioning , so I wrap it around our dog 's collar with the prongs facing out . The sound of the beep is enough to keep her out and I do n't have to worry about it malfunctioning when she goes out in the rain or something and shocking her unnecessarily .
 This product is used on a cat that would not stay off of kitchen cabinets . It deters cat from entering kitchen . The barrier is easy to move and was used under Christmas tree to keep cat out of tree during the holidays . Highly recommend . Pet learns very quickly and when warning beep sounds knows to go no further .
 Awesome product . We have a very smart self serving collie who always managed to get on our sofas . Be sure the contacts actually contact your dogs skin . -LRB- difficult with a collie -RRB- . Even if you have to cut back some fur it 's worth it . Instant behavior modification : -RRB-
 I bought this as another unit the place in the house . This is great for small dog barrier control.Only wish there was something for barking control
 great product . worked on my cat . would recommend to anyone in need of something to control cats from getting on things they shouldnt .
 Only thing that works for our cat . Keeps him off of tables , counter tops , rooms , works great with children who keep doors open , just place next to door and the cat does n't get out .
 I bought this system at a pet depot . It came with 1 station and 1 collar . Because I have a dog that does n't know her boundaries I had to purchase 3 extra stations . This product works . I now turn her collar on backwards to where the prongs are reversed not touching her neck so at Least it will beep to remind her to stay off my stuff . Just having the collar on reminds her she will get bit if she gets on my couches and beds . Great product !
 This is the 3rd one we 've ordered ! We have them is different parts of the house , and they work like Magic ! We have a 9 month old puppy who was getting into Everything ! With this product , she does n't even look at the cat food any more , she just walks past it ! I Highly recommend it !
 Seems to work but in short distances . My pet does get a shock and never go back to the same spot again .
 The zones work great , within the limits listed below.Good Points1 . Has a A , B , and AB setting which lets you control individual dog access to areas or objects -LRB- such as separate food bowls for special diets , rooms , etc -RRB- 2 . The shock is mild but definitely uncomfortable -LRB- I tested it on me before I used it on the dogs -RRB- . It is milder than the strong static shocks I regularly get around the house .3 . The dogs quickly learn to avoid things that cause shocks.Limits1 . Collar wear is recommended to be limited to 12 hours due to rubbing by the stud on the neck . This can be a problem with intelligent dog and schedules requiring longer wear times . Intelligent dogs can quickly learn that the collar is the source of the shock and can wait until they are not wearing it to get into the forbidden .2 . The range increments listed -LRB- 2-12 ft -RRB- are not dependable . I find mine , with direct line of sight , is half that or less .3 . The six available range settings are not enough . There are times that 1 or 2 ft increment is too much .4 . Area of affect is spherical . Keep this in mind when deciding where to use them . Depending on the range setting , just walking by the counter or under the table can set them off even if all you intended was to discourage Fluffy 's nose from appearing on the counter/table top . The only way to alleviate this is to find some way to dangle the zone from the ceiling to correctly limit the reaction area to those 3 ft off the floor .
 If you own an obnoxious young Siamese cat like I do , you understand the frustration of demolished house plants , tracked-all-over counter tops , and strewn trash . But not anymore ! To my great suprise , cats shock-collar train really well : DThis device is really easy to use , though you wo n't be convinced after the first day . You DO have to make some adjustments to the system before it starts working the way it was designed to -LRB- zapping mr. kitty so he learns to not be into stuff ! -RRB- Some little pointers you need to know when setting up your system .1 -RRB- Placement of the trasmitter -LRB- the fire alarm looking thing -RRB-
 These zones are a terrific investment . Our dog is very intelligent , so my wife and I devised a plan . I always put the collar on before we take the dog outside . He gets so excited that he associates the collar with going outside and never puts 2 and 2 together . He has figured out that the source of the shock emanates from the zone though.Even so , he does n't mess with them . After numerous episodes of his destructive shenanigans and many failed attempts at containment , this finally did the trick !!
 We purchased the disc as an add-on to the Innotek contain n train system . While it took some time to get our 2 dogs conditioned to the underground fence and the remote trainer , the disc worked right out of the box ... Within a day , both dogs avoided the area and after less than a month , both dogs seemed to respect the zone whether they had their collars on or not . We 've had one disc for around 3 months and just ordered a second one for another area of the house because we love how well the zones work .
 This thing is awesome . I could use at least 2 more!I have the Ultrasmart fencing system and bought the disk as an add on . it works with the same rechargeable collars that the fence uses and allows me to keep my 3 rowdy mutts out of our game room without the burden of installing a gate.I 've seen negative reviews on this system and the only reason I can think of for this is because they do n't realize it is an EXTRA zone disk , you have to have a system with a compatible innotek collar or its just a piece of plastic .
 We have a Wiemaraner and a Rhodesian Ridgeback -LRB- about 80 lbs . each -RRB- . When they start playing and get excited , they can be a real handful and out of control . We have the contain and train outdoor fence -LRB- which is so awesome , they do n't even try to escape it -RRB- and decided to add a zone . We use ours in our stairway to keep them from chasing each other up and down the stairs . It 's perfect . We were able to completely remove the baby gate . And they wo n't even step on the first step until they 're told it 's ok . The Innotek products we have are the best investments we could have made for the dogs ' safety and our sanity .
 This zones containment system saved our Jack Russell from the pound ! Our beloved pooch would dash out the door and off into the woods in a flash any time the door or one of our yard gates was opened . We simply put a zone unit at each gate -LRB- inside a heavy duty zip bag -RRB- and one at our front door . She has not escaped since and wo n't even go near the exits to our home or yard . We could not be more pleased .
 I bought this product when my Brittany developed a bad habit of sneaking upstairs to do his business . The first time he wore the collar it beeped and then shocked him and he never got past the beep again . My only wish is that they would put a velcro closure on the collar for easier on/off when letting the dog in and out of the house .
 We purchased our first zone and collar a few months ago and have added 3 more zones since . I do n't know what we would do without them.We have had two cats for several years and added a dog to the family about 5 months ago . Needless to say , trying to get dogs and cats living together was quite the adventure . We initially started by putting up gates to keep the dog separated from the cats . The cats got the upstairs and the dog got the downstairs for obvious reasons -LRB- needs to go outside via a first floor door -RRB- . But we knew we could n't live in this situation forever and we definitely wanted the animals to get along and live together . However , as soon as we took down the gates , the problems began . First , our dog LOVES cat poo . So he was constantly getting into the litter box . Second , he LOVES the cat food . So he 'd end up eating most of their food . Plus , there was no safety zone for the cats . He could chase them all over the house and they could n't get away from him . The dog is a small beagle and our two cats are fairly large . In fact , the dog is only a few pounds larger than the cats . So there was no way to make a `` cat door '' that only the cats could fit through . It was quite the dilemma and very frustrating.Let me first say that we were very much against electric shock methods . However , other methods were n't working and after reading reviews on this product as well as others , we felt that this was the best solution . Concerned about using electric shock , I tested it on my hand first to ensure it was n't too much . It is definitely a good jolt , but nothing excessive . I would n't describe it as painful , but very uncomfortable . . something you want to get away from.We started by placing the zone near the entrance of a room where we put all of the cat stuff -LRB- litter , food , water -RRB- . At first , it did n't seem to be working . The collar emits a beep when it applies a shock . It would beep and our dog acted as if there was nothing happening . He just looked at us like , `` what 's that beeping ? '' The problem is that the instructions say to allow enough space for your fingers between the probe and the skin of your dog . Well , this proves to be too loose and does n't apply a shock . So I tightened it a bit more ; just enough to ensure it touched the skin , but was n't bothering/irritating the dog . This did the trick . He started walking into the room , got shocked , let out a scared little confused yelp , and backed away . HE HAS NOT COME CLOSE TO ENTERING THAT ROOM SINCE . One shock and he has learned not to go in there.Since then , we have purchased additional zones and returned the food and litter back to their normal spots . We have a zone near the litter to keep him from eating the poo . A zone near the cat food/water to keep him away from that . A zone remains in the original room so the cats have a safe place to go . And a fourth zone is located next to some nice furniture that we do n't want him playing on . He has quickly learned not to go to any of these places . He patiently waits for us when we go into one of these zones . In fact , we can remove the collar and he still wo n't go into these areas . So even if you are very concerned about constantly shocking your dog , I do n't think you need to be . One or two shocks is all it takes to keep them out of an area.Pros
 I already have two of them -LRB- keep dogs out of cat food -RRB- needed another one after returning from a trip and finding that the dogs had also got in the bed and messed things up . These are great units to keep your canine buddies out of trouble .
 I 've had issues integrating a new dog into a cat only house since the dog really enjoys eating the cat 's food . Solved this quite easily by using one of these pucks by the food . Two zaps and the dog will not go near the food . He even stays away without the collar on . I 've also used these on beds since the dog thinks we wo n't notice that he 's slept the day away on our bed . We forget to the close our bedroom door so this is a good safety . The ability to adjust its range is great so he 's able to approach our bed in the morning to say hi and not get shocked , but when he jumps on the bed he gets close enough to the sensor to get a shock .
 We have been trying to train our yellow lab to stay out of our bedroom and it continuously failed . I finally caved and bought this . I 'm so glad I did ! It perfectly creates a barier and she does n't even attempt to enter anymore ! I may buy another for the stair case !! Love the ease !
 It works . One `` Zap '' and my dog has learned the boundaries . I am very pleased with the product and I highly recommend it . I have used it to keep her in certain areas of the house . We are all happy !
 Our cockapoo had suddenly taken to peeing in the living room , on our sofa leg and woolen carpet . -LRB- Even enzymes do n't get urine out of wool ! -RRB- This device does keep him out of the room , but only keeps him 6 feet away when set for 12 feet . So test the distance first . Nice that it came with a lot of disc batteries , too . -LRB- BTW , it turned out Shaggy had a bladder infection , which the vet did n't catch the first time we brought him in . Poor dog . -RRB-
 My 70 pound dog darla is an awesome watch dog , but her habit of slamming against the front window whenever anything passed by was causing some serious issues . This little barrier with a collar has fixed the problem , now she raises the alarm without causing any damage . I got this extra barrier to keep her off the bed . so i have one in the kitchen to keep her from grazing on the counter , one by the front window so she doesnt slam against it and now she doesnt mess up the bed . I recommend these if you have any of these issues with your dog . physical barriers seemed to just be a challenge to her to destroy them but the electronic one is invisible and not easily destroyed
 This device works great with my puggle -LRB- pug / beagle mix -RRB- . As a 2.5 year old hound , she 's gotten a lot better about minding but ca n't stay away from the cat food , other dog 's food and litter box . I 'm tired of chasing her away from the other animals ' belongings . Though she hates being squirted with the water bottle , the hound in her just could n't take `` no '' for an answer.I finally gave in to these shock devices and I LOVE THEM!The first month , she 'd test the shock device and I knew when she was shocked . After her first daily shock , she immediately became the lovable , minding , non-alpha dog that is buried down very deep . I joked that I should just shock her on purpose for she became such a desirable dog : -RRB- After months of use , she avoids the restricted areas . The quiet warning noise is enough of a deterrent so she 's not shocked frequently anymore . Though she still stares at the cat food from a safe , shock free distance.If her collar is n't on and I 'm not hovering over her with a squirt bottle in view , she still goes straight to the cat food , cat poop , other dog 's food , etc. . So she has to wear it all the time.The battery in the collar and base stations last a long time . I have n't replaced them yet and it 's been at least 3 months of continuous use . I do n't turn off the base stations at night , just the collar when she goes to her kennel . Which I remove for her sleep.The collar has to be tight to her skin because of the dense puggle fur . I leave her regular collar on too , so I have to make sure the prongs do n't touch the other collar because then she 's not shocked . -LRB- She tests this too -RRB- . Overall , I 'm a happier person because I do n't have to stand over her armed with a squirt bottle or yell at her for eating cat food / poop and the other dog get 's to eat at his leisure too.If you have a hound , I would recommend it . I have three base stations and love them . I 'd buy them again.I would n't substitute this as training , you still need to train your dog :-RRB- It just helps those who are persistent , even when they know what they 're doing is naughty.The only downside is the cost , but it 's cheaper on Amazon than any pet store I 've been in and I have three so it 's not too bad . At the price of keeping your sanity and dog , it 's well worth it .
 We installed the petsafe unit because we wanted to keep our pet out from going through a doorway , and we also wanted her off of the couch . Unfortunately we spend a lot of time away from home , so we could n't consistently train her . We bought the units , did some quick training and have been pleased with how effective it has been . In order to contain the whole couch the radius of ` enforcement ' is a little bigger than we had hoped - she ca n't get anywhere near the couch but that 's better than her being able to sneak up there.If you want to keep your pet out of certain areas in the home , I would recommend this product .
 The Petsafe Pet Barrier ZND-1000 is a great replacement or addition to Innotek Mdl 4200 systems Zone discs -LRB- which cost much more -RRB- .
 By far this product is the best thing that we have purchased for our little yorkie . We have 4 kids in the house and because they are in and out of the door all day long , our dog would slip out with them . We were very fortunate that nothing happened to her , but for her safety and our peace of mind we purchased the Innotek collar and transmitter . Literally , 5 minutes and no more running out the door ! We actually purchased an extra transmitter to keep her away from the cat food -LRB- it made her sick -RRB- and we have a much more peaceful house thanks to this great product ! I highly recommend it !!
 I 've been using these zones for years now . BEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD . I have one basset hound and she knows to stay away just by sight now . Keep up on the batteries , both in the collar and the zones . I move them to areas I do n't want her to go , like the KITTY LITTER BOX , and instantly she stays back . Though , IF she can sneak around the device and it 's signal she will , she 's figured that out . For example , I now have three zone devices across a - oh , let 's say 10 foot length - of a carpeted room . To keep her from going across and into it . Because it sends it 's signal out all around the device it can reach places you do n't necessarily want off limits - to the left , for example . When all you 're trying to do is keep the dog off the area to the right . So , I purchased three zones and made the zone signal `` smaller '' and placed them closer together . Hope this make sense . Anyway , these are perfect for training your dog to stay away or out of an area . WISH THEY MADE THEM FOR CATS . BTW , one time I had the signal maxed out and it reached to the upper level of my two story home . My dog would n't come in the entry of my bedroom and I could n't figure out why until I heard her collar beeping . The zone was coming up through the floor . SO PLEASE beware and do n't turn it up too high - it 's reaches can be far .
 If you have the Innotek system , then this is a must have . This will keep your dogs confined to specific areas and I must say , they work great . I have 2 medium size dogs and they wont cross the line with this little babies in the way .
 I ca n't believe it ... this product works ! We have 3 dogs and have been trying for years to keep them off the couch and this product made it happen in 1 day . AWESOME !
 We used this to train our 100 lb lab/shepard to stay out of the garbage and off the counters . Worked well , easy to use . Only drawback is that you have that disc sitting on your counter or next to the garbage can . The warning beep is nice ... he never really needed the shock .
 I have a very engergetic dog that love to destroy thing and get up to my dinner table with this item he stop climbing my table
 Great product ; Keeps our dog out rooms that we do n't want him to go , has run thru it on occasion , but well worth it for 99 % time .
 It works very well to keep our dog from entering the room or area we put one of these `` Zones '' . I highly recommend this if you want to keep your dog away from those areas . It seemed a little hard to set up for an open area , as the `` stated distance '' was not real good .
 I bought the collar that came with one zone and thought I 'd need additional zones , but with one I could have trained my dog to avoid two areas . The stairs going to the basement -LRB- because my cat needs to get access the its litterbox and the dog likes to mess with the litterbox -RRB- and the stairs going upstairs because I do n't want the dog in the bedrooms . It took one day to get her away from going to the basement and never had to turn on the zone again as even if she 's not wearing the collar she does n't dare going there again . I could have used one zone to train her in one stairs and then use the same zone for the next stairs . After two days , I never had to put on her collar but she 's only 5 months old , so I 'm not sure if this is the same effect for older dogs . Maybe older dogs need longer collar enforcement . Also , I put her collar first thing in the morning to take her out in the backyard , so she did n't associate it with the zones .
 IF YOU MAKE SURE THE COLLAR IS TIGHT ENOUGH THAT THE DOG WILL RECEIVE THE SHOCK , AND THAT THE DISC IS SET TO ENOUGH FEET TO GIVE THE DOG AMPLE WARNING , IT WORKS GREAT ! I USED MINE TO KEEP MY BEAGLE FROM RUNNING OUT THE DOOR EVERYTIME IT WAS OPENED . MY DOG ONLY GOT SHOCKED TWICE AND NOW WILL NOT COME ANYWERE NEAR THE DOOR . I DEFINATELY RECCOMMEND THIS ITEM .
 Amazing device !!!! Love it ! We have a very intelligent 11 month old cocker spaniel that we will hopefully be training for agility competitions soon . Having said that , he has figured out how to open doors and all sorts of other little tricks that are an irritation ! We were at our wits end trying to keep him out of certain areas of our house and were putting gates EVERYWHERE ! This was very impractical for us as we have two toddlers who could not get over the gates . We found this product and bought two transmitters and one collar . Fell in love with it instantly . It took only a couple of times and our spaniel understood he could no longer go in certain areas . He was trained within 24 hours . We took down all of our gates but one . I am currently purchasing two more to keep him out of our bedroom and office so I do n't have to worry if someone forgot to shut the door . Also , we have never had a problem with sore spots on him from the collar . You just have to make sure the collar is not too tight , and not too loose . Everyone with a pet should have one ! : -RRB-
 We already owned one of the Innotek IUC in-ground fence systems , which works beautifully for our two large male shepherds . As we later developed our flower beds , however , we needed a way to keep the dogs out of them , as well as other no-go areas . I was not going to trench and lay more wire for every new no-go area , so we were happy to find this product that is compatible with the dogs ' existing collars . The A/B programming works as well . These radios are a bit pricey , however , and I do n't think that we would have paid much more for them . Now here is the tip for outdoor use . We place them in Tupperware Big Wonders Bowls . They are sized just right and seal tightly . Note that this shortens the range to around a 4 ' radius . We can even use the empty bowls as decoys once the dogs have initially learned to stay away from a spot , saving us from purchasing a greater number of radios . I hope this helps .
 Worked like a charm on our 10 lb Havachon . She did n't react much at first , but after I trimmed the fur on her neck , it was like magic !! No more running out the front door , no more eating the other dog 's food and it keeps her in a smaller area of the house without having to put gates up .
 Purchased an extra petsafe barrier disk to keep the cat away from our new couch . It probably goes without saying that we really like it since we got another disk.The disk is user friendly , and really simple to set up.We did have to trim some hair around the cats neck initially so the points could get good contact .
 As I have two bay windows I needed two of these units . They work like a charm . Even without the collar my dog shys away from the areas I place the units . But ca n't leave off the collar all the time or he discovers he can go where he is not wanted . I wish I had purchased these long ago when I first got my pup .
 This product effective without undue stress on animal . Need to keep fur around neck area trimmed as contacts need to touch near to skin . My dog simply backs away from adjustable field . No more problems with chairs and couch .
 Since we already had an outdoor system -LRB- Innotek -RRB- , we purchased this item to extend our pet control to the inside of the house . The yellow lab puppy was lounging on the dark blue oriental rug in the dining room and leaving it covered with hair . Placing one of these gizmo 's under the table solved our problem - the dog remains clear of the dining room now . In fact , we picked up another one and placed it on the steps to the bedrooms , thereby keeping her out of there -LRB- and saving countless chewed shoes -RRB- as well .
 We have a dog we love very much . She is one of the most loving dogs in existence , but she would chew the entryway so badly that she endangered the foundation of the building . We did not want to give her away . Nothing we did worked . When we went out , she would chew the entryway to bits.For the safety of the building we had to act ! This product did the trick . We can now keep our dog and all the buildings occupants are safe!My wife and I both love this product ! It allowed us to keep our beloved Frisky !
 works great !! had one before and needed a few more . keeps the animals off the furniture and out of areas they shouldnt be in when we 're not home .
 I bought this product and have 3 zones . My 4 month old puppy learned in 2 days . No more jumping on the couch after chasing the small dog or eating the small dog 's food . I have only used this product for 5 days and he is a completly diffent puppy ! I 'm much happier and not frustrated because he was not listening . He listens now , that beep tone will get his attention quick . Once in a while I have to adjust the distance as it will zap him when not intended but overall this is a great training aid . I probably wo n't even need to use it in a couple of weeks . :--RRB- This is a must have !
 Love the Innotek Zone system . It keeps our puppy away from things we do not want him near and/or things we do not want him to chew such as houseplants . We have several zones around our house , they have been a livesaver !!
 we have placed 4 of these ZND-1000 around our home in key locations . They have worked well with our 1year old labs . They learn very quick not to go to certain areas of the house .
 Works great inside the house for keeping my dog from accessing rooms that she does n't belong in . Small drawback would be the small range of coverage that the zone emits -LRB- approx 5 to 6 feet -RRB- .
 Product works exactly as stated . Batteries last many months and the signal radius can be readily adjusted by pressing the + / - buttons .
 I did n't think it was that big , but for a single small pet , this will last forever before I have to refill it again . I 'm happy with this product . Caution it 's glass , but it 's just more durable , unless dropped , be careful
 I volunteer as a foster home for a local rat rescue and have 4 of these bottles in every size and they 're used by quite a few rats . I 'm purchasing a 5th of these bottles because I have an additional group of fosters coming in and I love these bottles ! Rats tend to chew and after losing a couple of plastic bottles , I switched to this brand several years ago . I 've purchased 5 of these bottles over the years and have had to return one due to it not dispensing water . The other 4 bottles work perfectly , no dripping , leaking , or issues . I still have the original one I purchased several years ago and the only complaint I have is that the metal cover for the cap has rusted a little . I do n't see that as an issue since I 've had the bottle for so long and it does n't affect the water or the use since it 's only on the part that covers the plastic cap . I 've also learned that you must slide the metal protector off the cap to ensure that you tighten it enough so it does n't leak . Also , please check your water levels and slide the ball with your finger once you hang the bottle to ensure that water is coming out , if it 's not hung correctly , the water wo n't come out and as I said 1 of the bottles I bought was defective and did n't dispense water so I returned it . I have n't had any issues with the spring and wire hanger that comes with the bottle , they secure the largest bottle well and safely to the inside of my wire cage and the rats even climb up on top of it and it does n't budge . As I 've said , I 've had this particular brand bottle for several years with many different rats and have never had it fall or even tilt forward if fastened correctly to the cage . However , if you 're concerned , and you have a wire cage , you can always fasten the bottle to the outside of the cage with the spigot through the bars so they can drink but not access the bottle or climb on it . I gave this water bottle 4 stars since I did get one that did n't work -LRB- from a local pet store but it was n't their fault , it was just defective but I figured it out as soon as I hung it and ran my hand over the ball in the spigot and nothing came out . It 's recommended that you test you water bottle , no matter how long you 've had it so I do it daily and to test multiple bottles , it takes me less than a minute -RRB- . Anyway , I will continue to use this brand and model water bottle as long as they keep making them !
 Ok . I pictured it to be smaller , so I was surprised !! But it was the good big size . I loved it even more . Then I filled it up and realized there was a little cute duck inside . SO far i loved it . My mini rex loved it . 2 weeks went buy and then the place where he drinks fell !!! So i had to clean up all that falling water . I pulled it out and it can came back in ... but I still did n't like it . Then slowly and slowly the metal cap fell . I think it was poor building or whatever you call it .
 good water feeder , would only suggest for quails if you have less then 5 , anything more and you might as well go to the local feed store and buy a chicken waterer
 So this bottle was a complete pain to hang the first time . It does n't exactly come with proper instructions . But once you get the hang of it you will realize it 's clever design to prevent chewing from your pet . Later I will take pictures and share them.How to properly hang it :1 . Make sure the bottle is filled as much as possible .2 . Put on lid tightly and holding the spout it 's self firmly , turn it to face towards the flat side of the bottle .3 . Hang the wire piece on the side of the cage .4 . Set the water bottle into the hanging piece and make sure it is set right .5 . Install the spring/cord and set it so it fit 's the groove of the water bottle .6 . Adjust the water bottle so the spout is between the bars .7 . With your fingertip , simulate a `` licking motion '' by repeatedly pressing or flicking the ball bearing on the water bottle until you have water coming out and bubbles moving up in the bottle.The bottle is designed to sit flush on the outside of the cage , and pets can get to the spout between the bars very easily . * I recommend checking the water bottle DAILY -LRB- every morning and every evening -RRB- . * This is something every pet owner should do because accidents do happen . My point here is if your pet dies due to dehydration you have no one to blame but yourself . It is your responsibility to make sure your pet has adequate food and water , if this is too difficult for you then you have no business having a pet in the first place . *
 I think there must be a serious quality control issue in the small pet water bottle industry - I 've tried 5-star bottles that turned my cage into water parks and 1-stars that worked perfectly . It 's incredibly frustrating to never know if you 're buying one that works or not . However , I have to say that I 've bought 3 of these from Super Pet -LRB- I switch them out daily to wash and keep a spare handy in case -RRB- and in six months have n't experienced any of the problems stated by other reviewers - my boys have no trouble getting water out of them , and I have no leakage issues -LRB- it does drip slowly for the first minute after hanging , but then stops -RRB- . Also , while I prefer wire hangers , the spring-style hanger included makes the bottle feel very secure even when full -LRB- I have the 12-ounce bottles ... not sure if the larger ones would have more of a security issue or not -RRB- . I think these are a great value for the money , but since other reviewers have had problems - and I 've had problems with other highly-rated bottles - I wish there was more consistency in the quality of these things .
 I received the products quickly and they were as described . One was broken and I called them and they immediately sent out a replacement with an envelope for me to return the broken one . I would use them again .
 I must admit that there were some worries about this product after reading some of the previous comments on it . I have found the item to be extremely well made and constructed of quality materials . The mounting system is simple and easy to install and use . The mounting hardware needed no adjustments or `` tweaks '' to make it work properly . The only thing that I could find to even say might use some improvement would be the flow stop ball assembly . It does tend to drip a bit after the animal drinks , but stops as soon as air pressure has equalized inside the bottle and out . This is most likely a limitation inherent in the ball/socket seal . Will see if it seals better after being in use for a while.All in all , a very fine product and well worth the money it cost .
 WHY I CHOSE THIS BOTTLEI chose this bottle because the last bottle I had was made of very soft plastic and had a vertical spout which made it both difficult to drink from and easy to chew through . This bottle 's spout bends so that the hamsters do n't have to twist their necks upward and it is made of glass , so I do n't have to worry about hanging it inside the cage.WIRE OR GLASS CAGE?The bottle can also be hung outside the cage . From the looks of the wire hanger , it needs the upper spring to hold it steady and that requires it be hooked to something like wire . I do n't think it would hold up in a glass aquarium , because there would be nothing for the spring to clasp onto.I prefer it inside , because the wires need to be bent to accommodate the spout when I hang it from outside . Some cages have wires spaced farther apart and that would not be a problem , but for small animal cages , the wires will need to be pushed apart a little . Some people might not mind that , but I do n't like bending my cage 's wires.DOES IT LEAK?The bottle does not leak at all , but the water comes out easily for the hamsters . The little floating duck makes it easy to see from a distance how much water remains in the bottle . One full bottle would last my two Winter White hamsters a long time . After a week , the 6 ounce bottle is about 3/4 full.CLEANINGI change my hamster 's water weekly . The neck of the bottle is very narrow , so bottle brushes and the like will not fit inside . What I do is empty the water , fill it up with fresh water , break up a Polident tablet and put it inside . After three minutes , I rinse and the bottle is fresh . Polident kills the algae and will keep your water bottles slime-free . I suppose you could also use bleach or just boil the bottle , but Polident is easy for me.PROS : + hangs inside or outside the wire cage + spout bends so hamsters do n't have to twist their necks upwards to drink + water comes out easily for hamsters + does not leak + hamsters ca n't chew through it + duck makes it easy to see water level at a glance + holds more than enough water for two hamsters to last weeks -LRB- but I 'd clean it before that -RRB- CONS : - glass can break if dropped - does n't hang in glass aquarium - need to bend the cage 's wire to hang bottle from outside - ca n't clean with a bottle brush _______________________ UPDATE 1/8/13
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- If the reason your getting this glass bottle is to avoid plastic , take the plastic yellow duck out ! It 's somewhat difficult to remove , though possible with a tweezer/needle nosed pliers etc. -LRB- 2 -RRB- I would never put this on the inside of a small animal 's cage for fear of it falling and crushing the little creature . The bottle is extra heavy when full . I have the 26oz . size . I began setting it up inside my 2 guinea pig 's condo-cage and quickly went to plan B due to the weight . I 'd rather have it fall and break outside the cage then break any little bones ! Which brings me to the next point ... -LRB- 3 -RRB- The hanging items do NOT seem secure enough to safely support a filled bottle . Therefore , along with the spring wire for the top of the bottle and the flimsy wire holder for the bottom of the bottle , I used the metal holder from the previous large plastic bottle for additional support from under the cap and around the top just above the included spring mechanism . Then used some twist ties to bring the 2 hook ends of the included bottom wire holder together from the inside and added an additional small metal hook to attach from the twist ties to an above cage inside bar to assure security . The bottle is easily slipped up and out from the supports after bringing the spring wire up and over the top when time to clean/refill . NOTE
 I am a wildlife rehabilitator who cares for squirrels , opossums , skunks and other small mammals . These chew-proof water bottles have worked out so well for me . First , they are definitely chew-proof . Being glass , the bottles are easy to clean and disinfect as are the metal spouts . I have outdoor cages of varying sizes and wire guages . This bottle attaches by resting the spout on a supportive wire and holding the top of the bottle in a spring loop that sits in a groove in the bottle . This allows the bottle to be attached firmly to the side of any sort of wire cage without slipping . Secondly , plastic water bottles eventually turn brittle under the sun 's UV rays . I expect these bottles to last forever .
 Good quality , seemed very fresh and had few empty hulls in it . Will purchase again when my local store has run out of stock .
 This mix includes a lot of seed but also cereal grains and chunky pellets . Not too many sunflower seeds , a plus . I have three cockatiels and they all love it . They devour it all but seem especially to enjoy the pellets , which is surprising since they have ignored other pelleted foods . I will continue to order this.I was also very pleased with the seller -LRB- Quidsi Retail/Wag . com . -RRB- Shipping charge was very reasonable and it came , amazingly , in one day .
 Having purchased some less expensive radio controlled collars without much success in training , I decided to spend more and get a higher quality product , especially one with more range . When the SportDog 2000 arrived , I reviewed the training material and prepared to train my dog . I quickly realized that I was n't spending enough time training my dog to effectively use the collar , she knows all the basic commands , but does n't always obey . It sat in the closet for a year before my 17 year old son undertook the training . He quickly found our 70 lb dog has a healthy respect for the collar . I now use it weekly with the dog and am very satisfied with the results . I have personally shocked the dog only once , when she took off after a couple kids and ignored my command to come . One shock and she quickly moved back to my side . I like the collar , because my dog used to run away as soon as she was off leash . Now , we can play fetch and go on walks in a nearby park with out problem . I recommend this product to anyone willing to invest the time to use it as directed in the training guide .
 RECEIVED THE ORDER ON TIME , USING AMAZON.COM SAVED ME ALOT OF MONEY FOR THE PRODUCT .
 I love this product ! I enjoy seeing the birds at my birdfeeder and they can not get enough of this bird seed ! Thank you Kaytee !
 My dogs like these , but it takes them 10 seconds to eat the whole thing , so they 're a bit expensive , considering .
 I bought this stand with the intention of using it as a portable stand for our Green Cheek Conure . I wanted something small enough to bring around the apartment with me so I could put our bird on it when I am doing things . It is great because it 's proportionate to his size , and the bowl detaches rather easily for cleaning . It 's made well , although seems a little on the cheap side for the price paid.Overall this is a good deal for what you get in a portable stand . There certainly are n't many stands like it , which is why I chose this one since it seemed to be the best fit for my needs .
 Super portable , we take it all over the house so the bird can be with us . The food bowl is easy to remove and clean , great for feeding or dropping treats into . My amazon loves to clicker train while on the perch , and also uses the rough surface to trim her beak down . Paper towels fit perfectly under it to catch any droppings . I 'll definitely purchase this again if anything happens to the one I own .
 I purchased this item to allow my bird ` out of the cage play time ' . I can set the perch on the kitchen counter for him to hang out with the family . It is also nice to use when I am cleaning his cage .
 I really like this litter pan it is super big though , almost too big for our rabbit cage . My rabbit can get it off the side of the cage though which was my main reason for purchasing .
 My medium size rabbit loves this litter box because it is nice and roomy . Plus he has n't chewed on it like he has done others in the past . This one also seems to clean easier than some of the others litter boxes he has used .
 I got this for my two mini-rex rabbits . It is nice and roomy , sturdy , and fits perfectly in the corner of their playpen .
 My puppy LOVES the Ziggy puppy treats . I put them inside a Kong and she loves chewing on them . They really keep her occupied when she has to be crated for a period of time . Your dog will love them too !
 My dog absolutely loves these ! She comes running when she hears the wrapper ... She is a very picky eater and has no problem with these . She will not go to sleep at night until she has her ziggies !!
 My puppy loves these ! She was such a picky little eater when I first got her and she took to these right away . They keep her occupied and she will do anything for them !
 Ordering Puppy Ziggies through Amazon is the best thing I have done . My two Chihuahuas love the small Ziggies , and PetsMart locations where I live were always out of them . It became very frustrating checking Petsmart several times per week to only find that that never have them . I ordered them on line , they came within a week , and that is how I will always purchase them from now on . Also it was cheaper ordering through Amazon .
 I have a bad back and it 's difficult to lift my cat in a carrier . I love this one because I can wheel it ! The only down side is that the handle is a little short for me . I am 5.7 '' But I still use it all the time !
 We bought one of these swings for our two cockatiels . After a week or so , we had to buy a second one ... they were basically nudging each other off the swing to play with it ! One of our birds prefers to swing front to back , the other side to side . The double-chain construction of the swing allows for this range of motion , which my birds love . I recently purchased a third swing for my Indian Ringneck parakeet , and she loves it as well . She 's a big chewer , and the thing appears to be virtually indestructible -LRB- as of right now -RRB- . My birds never really took to the whole rolling aspect of the toy , but I 'm satisfied enough with it just as a swing !
 Toby will only eat this kind of Bird seed as part of his daily menu . He will nibble at others , eat fresh fruits , vegetables and other foods but only this Parrot food.He is fussy and likes fresh items and has gourmet taste buds for a Parrot . He knows what he likes and will only eat that . He will throw the other foods on the floor .
 Great toy for big dogs and very durable . It is heavy and hard , so probably not the best thing to play with indoors if you 're playing fetch . My lab pup loves it !
 We got this Nylabone because of the bacon flavor figuring our dogs would love it . They definitely like the bone and chew on it , but no more than their other bones -LRB- beef femur -RRB- . I guess that 's pretty good since a plastic bone holds its own against a real bone.One thing to be aware of -- this thing is kinda heavy . Might not be a big deal for your dog , but I have 2 dogs that like to wrestle for toys and also like to chew their bone while laying on the couch . When this thing gets dropped , especially on my hardwood floors , it is loud .
 Our dog is a 80lb german shepherd mix . He is just over 2 years old and is a pretty aggressive chewer . We bought almost all of the `` durachew '' nylabones and this product is by far the best option , at least for our dog . He loves chewing on the edible ends and has been working on it for over an hour now without any damage to the toy . Just ordered 3 more while this 8 dollars off over 40 $ .
 We have two Bahamian Potcakes and they are ruthless toy destroyers . We have very few toys that have stood the test of time but this is one of them . Depending on their mood they obliterate even the strongest toys between 5 minutes and 2 days . This toy has been around for over 3 months now . They both love it and spend a lot of time arguing over who will get to have it . Just about to order a few more from Amazon as we can not find them locally .
 We love these ! Our dog destroys 98 % of the chew toys he 's given within minutes . This one is going strong ! He 's able to chew and chew and the toys still intact . There truly are n't many toys I can say that about . We highly recommend this toy and the similar toys for destructive dogs !
 We have a 70lb German Shepherd / Akita mix . When we first got her from the foster we tried all sorts of toys to keep her from chewing on furniture , but she only like the soft squeaky toys which she managed to destroy in minutes . We finally found the Tuffy 's Mega Ring -LRB- available on amazon -RRB- and she loves it . The only problem was without something hard to chew on , she was developing plaque / tartar on her teeth . A vet cleaning was $ 150 + so we look for alternative chew toys . The dog came to us eating only vegetarian food , so we have maintained that -LRB- we tried giving her a rawhide , but she just left it alone -RRB- . I emailed Nylabone and they confirmed that this chew is 100 % vegetarian ; the `` bacon flavor '' is an aromatic that is not derived from animal products : Double Action Chews -LRB- `` DuraChew Double Action Chew '' , `` DuraChew Double Action Chew - Round Ball '' , and `` DuraChew Double Action Chew - Football '' -RRB- , `` bended bone '' and `` stick '' brand Nylabone products are unflavored , but contain a bacon aromatic in the ends to make them more attractive.These products are flavored with a vegetarian -LRB- plant-derived -RRB- natural flavoring that does not contain any meat protein . Similar to `` tofurkey '' and `` veggie-burgers , '' they have the meat flavor without the meat.Our dog has had the bone for about a month now and the plaque / tartar is nearly gone from her teeth thanks to this chew !
 I bought this for our boxer/curr mix . -LRB- She 's about 45 lbs and 8 months old -RRB- . She has chewed most everything that she has into small pieces , and half of the time , I find parts of it later , recycled : S She did last a few hours more with this product , but eventually even this bone bit the dirt . The only thing with this is that when she swallowed bits of the bone before I was able to see that she 'd bitten into it , she developed a serious rash all over her body and one of her eyes swelled almost shut . I gave her benadryll and that seemed to do the trick . Beware of not checking this bone often for small parts eaten off ; the color on the ends is deceptive because the undercoating is the same color . It would do fine for a dog with not such a strong bite reflex .
 My dog loves his Nylabone so much . It prevents him from chewing on things he 's not supposed to -LRB- like the furniture -RRB- .
 When we got our dog , Sydney 3 years ago ... I could not find a single thing that she would chew on that would last more than 10 minutes.I tried everything , until I found this ! It 's definitely her favorite and every once in a while , I toss it in the dishwasher with her Kong and bowls to keep everything fresh . I just bought another one for the first time because she 's finally chewed through both sides.I highly recommend this to anyone who only wants to buy a chew toy every few years .
 Dogs love them , and they usually destroy everything in no time -LRB- one is a pitbull and the other an American Bulldog -RRB- that 's not the case with these . They 've been chewing on them off and on for weeks and they are still intact ! Fantastic price on these too !
 I have a large Golden Doodle & a Black Lab that chews on everything & this is the first product that they have not been able to destroy or tear apart ! We have had them -LRB- 1 for each dog -RRB- for 5 months & they hardly look any different . These are a great value , definitely worth the money & my dogs will be chewing on them for a very long time ! So much better than anything we have ever purchased before .
 I hesitated a long time before buying our first Nylabone chew toy . They are moderately expensive and , frankly , do n't look all that exciting . But , the dogs love them.We have two Rhodesian Ridgebacks , one of which is quite a chewer . He picks the Double Action Combo Bone -LRB- Souper size -RRB- to chew , hands down , over any other in his arsenal . The toys do wear down eventually , but it takes a long time.We have two of these toys now and will replace with exactly the same model when they wear out .
 4 hard-earned stars for surviving a month of regular chewing with my pit bull-Boxer mix . Carlow destroys toys like it is his job , and before this toy , only the classic red Kong had eluded his compulsive eating of rubber and plastic toys -LRB- he tears holes in the soft ones and pulls out all the stuffing -RRB- . He loves to gnaw on the bacon-flavored hard plastic parts , and that is where it has gotten sharp in places . To my knowledge it has n't made his gums bleed , but it would n't surprise me if it did . I do n't expect this bone to last forever or even a year before I have to take it away from him , but its ability to keep Carlow occupied and content for weeks without any kind of mess makes it worth $ 10-11 . One reviewer mentioned her staffordshire bull terrier shredding the green middle in minutes , and that really surprises me . It 's almost hard to believe , since rubber is like , Carlow 's favorite food . He shreds rubber toys and chews on their maimed carcasses until I take them away . The rubbery green part is very solid -LRB- unless your dog shreds the classic Kong , you should be fine -RRB- , and the bacon-flavored plastic keeps Carlow from taking any interest in devouring the middle .
 I buy so many of these for my three dogs and its the best . Lasts a long time for powerful chewers !!
 i have owned many nyla bone products in the past with other dogs as well and have read many of the reviews both good and bad and i must say that i have never experienced the bad effects that others have complained about and my dog just loves this one too
 The harder plastic gives my 11 month old Boston a run for her money . Do n't get me wrong , she 's dented it but she 's not pulled pieces off and eaten it .
 I have two Boston terriers and as owners of Boston 's will know , they have VERY strong jaws . I have purchased both the regular and medium size bones for my dogs . They chew on them almost constantly . These bones last for a long time and I would highly recommend them . . I consider them a great value !
 Great product ! Was n't disappointed ! Great price for such a sturdy dog toy . If you have a dog that likes to chew this is the one for you !
 I recently bought this for my year old husky . He normally chews through any bone or treat I give him within 10 minutes to 2 hrs . The first night I gave him this he spent 2 hrs chewing on it and did n't even make a dent . We 've had it for at least a month and it looks barely touched , aside from slight chew marks here and there . I also like that it has a nice grip in the center so he can carry it around easily . My pup is not addicted to this bone but will chew on it here and there and loves to put his paw on it and slide it around the floor . That is probably more my fault then the bones due to the fact that I leave it lying around all the time and never put it up so he forgets about it . My pup loses interest in all things if they are laying around a while ... if I put it up and take it out a week or so later it 's like I just bought him something new . The reason I gave this only four stars is because I would love it if they made these in different flavors . I think if it was chicken , peanut butter or bacon flavored it would hold more interest for my pup . All over it 's an awesome bone and not a waste of money . I 'm currently trying other nylabones now to see if he likes them too .
 This item is great !!!! I highly recommend it for all pit bull owners ! it is the only chew toy that my 5 year old pit bull has not ripped apart . It keeps her busy for hours ! She loves it !
 I have been a fan of Nylabones ever since we got our Lab in 2008 . I heard questionable facts about raw hides , and did n't want to try them . Nylabones are typically expensive , but always long lasting , and EXCELLENT quality . This particular bone -LRB- Dura Chew Double Action Combo , Souper -RRB- is so awesome , and the price was excellent ! I seen this exact bone at PetSmart for double the price . My Lab loves this bone . It is a bit bigger than what we are used to , but she loves it and it is not too big at all . Also recommend the `` Big Chew '' by Nylabone .
 Great toy ! A little big but she loves it ! Purchase if you have a big dog who loves to chew and tear things up !
 To each , his own ! That phrase basically says that each one of us is different and as such , our preferences also tend to differ . This idea applies not only to humans , but to our canine friends as well . And when buying toys for your dog , that is an important consideration to keep in mind . Some dogs will love this toy , while some will simply ignore it . That is a frustrating part of trying to keep your dog entertained . Because you see , buying toys for your dog can be just as much of a hit-or-miss proposition as buying a gift for a blind date.So what can you do , to avoid spending money on a pricey item that your dog might not like ? There are no guarantees , but you can take the time to watch your dog carefully . After some time , you will notice what types of toys captivate his attention . Based on my observations over the years and owning different breeds , I have come to believe that the more impulsive individuals might not find entertainment with this toy . However , those obsessive , focused types like you see in Rottweilers , German Shepherds , and Labradors would be delighted to chew on this for days.Impulsive dogs tend to be the types who do not like to play fetch . They may chase the ball once , but pretty soon , their attention span is very quickly diverted elsewhere . My current dog is like that . He just does not like to spend a lot of time chewing on an item that does not break apart easily . The only way to engage him for a prolonged period of time is to give him something that breaks apart easily -LRB- pressed rawhide -RRB- or something that dispenses food -LRB- Kong and Starmark treat dispensers -RRB- . He is just not the obsessive type who would spend a lot of time gnawing on a durable object . He needs constant and frequent reinforcement to keep his attention from wandering away from the toy . Your dog may like it , depending on his personality and his breed.Nylabone is a maker of high quality dog toys . This is a quality item . It is just unfortunate that my dog 's attention span is too short to be entertained by these types of toys . Ofcourse , I found out the hard -LRB- or the expensive -RRB- way . I bought the toy and my dog ignored it !
 MY GSD loves this bone . Like most GSDs she absolutely destroys any normal non `` K9 '' type of chew toy . However these last a long time -LRB- 9 mo at least -RRB- and do n't form sharp edges until the chew has finally given it 's all . If you have a heavy chewer this is a great toy / chewer . Be aware , it 's heavy and when your dog drops it on your toe you 'll know it .
 We have 2 of these and our 150 lb English Mastiff is crazy about them . They are his favorite toy and the only bone that has lasted over a year . The vet says he has pearly whites and I think it is because he has chewed so much . In his younger days he did chew off the green coating of one of them , so if you dog is very aggressive you should see how they do and be conscious of that but we have n't had any issues with any of the other bones he has had since that point . He loves this bone and carries it with him everywhere !
 My dogs -LRB- two labs -RRB- love it and the Nylabone is very durable . Nothing to complain about other than the fact that once it is chewed up it will collect hair and grime . However , this is not a unique issue for products of this type and it is fairly easy to clean .
 Other than being clumsy to handle for humans , it works quite well for the animal to play with and care for her teeth . Not a &#34; fetch &#34; toy .
 Hard as a rock , but some how enjoyable for our dogs . Most other toys get destroyed within a week . I highly recommend this product for aggressive chewers .
 My pup is a powerful chewer for a little guy and this is just the cure . It is just as good as the dinosaur just has a different middle for him to play with .
 My dog Rufus is a 50 lb border collie mix , who I would consider a medium to heavy chewer . He destroys most toys he gets in a matter of minutes . The only toys that have lasted him is the wishbone and this toy . He seems like he prefers this toy much more , I assume due to the texture and shape . He has put a little dent in this , but it 's still going strong and probably will for a long time . He plays with it everyday and brings it to every room with him . I highly recommend it if you have a heavy chewer . He just never gets tired of this one for some reason !
 Awesome dog chew toy for our VERY voracious black lab mix chewer . He manages to keep these for several weeks ... sometimes even a month ! Love Nylas !!
 I have Staffords and Nylabones are a must-have in my home . This Dura-Chew , is by far My Marla 's favorite . She has had hers since she was about 5 months old . One day it was lost and I spent ten days searching my yard and house for it , with Marla ! She has had it for 5 years now and carries it daily and it is her pacifier - if someone is in trouble Mar grabs the bone . So it was lost which is why I bought a new one and now I have two as we found the 1st one right after receiving the second one . the bad puppy we had had been digging it into a hole . Its nice to have two now in case of emergency!The bone weighs a lot , so be careful . I have hardwood floors and its dropped daily as well . Loud . Thud . She has brought it to bed but never dropped it on me . Though my friends have had it banged into their shins and dropped on their feet.BUT it is indestructible . And my favorite bone !
 My pouch chews and destroys everything she posses . Nothing lasts but nylabones . Thank goodness my pouch likes them otherwise I 'd be sunk and so would my possessions ! This thing was massive !
 This is the only toy my dog can not completely destroy in 24 hours . It takes about a month of regular chewing before he needs a new one . Some of the other reviews mentioned that the green center is not sturdy ... amazingly enough my little monster is not interested in the green center . The packaging says the green part is mint flavored , and the ends are bacon flavored , so I 'm guessing many dogs will choose the bacon and ignore the flimsier green center . Overall , a great buy .
 My dog is a powerful chewer & has always ruined any toy I have given him within the hour . The Nylabone has lasted since August and still has plenty of life left in it ! He has come no where near to destroying this durable toy . He loves his `` nyla '' and chews on it every single day . This toy is a must for any dog owner who is tired of spending their hard-earned money on dog toys only to have them chewed apart in no time !
 My 45lb lab who is now 6 months old is unable to shatter this into pieces , which is a good thing . The bad thing however , is that he is smart enough to not choose this bone first out of his toy box , especially when there are other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- vinyl toys available for him to destroy ! Also , this is quite heavy so be wary if your dog wants to lug it around and drops it on the hardwood floors . Mine does , so I try to keep him on the carpet while he chews on it . Good buy overall , I hope it lasts at least 4 months .
 Our 8 month old Shepherd Mix loves this toy . I have had a hard time finding a toy she chews often that she does n't destroy in a few days to a week and this is it . She is now on her second one and loves to chew on it all the time . She does well with her Kongs -LRB- wubba and extra strength regular kong -RRB- but she does n't like to chew on them the way she does with this . It keeps her satisfied and away from any other inanimate plastic objects in the house . Unlike the lady with the pit our dog has no interest in the middle section of the toy unless you count carrying it in her mouth to show it to you -LRB- when she wants to play -RRB- . She ate it little by little but they were such small pieces that it did n't bother her in any way and I followed the manufacturers instructions to throw it away when the ends were worn . It took her a full month to get it to that level which is the longest lasting toy she 's had yet . I recommend this to puppy owners who have a dog that loves to chew . It will keep them distracted from your personal belongings and occupied when they seem to have endless energy .
 I have 7 dogs ... from 18 pounds to 117 pounds . I 've a ton of these , everyone takes their turn when they need a little chew . They seem all mist indestructible . Even for my English Bulldog . They 're good for them and help with the need to chew issue . What 's not to like ?
 Unlike the smaller versions , the center of the green part on this one is nylon rather than a pressed paperboard-like substance . Lasts MUCH longer this way !
 We have 2 fairly young dogs and you know they love to chew !! Once we bought these bones for them it has made our life much easier . They love them and they seem to really satisfy their urge to chew . Even our older dog loves them . Every night after dinner our older dogs spends about 30 minutes chewing the heck out of it . I guess it 's her tooth brush . They do n't get slimey or have pieces breaking off like other chew toys we have tried ... and they last a long time .
 I bought a version of this toy which has a slightly different center piece but the ends are the same and I have to say that it is the longest lasting chew toy I have bought for my lab , who is a very aggresive chewer . Ropes , destroyed within 15 minutes , stuffingless toys , the same , soft hollow rubber toys , maybe and hour , but this toy I bought 5 months ago and she still chews it -LRB- although I have to admit its not one of her favorite toys . -RRB- Its very durable with the ends being hard plastic so it 's difficult to break off small pieces , and the center portion is a softer material that she has yet to even poke a hole in . A very good product ! Overall , I would highly recommend this to other owners of aggressive chewers .
 My scottie and bulldog absolutely love these toys although they seem to preferthe smaller size . It helps keep their teeth cleaned and keeps them entertained!A great product for strong chewers .
 I have a 70 lb lab/pit/x and he loves to chew on these . He knows only to chew on his toys . This one is n't quite his favorite but it will last a long time . It is heavy though so be careful not to let your dog drop it on your foot . It hurts if he does . I would recommend the regular souper bones before purchasing this one .
 I have a 105 lb . male yellow lab who can tear through most chew toys in mere hours . This Nylabone is his favorite by far . We are on our third one and counting . Each one lasts about 6 months . Eventually he will work off one of the ends and start ripping chunks off the green rubber center part . That 's when I know it 's time to pry it out of his jaws and order another one : -RRB-
 Both of my dogs love them and try to take each other 's , which is hilarious because the bones are HUGE , and they can barely fit one in their mouths !
 The thing I like best about this nylabone , is that the ends are HUGE . Unlike the regular souper bones where the ends are rather thing , these are triple the size . Our dogs only chew the ends anyway , and this bone will last 3x as long .
 I originally purchased this for our black lab puppy because she could chew through everything and I needed the toughest toys I could find . This toy was one of the only toys she had that actually held up , so that is a huge plus for strong chewers ! However , I purchased a smaller version for my 3 year old shih tzu and my chihuahua puppy and it pretty much got ignored . I think it is difficult for them to chew on . Also , these two dogs are not as strong chewers , so they have more stuffed animals and other toys around to choose from , where as our lab was not allowed to have stuffed animals because she shredded them . Overall , all three dogs preferred just a regular-looking nylabone to this one . The black lab had her regular nylabone chewed down to a tip , but it took her awhile to do that . I would only purchase this bone if your dog is a very strong chewer and you are having trouble keeping toys around for it , otherwise it may get ignored .
 My dogs prefers this over the Nylabone Galileo Bone Dog Chew Toy , Souper.Alto this one is not as strong but will last for a while . I have 2 pit 50lbs pit mixes that love to chew . Just make sure if you have a larger breed dog that is an intense chewer to get the Souper size .
 I have a 4 year old Weimaraner and it is next to impossible to find toys he does not instantly destruct . This is the second of this bones like this . The first one lasted nearly a year before he had the knobs on the end wore down . He absolutely loves it.Only downsides are
 I am so grateful for this chew . My medium sized pit has gone through everything in minutes and he gets crazy OCD about chewing . He tore the green nubs off in minutes and thought for sure this thing was dead meat , but after that he settled into going after the ends of the bone . I am concerned with how sharp it gets but I keep checking it for blood and do n't see any . . yet . He 's probably had an hour a day with it for a week and it 's not much worse for wear .
 This is the only chew toy that stands up to my pit bull 's strong jaw . She had one and used it continuously for 2 years and it still was intact but I replaced it . She LOVES it and always goes for this one amongst all her toys .
 In 15 years , this has been the only bone / chew toy that my dogs could not destroy . We dogsit and can have up to ten dogs in our home at any time . Even the Rots and the Puppies ca n't destroy this chew toy . They seem to enjoy carrying it around too . The one downside is that we have nicknamed these bones `` Bleeder Bones '' because after a few years of chewing , they get very rough on the ends and when kicked in the middle of the night , can result in bloody toes . Well worth the risk though , truly a great product for dogs !!
 Fantastic chew toy ! I have two MAJOR chewers and they both love this toy ! And the best part is that it 's lasted a long time . Even my pit has n't terminated it yet !
 My rescue lab mix is a very strong , heavy chewer . Nothing stands up to this dog except Nylabone products . Excellent chew toy !
 For whatever reason I have always been hesitant to buy nylabones for my German shepherd . With the introduction of a new German shepherd puppy into the household , I remembered what a hard time I had the first go round with chewing . We bought this toy from a local store since it was last minute before going to pick up the puppy , but I 'll sure purchase many more -LRB- from Amazon , of course -RRB- now that I see how well it holds up and how much both my dogs like it ! I 'm sorry now that I waited so long to buy one in the first place !
 Besides the green stuff around it , the rest of the nylabone lasts for-ev-er . Still keeps my dog occupied so it must be good
 I bought this for my best friend 's Lab , he 's a big chewer . This bone keeps him busy for many days before it has to go in the garbage which is a plus because it 's not cheap to keep replacing it . Also , it keeps his teeth clean and white .
 She chews and chews this thing . It 's held up well and it 's her favorite go to toy after dinner when she settles in for the night . I 'd buy one again . Two in fact !
 My dog only chews Nylabone products ... she 's very particular . This is one of her favorites ... she 's a lab and loves to have something in her mouth at all times .
 Yes , if you have dogs like mine , you are always looking for bones that will not be destroyed in under an hour ... This bone definitely fits that criteria ... Both dogs like it ... so I give it two paws up !!!!
 I got this for my 9 month old boxer/Doberman/coonhound pup . It turned out to be too big . I thought he did n't like it , but I think it was just too heavy to be comfy for him to carry around -LRB- even though he was 55 lbs at the time -RRB- . He is now only 2 months older but already plays with it more . I imagine that he will p , ay with it even more as he gets bigger . If you 're on the fence about what size to get , I would go with the smaller . This may not be standard logic , but because of the weight and girth of this particular nylabone , I think it 's appropriate .
 I have purchased many Nylabones before for my Golden Retriever and my Chocolate Lab . This toy looked like a perfect toy for them , but my only concern was the green rubber overlay in the middle of the toy . I was concerned that they would be able to chew it off of the toy since it is softer than the other Nylabone Materials . I bought it anyway , and I am glad that I did . They have been playing with this toy for a long time now and the green rubber overlay is in perfect condition . They have not managed to chew it off . Since this toy worked for my dogs , I would recommend this toy for other medium to large size dogs .
 My dog loves this toy and has been chewing on it for weeks . He can usually chew through anything -LRB- wood steps , basketballs , tennis balls , toys , dog bowls , you name it -RRB- in a matter of hours . This has already outlasted his other toys combined !
 W have a golden retriever who does n't ever seem to stop chewing . He is a very aggressive chewer as well . We do n't know how he has any teeth left . This bone lasts about a month for him constantly chewing on it . The ends of this seem to be big enough that he can not get his mouth and teeth around it in order for him to really break it apart . After a while , he chews the very tips off and then it 's all down hill from there for the bone , but it still lasts about a month total . I buy these often and he absolutely loves them . I highly recommend this bone for aggressive chewers !
 I do n't know how my dog has teeth left . He is such a voracious chewer that he flies through bones . I have tried numerous nylabones and this is the first one that actually lasts about a month . I think it is difficult for him to get his mouth around the edges at the beginning . He does eventually get it to a point that the edges become something he can actually grab onto and then he pulls the ends off . At this point I have to take it away from him and give him another one . I highly recommend this bone for heavy chewers !
 This is for a large dog . This toy is high quality . Though my small dog likes the toy it is too big for him .
 This is durable and the variety of textures will capture the dog 's interest . This size is huge , so only for a big dog . Otherwise it is too heavy .
 This is the second time I purchased one of these . The dogs love it because it has different textures . I love it because it lasts ! This size is good for a large dog -LRB- lab , golden -RRB- .
 This bone was bigger than I expected . We have a medium sized dog , a 2 yr old sheppard mutt that really looks like a wolf . She 's about 40 pounds and she has so far ignored the bone . We think she might take to it later if she lost her favorites . She really liked the nylabone that looked like a regular shape dog bone in the medium wolf size . So we thought all the wolf sized bones were going to go over well , but this one is bigger . So , for those shoppers contemplating this bone , for the size and the price , it was a good deal . this could never work for a tiny or small dog -LRB- under 35 pounds -RRB- , but for the med to large group with big jaws , they should be happy . A medium sized pit bull over 40 pounds would be thrilled to get this .
 My puppy -LRB- Alaskan Mal , 8 mo. 80 lbs . -RRB- LOVES this . He just goes after the ends of it and carries it around . Works well and lasts . Love Nylabone products !
 Our Bull dogs LOVE these bones . Long time Nylabone fans they 've been making quality dog toys here in the United States for over fifty years.The nubs on the end of the bone age great for cleaning teeth and massaging bones . The center is softer but still holds up to even the toughest aggressive chewers . For whatever reason this is n't a &#34; favorite &#34; toy in the sense that they drag it around a few hours a day but they do play with it and we replace them when the ends start to shred - which should be done with all nylabone chew toys.The price on Amazon is virtually half the cost of the big box pet stores so it 's affordable - not to mention fun to replace their toys and try new ones often . Plus with a Prime membership almost every item we buy ships with Free two day shipping - making the deals even that much sweeter .
 I 've had small , medium and large dogs . This is the very best bone ever . Our current dog , who weighs in at 45 lbs . is a very strong chewer . She LOVES to chew this thing , it does n't have any odor , does n't disintegrate into a mess , and the last one lasted for 5 months ... yes really . Rather amazing . What more can I say ?
 A very impressive toy . Our dog can chew his way through virtually anything , and is more than happy to have one of these , instead . It lasts forever , it does n't chip or split , and our vet says that it 's a great toy for a dog to exercise his gums and keep his teeth clean . Definitely one of the best buys on the market -- it lasts almost a full year before it 's just to disgusting to keep . High recommended .
 This bone is probably too big and heavy for my medium size cocker spaniel . But I bought it anyway , because he was able to demolish the Nylabones that were labeled `` for medium dogs '' . He can still pick this one up and carry it around , but he can not fit an entire end into his mouth . Still , he loves it -- he 's greedy and relishes the fact that he has such a big bone all for himself . He even sleeps with it!I like it because of the fact that it does n't completely fit into his mouth . Due to this , the bone has lasted much longer than all the other Nylabones I bought him in the past . And because he ca n't shred this one , I do n't find sharp bit of Nylabone fragments everywhere and it does n't make his gums bleed either.I happy I found this and will continue buying oversized Nylabone toys for my dog !
 I have three dogs , only two of which like chew bones . And those two LOVE these Nylabone `` Double Action '' chew bones . In fact , they are on their third pair -LRB- one for each to avoid conflicts -RRB- . While they are no `` wolves '' , they are good sized boxer mixes -LRB- each around 50 lbs -RRB- & extremely hard chewers . And these bones last for months and months of heavy use . Eventually , they will wear through on one end or the other of the bones -LRB- the `` knobs '' on the end are very thick , but not completely solid -RRB- , and I throw them away & buy two more . They never seem to tire of them !
 My Rottie destroys toys of all kinds . Unbreakable , indestructible ... Forget it ! He can CHEW ! After a month , yes it looks gnawed , but the green band is still on it . It is his favorite toy to chew ! It is loud w hen he drops it on the floor as it weighs a ton . But he loves to chew it in his crate ! I highly recommend this for POWER or extreme chewers .
 I have 3 large Pitbulls who love to chew , and this bone is by far the best one I have found . The green center does come off , but the center of that is not hollow . This bone lasts about 3 months when all 3 have a go at it . I do recommend it !
 This is pretty much the only bone that stands up to our 50 lb pit bull 's chewing!Eventually , she gets bits of the green off & it 's time for a new one . But they last for months . She loves it !
 Probably her favorite toy . It is heavy yet she manages to walk around with it in her mouth like her prize . She -LRB- 57 lb . aggressive chewing golden retriever -RRB- works on it daily and it lasts a long time before it starts looking kind of nasty and unappetizing . Not one single instance of even a small to medium size piece coming off , nothing ever bigger than a piece of uncooked rice . I think it does help with scraping the teeth too.Her oral care routine is a little obsessive compulsive but it works . Nylabones , CET rawhide chews , and Petz Life citrus spray . Brushing is n't an option because of lack of patience by all involved parties.Great price on amazon as well .
 My 110 lb mastiff loves this toy , so much so that we got him a second one just to use when we take him to the in laws house . He destroys bones like it 's his job , and this one we have had for a little over a year now -LRB- with quite a few other nylabones on the ground -RRB- . This makes the bones last a little longer when they have a large variety to choose from every day !
 I 'm a fan of the Nylabone line of Dura Chews , and this is among my favorites . My dog -- an 80 lb retriever -- loves to gnaw on this bone with his side teeth . He does n't seem to touch the green center rubber as some other reviewers have noted . But he goes to town on the ends . After two weeks , the bone is still intact , although it does show some signs of wear . I 'd say this is a good product for heavy chewers , with the proviso that it -LRB- obviously -RRB- wo n't last forever.I 'm interested to try Nylabone 's other `` heavy chewer '' products after this one .
 I just got a little dog-a terrier cross who weighs fourteen pounds soaking wet . He is the most aggressive chewer I have ever owned . He goes through toys labeled `` Battle Tested '' and `` For Large Dogs '' in less than a day . Even worse , he swallows everything he bites off his toys . I did n't think a Nylabone would work for him because the really durable ones are so big but I was at my wit 's end so I got him this toy . He loves it-he will lay there chewing on it for half an hour at a time and so far all he 's managed to do is scuff up the ends a little . He also carries it around , despite its size , and sometimes even tosses it . He has a lot of fun with it and I finally have a toy he can play with .
 Great toy to let the dogs get their chewing urges out and it actually lasts ! Gets the job done and will not just be destroyed . Very durable !
 Great chew toy ! Lasts a long time and will keep you buddy busy for a long time . Our 85 lbs foxhound loves it !
 Product came quicker than expected . My dogs love them !! Having Great Danes , I need something they ca n't chew through immediately ! This fits the bill .
 Really good toy ! I own a English Bull Terrier and he loves this toy ! Really strong !
 We 've searched for and tried just about every chew toy for our four year old Golden Retriever and he has torn through everything with ease ... until this bone . He 's had this toy longer than any other and it 's quickly become his favorite . The other good news is that it has not developed any kind of nasty odor like many of the other toys we 've tried but has kept a pretty fresh scent to this day -LRB- and I know this because he drops it on my lap ten times a day ... -RRB- . As hard as he 's worked at it , he has not even been able to rip a tiny piece of the the thin green section off the center of the bone . I highly recommend this bone and just bought two more that should literally last us for the next year or more .
 My dog loves to gnaw on this and It has hardly shown any wear at all after 3-4 months .
 This is the only Nylabone my German Shepherd has given the time of day . The couple others he has lie around looking mostly new , but this one is seeing some real action -- I think he likes the shape and texture of the ends . I 'm glad I got it , as I 'd almost given up on Nylabones entirely . And I would n't care if it got destroyed as long as he was being entertained , but it 's holding up just fine to the jaws that can pop a tennis ball in a single chomp . Good chew toy !
 good product , great value including free shipping . It should last some time for my yellow lab .
 My dog can rip apart a sturdy plush toy in seconds but My husky loves to chew on this toy and it lasts weeks .
 Our eight month old lab is a big chewer . He has really loved this nylabone . And it has held up very well . If your dog seems to destroy any toy that you buy , this is the one for you .
 I have 3 labs , the smallest of which -LRB- Leopold , a lab/basenji mix -RRB- definitely qualifies as a ` power chewer ' . He destroys tennis balls in a matter of minutes , rips large Kong Wubbas apart as though they were paper , and murders stuffed animals with ease . This bone , however , has lasted since I got him in February . It was one of our first purchases and the look of happiness on his face while he chews on it is priceless ! Since his brothers can never get it away from him , I 've gotten 2 more . They are heavy and make a lot of noise when dropped on the floor , but that is a small price to pay for a chew toy which can actually be chewed on !
 We bought this product over a year ago and it is the ONLY toy left that has n't been ripped to shreds . I would recommend this product to puppy owners or dogs known to chew .
 Needed a replacement swing for my parrot.this was nicer than the one bird came with.very sturdy.made well.packed well and shipped fast .
 These work great . Come out of the box without having to assemble . Seem very sturdy .
 My Rottweiler is 13 years old , which is a quite a feat ! He has very stiff joints and was struggling to eat from bowls on the ground . He loves his new dining set , and sends the maker big wet kisses . I had trouble finding a feeder that had large enough dishes at a reasonable cost . This was perfect !
 My dog has an easier time eating now . No more bending way down and lifting his head to swallow . Love it .
 I purchased three of these items ! Two for my house and one I keep at my daughter 's house for when we visit . My dogs love them . The bowls are large -LRB- I fit my own ceramic bowls in the stainless steel dishes -LRB- my dogs do n't like the stainless steel bowls -RRB- . The product adjusts to various heights . It is very easy to clean . My dogs are happy because they are large and do n't have to bend to floor level to eat , which is better for their digestion . Happy dogs at meal time equal a happy owner ...
 I purchased the smaller posture pro stainless steel set for our cats and they 're great . I like that they 're inexpensive but look nice . The darker wood version goes with our furniture and since our kitchen opens directly to our living room , they blend nicely . They do n't scream `` pet food bowls '' .
 We knew this toy would be fun , but we had no idea how much the cats would become utter addicts ! One of our cats likes to hide in the room she 's not supposed to be in -- but she can hear this bubble gun from the other end of the house & comes right to it . No more hiding where she 's not supposed to be -- wherever the bubbles are , that 's where she 'll go . One of our cats stares at the bubbles , the other tries to eat them . Both are highly entertained & love it . It 's fun for the humans , too .
 These flakes have a strong seafood smell -LRB- ? I think ... -RRB- . Suggests to me that the quality is high . Fish likes it .
 Because the little dishes are so light weight , they `` clinked '' and `` clanked '' against the diner when my pug tried to eat out of them . This scared her and she jumped back from it . I cut off narrow strips of silver duct tape and taped them on the underside of the bowl rims . This felt like rubber padding under the rims . The bowls then sat `` quietly '' in place without `` bouncing '' around . I also got some rubber shelving stuff that I placed the diner on , like a placemat . This kept the diner in place , from sliding around . It all looks attractive now and is stabilized so that Priscilla eats and drinks out of it in comfort .
 Love this set , it makes my cat 's eating area so much cleaner and they seem to like it . It 's also nice and sturdy , great quality .
 Very good looking set . Durable . It does make a clacking sound when my dog tries to lick it clean , however , I would highly recommend this set . Very fast delivery .
 I love it ! It works great just how you see it that 's how it comes but more beautiful :-RRB- It 's perfect for a small size dog , I got this for my puppy and it 's great . Because of the bowl the ant 's do n't get in the water bowl or food which is a plus
 Since we leave our dog bowls out all day , I was looking for something nice but inexpensive . I wanted a raised diner with scroll work . I found all of the above in this product . If you have been investigating decorative dog bowls , you know that they can be very expensive . We have a bichon at home , and I bought this set because , although it is raised , it is not too high for her . I think the bowls are about 1 pint . I wish the bowls were a little bit larger so they would n't be as full , but the next size up -LRB- I think it is 1 quart bowls at a height of 6 '' -RRB- would be too tall for her to eat from comfortably . Overall it looks nice , fits the purpose , and did n't cost a fortune .
 I bought two of these for my cats and they love it . It makes reaching their food and water much easier . I do put styrofoam bowls on top of the silver bowl for thier food because the bowls are a bit deep and cats do n't like their whiskers tocuhing the sides when they eat . Other than that I love the design , height and quality .
 I have a rather large German Shepherd direct from Germany . He is so large that he is just shy of being a King Shepherd . So when my husband needed a perfect working collar when out on walks and such , we looked no further than Herm Sprenger Fur Saver . Trainers and other stores will sell these collars for ridiculous amounts . This was the best price I have been able to find and I searched a long time .
 This hammock is thick and large . Fits perfectly in my ferret and rat cages . I do agree about the plastic hooks being a pain , but I attacted metal clips to them and no worries . I wash and dry this in the machine and have had no problems so far.I would buy this product again !
 I read the reviews about these not holding up for cats , and I would have my doubts about them for that use because the straps are n't very thick . However , they are great for my pet rats . I usually order the small hammock when I need to replace hammocks , but this size was on sale and actually cheaper than the small ones when I made this purchase , so I decided to try them out . The rats love them ! A word of caution - these hammocks are huge in comparison to the normal-sized ones , so you wo n't be able to fit them in a small cage . I have the double level Critter Nation and hung one on each level . I would n't recommend attempting to hang these in a cage much smaller than the Critter Nation . At any rate , my girls love them . These hammocks are so large that when they all decide to sleep together in a `` rat pile , '' the hammocks do n't sag several inches and have rats hanging off the edges like the smaller hammocks did.If I got really nit-picky , I could take off a star for the clips , but for the price , I 'm not going to . The clips are hard plastic and it 's hard to unclip them when you want to wash a hammock or move it . I have had other hanging hammocks , sleep cubes , etc. , in the past that came with metal clips , and those are definitely easier to clip and unclip . Of course , those items were also far more expensive.All in all , I am very pleased with this purchase for my use of the product . I would be cautious with larger animals , though . The size is good for a cat ... just get yourself something with thicker straps to hold the weight and metal clips if you intend to remove it and wash it a lot .
 This was a gift for an animal rescue . They were in need of them so I purchased some for them
 I bought this for my cat last year when he was just a kitten . We own a large wire dog cage from Fleet Farm that we use for our cat when guests are over , and I hung it towards the top of the cage for him to have a nice cozy spot to sleep . Well , he took to it immediately . He is now 13 + pounds and a very big boy , and still sleeps in it every day . We keep the cage door open and he walks in and out of it throughout the day to sleep in his hammock . It comfortably fits his large size -LRB- although it does droop quite a bit -RRB- and it seems to be holding up just great . The fabric has stayed in great condition and the the clasps stay put . I 'm sure eventually it will wear out since he 's such a big boy , but I 'd happily purchase this product again from this seller once the time comes
 Made very well and my bigger bengal and the smaller one trade off . I am glad I made the purchase and recommend it .
 good size . sturdy , good weight . cats have enough room on this to relax . recommend to get as kittens so they are use to movement .
 I bought this for my cat 's cage , theWire Tower 3 Tier Small Animal Pet Cat Cage Pec-903 Whiteto add more interest and places to rest . Unfortunately , he does n't like being unstable and prefers solid footing , so we do not use the hammock as intended . -LRB- He is 8 lbs and quite tall , and had he liked the notion of a hammock , would fit into it well . -RRB- I clip the hammock , fleece side up , to one of the shelves to provide some cushion for him . It 's nice since it provides a non-slip surface for his cat bed . I might order another hammock in the future to cushion the top level of the cage as well .
 This hammock is awesome ! My two boys and one girl all cuddle up together in it - it is their new favorite place to sleep or even just lounge around . Its MUCH bigger than any other sleeper I have gotten for them , which is nice because they all fit in it EASILY.Theres only a couple cons I can think of . For one , you get sent whatever ramdom color they pick out -LRB- I always get the ugly ones ! Mine is a puke green color -RRB- . Second , because it is fleece , it wont last forever . My fuzzies love to dig in the fleece so I have to pull out the pieces they take off . However , I will definitely reinvest in another one of these once this one is worn out . Their favorite hammock ever !
 My three ferrets love these hammocks . Very comfortable and easy to use clips . I need to buy more of them . Three ferrets easily fit into one hammock .
 I saw these hammocks in the large pet cages at a local pet store . Many cats were laying in them and seemed to enjoy them . I looked and found this one and thought it would work in my cage from ProSelect . It does fit and is very well made but my cats -LRB- size 8 and 14 pounds -RRB- are just too big for it . I cut the clips and elastic off and they lay on it in their bed .
 I purchased this along with a cat playpen for a new kitten in our home . Turns out our older cat is the bigger fan . It supports her 10 lb . body just fine . I was slightly confused when I opened my package , as I was deliberately searching for a feline hammock ... The packaging on this item does not list a cat anywhere ... instead ferrets , rabbits and the like . Also on a downside note , I had n't thought of it until I was setting this up ... the straps on not adjustable -LSB- which can be a good or bad thing -RSB- ... it may be good , just because you do n't want movement if a pet is in the hammock ... but it was also difficult for me to make it fit in the pen correctly . I was either stretching it way too hard or it sagged to much . Eventually we found a happy medium ... just took time.The most important ... it 's sturdy for our cats and they like it . All good in my book !
 Cats love these hammocks and they 're absolutely perfect to have if you 're into cat rescue and happen to have cats in cages . Kittens especially seem to feel safe and surrounded in these . A great invention will be a way to rig these in the home for regular cat-owners whose cats are not in cages .
 The hammock is as described and priced reasonably . I feel certain it would work admirably in a cage or habitat for ferrets and similar critters . I returned mine because its description encouraged me to expect a more flexible and adaptable use -- under a chair for a cat -- but it was not to be.This product is well made and well packaged . I RECOMMEND IT for the use it purports to serve .
 This was bigger than I expected , which was good , considering it was for my stray kitten and her transitioning cage . She adapted to it well and since it hangs , it left more floor space for her .
 My ferrets a requite picky , and particular , but they love the new hammocks in their cage . Jumbo size is the best . Timely shipping as well .
 I bought this for my boyfriend 's ferrets , and they love it ! It 's big enough that they both sleep in it comfortably , with room to spare ! It 's held up pretty well -LRB- they 've had it for a few months now -RRB- , and they seem to love it ! Fast shipping and a good quality product . As a bonus , it 's cheaper than many other smaller hammocks out there . Overall a great deal .
 This item was purchased as a gift for an animal rescue group whose facility was robbed and several items stolen , they say their cats absolutely love sleeping in these hammocks !!
 I bought this because my guinea pigs kept burrowing under the fleece I use as bedding . I thought I 'd have to put them in there so they could get used to it before they would start using it on their own . However , I was n't even finished putting it in the cage before they climbed in . I 've had it less than 24 hours , but the bedding is mostly staying in place . They seem to love it a lot .
 I swear my sugar glider smiled when this was attached to her cage . She loves it ! Very soft and and well sewn . Reasonably priced and shipped fast .
 The rats have chewed the floor out of this thing , but they 've also stuffed it with fleece and redecorated . They love sleeping , napping , and grooming in there !
 It is a great product and lasted a long time . The only real problems i had were that the straps broke off in the wash , it was hard to get out the poo inside it , and the bedding stuck to it . Now , its no as bad as I 'm making it sound . I will buy more when i get the chance . Its not one of those products you get and say `` I wasted my money on this garbage ? '' its like a notebook
 I was hoping maybe my sugar gliders would navigate from the pouch to the tent , but they love their pouches . They love to hide and eat in the tent . The tent is very spacious and is awesome for the price .
 I bought this fleece tent for my three year old chinchilla , Smokey , after we had purchased him a new cage . The tent came with a leopard spotted design -LRB- very cute ! -RRB- . The bottom is lined with fleece , with a very solid and sturdy `` floor '' so that the tent does n't sink in when he steps into it . Would also work well for ferrets , rats , guinea pigs , etc. .
 I 've bought multiple beds and this is their favorite one . It 's much more affordable online than in the stores . All 3 of my ferrets pile into here comfortably .
 My Netherlands dwarf rabbit loves this ! Keeps him warm and feeling safe and secure . Know that it is on the smaller side so larger pets might not fit but ferrets and the like should be perfect . Definitely recommend !
 My male rat Bear likes this product from what I can tell . He will run into it when we are playing . I like how big and spacious it is on the inside but I wish the entrance holes were just slightly smaller . The only other complaint I have about this product is the floor design . It feels like a piece of cardboard is under it , it 's a little too stiff in my opinion , especially since the rest of it is kind of just there . But this product is fun and my ratite seems to like it a lot . So if he is happy I am happy . The clips were &#34; chew tested &#34; and they passed , the fabric is soft and seems to keep in just enough heat . I really like this product and recommend it to pet owners who have pets that like to be above the ground .
 They hammock is nice and my ferret really loves it . The only thing I 'm a little diappointed with is that I was not able to select my own color . The picture shows a purple hammock and that would have matched the cage perfectly , but I received a red hammock . Overall , it 's a great product .
 The collar works just as advertised . I keep 's my little dog within the boundaries that we have set for him . It 's great being able to let him out in the yard , knowing that he will be safe and not wonder off .
 I have bought many of these over the years and this works just as well as all the others . Great price by the way .
 It does what it is designed to do , after my group of dogs had gotten together and distroyed the orginal one , I replaced it with this one . Under ground fences are great , if you follow the directions -LRB- Yes put up the flags for a couple of weeks -RRB- . It keeps our boxers home , She has only gotten zapped twice and that was enough . If I was to pick on one thing , it would be that I never know when the battery is dead , but neither does the dog , so we both just wonder . Other dogs still come and visit the yard , but that does not do much in our neck of the woods . Generally my dogs just plays with them . I would recommend this method for friendly dogs and a big fence for the not so friendly ones .
 I purchased this to replace an above groung electric fence for our dogs . They rarely got close to that fence and now that is replaced w / this underground fence they still stay away from that area . I love not having to take the old fence down eveytime I need to mow .
 My labs play a little rough with each other and bite and pull at their collars so I was worried when one of our collars broke ... but this worked perfectly to replace that old one .
 Bought this for my dog when going to my brothers . I tested it myself -LRB- held in my hand -RRB- , and it gives a good jolt , but nothing that would really hurt the dog -LRB- just wake em up a bit -RRB- .
 I did n't want to build a fence to keep my dogs . The Innotek system works perfectly , once trained the dogs wo n't get near it . Alas , it does n't keep other dogs out so I ended up having to put up a fence .
 Works like the original collar , but although it includes both long and short metal prongs , it lacks the short plastic nuts that come with the original . We use those because our dog responds properly when the beeping starts and so never needs to actually be shocked -LRB- she does need at least the beeping , though , or she starts to forget where the boundaries are -RRB- . The metal prongs are long enough that they can irritate the dog 's neck if the collar is left on 24/7 . Acorn nuts from Home Depot do the trick for us , although I suspect they 'll rust eventually .
 Yep , it does what it is supposed to do . I have an older system -LRB- innotek 3000 -RRB- and it worked great with it .
 I purchased this system from walmart for my rottweiller 122 lbs . It works GREAT !!! Walmart does Not have the extra collars or the wire to purchase . I again am buying the same system because if something works and the company stands behind it you buy it again and TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS !!
 I bought this collar to replace the one from my old and discontinued Innotek HF-201 fence . Innotek no longer supports the HF-201 , but the customer service person at Innotek said this collar might work . The other option was that they would give me $ 25 off a new system , so I ordered this collar . It works with the old fence . The only reason it 's not 5 stars is that it is not rechargeable .
 This is a great product does everything it says i can leave my dog unatended for hours . I put wrong battery in by mistake 12v instead of 6v and fried it so have to re place it
 I am very pleased with the time it took to receive the receiver . The quality of the product was very good .
 One of my dogs is using the Innoteck shock collar already because otherwise he will climb fences and escape out of the backyard . The other dog I own is a Beagle , which also was a street dog who one day got closed to me , perhaps looking for a new owner.My neighbor is pulling down his fence and this dog will be free to escape when this happens , for this reason I have bought this additional shock collar . Of course , the reaction I guess will be different if this dog receives the elecric shock because Beagles make lots of noise . Still , after reading several customers reviews about Innoteck , I think that I 'm doing a good invesment and that my dogs will stay home instead of walking around the neighborhood without a leash.The installation of the wiring in my backyard is on the existing fence and another part under ground , and the shock collar works greatly in both scenarios . If the device starts to fail or does n't last long I will comeback to input an update , so far , this system works very well .
 This is a great product . I have 3 dogs and I can let them out without too much worry . Ca n't keep them safe from something or someone coming in but they wo n't leave the perimeter .
 Great prodeuct at a great price . We needed to replace both of our old units and was able to get two for the price of one at Amazon.com . Love saving some cash !!
 Great buy on a collar . Saved $ 40 instead of buying in store . Product worked with exiting Inotek underground fence . Our old collar took lots of abuse with 2 boxers and a rotweiler playing together .
 This is a replacement collar for an in ground electric dog fence . The product is great . Just wish it were waterproof so it would last longer .
 We had to replace our old collar after 4 years because the dog had tooo much fun in two feet of snow . I guess it shorted out . They are n't waterproof . Anyway received the new one quickly , put it on , and - no more walking the dog :-RRB- He is very well behaved when this thing is on .
 I would rate this product awesome . I have a very fussy little Chinchilla that would never go into a hammock . Well , I hung this up and in he hopped and loves it . It is cozy and sturdy and really great . The one thing I would love to see though , is when we place an order , if we were allowed to choose the color that we would get . I got a bright red one and everything else in my cage is blue and purple , so it would be nice if that option were available . But other than that I am extremely pleased with this product .
 We bought this for our chinchilla as it gets cooler in the house . The bed was neatly wrapped and was red in color . It seems as though you may get a random color if you order from this seller . It appears well-made and very warm . He immediately jumped in and started chewing on the plastic hooks , which may cause an issue down the road but we 'll see.Fast service , well-packaged . Very satisfied.EDIT
 My pets love this waterer . They like it much better then the more expensive kind with flowing water . This is my second one , for putting in another area.One of my cats loves to sit with his paws around it watching the bubbles ; I think he likes the moist environment.Other advantages are large capacity and ease of cleaning . No water pump to unclog and generally make your life miserable . The air pump sits at a distance of several feet ; in my case on the counter above the waterer .
 I have a finicky cat . She will not drink her water unless she is certain it 's VERY fresh , as she inspects it every time before she drinks . the constant bubbling of this watering system has done the trick . It stays clean and the full tank has lasted about a week for one cat . She has stopped trying to drink out of the sink , toilet , etc. because she has this wonderful ` fountain ' of her very own now . Great product and well worth the money .
 Our cats prefer the bubbling water because it stays fresher than a still bowl of water . It 's actually convinced them to drink more , which is good for their health . If your cats do n't drink as much as they should , try something like this . It 's also nice that you do n't have to fill a bowl as often.It 's definitely noisy , though , and a little hard to keep clean . Make sure you take it apart every time you refill it and scrub it down . If you do n't , you 'll start to get colored mold -LRB- depending on your water source -RRB- that wo n't be good for your cats .
 4 1/2 starsI greatly hesitated to buy a fountain because of the trouble -- cleaning , filters , etc. . This is SO easy !! Filling and cleaning are no trouble at all , and I do n't find the noise intrusive . I 've removed the tubing completely from the bowl and flushed it to remove blockages and popped it back in without sweat or tears . I 'm also VERY glad to have tubing and electric cord of a decent length , something manufacturers of fans would do well to copy.It took a week or so for them to get used to it , but it 's now MamaCat , the Ancient One 's , favorite drinking spot . Others have fallen in line to use it too . The only thing keeping it from a 5-star rating is the soft tubing from the pump to the bowl . This crowd tends to be extremely mouthy , and I 'm waiting for the day when the lack of bubbles means that the tubing has been chewed to pieces , not knocked loose from the bowl . I 'd prefer at least an option of heavy-duty tubing , or even protected tubing . I 'm amazed it 's made it this long , so who knows ? Maybe Petmate knows something I do n't and has somehow made the tubing less toothsome to the fur set.edit
 I bought this to replace my old Freshflow Fountain , which had died after four years of loyal service . Maybe I was lucky , but all 5 cats took to it very well and drink from it frequently . It 's a lot easier to clean than the FreshFlow because there are no tricky crevices for cat hair and gunk to get stuck in . There 's also no worry of the air pump breaking down due to low water levels because the air pump is separate from the water . The reservoir is also huge and it 's great to fill it up with filtered water and not worry about it for about a week . I recommend using only filtered water for this because 1 -RRB- there 's no built in filter and 2 -RRB- hard water will cause calcium build up in the little pipes and clog up the bubble holes.Most of my cats were used to bubbling water from the FreshFlow , so maybe that 's why they took to this fountain so quickly . Our kitten drinks from it , but it took her a long time to trust it and she still sometimes tries to drink from the toilet . If your cat has never used a pet fountain before , this might be a little intimidating .
 We ordered this type of watering bowl after going through three of the type that have a waterfall effect . They would only last a short time before they would not work anymore . So far we have had this one for over a month and we love it . Our cat loves playing in the bubbling water . It does make noise but I love it because it sounds like a fountain . Our cat was never afraid of it . It is also nice because it holds an enormous amount of water in it , so we are not putting new water in every few days .
 We bought the Bubbler because one of our kittens was drinking out of the fish tank and refused to drink from her bowl . It took her a little while to get used to the Bubbler , but now she likes it and is drinking more water . This product is very easy to use . Took less than five minutes to set up and is simple to refill and clean . Some of the reviewers complain that it is too loud , but we have n't experienced that problem . It makes about the same amount of noise as an air pump for a fish tank because that is what it uses for a motor to circulate the water . Bottom line
 Great product . High capacity for longer periods between refills . Pump is too noisy , but worth it for the results .
 This water fountain is great . My cats -LRB- a long hair and short hair tabby -RRB- were a little skeptical at first due to the bubbles , but got used to it in less than an hour . I love how much water it holds - I only have to refill it every week and a half or so . The air pump is noiser than expected but it 's no louder than the refrigerator so it 's easily tuned out . The only time I 've noticed it being too loud was when it got knocked on it 's side until I moved it right side up.The air nozzle knob that controls the air bubbles does n't seem to have a wide range of pressures and is stiff to turn . After finding a tolerable level for my cats , I left it alone to ease my frustration . Cleaning is a breeze -LRB- I just clean it with a regular soap dispensing brush -RRB- and I have n't noticed clumps of hair or food congregating in the bowl like I did with an ordinary standing water bowl . Overall , I think this product is perfect for anyone wanting to have fresher , cleaner water for their animals .
 I have had this water dish before and loved it but the `` tubing '' that delivers the bubbles breaks ! Well I sent for another one -LRB- the dish -RRB- because I liked it so much , and when I got the new one , the `` tubing '' was broke to start with . In all fairness , I contacted the company and they are sending me a new tubing right away . So if you can keep the tubing intact , you will love this bubbler ! :O -RRB-
 The product performs as promised and I really like the fact that the pump is not inside the fountain -- less chance of scaring my cat . On the other hand , the bubbler is very large -- almost 15 inches from back to front with a 1.5 gallon capacity . I 'd give this 5 stars if they made it in a smaller size .
 If I had a choice to buy this again or not , I definitely would . But I am disappointed because my cats are afraid of it if the pump is turned on . I use it without the pump , they are okay with that . If I had known the `` bubbles '' would scare them , I would have bought something designed like this without the `` bubbles '' . So the idea behind the water dispenser is great , without the bubbling .
 It 's not the most attractive pet fountain out there , but it works well enough . The first one that was delivered had a poorly molded plastic piece on the underside that leaked . However , I exchanged it and the new one works fine . It 's not loud , just a soft bubbling in the background like any indoor fountain . I 'm not sure if my cat will like it or not , but I felt like it was worth a shot . It seemed like a good price to try out a pet fountain .
 The Petmate Ultra Bubbler is well made . However , the bubbles scare our cats . The saving factor is that the bubbling action sounds very relaxing to us humans and , in the event we have to be away from the house for a very long time , this fancy water dish offers a reliable reservoir of water to hold our pets over until we return .
 This is great , my cats love it and I love it . It is easy to setup & clean and I do n't have to worry about checking the water dishes all of the time as it stores quite a bit of water in it . Also there are NO FILTERS ! This makes it like a one time buy . Just clean it up every once and a while and it will be in good shape for a long time . The cats were a little hesitant when it was first turned on but once they saw what it was they loved it and enjoy the fresh water , as most cats can be very picky about what water they drink . I have noticed that cats generally like flowing water , even if it is from a drippy sink facuet over a bowl of static water . Only gripe is that it does make noise , kinda like having a fish tank in the house ; but this can be overlooked as I do not mind the sound , as it is kinda soothing .
 This is the best electric water bowl we have ever owned for our pets and absolutely love it .
 The bubbler arrived very quickly . And was in great condition . Easy to set up and use . I have had it for over a month and my cat still has n't drank out of it . He has played in the water but seems to be afraid of it . So I put it down for the dogs to use since my cat was peeing in their water bowl and all are happy . I have given my cat a small tupperware bowl to drink out of for the time . Maybe he will learn from the dogs that it is ok to drink from it . Otherwise I will eventually buy something else for him to drink from like one that has water that trickles down like a faucet . That seems to be what he likes . I still think it is a good product , just not for my cat .
 It took my cats about 1 week to get used to this new watering system , but once they did they loved it . I do too since it is so much quieter than the previous one and cheaper too since it does n't require filters . It is easier to clean since it does n't have a lot of small spaces to try to get into . All-in all I 'd say it was a good buy .
 I am out of town every week for a couple of days . The Petmate Ultra Bubbler Watering system is perfect . It has a big enough tank to make fresh water available for several days . This system stays clean and is easy to clean compared to other pet water fountains . My three cats like the bubbles . I was thrilled to find this product on Amazon , it seems to get harder to find over the last year .
 I have n't had any issues of malfunction with my watering system . It 's easy to assemble and set up . I clean it about once a week . It 's not loud , in fact the bubbling is kind of pleasant . I know one of my cats enjoys watching it , and I ASSUME they are drinking from it because the water level goes down after awhile , but I have not actually SEEN them drink from it , and I 'm not sure if it encourages hydration as I hoped it would .
 I do n't have a lot to say about this bubbler but I can say that I received it as ordered and the bubbles are kind of nice to listen to . My cats like it fine even though at first they were a little put off by it . The one problem I had was where to put the little pump . If you do n't have it sitting in the right place it causes vibration that can be annoying .
 This system is great for cats because they like the bubbles and it stays cleaner water better . I will get a bigger one for my dog soon .
 My cat took a few days to warm up to the idea of drinking from a bubbling water dish but now likes it . My goal was to keep him out of the sink and tub ... that has n't worked completely , but I 've seen an improvement . The knob that adjusts the level of the bubbling does n't work too well so the bubbles are very small and too few . This is fine for my cat but others may want more .
 It definately bubbles ! My animals took about a week to get used to it but they enjoy it now . The nozel to adjust bubble flow did n't work just as past reviews stated and it is a bit noisy . Otherwise I am happy with the amount of water it holds , how it keeps the water fresh and it 's ease of use .
 I first bought another brand of these called the Drinkwell . With the optional resevoir and cleaning kit and with shipping it cost me $ 70 . The Drinkwell has a relatively loud pump noise that comes from under the bowl part which spooked the cats the first few days -LRB- ands drives me nuts so I have to unplug it at night even though it 's three rooms away from my bedroom -RRB- . but once they got over the noise , the cats loved it so much that I would have liked a second -LRB- I have multiple food/water stations -RRB- but the price made that impossible.The other day I was at my local grocery store and they had this Bubbler for $ 14.99 . I could n't believe it and snatched one up.Let me say , this one is not only considerably cheaper , but holds more water than the Drinkwell , is easier to clean than the Drinkwell and is quieter than the Drinkwell . I so regret spending that much money on the Drinkwell now.The Bubbler air pump is not in the bowl , it connects to it by a hose so the little bit of noise from it is far enough away as to not spook the cats . The noise it does makes reminds me of those water fountains people put in their homes now , it 's just the sound of air bubbles in water . There 's only two pieces , the bowl and tank , and both go in my dishwasher.The Drinkwell , has multiple parts , plus you have to clean the pump itself , and buying the cleaning kit is a must to get into the corners and angles that are all over the various pieces . Plus the Drinkwell uses filters which have to be changed . No filters in the Bubbler.I take in strays and have 14 cats at the moment . I so wish I have found the Bubbler first so that I could have bought one for each feeding station I have rather than have spent so much on one Drinkwell .
 After doing tons of research on many different models , I bought the Bubbler . Many of the other product reviews talked about difficulty of cleaning and the necessity of keeping the water at a certain level . I personally do n't believe that water filtration is a big deal . Cats just want water that tastes fresh and is reasonably clean . Within minutes of the arrival of the Bubbler , I had it up and running . The water tank is large and holds a great deal of water . This is important if you have more than one pet drinking out of it . Right away , my cats were attracted to the sound . One of my cats sat beside it and played with the water for 20-30 minutes . The reason I started looking for this product is that my tabletop water fountain died and my cats had always got their drinks from it . The Bubbler makes a lovely little bubbling sound very much like my table top fountain . Because of its placement in my kitchen , all of my 3 cats and 3 dogs drink from it . It is easy to clean and disassemble and reassemble . I believe the tank and reservoir can be placed in the dishwasher if desired . I like the fact that I do n't have to fill it every day . Plus , since the pump is separate from the water , you do n't have to worry about the pump burning up when the water is low . I have found nothing to complain about . I would recommend this to any one without reservation .
 The jug is big enough that it lasts for over a week with 4 cats . The cats have never been scared by the bubbling sound . Two of our cats are Bengals and though they love to play in water they have n't really played much with the Bubbler , which is fine with us . We were looking for something that would provide a reasonable alternative to stale water dishes and this is it . It is simple , too.A word of caution , though : I broke the valve that is used to regulate the bubble action when I was setting it up . I pulled the valve out and hooked it up directly to the pump . Its fine and as I said , the cats are n't afraid of it . We recommend it , but be careful of the valve , it 's pretty primitive and does n't offer much adjustment . I tried to turn it too far and split the valve .
 After having the filter type pet water fountain , I was looking for something that was easier to keep clean , and less expensive to maintain . After reading the reviews I decided to give this one a try . There were a couple of reviews that made me feel a bit cautious , but after some thought I decided to move forward with the purchase anyway . These fountains are really great for keeping pets hydrated . I 've had the fountain for over a month now . It works great . I have not had any of the problems the other reviewers mentioned . It 's been very easy to keep clean , and it 's not extremely noisy . My cats are enjoying it and drinking more which is what I wanted ; so I 'm one happy pet owner .
 I have 3 cats and have owned the other brand named pet fountain with the filtration system . I gave up on it after the constant cleanings , and the cat hair in the water and filter . The motor burned out I think because the water level was low.The bubbler took my cats getting used to . It makes more noise than the prior fountain but after 3 days they have adapted and enjoy it . One cat sleeps right next to it . I think he enjoys the sound of it -LRB- like a brook running water -RRB- . I highly recommend this product . It was easy to set up , the water tank needs filling about once per week , and it 's easy to clean .
 This is a nice product . At first my cat was a little scared of the bubbles , hey I would too . But he came around , and it keeps his water freasher and less stagnant . It 's easy to clean.My only gripes : It 's a little bigger than I thought , but that 's ok.The tube to make the air bubbles kinda protrudes out the back -LRB- so it ca n't sit flush against the wall , and I 'm afraid i might break it -RRB- . It does n't take batteries , it does need to be near a wall outlet.The knob to adjust the bubble strength , does n't work ... or maybe it does but the knob is cheap plastic and I 'm afraid if i turn it too hard I might break it.Overall , it does what I wanted and my cat loves it .
 Siamese loves it , Orange tabbys like it a lot , grey tiger likes it enough ! No more dishes or bowls to change . This thing works for a full week before needing to be thrown in the dishwasher . Yes you heard right . This thing is dishwasher safe !!! To those cat owners whose cats appear reluctant to drink out of the fountain , I say this ; Do n't give up ! When the cats get thirsty enough they will drink ! And after that first drink , they will be fine . My Siamese was finicky after first seeing it , but after a day of not drinking , he noticed the other cats drinking from it . He waited until noone was around and slinked up to it and touched the surface with his paw . He has been loving it ever since .
 MY CATS LOVE THIS WATER BOWL AND SO DO I. GREAT PRICE , I DID N'T PAY SHIPPING AND IT ARRIVED THE NEXT DAY . IT WAS SUPER EASY TO PUT TOGETHER AND I HAVE HAD IT RUNNING FOR A WHILE WITH NO PROBLEMS , ITS ALSO VERY EASY TO CLEAN AND REFILL . MY CATS LOVE IT BECAUSE ITS FRESH WATER AND IT MAKES A SOOTHING BUBBLING SOUND LIKE A WATER FOUNTAIN . SINCE CATS ARE NOT BIG ON DRINKING TONS OF WATER LIKE DOGS , BECAUSE THEY GET MOST OF THERE HYDRATION FROM WET FOODS , THE WATER LASTS A LONG TIME SO YOU DO N'T HAVE TO KEEP FILLING IT . THE UNIT IS ALSO NOT HUGE AND DOES N'T TAKE UP A LOT OF SPACE , ITS AS BIG AS THE 5 GALLON LE BISTRO WATER BOWL . ONCE YOU SET UP THE HOSE AND PLUG IT IN , YOU NEVER HAVE TO TOUCH IT AGAIN . THAT PART HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE FILLING AND CLEANING OF THE RESOVOIR . NEEDLESS TO SAY , THIS WAS A GREAT BUY AND I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT . DO N'T BOTHER WITH THE EXPENSIVE COMPLECATED WATERING SYSTEMS WITH FILTERS AND STUFF , THEY ARE WAY TOO MUCH WORK .
 This product is fantastic ! No filters , no mess and my cat is drinking more water . I absolutely love it !
 I have 6 cats , and they LOVE it ! :-RRB- It is fresher and healthier for my babies . A + + + + + + + product !
 I ordered this to try and discourage my `` water sprite '' cat from splashing in their water dish . It seemed like she was doing it so she could `` see '' where the water was so I thought if I used this to dispense their water , the bubbles will make it easier for her to see the water level , hopefully discouraging her from putting her paws in it.I had tried other pet fountains in the past but the filter mechanisms always clogged so easily and they always got dirty very quickly . This appealed to me because it does n't have a suction pump and does n't circulate the water , it just makes bubbles to aerate the water.Assembly was very easy , just connect the air tube to the pump on one end and the valve at the back of dish on the other end , fill the dish and reservoir with water , push the reservoir tank in place and plug in the air pump.After reading other reviews , my only concern was whether or not my cats would actually use it with the bubbles and the sound of the air . They were a bit suspicious at first , slowly sneaking up to it on their bellies , stretching out their necks to sniff at it while keeping a safe distance . But it was n't more than a few hours that the first one deemed it non-threatening enough to give it a try and the rest followed suit shortly thereafter.They have been using it for a few weeks now and her splashing has significatnly decreased . Between the dish itself and the tank on the back , the water lasts about four days -LRB- I have six cats in my brood -RRB- . When the tank is almost empty , I wash the entire thing - dish and tank - and refill it . I have moved the location of the dish from the floor -LRB- was getting a lot of hair floating in it since it did n't need to be washed and filled every morning -RRB- to the corner of the coutertop taking up a space that had previously been wasted space.The only thing that prevents a five-star rating is the functionality of the air-flow valve dial . It is difficult to turn and does n't really seem to do what it 's intended to do . I think it 's supposed to raise or lower the pressure of the air , hence creating more or less `` bubble action '' , but in my experience , once I 'm able to turn it , all it does is move the bubbling from right-side-only , to left-side-only , or both sides together . It just would 've have been nicer to be able to lower the air pressure in the beginning to allow them to get used to it first.Overall , I am pleased with the product and would recommend it to anyone looking for a similar product .
 This is our second bubbler because the first one just plain wore out . I really like the way it keeps the water bubbling and feel it 's good for our cats to keep oxygen flowing through their drinking water . Luckily our cats are pretty open minded and do n't seem to care either way as long as there 's water available.Normally these are a piece of cake to put together , however , I took this piece out of the box and the oxygen tube broke while removing it from the base . Petmate was called who immediately said they would send another piece , no problem . Nice . Using the piece from our original bubbler , I went ahead and filled the new one so we could start use immediately . I came back later to find water all over the floor - the base had a leak in it . Now I was irritated - called Petmate and the customer rep was VERY nice and sympathetic and said she 'd send out a new unit ASAP . Great customer service can certainly calm down an angry consumer !! This unit seems a little more noisy than our first one , but it quickly becomes white noise and we do n't even notice is already .
 We have 3 of these watering stations for our cats both at home and the office ... would n't be without them . The cats enjoy the bubbles and the aeration keeps the water fresh . .
 My diabetic cat doesnt ask for much . . but he persisted in drinking dirty water from the fountain in front of my house . which is why I knew the bubbler would make him happy.I had bought one a long time ago in Petsmart , whenthey didnt carry it anymore I found it online at SmartHOme . AT first after handcleaning it wouldnt bubble , but miraculously it started again , and in the meantime I kept the replacement they ordered for me under their warranty for safe-keeping .
 I have had the bubbler for about 8 months . Past month very little bubbles . so I cleaned the valve by soaking in alcohol.would be fine for a day and then very little bubbles . I recalled review where person broke the valve and connecteddirectly to the air pump . best thing that happened . I tookout the valve and connected directly . now bubbles galore.I have a male 8 months old balinese siamese . He likes a lotof bubbles . as rec . by my vet I use only distilled water.of course if your pet does not like a lot of big bubblesyou will have to use the valve .
 *** UPDATE *** It 's been four months since I received this product . The hose has cracked and broken in four different spots . They could easily have turned hazardous for any pets . It could be fixed easily by going and buying some new hose , but I do n't think it 's worth it . The bubbling seems like a good idea at first , but to be honest I do not think it makes any difference . The dogs did n't drink any more and the water would n't have really been any cleaner since I still refilled it and cleaned it almost every day . That being said ... I will still continue to use it . Just with no bubbles . I took the hose out and it is now just a normal waterer . If I could I would bump it down to 3/5 stars . I would still recommend it to people because it is about the same price as any of the normal water bowls that have a jug over them . It 's very stable . I have two rottweilers and they never managed to knock it over . It also holds a good amount of water.I decided on this instead of a normal watering thing because of the bubbles . The one I got puts out a pretty decent amount of air bubbles . The pump is not loud at all . I do n't know why some reviews said it was ... I have two rottweilers and they both took to it pretty quickly . At first they were a little bit apprehensive about the pump and bubbles , but within a few hours they are drinking out of it fine . Every time they go near it and sniff around or drink I have been praising them . It is also very easy to clean . My only complaint is that the pump has to go behind it . I think it would have been better if they had put a little compartment underneath the water tank . Overall I think it is a good product and I would recommend it to most people .
 I am THRILLED with this bubbler ... no costly filters that get gross and gunky within a week . And , since the pump is not in the water , it does n't need to be cleaned either . Holds at least a week 's worth of water for both of my cats and they love it . The first night they were a bit scared , like they are with anything new , but by the time I got home from work the next day , they 'd already make friends with it and drink more than ever . It does n't get dirty , though dishwasher safe , and is a snap to fill with more water . Could n't be happier !!!!
 We have 4 cats who love moving water . We have had smaller water fountains before , but none of the others have kept the water fresh and available for several days . This one provides water for 5-7 days for our cats . It is easy to fill and clean .
 This is the best bubbler . It holds a TON of water and the bowl is nice and big . I bought a different one after I broke the T tubing on the old one . It was a TOTAL waste of money . I will be ordering another one of these . I wish there was a way to order the T tubing but it 's worth it because it 's a great bubbler .
 We purchase and replace this on a yearly basis . Our two cats really like it . We do n't mind the noise .
 I had an animal planet pet bubbler -LRB- spent $ 25 or 30 -RRB- . It had one central bubbler/fountain . The cats loved it . The motor stopped working so I bought a beautiful $ 80 drinkwell ceramic pet fountain . Cats would not go near it and the bubbler was too high for them to reach . So then I bought this Petmate ultra bubbler -LRB- $ 25-30 -RRB- . It does not have central bubbler fountain and the cats are just not interested . It is nice and the motor sits outside so less chance of corrosion . However , there is no central fountain with the bubbler . It is just bubbles . The cats just walk by it . Amazingly , after much scrubbing and a rest , the animal planet motor started working again and the cats are drinking from that bowl again . I still have the Petmate bubbler set up because it really is nice , was reasonably priced , and I was hoping in time the cats would use it . However , since several months have now passed , it is not looking too likely . Perhaps it is more a function of whatever the cats got used to first , and not a reflection on the Petmate bubbler .
 I was very skeptical that my cat would actually use this bubbler since he is an outdoor cat and not normally amused by cat toys , etc. . He is extremely cautious which has been demonstrated by living to 15 years old in a coyote neighborhood . After a day or too , however , he did consent to use the bubbler , but only on the lowest bubble setting . If he will use it , I expect most cats would . The bubbler was simple to set up and to is easy to clean and refill . So all is good .
 I could not ask more out of this watering system . It is easy to clean with no little nooks and crannies that require special brushes to reach . Its easy to maintain since it does n't require expensive filters and best of all the cats love it !
 The bubbler arrived quickly and was easy to assemble . It has been in constant use for two months now . I have had no problems with it at all . Originally , I purchased it for use when I would be out of town . My cats were a bit fearful the first few seconds after turning it on but they were soon perching on top of it and then playing IN it ! The first day it was in use I thought it was leaking because there was water all over the floor . I cleaned up and kept a closer eye on it . Turns out my two monkey cats were splashing each other ! I can not imagine turning it off now . I always know there will be fresh water available for the girls . AS for noise , it does hum and there is the sound of water bubbles . It is no more noise than I expected and is very tolerable . This was money well spent !
 Easy to set up , and worked as promised -LRB- although the bubble adjustor did n't change the bubbles at all -RRB- , however , my cats were totally uninterested and never would drink out of it . They did not appeared to be scared , just disinterested . For that reason , I returned it .
 Nice dispenser , easy to clean and refill . A little louder than I thought it would be . My kitten was n't as keen on it as I thought she would be since she loves moving water , but she has adjusted well -LRB- after chewing the air tube in half ! -RRB- It still works fine even with a shortened air tube !
 This is great !! It holds a lot of water so I do n't have to refill it often . I have 3 cats . I fill it maybe every two weeks . Easy to clean and refill !
 My cats and I love the Bubbler ! It keeps the water circulating instead of sitting stagnant . A beneficial product for the price .
 My cats love this watering system and the large reservoir means I only need to refill it every two weeks or so . If only it were stainless steel instead of plastic ! The plastic that is n't constantly under water gets rough and attracts dust that just does n't come off . For the price , replacing it is not a big deal , and I get years of use before that is imperative .
 This was so easy to put together and if i ever need to replace the tubing that is super simple . My furkids -LRB- cats -RRB- did not take long maybe 2/3 days to notice and start drinking from it . I just cleaned it for the first time which I would recommend for freshness every 3/4 days and everything has been super easy . The fact that my furkids started drinking from it in a couple days amd have their other awesome standing water supply is wonderful . I would not be without this - it is super effective and easy . I wanted to add that for the most part now they ignore their standing water supply and go for the Bubbler they absolutely love it now . I would suggest that you have a wipe off mat under it , but i think there should always be a mat under their food/water - makes it easier for us humans . If the tubing ever wears out get some fish tank tubing - super easy and really they do drink more water ! Before I bought this i read the reviews - but I am saying this is so much easier than anything I have used before and I really reccomend this .
 My cats were not too sure about the bubbling at first . But they quickly got used to it and really seem to love it.It does not clog like the last recycling water dish I got -LRB- the black ceramic one with a submerged pump -RRB- . This seems to work really well and of course provides fresh water my cats need and love.I highly recommend this to anyone trying to decide on a recycling water bowl .
 I should have started at AMAZON instead of ending up there . This is exactly what I was looking for .
 I gave 4 stars only because I have had the bubbler for about a month and I do n't think my cat has had a drink from it yet , a scaredie cat I guess . I guess the bubbles scare my cat
 Over the last two years we went through 3 other water fountains for our 3 cats . Our previous three were the Petmate Deluxe , Drinkwell Platinum and Drinkwell 360 . All are difficult to clean , hold varying amounts of water , get slimey fast , require filters to buy , require special brushes to clean , etc. . This just works . Sooooooooo much easier to clean . There are only two parts . The tank and the reservoir . The whole bottom comes off tank like a Tupperware lid for very easy cleaning . Or just toss in the top shelf of dishwasher . The pump is a little gimp and the hosing seems cheap . When the pump burns out , I 'm just going to buy a nice for an aquarium . I would paid $ 5 more for a better pump and hose . Make sure you keep pump level . Includes about 36 '' of tubing .
 I once tried one of those other ones and it was a huge pain in all the ways everyone says . So far though I 'm very glad I happened to see this on clearance at Petsmart for 24.99 . I have always wanted to get a fountain for my cat but I figured they would all be a waste of money like the first one I tried . Anyway , I have only had this for about a week , but so far this is why I 'm very happy with it
 This is n't really a fountain because it just bubbles air into the water , but that is part of what is good about this . The pump is housed separately , so you do not need to clean the pump . Cleaning by hand or in the dishwasher is a snap and the shape does not have any nooks or corners where bacteria congregate or that are difficult to clean . The Bubbler is also made in the USA , so I do n't have to worry about as many toxins in the plastic . At first our 3 guys did not drink out of it . We removed the reservoir thinking that maybe it got in their way because our guys like to drink out of wide flat things -LRB- removing the reservoir is a perfectly workable set-up because the base has a pretty good size capacity on its own -- plus you really should change their water everyday , not just add to it -RRB- . However , removing the reservoir still did not induce drinking . Finally , we figured out the connector piece for the air line has a valve , and we decreased the bubbling craziness -LRB- it is loud if you have it on high -RRB- . Obviously we should have read the instructions so we would have known about the valve earlier . We have it set pretty low now , and it hardly makes any noise , and all 3 cats are drinking from it regularly . We have one cat with FLUTD who concentrates his urine and needs to drink more , so our drinking set-up is as follows
 Giving mine away as my cat just passed . Worked perfect for the year I 've owned it . Depending on where you place the small air compressor will determine the noise vibration . Set the pump on a small piece of soft cloth and that did the trick .
 I looked at a bunch of different watering systems for my animals , but this one seemed to have the most capacity , and seems to be the easiest to clean.I have 3 cat 's and 1 dog , and I wanted to have something that would hold a few day 's worth of water , so if I had to go out of the town I would n't have to worry . Plus with having so many animals , I wanted something that would be easy to clean . A lot of the other system 's you seemed to have to buy special tools or items to clean all the parts . With this one , the water tank is easy to scrub out and so is the bowl part . And if the tubing get 's nasty , you can buy replacement tubing cheap in the fish section of any store -LRB- it 's the same tubing for air pumps of a fish tank -RRB- . Overall I am really liking it , my only warning is make sure you press the lid really hard on the tank or you 'll have some spillage , but other then that it 's greatAnd my animal 's like it , took them a few day 's to get used to the bubbles , but now they seem to enjoy them -LRB- one of my cat 's like to sit next to it and smack at the bubbles -RRB- I think I 'm going to buy another one so there 's not a line to get to it in my house .
 When the package arrived , I opened the packing box only to discover the Petmate Ultra Bubbler box had been opened as well . Fortunately all the parts were there and the contents did n't seem disturbed so I did n't take off any stars.The unit itself works fine . Setup is a breeze and the tank is easy to fill . One word of advice
 My cats are weird so the fact that they finally accepted the Cat Bubbler was a great relief . It keeps their water fresh and they seem to find some entertainment in it . Pleased with product and delivery time .
 I 've had this about a month so far . The air pump has to be located just right or it , s noisy . The pump ca n't be touching anything . The inside of the air tubes is already showing signs of some sort of build-up . The water in the dish does look cleaner .
 i love the dog bubbler . i know it is advertised for cats , and my cat likes it but the dogs love it . of course it takes some getting used to , they were all a little scared at first , but it is the most quiet pump i ever had , it keeps the water fresh , cold and healthy . cleaning it is easy , the refilling of it could have been designed better , but it holds enough water for a week for 3 small dogs and a cat.for the price , it is great . it cost way more in the pet stores , so buying it on line is the cheapest way to go .
 Well , my ferrets absolutely LOVE this . As soon as I set it up they all ran to drink from it . The water is clean and inviting ! They especially like the bubbles because they continue to stick their noses into them as they drink ! Wonderful product ! : D
 I thought my cats would love this item because they love to drink from the faucet . And the other reviews were mostly favorable . It is easy to clean , and it 's nice that it holds quite a bit of water . That being said , my cats do n't love it as much as I thought they would . The pump does n't circulate the water ; it pumps in air making the water bubble . I think they 'd prefer a fountain that really circulates the water . I 'm going to let my dog try it next .
 I bought this because it does not use a filter - previous fountains would get smelly mildewed filters after a week or less , even with constant cleaning of the fountain & pump . So , the filter-less action and pump that is n't submerged are definitely positives . It also holds plenty of water to last if I am not home for a few days , and it is very easy to clean & dissemble/reassemble . However , mine barely bubbles , certainly nothing like I expected . Every once in a while , a short stream of tiny bubbles will come out of a single hole in the tubing . Other than that - nothing . The air pump makes a little more noise than I 'd like - it vibrates audibly even on a soft surface . Slightly annoying sometimes but bearable.I am keeping the product & may try some modifications to the tubing myself . Even if the bubbling never works as I 'd hoped , it 's still a decent water bowl , & it 's wide enough that my cat can drink out of it without sneezing . It also seems to stay cleaner longer than the fountain I had before - there is n't any slime or scale build-up at all .
 Product works well . Had a little trouble getting our cat used to the bubbles in the water , but now she drinks out of it fine and sometimes attempts to `` bite '' the bubbles .
 I have 4 little dogs and they love the freah water , it took a little time for them to get use to the bubbles , but now they enjoy their drinks .
 It also took my cat several weeks before he drank out of the bubbler . He started off a little scared , and then he wanted to play with the water , and now he is drinking normally out of it . In the beginning , I would unplug it so he could get used to drinking without the motor on , and that seemed to help .1.5 gallons is a bit large for one cat , so I recommend only partially filling the tank.Now my cat seems to really enjoy it ! It 's also very easy to clean !
 You may as well buy this over a drinkwell or the other plastic fountains for the price . However , the motor is VERY loud , and it becomes even louder as the water runs lower.Filling the reservoir is easy , and we 've had no operational issues with it at all . The major downside is the noise and it gets a nasty film in the bowl and along the water line where the reservoir sits within the bowl.We 've tried all of the other plastic variations of fountain water bowls at one time or another , and none are really any better than this one . However , one to absolutely avoid is the CatitCat It Fresh and Clear Small Drinking Fountain - Cat It 50053 - if the power goes out they can not get to the water , as it sits below the lip of where it flows when turned on -LRB- look at the picture to see what I mean -RRB- . We 're going to give a ceramic fountain bowl a try and see if it is any better , but if not this is the plastic version we 'll likely return to .
 One of our kitties was a little afraid of the bubbles , but now has gotten used to it . I do believe they drink more water with the bubbler and it is very easy to clean .
 We got this for our cockatiel , it 's a great cage , well made , perfectly thought through as far as doors and locks and food bowls , etc.She loves it , although took her few days to get used to it , the extra perch on the top is a fabulous idea cause it has separate food and water bowls . We do n't have seeds all over the floor anymore because of the seed guard . We can wheel it around easily . It 's heavy duty and fabulous . I ordered the white , but it 's more of an off white which works perfectly for us .
 Love the look of this cage . It is a very efficient home for my bird . There were only two small problems . One , the top portion of the cage was bent a little , but not noticeable . The second issue was that the holes on the top perch were not completely open and we ca n't store one of the feeding dishes up there . It was easy to put together .
 I love the design and look of the cage . It 's durable and for a great price . I went to petsmart today and saw the same cage for $ 399.99 .
 This large & sturdy cockatiel cage is very well made , more than big enough for my 2 tiels , providing them ample room for all their toys , bathing and nesting areas . They were very happy with their new home and love the play area on top ! The cage was easy for me , a petite woman , to put together , and comes in many colors . I chose a color that matches my decor perfectly ! The seed guard keeps the area as clean as possible around their cage . It rolls easily on the caster wheels , and I like the locking feature to keep them safe when my young grandson is around . This cage has all the features that I have been looking for in a new cage .
 GreetingsLooking for a birdcage for few parakeets or a large birds , I believe this is a good one . I had been searching for one and finally decided to buy this one although I did not buy from Amazon as wall mart had better price , that given day and I had to pickup from a close by location as well.Pros1 . Nice large cage with several color options , mine is off white2 . Two positions , in the cage and outside with ladder with two containers for food and water at both locations3 . Ample room for perches case you have too many birds , I have two small and would be adding another two in couple of weeks4 . Ample room for small birds to fly aroundCons1 . The side tilted guard is supposed to snugly fit to the cage to let all the spoils go right in the cage - too bad even after so many adjustments I could not make it happen - bad design2 . My biggest but not as bad is - extremely poor paperwork/guide along with the cage . I had to use my engineering and imagination to put it together and that took major time , 20 minutes . Once understood it was piece of cake . I did use my power driver at small torque setting to put it together though -LRB- fairly comfortable with power tools -RRB- Other thoughts
 The cage is very nice ! However i wish i would have purchased a little larger cage for my small macaw ! But he only sleeps there at night , so it is good . Putting the cage together by myself was very frustrating ! It did not take minutes as reported ! A few choice words were said , as the assembly was progressing !!!!! The cage is nice , but i purchased a cage from Avian Adventure last year and the quality was much better ! Assembly was much better , only took minutes . A liitle extra price was worth the purchase !
 This product is very nice . But Is missing a plastic thing on one leg , the one to hold the wheel . Thanks
 GreetingsLooking for a birdcage for few parakeets or a large birds , I believe this is a good one . I had been searching for one and finally decided to buy this one although I did not buy from Amazon as wall mart had better price , that given day and I had to pickup from a close by location as well.Pros1 . Nice large cage with several color options , mine is off white2 . Two positions , in the cage and outside with ladder with two containers for food and water at both locations3 . Ample room for perches case you have too many birds , I have two small and would be adding another two in couple of weeks3 . Ample room for small birds to fly aroundCons1 . The side tilted guard is supposed to snugly fit to the cage to let all the spoils go right in the cage - too bad even after so many adjustments I could not make it happen - bad design2 . My biggest but not as bad is - extremely poor paperwork/guide along with the cage . I had to use my engineering and imagination to put it together and that took major time , 20 minutes . Once understood it was piece of cake . I did use my power driver at small torque setting to put it together though -LRB- fairly comfortable with power tools -RRB- Other thoughts
 Great product ! Sturdy , safe , well made . Its a great size for my small Amazon parrot -LRB- who spends most of his day outside his cage -RRB- also good for smaller birds . It was shipped within a day and received it within a few days . I highly reccommend this product !
 This product is everything it said and we love it . It 's a great buy at $ 170.00 . Every other website we looked at it was over $ 200 . Some assembly required but well worth it . Was delivered in a very timely fashion . Very recommended .
 At first i was hesitant to purchase this cage . But I am so glad I did ! Amazon has the best price compared with Petsmart and Petco -LRB- over $ 200 -RRB- . The color is `` garnet red '' and matches perfectly with my house ! One of the trays was slightly damaged but it is the at the very bottom of the cage and is unnoticeable . I like that the top play area has a pull-out tray for easy cleaning . It took me about an hour to assemble but it was definitely worth it ! It is the perfect size and shape . My cockatiel loves his new home !
 GreetingsLooking for a birdcage for few parakeets or a large birds , I believe this is a good one . I had been searching for one and finally decided to buy this one although I did not buy from Amazon as wall mart had better price , that given day and I had to pickup from a close by location as well.Pros1 . Nice large cage with several color options , mine is off white2 . Two positions , in the cage and outside with ladder with two containers for food and water at both locations3 . Ample room for perches case you have too many birds , I have two small and would be adding another two in couple of weeks3 . Ample room for small birds to fly aroundCons1 . The side tilted guard is supposed to snugly fit to the cage to let all the spoils go right in the cage - too bad even after so many adjustments I could not make it happen - bad design2 . Side walls -LRB- right and left from front -RRB- of the cage is not as strong as front and back as in not the same gauge3 . My biggest but not as bad is - extremely poor paperwork/guide along with the cage . I had to use my engineering and imagination to put it together and that took major time , 20 minutes . Once understood it was piece of cake . I did use my power driver at small torque setting to put it together though -LRB- fairly comfortable with power tools -RRB- Other thoughts
 My bird & I are super happy with this cage . The price I purchased it at was $ 140 less than similar cages at pet stores . The quality is great for the price , it is well designed and nicely finished , the included bowls and perches are top quality . The seller shipped the product very quickly ; the cage arrived well before the initially promised delivery date . It was very well packaged & protected for shipping and arrived undamaged despite UPS beating the heck out of the box . All parts were included , along with some spares , and there was even a small bottle of touch-up paint in the event any rubbing occurred during shipping . Assembly was straight forward and easy , although the directions were a little outdated -LRB- some screws shown were replaced with hex bolts instead -RRB- . The only issue with the cage were the rubber balls on the casters . They were evidently recently produced and producing VERY strong-smelling fumes - not good for your birdie 's delicate respiratory system . I set them aside to air out for the time being . A small & easy to fix issue on an overall great purchase . Highly recommend .
 Purchased this cage for my two cockatiels . They were in an older cage which was getting boring for them . Now they are happy and excited about all the room and new things to play with . My floor and I are happy too , no more seed to clean up daily . It was a great choice to buy ... Thanks from Me and the cockatiels ... : -RRB-
 I just received my Bird Cage via UPS late this evening and had it totally assembled before 10 PM . I was quite impressed with the ease of assembly and while the instructions are somewhat vague , they did n't seem to slow down my progress . My Cockatiel , Stormy -LRB- a Hurricane Katrina exile from New Orleans -RRB- seemed to take to it quite well . His old cage was a bit wider , but not as tall as the new one . The old one had a smaller door , a plastic bottom tray , and I had it sitting in my room atop two tables . Now , with the rollers on the new cage , I can easily roll his cage around to vac under it . I think I paid around $ 60.00 plus for the old cage at a pet store years ago . I 'm looking forward to hearing my old feathered friend whistling to his favorite Celtic songs again . The best attribute of this cage it no doubt , its price . I have been looking for one along this line for a long time . For the downside , I have none , but I can see where it would be more beneficial to smaller birds . My only advise would be to take your time putting it together , do n't get in a rush , take a coffee break if you have to , and your fowl will be all the better ...
 After shopping for some time for a larger bird cage , I decided on this one due to the size and price . While others have commented that the pieces were broken or damaged , all the pieces that were supposed to be included were present and intact . The instructions are non-existent , but it is a pretty straight-forward assembly . When assembled , the cage is pretty sturdy and looks nice . This cage is a great buy for the money as I have seen similar cages for twice the price . I definitely do not regret buying this birdcage and would recommend it to a friend .
 If you have the time to teach yourself how to build a bird cage , this is the cage for you . The instructions in the box did n't help at all ! Took about 40 minutes to assemble . Besides that my bird is very happy . Great buy for the money !
 Love this cage !! It is the same one that a national chain has locally , but this one is about 100.00 cheaper . Very easy to clean . Yes , you still have to clean up after your birds ... does n't stop everything , but I do n't believe that there is a cage that would . You wo n't regret purchasing this cage .
 I used this as a sleep cage for my baby conure so she could be in the same room at night . PH customer service is the best .
 I am impressed by the quality of this cage . It was easy to put together , it looks good and cleanup after the bird is easy . My bird has not yet figured out how to make it to the top when I open the cage but I am sure he will after a few days . He seems to have adjusted quickly to his new &#34; palace &#34; .
 Great cage for 1 cockatiel . I wish it had storage space on the bottom . my bird seems to like it .
 well it was n't overly difficult to put together although I am pretty handy , I had a couple moments of WTF while working , they &#34; seed / splash &#34; guard is useless just makes the cage to big , crap still gets all over , guess if you had a tiny bird it would work , I have a Green Cheek Conure in mine and he loves it ...
 I really like this cage . It does help keep the Bird food from being thrown outside the cage . Easy to access to clean as well . The only problem I had was one of the metal bowl split part way which makes it difficult to take out of the colder when cleaning and feeding the birds .
 Our Bird loves it . He had a larger cage but was to big to keep in the house , so we purchased this one that is great in size and construction .
 I absolutely love this cage . I bought this one after receiving another one and returning it and I was very pleased with the quality . I 'm not sure the seed catcher is perfect , but it does an okay job at keeping the seeds off of the floor . The cage is very sturdy and very well made and I love having 4 stainless steel bowls . Great purchase and I am very happy .
 this is a great product my bird loves his new cage.i would recomend this to other customers.its a great product
 The color is a little off from the picture which is why a 4stars . The cage was very easy to set up , took about 1/2 hr . the draws are easy to come out and cleaning is a breeze I love it .
 This cage is gon na be perfect for my new-coming cockatiel , it has a perfect size too , the only downside is that due to mass production some of the drill holes may not be punched all the way but their easy to pop out with your finger . Also some of the parts may be bent but are easy to fix . Assembly instructions were a little bland , but I still figured it out . Last thing , keep in mind the height of this cage is about 5ft just in case some people are on the shorter side .
 I 'm very pleased with this cage and so is my Yellow Sided Green Cheek Conure . The Amazon price is very impressive and especially when compared to the well known chain @ $ 354.99 and close to 3xs when compared to our local privately owned pet store . I opened the package as soon as it arrived -LRB- 1-day shipping @ $ 3.99 with prime -RRB- and immediately put it together which took approximately 20 min . I prepared myself for major problems after reading some of the reviews , but assembly was a breeze . Instructions were both easy to read and easy to follow , until I got to the cagetop playstand & corner seed guards . It is at this point that you may need to exercise a bit more patience and rely on a little intuition -LRB- use the picture as a guide -RRB- . Once the cage is fully assembled it is beautiful and works very well to my surprise . I half way expected this cage to be inferior to the ones that we 've seen in stores , but the inexpensive price does not mean that its cheaper in quality and that was a very nice bonus.Best Features :1 -RRB- Cage top playstand my conure loves it and we love that this play area has replaced his swing and swing stand , which was incredibly messy at times . -LRB- the swing is now inside of the cage -RRB- 2 -RRB- Wrout Iron is so nice to have for cleaning compared to plastic on theSuper Pet Habitat Defined Bird Cage , Cockatiel Enrichment Home with Activity Center . We hate that cage , but our little buddy loved the smaller , darker space . The cleaning trays are also a plus and there are two sets . One to catch what the bird leaves behind on the cage top and one for the cage below . Just pull them out completely to empty and clean , then easily slide them back into place .3 -RRB- Food & water bowls are of great quality and fit nicely into their holders .4 -RRB- The corner seed guards are the best feature of this cage . In our Conure 's old cage/habitat he would continuously toss his food onto the floor . Food and snacks are now easily redirected into the cage with these guards in place , requiring less sweeping and vacuuming . -LRB- width with seed guards is approx 26.5 '' -RRB- The transition took approximately 3 days for our Conure and he is now very happy in his new space .
 The , Prevue Hendryx 3151C Wrought Iron Select Bird Cage , is an aviary for the pair of birds I have . I purchased it in their Chalk White color which blends in well with the surroundings . The birds have been happy , not so with a regular-sized bird cage even though they were out of the smaller one more than they were in -LRB- I felt sorry for them not being able to stretch their wings -RRB- With the aviary , I let them out once a day but then they return to it after a couple hours of flitting about.There is a little playground on top of this cage with a food and water dish and a single ladder leading up to them . The birds instinctively climb that ladder to the desired spot . Then they fly into the cage below where I have also placed a nesting box and though the box has yet to be used , it is there for them . That box would have never fit in the smaller cage . There is also a covered food and water dish inside -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- . The aviary comes with two more bowls for food inside , but they are uncovered . Whereas I was cleaning the small cage twice weekly and always had papers underneath their favorite perching area , i would also have to vacuum the area two times a week . Now with the new one that was so simple to snap together , the cleaning only has to be done twice a month -LRB- probably not that often -RRB- and there are slide out drawers to do so . The cleaning is effortless and sanitary . I am saving on bird cage liner , which I never used before because it would have been too costly so instead used my kid 's watercolor paper.I am so glad I purchased this Cockatiel aviary -LRB- I would consider it too small for the much larger Cockatiel -RRB- for my parakeets . It fit together nicely without any tools , save for a screwdriver , and I had it put together in less than an hour -LRB- I am disabled and have no dexterity -RRB- . It cleans effortlessly and looks wonderful ! I am extremely satisfied and I wish that I purchased a long time ago ...
 This birdcage has served my cockatiel extremely well ! He is usually a pretty messy eater and likes to toss the seeds around all over the floor , but with the seed guard , everything gets thrown back into the bottom of the cage.Also , having a place to sit/play on the top has made him much happier to come out of his cage . Being out of the cage and more free , he has become a lot more social , and generally seems much happier . I am extremely pleased with this purchase !
 Our parrot will not be able to escape from this thing ! The directions were good , it went together easily . The food doors are really nice ; I do n't have to risk losing any blood from reaching my hand in the cage . The food doors swing open so that you can easily fill them.The perch on top is really nice when he wants to come out to play . The main door has a really strong latch , and this thing is sturdy . It is also easy to move with the wheels on the bottom . I would definitely recommend .
 Purchased this and it arrived today . Packaged appeared to be sturdy however I found some pieces inside had been bent . It was ok though as I was able to bend them back and were fine . Hubby ended up working late so I put this together myself -LRB- sort of -RRB- . I am unable to get the u part together for the top play area so hubby can tackle that.The directions included were HORRID ! Parts listed were not included . It listed six phillip head screws which were not there and as of yet I have not found where they would be used at . The parts list also had a large number of larger bolts and 14 of the smaller ones . I guess these are just extra -LRB- even though the directions do not state this -RRB- because the cage is totally together and there are many leftover . To warn you about the directions they are fine print and on less than a half a page of paper with very hard to view drawings . So far my bird seems happy , I think she will be happier tomorrow when I make a trip for toys and a couple more perches.As a previous reviewer stated the rubber on the wheels does have a odor . It was n't too bad so I installed them .
 I am very impressed with this cage . It took some time to assemble but was not very complicated . Good construction and finish . I expect this to last a long time . When ordering be sure to check `` more buying choices '' . I paid much less than the default price initially shown .
 This is a great cage exactly as described . It is beautiful and our bird loves his new condo . I bought it as a Christmas gift for my mother and she is very happy with it . The seed catcher is a great idea .
 I purchased this cage for my sun conure , Sunny . I bought it at Amazon.com and got free shipping with Amazon Prime . This product is well made and was easy to put together . I was very pleased with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone .
 Love my new birdcage and so does my cockatiel ! I put this cage together by myself while my husband was at work and it was easy but took about 45 min to do alone . Very sturdy frame and I love the large front door and the side doors for the food and water bowls . Also , the wheels make it very handy to move from room to room . I highly recommend this cage to anyone with a cockatiel or smaller bird .
 I love how easy to move the cage is . The wheels on the bottom are a simple feature , but so nice when it comes to cleaning ! The material of this cage is easy to clean . My quaker parrot enjoys this cage . I saw some people thought the cage was on the difficult end to put together , but my husband and I assembled it pretty easily in 15 minutes . Overall this is a great buy !
 kinda frustrating to build a few of our parts did not fit quite right , but it is a great cage once it is built we keep a cinni green cheek conure who seems to enjoy it .
 This is a wonderful cage , well-made and very sturdy . The instructions are a joke , but I managed to get it together in a reasonable amount of time . My Quaker Parrot adapted quickly and seems very happy in it . I like how the feed bowls can be swung out so if someone other than me feeds him they wo n't get bit !! It is very easy to clean too .
 This is a very nice cage , particularly given the low price . Took me about 30 minutes to assemble , fairly intuitive . We were surprised by how easily bird poop wipes away compared to our last cage .
 I have 4 chinese cresteds and live in michigan so , I buy alot of dog clothes . I bought both sweatshirts and both wash up great , are nice quality and hold up well . I normally buy a medium for my dogs that are 10lbs . and medium fits . However , the XL was not big enough for my pitbull and that sucks!Erin and Pack
 Every time my Pomeranian wears this he gets so many compliments , and its well made , I 've had his about 2 years and it holds up well with frequent washes !
 As I previously commented on ALL the Snoop Dogg Pet Clothes I have purchased through Amazon ... `` THIS HOODIE IS SOOO CUTE , DURABLE , TRUE TO SIZE , NO SHRINKAGE , NO FADING '' ! I purchased this hoodie a few years ago but it is holding up strong !! I wish Snoop Dogg would come up with more Pet Clothes to add to his clothing line ! GOOD JOB SNOOP DOGG , PEACE
 The hoodie was really cute , but snug for a large . My dog is 30 pounds and it is very tight on him , but he looks very cute in it .
 This is a nice sweatshirt . Well made from nice materials . The only problem was that the medium was waaaaay too small for my 25 lb . terrier .
 This thing is just straight up lovely . There 's a lot of big dog clothes out there but this one definitely stands out , the fact that it doesnt look retarded on a big dog , they tailored it to look just right . Also it has some flavor in it and it is made by the Big Dogg himself . So definetely a must have .
 When I saw this , I just had to buy it . My beagle looks straight gangsta ' in it . The quality of it is quite commendable also . The logo is embroidered and it is made of thick durable cotton . The price is reasonable and my puppy actually enjoys wearing it.The leg holes are a little too big , so they might pop out when running or climbing stairs . But , if you want your dog to be OG TRIPLE OG , then this is the only choice.Long live the Doggfather !
 Before I purchased this product I wanted to know if the tie out was thick enough not to get tangled with my other tie outs . It is , in fact , thick enough and it is one that will last for at least a couple of years before showing any major signs of wear . I highly recommend it moreso if you own more than one dog .
 My dog was regularly itching near her rump , and doing a good deal of licking as well . After a visit to the vet confirmed no internal or external parasites -LRB- worms , fleas , etc. -RRB- , and that her skin and coat were in excellent condition we were stumped . The itching/licking was driving us crazy ... so ... I thought perhaps she had an internal imbalance and needed to get her `` gut '' back on track.I made the investment in Geneflora , and have to say ... the licking and itching have stopped ! This is a relief for Sydney -LRB- our dog -RRB- and for us as well since we 're no longer waking up all night long to the sound of lick-lick-lick ! And the product really lasts - the dosage is very small , so the 100 gm . container is probably about a year supply for a 40 lb . dog.If you want to guarantee that your dog has a healthy gut give this a try . I was very happy with the results .
 I have two pit bulls and one always has dark waxy ear buildups , itchy paws , sheds like its her job and occasional runny poop . I do n't know if this totally solved the problem but after about 3 weeks all her problems have disappeared . The ear wax has not returned , she does n't lick her paws obsessively any more and her shedding has decreased 100 % . Her fur looks a lot thicker and is shinny and looks really healthy.My other pup did n't really have any health issues but I think she has benefited as well with her coat looking really shinny and both pups do n't fart nearly as much either.Bottom line for me is that I would and will recommend this product to other dog owners I know and from what I 've seen I feel my dogs have benefited from having Geneflora in their diets .
 My Mastiff girl suffered from frequent bouts of gastro-enteritis and also had chronic yeast infections in her ears . Since I 've started giving her Geneflora about a year ago , we have n't had a single episode of vomiting/diarrhea and both ears have cleared up completely . Ca n't say I miss the wrestling matches over the ear drops ! ; -RRB- Yes , the stuff is expensive , but it 's definitely worth every penny !
 I was skeptical about this product but though that I would give it a try because of the recommendations that I read . My white Pomeranian had severe red staining and tearing around his eyes and seemed to be very uncomfortable . The vet had no solution so I searched the web for what others had found useful . The idea of using probiotics to address the red yeast that was causing the problem was a new concept to me but the testimonials were convincing . I also have a Papillion that suffers from yeast infections in his ears and a very sensitive digestive system so thought it might be good for him too . I consulted my vet and was told that `` it would not do any harm '' . I ordered Geneflora because we travel a lot with the dogs and it was one of the few products that did n't need refrigeration . I started both dogs on the product and the results are truly amazing . After 6 weeks of treatment the Pomeranian 's eyes are clear and healthy and the stains are fading as the new hair grows in . The Papillion has not had any ear or intestinal issues even with extensive travel and the hot steamy summer that we have experienced . It is easy to feed as the dogs like the taste and the dose is so small that the cost is relatively inexpensive especially when compared to even one vet visit . My dogs will be on this product for life !!
 Excellent product for all life stages , especially for those with a sensitive stomach . In order for the product to work it requires a spoonful or two with each meal . Have used it since our golden doodle was a puppy and he is now 3 yrs old .
 I have an adorable King Charles Cavelier Spaniel / Beagle mix -LRB- a King Beagle -RRB- that is 4 months old . She was only 6 weeks old when we got her and she had what we thought were ear mites . She had thick black ear wax in both of her long , beautiful floppy ears . We cleaned her ears with a peroxide water solution first , and then we waited to be sure it was n't just dirt . Within a day the `` dirty chocolate '' was back . We took her to the vet and they said it was not ear mites , but rather it was a yeast infection . They gave us 10 days worth of antibiotics . We used the drops 2x a day for 10 days and her ears cleared up . Then a few days later , black wax again ! So we checked the internet for help . I do not want my dog on antibiotics needlessly . We read several dfferent home remedies and some of them scared us a little . People put everything from vinegar to Monistat in their dog 's ears!Then I stumbled across a few posts from a homeopathic veterinarian that suggested this product . The vet 's name is Dr. Michael Dym . We have been giving our little pooch 2 scoops of Geneflora per day in her food for the past 2 weeks and let me tell you - the difference is dramatic . We were cleaning her ears almost every day and there was dark , smelly , waxy junk every time . The past three days have been virtually wax free ! I think this jar will last us quite a while . The scoops are about half the size of a mini-marshmallow . This stuff was less than $ 30 including shipping . I ca n't even get my vet to look at my dog for that price ! Very well worth the money , thank you so much !
 I 've been using this product for four years . My five year old lab has had terrible digestion problems , so I tried Geneflora . After a few weeks he became more regular . Now . Use it for both dogs everyday .
 Bought this for my Pom who has low thyroid . In addition to thyroid meds 2X daily , I added this since it also , along with other measures , cured a friend 's dog of multipe ear infections all the time . Cut out all the grain - buy a good quality grainless dog food and give this - takes about 3-4 weeks , but cleared up the ear infections , plus he enjoys the taste . And this is from the world 's pickiest eater . Highly recommend .
 My 9-year-old Belgian Tervuren has had digestive problems since puppyhood -LRB- runny , mucousy stools , frequent diahrrea , sometimes with a bit of blood in it -RRB- . He suffers from inflammatory bowel syndrome , and over the years we tried several different food/supplement combinations , to no avail . The vet gave me frequent refills of Flagyl to treat the symptoms.No more ! Geneflora , along with a lamb and rice diet , has almost completely eliminated most of his symptoms . I must mention that after doing a bunch of research on human inflammatory bowel disease , I also put him on a daily regimen of George 's Aloe Vera -LRB- available in the health food store ; 1.5 oz . twice daily -RRB- . He is doing GREAT and I do n't ever allow myself to run out of either of these 2 products . They have been a winning combination for my boy . I also give him a heaping tablespoon of plain canned pumpkin in each of his two daily meals .
 This has been working for my cat 's digestive issues . She 's having diarrhea less often , and she 's feeling better , I think . She 's also eating less while maintaining her weight , which means she 's absorbing her food better . I recommend it if your cat has digestive issues . I just mix a little spoonful -LRB- it comes with the spoon -RRB- into your cat 's food .
 Purchased for my rescue dog who came home with awful tear stains . This worked really well and the hair around her eyes are clear ! Scoop is very small so this should last a while .
 My dog has had serious skin problems , itchy , very greasy . Has a thyroid problem , but meds alone did not work.After using this product within a couple of weeks skin is much better , alot less greasy . Very good for digestive issues .
 I have very fussy eater a Mini Yorkie and my Vet told me to use these for Molly.It keeps her breath from smelling and her teeth clean . I purchased them the first bag from the Vet and the price was very high . Once she chewed them I purchased more on line and about half the price.Plus she like them is the bonus . She has turned up her nose at so many things that it is a pleasure to find one that she likes is Great .
 We have what I call a ` pig ' Yorkie -LRB- she grunts like a pig , too ... fascinating -RRB- . This dog has n't met anything that she ca n't eat in about two seconds , because it does n't even touch her throat on the way down . This behavior makes regular rawhides way too risky , which is cured by the high digestibility of C.E.T. chews . With C.E.T. , we do n't worry about the possibility of self-induced collick !!
 Looks great on my pup ... good quality construction.My only gripe is that the `` D '' ring to hook up the lead is awkward
 This is the second canine cooler bed I 've purchased . My first dog never liked the first bed I purchased , so I gave it to a friend 's dog who loved it ! Actually , he loved it too much and ended up rupturing it . These beds are made of heavy duty vinyl , but I ca n't recommend them for bigger breeds who like to dig at their bedding.Anyway ... Before I gave the first bed away , I used to lay on it on the floor after doing yard work in hot weather ; and I can honestly say this item works . There is a definite cooling sensation , not to mention the cushy feel of the sponge mattress and water contained within . Now that I have a new dog , I decided to get her one ; and she loves this bed ! If you get the small size , you can use a standard pillow case as a cover . It 's a perfect fit and a lot less expensive than the official covers that are for sale .
 We 've used the Canine Cooler product for years ! Great for keeping your pets cool in the summer -- and comfortable all year long ! There is always at least one Cooler on the floor at all times . The small one is also great for car travel . We take two on vacation every year to keep the dog cool and comfortable , and one goes into the motel room with us.We love them !
 This DVD has a large collection of Tricks and the instruction is very clear and simple . My dog and I had a lot of fun learning these tricks , he is a 2 year old Border Collie and he learned this tricks very quickly .
 this book showed several tricks that are so easy for your pup to learn . my pup learned to roll over and play dead right away and he can even tell me a secret .
 Got this from Doggy DVD in just a couple days . Very fast shipping from them . Opened it and within minutes my dog was doing these tricks . Great production on the DVD too . Highly Recommend for good interaction with your dog .
 My 3 cats love this product . One of them was trying to open the plastic bag before I could get it open . They rub their faces on the catnip pillows and then take a cat nap with their head resting on the `` pillow . '' I have these pillows scattered all over the house where they have carried them .
 I could n't find a cage I liked locally , this one however is perfect . I really like all of the Prevue products . Good quality and made generally in the USA
 This is exactly what dog people need . How many years have we been keeping records on scraps of paper or not at all ???? This book allows you to keep everyhting in one place and is small enough to go to all shows with you . What a great `` invention ''
 I recently got a cockatiel and needed to find a roomier cage for him , this was just that and more ! this cage is lofty even for him being as big as he is -LRB- he is a little over 1 so he 's not a baby -RRB- , and the price was excellent even if that was just for the cage , but you get tons of goodies ! The seed guard is probably worth its weight in gold as it keeps most of my tiel 's mess in , i 've had this cage for a few months now and it is excellent , assembly took not more than 5 minutes , it probably took longer to get my bird inside the cage because he 's stubborn . =--RRB- great buy , you will find the same exact item in pet stores , easily for over $ 100 , do not hesitate !
 Upgraded them from the transport cage and they fell in love with it . When letting them out the play around but always go back to sit on the cage . The included accessories are a bonus .
 We love this song food , but the canary loves it even more . When we feed him this 8 n 1 song food he will sing everyday . We 've tried other brands , as we can not find this locally anymore , and his singing stops after a few days without his 8 n 1 . It 's a really good product , far above the others.A big thank you to Amazon and it 's sellers for keeping this product available to us .
 The first thing I noticed when I opened eCOTRITION Tropical Fruit & Seed , was a very pleasant smell of fruit . I had not expected that bird seed would actually smell nice . It smelled like real fruit and I could sit little dried bits of fruit like papaya in the mix.Unfortunately , my parakeet does n't think the fruit is as appetizing as I do and refuses to eat it . She 's not a big fan of fruit in general though , which is why I tried to find it in `` seed '' form . I 'm sad that my bird does n't like this seed since it would be nice to have her cage area smell like fruit .
 I bought several flavors of 8in1 bird seed . This by far was our bird 's favorite flavor . I ca n't give a more detailed review since I am not the one eating the seed but for some reason our bird loved the honey flavor best ! I liked the fact it was in a canister and not a bag since the bags spill so easily .
 Ummmm , ... sorry for taking so long to respond to your review request but I had to wait for my canary to empty his mouth to give me his personal review of this product . `` Yummy '' he says . Okay , seriously , I looked everywhere for this product and there was none to be found on the shelves . My `` reserve '' started running low -LRB- I mix this product in with Buddy 's regular food all year around and step it up at `` moulting time '' -RRB- . But when I got down to near empty on my supply half-way through the annual moult and I was unable to find it online at PETCO or in any of the big box pet stores and my local pet shop had it on back order forever -LRB- since every canary moults in the Summer and thus a shortage -RRB- , I turned to who else but Amazon ? Who 'd a thunk that Amazon carried Ecotrition moulting food ? Seriously this is an awesome product and it MUST taste good because after Buddy started moulting I also gave him a small treat dish of it daily which he devoured . Some moulting food products are sandy and unappetizing looking and sit in the treat dish or are overlooked in the food cup , but this looks like regular treat . Speedy delivery as usual on Amazon 's part :-RRB- We both give it a thumb 's -LRB- er ... foot 's -RRB- up !
 I had never tried this type of bird feed before . Our birds seemed to love it because they gobbled it right up . I certainly would buy this product again .
 A good addition as a treat but not to be used as a main diet . Birds seem to enjoy the mix and were quick to empty the treat cup .
 have tried several kinds , like all of them even though they do n't last very long .
 My husband and I have 16 finches . This is a great food to have . Last year two of our Zebra Finches bred 5 finches . This food is great for nutrition and for birds when they are in the process of breeding . It 's also great to keep on hand .
 For some reason my birds are not crazy about this . I thought it would be comparable to nutriberries but it is not the same .
 My finches are so happy about this food . It makes them cheep more when they are awaiting a refill . I 'm glad it provides the variety of seeds and fruits as it seems to make them happier and more lively .
 The Canary Song Plus and all other canary food that I have ordered arrived in a timely manner and in good condition . My canary thanks you !!!!! Alek
 My shipment arrived in a timely manner and had no problems whatsoever . My bird loves the bell , although the weird guy refuses to use the beak conditioner on it . lol
 I shove all their daily greens into the ball -LRB- I have two , one for each bun -RRB- and let them have at . They love it , and it contains the greens fairly well . The little bell is cute , too . If I wanted something for hay , though , I think I 'd want something a bit bigger -LRB- like , twice this volume -RRB- . One nice feature to note is that one of the spacings in the bars is slightly larger , so you can put material in through there . Highly recommend !! Update
 I bought this as another hay rack for my rabbit . I have it attached near his litter box , and he likes having two access points for hay . The only issue I had was that it was really hard to get the hay in . It made a mess everywhere , but the rabbit easily cleaned it up . This is another common sense item that people need to be aware of . Put it over a litter box or hay will get everywhere ! Otherwise , my rabbit loves it and gets excited when he hears the little bell ring .
 This product was just what I wanted . It was easy to order and arrived quickly . My rabbits love to eat the hay out of it and then continues to play with it once the hay is all gone ! Great product
 These are fun for the rabbits and an easy way to give them their hay . I love it and they love it . It keeps them from getting bored , especially if you put it high in their cage and they have to be innovative to get the hay . Id suggest for anyone with bunnies .
 The picture of the item shows it is blue and that was the whole purpose of buying it from this seller . when it came it was a magenta color , i wasnt very happy with that . I was wanting blue for a reason bc its my sons favorite color and it is for his guiena pig !
 can not go wrong . It keeps the guinea pig hay off the floor of the cage , and the hay waist has been cut by 90 % . It holds the hay in place , and therefor the guinea pig is able to pull a piece without a ton falling to the floor . I have 2 cages and was able to see 1st hand how much hay was being eaten with the use of the hay ball , to how much was being thrown away due to being on the floor of the cage -LRB- might add my pigs will not eat hay that is on the floor of their cage -RRB- from not using the hay ball . So u know it , I bought # 2 for the other guinea pig cage . They also have learned that playing with the bell gets them more hay.up date , it is now Aug and I am still loving the hay ball , I have save money by using them , there is very little waist , I find it easy to fill , and u can really pack the hay in , u just have to as stated , pack it in . My pigs do just fine with pulling the hay out no matter how much and tight I pack it in . Before the hay ball I bought hay every month , now I am buying hay every 3 months . Very pleased .
 Putting hay in the hay ball can be difficult but i mainly just use it as a little decoration in my bun 's cage and he LOVES IT ! It 's so cute how much he 'll play with it just to hear the little bell ring :-RRB- I 've had it for about a month now and it 's very sturdy and very cute !
 This does what it say it does . Great for rabbits hay and veggies . Nice clip to connect to cage . My rabbit really likes it .
 I bought these at a local pet store & use them to hold treats in my birds cages , they love it , well atleast they love what I put in it anyways.I have also used it for hay & nesting materials for them , so they are n't just for small animals but are also great for birds too .
 These are fun to have for my small finches . Particularly they do n't like to pick hay from floor but with this , the process of picking hay and playing with they ring makes it a fun process for them and it works ! They try to build a nest . : -RRB-
 I 've owned it for about a month now and my rabbit loves to eat from it rather than eating it from the bedding . This also helps you by keeping your animal safe , away from eating all the bedding because it can be very dangerous for it , maybe even kill it . Also shipping is always fast for me because I have amazon prime .
 I use this for my rabbit 's Timothy hay mix and it works great . I just load it all into the ball and clip it to the side - very easy and simple design . My rabbit is n't litter trained AND he likes to tip food bowls so I 've wasted a lot of hay in the past and it was getting frustrating . This lets him have as much as he 'd like without me having to worry about how much of what I put in is going to wind up getting peed on ! It 's a great price and the little bell is a fun toy option if your rabbit likes toys -LRB- my old man really does n't care for them , lol . -RRB- Great purchase !
 My chinchilla enjoys this . It provides hours of entertainment for her . I wish it had an easier way to get the hay in ... I make a mess getting it full !
 Love this stuff . Instantly noticed an improvement in water clarity and smell compared to the zeolite i was using before . Pouch lasts a for about 1.5 months in a 30 gallon tank with three 5 '' goldfish.Used in conjunction with an Marineland Emperor 280 and Rite - Size E filter cartridges .
 my fish love it . i think it would be good for any breed of fish.bubblehead goldfish , comets , feeders , oriental , moors.barbs , mollys , swordtail , guppy , gourami , great white shark.little fish , big fish , yellow fish , red fish.but not for red tailed japanese betta fighting fish . they hate this food.what about piranha ? the only way your gon na get this fish food into a piranha is if this food has been fed to one of the piranha 's prey . then technically when the victims body disintegrates in the piranah 's gastric juices the stomach content shall release the ` aquarium goldfish flake fish food ' . But said fish must be small enough so that it can be gulped down whole rather than shred to pieces in their typical feeding frenzy oparandi .
 My daughter had me purchase this for her guinea pigs cage . She says it works wonderful . Helps keep the hay off the ground . The price was n't too bad either .
 The hay rack works fine.It was a little bit warped when it arrived . I had to bend it back into shape . Also , the lack of a bottom anchor means that I had to modify it by crimping the upper hooks onto the cage and adding a wire anchor at the bottom so that the varmints would n't keep knocking it off . These are the reasons I gave 4 stars instead of 5 . Also , the salt wheel is pretty useless/unnecessary for rabbits or chinchillas as neither animal needs it.All that having been said , I 'd still buy it again . It works well and is reasonably priced . Our critters chewed through the plastic hay rack that we tried -LRB- only took them 1 night -RRB- . So this is a great improvement .
 This rack is very helpful in keeping our baby bunny 's house clean . The bottom of his house is lined in fleece and the upper level is carpet . Putting the hay in a corner really made a mess . For whatever reason , he likes to eat hay while doing his business in his litter box . So we hung it within reach for him and it 's working great . It keeps the hay clean , where it 's not being drug into his litter box , and it helps keep his house clean too . The only improvement I would be able to suggest is that it hold more hay ... our boy eats hay like it 's going out of style . We normally have to fill this in the morning and then again at night . That being said , it 's a great little product that I have no problem recommending to others .
 Keeps his cage looking clean . I had to slightly modify mine as well . -LRB- Read on some other reviews that it may come a little warped . -RRB- Probably the best thing I bought for Tribbs .
 My guina pigs love this as they have to work to get to it lol . Thery are happy , I 'm happy with it.It fits almost perfect , but anyway , I 'm glad I bought it , no compalaints .
 Great price ... this stuff costs 3 x as much in your normal pet store !! Great price and recieved quicker than i expected !!
 This is a excellant dryer . . I have only used it twice . After reading some reviews I did turn it on for the dogs to hear a few times b4 using . I have two Belgian Tervurens , that I dont know how I was drying my male before-Great dryer !! The sound was really not that loud , and his coat looks great ! . But I dont do my grooming in the kitchen anymore , this needs to be used outside because of the amount of hair my Belgians have : :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I purchased this dryer for my Daughters 4-H project goat . It is a good product for the price . Not as powerful as I thought it would be . Overall nice product .
 Great product despite the loud noise . It dry my toy poodle in less than 10 min . Lightweight , easy to carry around . Only it will be greater if they comes with warm air . that will be perfect .
 It was louder than I expected but not too loud that it was bothersome . I love the 3 different attachments . It was great for my dog 's long fur . I like that it 's coolish air so it does n't dry out the skin and make it itchy .
 The dryer is ok and has some kick to it but I think it would work better on my dogs if there were heat in it . This dryer is n't good on dogs with thick inner coats because it takes a while to dry .
 I chose this dryer because of its size and power . I have poodles and it does a great job of getting down deep into their coats for drying and preparing their coats for clipping.The price was excellent and it shipped quickly ! I would recommend it for anyone who needs deep drying for their dogs with dense coats .
 I looked at allot of dryers before I got this one . I worried that they would not dry my big 160 pound Newfoundland properly . But wow am I impressed , it dries him right up . I can use it after a bath for him or when we come in out of the rain . I live in the Pacific NW and we get allot of rain so I will get allot of use out of this . It works great !!
 Great , portable , lightweight dryer . This is just what I needed to get my Standard Poodle 's hair dry and straight for grooming at home . Makes a tough job a lot easier !
 I bought this as used , but the one I got seemed brand new to me - in perfect condition , all pieces and instructions included , very well packed and shipped right away . The metro is a great machine too , very effective . love it !
 Received yesterday , used today and it was the fastest I ever dried my little 5 1/2 lb MI-KI dog . She was not afraid at all and liked the fact she did not have to stand so long to be dried . It was no louder than my hairdryer . Well worth the money and I am very happy with the purchase . Arrived in record time .
 Just excellent it device is perfect for what i need for small and medium dogs . . we breed pugs so its excellent after baths
 I have 3 dogs to keep clean . I did not ever plan on 3 dogs and they must be clean to be in my house . This pet dryer makes things much easier . I love not having wet dogs wandering around .
 Just got this today , so had to immediately unbox it and try it out . I am IMPRESSED ! This little dryer packs a wallop of air and does a really great job - drys Bichon and Poodle hair FAST ! Great product !
 I 've been using this dryer for years -LRB- same brand , diff dryer -RRB- @ the self-wash pet place . It 's amazing , and I have a Husky !
 Do not know how could I live without this blower before , I have 3 aussies , 2 of them have very heavy coat , this blower is excellent , still try to learn the best ways and how much air and all , but it is sturdy , not cheap chinese plastic , and it blows air very good.great buy .
 I started an in-home mobile dog grooming business for my wife and with so much business coming our way , we realized our bottleneck was the current `` basic '' hair dryer she was using . Now that we purchased the Metro , we can dry a full sized dog in a third of the time it used to take . My wife says the dryer is n't as loud as your commercial salon dryer and so far it has n't bothered any of the clients or their dogs .
 I love this dryer !!! I have 3 shelties - 2 senior citizens and a little 12 incher . I ca n't make it to the self-dogwash place anymore so I decided to buy a dryer and see if I could do it at home . I have to admit that I had it for 2 weeks before I used it because I did n't want to find out it was a screaming machine that would either blow them off the table or have no ooomph at all . Boy was I surprised . The power is perfect for my guys - the higher speed easily dried the heavier coats and the lower speed was perfect for the little one . The noise is NOTHING compared to the self-dogwash !!! My dogs were so relaxed and happy with this dryer , I wish I would 've gotten it years ago . I LOVE IT !
 Safe , compact , does not use heat -LRB- whatever temp the room is ... that 's what it blows -RRB- . The dogs all dealt well with it , no freak outs .
 Amazing power for the compact size . Two speeds are nice and it 's pleasingly quiet . I use this in my taxidermy shop for drying mounts after shampooing them to get that fluffed up look . Also used for `` sweeping '' the garage as it 's powerful enough to blow dirt right out the door ! -LRB- dust mask/glasses recommended -RRB-
 Cut down the time to dry my American Eskimo pup by 20 minutes at least ! It is a serious dryer and packs a lot of force , but after getting used to the noise , my 4mo puppy laid calmly while I dried him . I just had to be careful to not aim the air toward his face . I 'm so glad I bought this . Excellent investment .
 I love this product . My friend has one and I used it and knew I had to get one . It cuts drying time in half . You can see the water and loose hair fly off your dog . And the price from Amazon.com is unbeatable .
 Purchased for thoroughbred grooming , happy with it . Have not used all the pieces since I just got it a few days ago . Appears as it will last awhile and the zip bag is convenient .
 These training treats are good , but there are some problems that I noticed with them.I have a pitbull , and 8 pitbull puppies , so I thought I 'd give these a shot . I know it says , `` puppy '' but I figured they could all share . The box claims that they are non-greasy and non-crumbly , which is true to a point.The problem that I have with these is that it is too hard for my pitbull . -LRB- Who would 've thought ?!? :-RRB- -RRB- I tried some new tricks on her -LRB- the adult -RRB- with the clicker and she did really well , but it took her a good minute + to eat the treat because they are so darn hard . I am more of a quick paced trainer , and waiting two minutes inbetween reps is a bit too long and the dog loses interest . I think after the first two she liked them okay.The puppies are n't old enough to start training -LRB- two weeks -RRB- , but I ca n't imagine using these on them . If my adult is having trouble , I know it would be a lost cause on the puppies.So far , the best training treat I have ever used is those pupperoni sticks that break into segments . You can buy them anywhere they sell pet stuff . They are chewy and quick to train with.Dog kinda likes them , but I wo n't buy again . I 'm not paying this price for training treats that are n't really effective as training treats .
 It was larger than what i expected , but it fits nicely in my tank . Does n't look like the picture , it actually has more `` stems '' .
 I have a 4 gallon cube aquarium , I 've had it for over 10 years , and am replacing the old - falling apart plants in it . This plant is a nice size for my cube , right height I wanted , I like to use diffrent height plants to make it look and feel more natrual for the fish . This plant is realistic looking & works great !
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 My Pom is pretty laid back , so he does n't shred most of his toys , and he loves-loves-loves this one . Family member with Duck and Frog . Squeak !!!
 My puppy loves the little bear . I took the squeaker out because he already had a squeak toy . It is very small , and at first he did n't seem to like it , but it because his `` in-crate '' toy . He loves picking it up in his mouth and moving it around his crate . Now he loves it so much that he tries to sneak it out to toss it around and play .
 My two young Siberian Huskies play with this . My girl claims it as hers and often sleeps with it . It fits her mouth about right , as she is on the small side for Huskies . This is her 2nd teddy bear . The 1st lasted about 1 year being squabbled over , pulled on , licked on , and gnawed . It finally died when she figured out how to open the velcro opening in the back and chewed up the squeaker , the velcro , and other parts of the bear .
 My dog likes the toy , but it is very small . The `` squeaker '' is kept inside by Velcro , and they come with an extra squeaker .
 My chihuahua loves this toy because it 's small and light and has a `` sensitive '' squeaker so he will squeak it all the time with only light pressure . It 's also great that you can remove the squeaker when you 've heard enough of it!Good price , the picture does n't match what they toy actually looks like but rest assure that it 's a very cute looking toy .
 My Jack Russell Terrier puppy loves this toy . He has tried his best to `` kill '' it , to no avail . Dr. Noy 's toys are almost indestructable . I like the fact that there are no pieces to break lose or come off this toy which could be dangerous to a puppy who likes to put everything into his mouth.This is one great toy , at a reasonable cost , which has provided my puppy with hours of amusement and exercise . I highly recommend this toy .
 My dog will chew up anything she can get her paws on . No toy we have ever bought her has lasted more then 24 hours . I bought this toy 2 weeks ago and it 's still holding strong ! We are all very pleased with this product . I definitely recommend .
 Normally the only toys that last at all with my dogs are Nylabones but they still love to play with soft toys . I bought this last Christmas and it only recently fell apart ! A great product that I will now purchase a second time .
 Kong extra-small dog toys are a perfect size toy for my 2lb minature yorkie . Finding toys that are small enough for her is very difficult , most toys advertised as small or extra small are sized for 5-10lb dogs , so I was extremely happy when I opened this order and found that the toy really is `` extra small '' . I can see how it would be too small for dogs > 8lbs , but if you have an especially petite breed your dog will love these toys.They are also very well made/durable , and come with a spare squeaker insert which doubles the life of the toy .
 I purchased this item mid January 2012 . Its mid July now 2012 & the teddy has lasted so far with no issues . This is my dogs absolute favorite toy & she plays with it daily . It can be her chew buddy for hours on end & the squeaky noise just thrills her to no end . She has several other toys but this one is her first love . I was about to purchase another one right now as backup for when this one goes out , when I realized that I had not reviewed this & given it the credit it deserves . 5 STARS all day long .
 Having a 3 year old beagle that has destroyed toys in 3 minutes or less after receiving them , I 'm always on the lookout for one she will like , and that will last longer than a bullrider does.This toy is one of my beagle 's favorites ! She fell in love with this critter ! She loves the squeaky in its head , and will carry it around in her mouth . We do n't let her have it when she 's home alone , since I do n't want her to get bored and chew her way through to the squeaker , but otherwise , it 's held up wonderfully . We also do n't let her play ` pull ' with it . It comes with a replacement squeaker , which is nice.It 's the perfect size for our beagle , and almost the perfect toy . If the size we received is ` medium ' , I would n't order anything smaller for any dog except a Chihuahua . I hope to find some more !
 My dog loves to go directly for the squeaker in any toy , but she ca n't get to this one . She tosses it everywhere and likes to play tug-of-war with it .
 The poodle loved this toy , as he does all his squeaky toys . The X-Small one is about the size of a large mouse .
 I bought the Kong green frog for my dog at Christmas . Although she has tons of toys , She always picks up the frog when she wants to play . That is why I bought this one for her birthday . It does not have a lot of stuffing , and I think she likes that .
 This toy is durable ! We were a little worried when we first received it because the bear really does n't look that sturdy . But out lab has been carrying it around for weeks and it still looks new . The squeaker still works too ! Our 7 month old lab destroys most of his toys within minutes so we 're super happy with this one !
 WE have purchased this before . It will last a long time . BUY ONLY FOR SMALL DOGS . This product is a potential hazard if given to a dog of inappropriate size . Our little dog loves her `` Bear Baby '' . I really like the way the squeaky is inserted into the toy using a velcro fastener . Therefore , the squeaky is removed to wash the toy and the toy comes with an extra squeaky . Because it is thoughtfully constructed using quality materials this is an excellent product . If you have a small dog they will love it too . Be sure to check out the frog and duck .
 Glad to see that so many others have found these to be great toys . These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ; - -RRB- Pay attention to the sizes listed
 I could only give my 2 year old collie/beagle mix rubber toys ... until I discovered the Kong Bear and the Kong Frog . Every previous stuffed toy would end up in shreds or with missing limbs -LRB- discovered later - ahem . Lol -RRB- . But for some reason , these two stuffed toys are still intact after weeks of wear and love . Yes , the arms and legs get soggy with doggie drool , but after a run in the wash , voila ! All fluffed up . A must try !!!
 I got this for my 6 months old puppy and she liked it . A few months later , she loved it . A few times , when Mr. Teddy was downstairs and Al knew we were going upstairs to take a nap , she would carry Mr. Teddy all the way to the bed and rest her paw and muzzle on it . I even bring it when we go on trips .
 As a veterinary student , I am always asked questions I have no idea how to answer . But I do now know how answer a toy that kind of works . The dog broke the squeaker in 3 seconds . But the rest of the toy is intact after 24 hours . This dog has an ability to tear things apart so fast . I am so happy it broke the squeaker ; I hate those things .
 My 3 pound , 13 week old Yorkshire Terrier loves this toy and has hardly damaged the fabric after a week of heavy chewing . This is the only stuffed animal we can give him since he will hump anything that is his size or larger .
 It is a happy accident , but we have most of the Kong toys that are similar to this , we have this bear , the medium frog , and the -LRB- now retired -RRB- duck . They last a while for our two 9 lb . Pomeranian/Chihuahua mix dogs . We found out that Moxie likes to eat the faces off of toys because of this bear -LRB- that we got as a `` welcome home '' present when we picked her up from the rescue -RRB- . My husband and I think it 's hilarious . She did n't tear the face off in one day , but we rotate toys twice a week to prevent boredom . Moxie is the BIG chewer . It 's quite impressive actually , but not when I find out there 's holes in my shirt . I recommend , especially because there is almost no stuffing , so there is n't really any hunting for Mr. Bear 's insides . I feel the toy lasted long enough , and I plan on getting them a new one .
 Received the item as described . Sitting on the computer hearing the dog play with the new squeaky toy . Arrived in a timely manner . Always happy with Kong products as they hold up well . It has been my experience NO toy is indestructable with ANY breed of the dog is taught it is OK to ruin toys that is what it will do . Like a child .
 Ordered one , big mistake . Now I am ordering for the rest of the doggie household . Very well received by my dog . I like that the squeaker can be replaced . Not stuffed with cotton and that is great . We have had problems with the stuffing being eaten by the dog and then they hack and cough for days . For a cloth bear it is relatively sturdy and it has last over a week . Now I am just waiting for the duck and the frog .
 My dog is a big chewer and she loves this bear , they are cheap so i bought a few and can replace when she crews it so much that it is time ...
 Great dog toy ! My German Shepherd loves it & has been unable -LRB- despite repeated attempts -RRB- to destroy it . Great supplier as well - super fast shipping !
 This product is awesome ! My 1.5 year old beagle can lay around and play with it for hours . I love how there isnt any cottony fluff in the belly area but a velcro openening to replace the squeaker . he loves it , i love it . < 3 good job , kong !
 The package says it 's for dogs 20-40 lbs , so I hoped my 14 lb mini-schnauzer would n't rip it apart too fast . The day it arrived , the schnauzer , and her 30 lb Schnoodle `` brother '' played tug-of-war with it til they wore themselves out . Teddy survived - yay ! We 've had it for five days now and Teddy still looks like new and the squeaker is great . My schnauzer has pretty much claimed it as her toy and she loves to make it squeak , she throws it in the air and chases it , and occasionally enjoys a game of tug-of-war with Teddy in the middle . I just wish there was a ` large ' because it 's a pretty small toy for a 20-40 lb dog . It 's just about right for a mini schnauzer , toy poodle , etc.Update
 This is an awsome toy . My Yorkie puppy destroys EVERY stuffed toy she has except this one . She chews it , pulls on it , rips at it and it is still intact !!! KONG makes the best pet toys ever !!!
 Just got a puppy Elkhound , only 8 weeks old and she loves it , my 3 year old Elkhound loves it too . Of course the older one does n't like the squeakier in it and takes it out . They both fight over it so I had to get another one ! Holds up to a 3 year old that destroys all other toys I get ! The small size is way too small , but is still OK .
 I bought this for my 6mth old pup who has loved it and has n't let it go from the minute she was given the bear . In fact she 's sleeping with it as I write this review . Not only is the bear extremely cute , but its been almost three weeks now and even after many chews and playtimes , its still as in-tact as the day we bought it . Id highly recommend this bear for pups who love to chew and throw around their toys .
 First picture is misleading . The product , I received , is shown in the third picture . I will call this a small product . Besides these , my dog is all over it and I never seen her getting excited about a toy this much . Quality is also good , I have n't seen any piece coming out . I will buy again .
 my dog usually finds the squeaker within the 1st day and rips the head off . NOT with the kong ! 1 week and still going strong . He loves it !
 I ordered the medium sized bear for my 20lb dog . The toy we got was not the one in the main picture of the listing with the shorter fur and leopard spotted feet . We were a bit disappointed - My dog actually already has the bear in the main picture and loves it so much that I was trying to buy him a replacement in case anything ever happens to the original.The toy we got was the more fuzzy looking bear that 's pictured in some of the additional pictures for this listing.It ended up working out okay , because my dog loves his new bear . So far it 's held up well , and he plays with it daily . The only reason I gave this listing 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the misleading picture .
 Bought this for my grand-dog and she loves it , a teddy bear for a dog named Bear . She has a great time playing with it and so far has n't destroyed it .
 My dog loves this toy along with the other kong toys I bought her . They are tough and the beaver is still going strong .
 My dog just ca n't get enough of this toy . She loves it . Big plus it came with extra noise maker .
 My puppy LOVES this bear . When we adopted her from a rescue organization , her ` foster family ' mailed us this bear because she is so attached to it . After about 8 months , bear was looking pretty ratty from the wear and tear -LRB- by that I mean my dog likes to suck on its nose and paw at it as well as play fetch ! -RRB- so we recently purchased bear # 2 . Based upon my puppy 's love of bear , I would highly recommend it .
 This toy is recommended for dogs 20-40 pounds ... I gave it to my 75 pound black lab/great dane mix ! She LOVES soft toys but she always destroys them . The first one lasted a week . But the second one she has now had for months and seems perfectly content to play with . It stands up to the little bit of chewing she does on it before I stop her and has held up with her vigorous play -LRB- she catches it in the air with her mouth and her paws , shakes it , etc. -RRB- Even though she destroyed the first one , it was the smallest mess she 's made destroying a soft toy and we could still use the inner rectangle of fleece-like filling that contains the squeaker . It was a great training tool and she would fetch it . She never actually chewed that up . Just chewed a hole in the bear 's head . Anyways , I think the whole idea was a good one . The toy is NOT indestructible but I really ca n't see how you could make a soft toy that would be . So , I would buy these over and over , even if she does end up chewing this one up too . I only wish they made a BIG one so that my dog could have one her size !
 My mini doxi is 7 1/2 years old and this is her 3rd bear - she loves this bear so much , we have to get her a new one before we can throw the old ones out . For whatever reason this has always been her favorite toy and she even sleeps with it and when we go away , we have to take to the dog sitter with her .
 This teddy bear has lasted almost 2 months with our two big lab mix dogs . They usually chew up whatever soft toy or stuffed animal they get within a few days so I am impressed at how well this has held up . Definitely recommend .
 I have two dogs , one big and one small ... they both love this toy . Best of all , it 's extremely durable . Normally with squeaky toys I have to monitor their play with them because if I do n't then I come back in the room three minutes later and they have it all torn apart , stuffing all over the room and have proudly destroyed the squeaker . This one we 've had for a couple weeks now , it 's in their toy basket that they always have access to , they play with it pretty much daily and they 've yet to destroy it . Fantastic deal on this .
 Our Apollo ca n't live without his Teddy ! I 've never had a dog so attached to his toy . He mangles it , runs with it and sleeps with it . Absolutely in love with it . It has held up better than any of his other toys ... I just wish Amazon would bring back the large version of this toy . I bought 2 mediums in case his beloved large fails . This dog toy is the best and has taken 2 years of 95 lb . black Lab punishment ... now that is a true test !!
 My husband & I have 3 wonderful pups/dogs that LOVE to play with stuffed animals . The problem is that they usually destroy them quickly , as they really enjoy playing with their stuffed toys together - with one pulling a leg & another pulling a arm , and they are also known to chew on them until they get to the insides - where they then work on spreading the filling all over our house.Because of this we decided not to get them anymore plush toys . But then I read the description for Dr. Noys Teddy Bear & decided to give it a try . My `` babies '' have been playing with it for almost a month now and it 's still in pretty good condition - it 's nearly indestructable ! -LRB- This is a record for us , as most stuffed animals are completely destroyed in an hour or less ! -RRB- The stitching is done extrememly well - with the only part getting chewed open being the nose . But one of the best things is that there 's only a tiny bit of stuffing in there - so even when they got the nose off , there was just one little blob of filling to pick up - and they can still play with it!Another plus is how easy it is to replace the squeaker . We have n't had to do it yet , but I checked it out - and it really is amazingly easy ! And it comes with an extra squaker too!Overall , I would HIGHLY recommend Dr. Noys Plush Teddy Bear to all pet owners - it 's well made , nearly indestructable and our dogs LOVE it !
 we have a bullmastiff , and these are the only toys I buy . Anything else is usually shredded with stuffing all over the house within about two hours . They are incredibly durable , and easily thrown in the washer .
 My puppy has had this bear for two years - and it is his constant companion . He has torn up every other stuffed animal he has ... but not this one - and he plays with it constantly - he sleeps with it , plays with it , etc. . Just now , after two years , he actually made a hole in it and started pulling out the stuffing - so I went and ordered two more 'cause he can NOT live without this bear . My wife repaired the hole but I do n't think the repair will work too long and I do n't want him to be in mourning ... We need a new one `` on hand '' for when the current one meets its demise !
 I 've had the Dr. Noys teddy bear in the medium size for almost 6 months , purchased for my 30 lb sheltie girl . Our dog is not a `` sit down and try to rip apart '' kind of dog , but she does love to play tug-o-war ! I usually grip the head while she grabs onto either the squeaking body or one of the limbs , and she hops and pulls and shakes and play-growls until she gets too thirsty to continue . Hubby and I also play keep-away with the bear , tossing it back and forth so she 'll run between us for some exercise -LRB- she 's not much of a retriever -RRB- . Sometimes she 'll pick up the bear and bring it over to me to let me know it 's time to play , but otherwise she really does n't play with the bear on her own . Not the fault of the bear , it 's just the way my sheltie is , and I hope it gives you a better idea of how this bear might hold up with your dog.This bear came with a free replacement squeaker , which I placed inside the fleece bag that contains the other squeaker , for extra squeaking fun . Probably because of the extra protection the fleece gives , both squeakers have survived my little girl 's needle sharp teeth . The fleece thing inside the bear also gives it bulk , without that messy stuffing that dogs so love to pull out . I could hear and feel stitches pop on occasion while playing tug-o-war , but this toy really has held up well compared to other plush dog toys . For 5 months , this bear looked perfect , other than the slobber on it . Our bear has about three sizeable holes and is missing a bit of fur on its chest , which all happened in the last month , but we still use it because there 's no stuffing in the bear . I 'm currently looking for another Dr. Noys toy as a replacement , when that teddy bear goes to tug-o-war heaven.In addition to being very sturdy , this bear is super cute . I have a photo of the Dr. Noys teddy bear in the arms of my sheltie who was laying down , and it 's a photo I 'll cherish forever . ** UPDATE ** We 've purchased our 2nd Dr. Noys teddy bear in medium size . I tried buying regular stuffed animals , the kind intended for kids , at second hand stores but they all got pulled apart . We now have 2 shelties and they 've been plucking at this Kong teddy bear 's nose for a week -LRB- they really like that fleecy material -RRB- and this bear is holding up like a champ .
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 My miniature pinscher Bella has this little bear and a little duck . Both of them she 's had since she was a baby , 9 months ago and both of them are still in great condition . They last a long time ! She has torn up many toys in the past but these have held up with no problem at all ! They are definitely two of her favorite toys ! They are very small though , do n't buy them if you have a larger dog at all , I think they are just best for toy breed dogs , Bella is 6 pounds .
 Very good quality item . My dog is still playing with it a month later ! Good value and highly recommend A +
 I was hoping this was going to be a larger bear -LRB- I should have looked at dimensions -RRB- , but either way , my dog loved this bear until my sisters much larger dog ripped it -LRB- haha -RRB- . My 35 lb Beagle mix loved it though , she would throw it around the room all the time.In case it does n't show on here , I bought my dog the medium sized one .
 My dogs loved it although it did n't last long once the Jack Russell got a hold of it . The nice thing is that there is very little stuffing so even when torn up it made a minimal mess .
 This is a super cute bear and really soft . I bought it for a smooth haired fox terrier but the bear came in much smaller than I thought . I actually gave it to my toy rat terrier -LRB- 4.5 lbs -RRB- because I did not think it would survive the larger dog -LRB- she destroys everything -RRB- . I would buy a bigger one and try it for her - 25 lbs-ish . My small dog does have a harder time squeaking it , but she is persistant .
 I have a Jack Russell Terrier that is a chew-maniac . I bought this bear hoping it would last a bit longer than most , based on good things I have heard about the Kong brand . It 's been about a month and a half now , and he has ripped out the pouch for the replaceable squeaker -LRB- the squeaker itself was the 1st thing to go - in the first week -RRB- , but the squeaker in the bear 's head is still there . Aside from that , the rest of the bear is fully intact . My pup treats it with care , not biting as hard as usual when playing tug of war . He also plays fetch with it , but surprisingly does not chew it . I have seen him licking it and carrying it around though . When I get home from work , he often greets me at the door with a toy already in his mouth , and this bear is definitely one of his favorites .
 These will not be great for dogs who are especially destructive , or rough on their toys , especially those who 've been taught to destroy plush animals . It is great for calmer dogs who just want to fetch , play gently , or want a `` snuggly '' -LRB- yes , my dogs are a bit odd -RRB- .
 The dog love it and it lasted a good time -LRB- around 3 or 4 months -RRB- before the dogs &#34; took care of it . &#34;
 Purchased for a mini shih-tzu for Christmas . This teddy bear is her absolute favorite toy . Not only does she play with it by squeaking it and carrying it around , she takes it to bed with her at night . She holds her bear under her paws . Provides security for her .
 My 2 yr old standard schnauzer will chew through anything . I 've been searching for a bully stick that will last more than 20 minutes with her , and still have n't found one . For some reason though , she plays with this toy differently . Handles it gingerly and is more interested in playing catch with herself than tugging and tearing . That said , this is the first non-animal-part toy that has lasted more than 5 minutes . It has become her favorite over the past 24 hours , which is 24 times longer than I thought it would last.Update
 My first dog loved this toy as soon as I took it out of the box . He is n't an aggressive chewer , so I do n't have to worry about the toy being ripped apart . He likes to throw it around and chew on it . ** UPDATE ** After 6 months , the paws and ears have been chewed off , but overall still a useable toy . I got a second dog in September , and the two dogs tug on this and love it still .
 I bought the `` Extra small '' size for my boston terrier for his very first toy ... it was a perfect size for him , considering he was 2.5 pounds . He still plays with it , even though it can fit entirely in his mouth ... I have bought the `` small '' frog and he was unable to destroy it for about 4-5 weeks -LRB- which is the longest lasting toy to date -RRB- . Now that he is fully grown , I have purchased the `` Medium '' Teddy Bear , and he still plays with it roughly . They are great since you can give it to them without a squeaker so he does n't try as hard to destroy it in hopes of obtaining the squeaker ! It is hard finding dog toys that are soft and do n't have squeakers ! Judging by the size of this toy , I would n't think it should be given to a dog over 25-30 pounds .
 My little 12 pound Chihuahua/Dachshund/Jack Russell mix is in LOVE with this toy . She loves loves loves plush toys , but we do n't typically buy them for her because she gets the stuffing out too easily and the squeakers are a bit irritating after awhile . But THIS toy has changed that . We got the extra small , which is definitely very small , but totally perfect for her . The velcro opening in the back makes it super easy to remove the squeaker , and there is basically no stuffing . We have n't had to even remove the squeaker , though ... she 's much more interested in gnawing on the toy , or trying to eat it like it 's corn on the cob ! We like the squeaker , because she loves the sound but has n't quite figured out how to make it squeak herself :-RRB- I would definitely buy this again when this little one meets its demise , but I do n't see that happening anytime soon .
 Sturdy , yet very soft toy , perfect size for pug . comes with extra squeaker , which I surprisingly have n't had to use yet .
 My 6 month old Schnoodle has ripped apart every single soft toy she 's ever had . . except this one ! She chews on it all day long and still has n't destroyed the squeaker . I highly recommend this toy for your furry friends : -RRB-
 My dog loves this bear . It 's long-lasting because only the head has stuffing , so he can carry it and chew it . He loves making it squeak and will jump over the couch to get it when I throw it for him to fetch it .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 I purchased these pads on 7/30/09 , I recieved them about a week later Via UPS Ground . I am very pleased with this product , the urine does not soak through to the floor and the pads are very absorbent . I have a 30lb Beagle , she pees lots and these pads can stand up to what she dishes out .
 While this is defintly softer than the thick pointed curry comb , it is not that soft . I have an OTTB and i still ca n't use this on his stomach or flank , hopefully with more use it will loosen up .
 These fake plants look better than most you can find at pet stores for twice the money . My only complaint with them is that they have the same problems as many fake aquarium plants . The stems of the plants tend to detach a bit too easily when putting them in your tank , so often when cleaning the tank , a stalk will come floating to the surface and has to be re-attached . That complaint I have had with most of the many fake plants I have purchased , no matter how much I have spent , so I would n't say this is a bad product , especially for the price range .
 The plant leafs are very red , more than it looked in the picture . A small piece fell off while I was rinsing it off but I was able to reattach it .
 For anyone who 's ever grown the real ones , you 'll appreciate these plants . Although plastic the color is nice and holds up just fine in the aquarium . Have received many compliments on the color of these plants in my tank . Highly recommend these .
 These fake plants look better than most you can find at pet stores for twice the money . My only complaint with them is that they have the same problems as many fake aquarium plants . The stems of the plants tend to detach a bit too easily when putting them in your tank , so often when cleaning the tank , a stalk will come floating to the surface and has to be re-attached . That complaint I have had with most of the many fake plants I have purchased , no matter how much I have spent , so I would n't say this is a bad product , especially for the price range .
 Like any plants shaped like this it collects everything that floats by . But I absolutely love it .
 My bun LOVED these . It took him all day to eat one , and since I 'm such a spoiler , it helped me not overfeed him .
 8in1 Wacky Wabbit Carrot & Alfalfa Twist , 2-OunceThis is an EXCELLENT treat for rabbits ! Our rabbit loves to chew these , and since they are much harder then fresh carrots , it takes her all day to finish one .
 This plant looked great in our 20 gallon , brightened it up a lot . It 's sturdy , did n't experience any issues with it breaking at all . Looked good . : -RRB-
 I bought these as a gift for my daughters ferrets . They loved them , even the one who is n't crazy about treats . They were priced right , will buy again .
 My ferret , Chong , is an extremely picky eater . She would n't touch any type of `` Bandit '' treats , so I thought I 'd give these treats a try . I let her smell the can , and eventually she picked something out and began to chew it . At first , I thought she 'd turn her nose up at these treats , but she seemed to LIKE them . As soon as she finished her first , I could n't get her off of me ... she just kept begging for treats ! All in all , these treats satisfied my picky ferret , but they should be given sparingly since ferrets can not digest vast quantities of fruit/peanut butter .
 One of my fuzzies ca n't get enough of these treats ! Great for rewards or just a snack .
 My Minky 's favorite treat ... I mix it with her food , and we always have breakfast together .
 My 8 Bunnies will even kiss me in the morning -- as long as I have a can of Ecotrition in my hand ready to pour a few precious kernels onto their fresh bunny food . These ` treats ' for bunnies are like feeding kids spinach that tastes like chocolate ; now would n't you like to find THAT food ? Well , for the bunnies , it 's all in this little can -- beans and greens or nuts and veggies , best try a little bit of both , but get a few cans when you order , your bunnies will thank you , too , with the kiss of anticipation and appreciation .
 My rabbit liked everything but the beans . I tried mixing them in and nothing . Picked them out every time . It is a small can but I saved it for an emergency -LRB- which in this case was ran out of rabbit food during an ice storm -RRB- so it was nice to have a small can of food just in case ...
 My rabbit liked it , but would leave the beans behind , not big on them ... she likes the greens much better !
 My rabbit loves it ! It has a lot of different things in it . . Sure to delilght everyone 's pets !
 The selections of Ecotrition selections for my bunnies were carefully chosen -- I did n't want to give them something that was artificial , something that was sugary , or that would distract them from their ` nutritional feed ' . This snack to them would be like celery and carrots for me -- healthy and fun to eat -- but not replacing basic foods either . They love their treat -- they look forward to putting their noses in the can to get a few special treats , an impatient bunny will tip up the can on another to hurry the treat in his/her direction . Just great treat all around for all of us . I hope it does n't disappear ; we would all be sad .
 we bought the Sherpa Ultimate based on what I had read on traveling with pets forums . We have a Parsons Russell Terrier that we wanted to take with us on regular cross country trips , and figured we 'd try this - Amazon is so easy to deal with if something does n't work out and needs to be returned . The bag is almost great but not great only because of kind weird Made-in-China things , strong plastic smell that did n't go away , not quite right seams , slightly off materials . I wanted to air it out well before our dog was stuck in it for hours on end . The good parts ? There are many . There is a long , zippered pocket on one side that can take a collapsing water dish , water bottle , toys , papers ... all sorts of things . Two ends and the side opposite the pocket roll up and clip open for ventilation and a view out , important because it can get really warm in there during a flight . The bottom is stiff and removable and covered with a kind of cheesy sheepskin-like stuff , but it works for Maggie - she has learned to just go to sleep when we put her in it . The top and one end open for access , and it 's been pretty easy to get our dog in and out . The carrying shoulder strap is kind of uncomfortable , but most are . The first trip , Maggie tried to chew her way out of the bag , chewing on some interior seams , but was n't able to break them - we did n't give her much time to really work on them , but it seemed pretty well constructed . The handles have a nice , big snap together grip which is handy . I 've also used it to transport her in our vintage convertible , strapping the bag in the back seat with the seat belts , so we can take her with us with the top down . In all , I 'd buy it again , unless there was a more local alternative .
 I 've only used the bag on two trips so far , but it 's been great . Much larger than the previous bag I had , even though I think the specs on this one `` look '' smaller . The reason is because this bag is rectangular , whereas my last bag got skinnier at the top and really ended up making the entire area inside much smaller . But having the sides go straight up , this bag feels bigger to me , less claustrophobic . My dog is liking it , it seems sturdy -LRB- but again , have only used it twice -RRB- , I very much appreciated it having a shoulder strap -LRB- my last bag did n't , and it 's horrible carrying it by hand if you 're ever forced to -RRB- . My only concern with any of these bags is how well they do over the long haul , but so far after a few uses I 'm very pleased . It 's exactly what I was looking for -LRB- and it 's more or less guaranteed to be the size that American Airlines at least wants . Having said that , I found I had to scrunch it a little to get it under the airline seat , and it sticks out a little by your feet -LRB- hopefully the flight attendants wo n't complain -RRB- .
 This bag is a quite practical transportation bag which is also nicely constructed . However , for hiding and sleeping , my cats still choose the old plastic carrier over the -LRB- more expensive -RRB- cozy bag .
 I have a finicky hedgehog who declines fresh fruit , vegetables or even crickets . Yet I tried these on a whim and she picks the treats out of her regular food to eat first .
 no affense to the seller but no one should buy fruit products for there ferret they are striklry meat eaters and ive done alot of research and talking to vets . raisens can cause alot of problems for ferrets and are almost deadly . i sugust you all to reasearch first befor feeding your ferrets too
 My ferrets like the fruit bits in this treat . They are n't too keen on the hard food that comes with the fruit .
 I have 3 of these in different sizes . They have the room a small animal needs when traveling . Lots of fabric screening so air can circulate and the pet can see what 's going on while still feeling protected and secure .
 Recovery is well known as the beat for horses and people . Now this product is the best of the best for dogs !!!
 This product has done wonders for my now 10 yr old Yellow Lab . I 've had her on it for 3 yrs , and she 's as playful now as she was when she was 5 . She had a herniated disc when she was 7 , which prompted me to try Recovery . It 's easy to use and Inexpensive for the benefits it brings !
 I 've used this product for over a year & it works . I can see a difference when I run out of it with my Cavalier 's movements .
 my cat loves these spongy foam balls , she loves them because she can bite into them when she 's roams around the house .
 I rescued my girl , Daisy , 11 1/2 years ago . She is very particular about her toys and will only play with these type of balls . Ten years ago , they could be easily found in various pet stores , but have since become more & more difficult to locate . I was thrilled when I searched online and came across them . Daisy goes through 1 ball per month . When I say `` goes through '' them , I mean she plays really hard . Not only does she play soccer with them , but bites & carries them around too . After about a month , the rubber does start to come apart , so I throw them away from fear that she could ingest pieces . I recently ordered 60 -LRB- 15 packs with 4 balls in each -RRB- of them for her . She reassures me it was the best money I could have ever spent every time I see her batting them around the house !
 After years of being owned by cats , one thing I 've learned is that adult felines are notoriously unimpressed with the plethora of playthings on the market ; such are made for kittens . All I know is , we 've got a basketful of assorted furry , curly , crinkly , tinkly , bouncy , and squeaky doo-dads with which are current three kitty queens are aloofly unimpressed . They give emphasis to the regal remonstrance , `` We are not amused . '' Thinking back , among the objects that 've met with enthusiastic approval are Q-tips , wine corks , dirty socks , expired credit cards , satisfyingly shreddable rolls of mounted toilet paper , and , in one notably successful instance , a short length of grubby , knotted , drapery cord that Trouble , before she got old and grouchy , scampered to fetch like a dog does a thrown ball.In the case of Hidie , a two-year old , short-haired calico adopted last year , the CATNIP WOOD BALL has been a continuing source of her fun . Whether it 's due or not to the bolus of catnip that can be stuffed inside via a snug-fitting plug is open to conjecture . Rather , we suspect it 's the noise it makes after being swatted across our hardwood floors since she also seems to like the golf balls that rumble . Since the wooden ball is n't perfectly round but barrel-shaped , there 's an undertone of clatter to its passage . So , in the wee hours , we may awaken to `` rattle , rattle , rattle , rattle , BUMP '' as the toy hits the baseboard . Or , `` rattle , rattle , rattle , rattle , SWOOSH '' as she chases it into a pile of used bubble wrap and tissue gift paper . -LRB- Our living room needs to be tidied-up before company . -RRB- Recently , the CATNIP WOOD BALL has disappeared . I 've looked under the couch , dressers and TV cabinet , inside the fireplace , and behind the book shelves , refrigerator , washer and dryer . It 's a little too big to be rolled under doors into closets or down the central heating/AC floor vents . I suspect foul play . Has the wife surreptitiously tossed the toy after being aroused from slumber once too often?I 've ordered two more .
 The Precision 3-door is everything as advertised . It 's sturdy , easy to fold and set up , and includes the divider for partitioning the cage for a puppy . I 'm especially glad I got the 3-door model , because it allows access no matter where we move the crate to .
 This is our second Precision Deluxe Great Crate . The crate is very well made and will last a very long time . We 've never been disappointed with the Precision brand !
 My dogs will only eat Dingo Bones , they love them . I keep them in a cabinet and at least once a day they sit in front of the cabinet until they get their bone !
 Heavens forbid I run out of these meaty dingo treats - my dog would leave . Dingo 's are the only chew treats he eats . I have n't had any , so I 'll post his preference and appreciation of these .
 Pooch LOVES these bones !!!! The box was delivered to the house and she immediately started pawing at the package . They are the perfect size for a small dog to enjoy .
 I purchased these for our , out-of-state , daughter 's adult Shih-Tzu , to tuck in with a `` family goody box . '' She said that `` Bailey '' started sniffing the treat package before she could open it and that he most thoroughly enjoyed every one of them !
 We have two miniature dachshunds who just love these . Every morning theyget one and are so excited ! I think that keeping them chewing theseprevents them from chewing things they should n't ! They are wonderful , the dogs and the treats !!
 My dog 's a chewer and these are his favorite chew snacks . He loves the little bit of meat wrapped in the center and it keeps him entertained for a good hour as he nibbles away .
 My Chihuahua loves these!They are the perfect size!These keep her busy for hours and hours on end!She loves to get to the middle !
 these are great . . my dog likes ! at first he did n't like , but now he enjoys them . I recommend.yum yum yum for little dogs
 My babies love these ! I would n't buy any other type of bones other than Dingo 's .
 My dog is fussy about what she 'll spend her time gnawing on but she loves these dingo bones ! I do n't feed her one every day , she 's little so it takes her several days to finish one .
 Bought this pack to try since my dog has a fussy system when it comes to some flavors of treats . He does n't get them every day , has n't had any adverse reaction and is happy when he does get one . Does n't last long but that 's not what it 's intended for .
 This is one of the few rawhide products our little dog likes . Usually she gets bored but these she attacks to get the meaty middle out , and the whole bone gets consumed . Quite expensive in the stores , I thought these were offered for a good price , so she can get to enjoy them more often .
 my dogs love these chews Keeps them busy and they like the flavor that is insidewill shop for these again
 There 's not much you can say about a dog treat . My maltese loves small bones and these were no exception . He ate every one of them . -LRB- not all at one time , of course -RRB- .
 These are better for small dogs , but my 2 - 60lb dogs are not too coosey and will eat anything : -RRB-
 My dog loved the beef tracheas . The delivery was prompt . The only down side was trying to get the best shipping rate .
 My dog loves the sound this toy makes . She also had the wiggly-jiggly ball but the jack is easier for her to pick up and run with.great toy . . I recommend it to all my friends who have dogs .
 My two boys , Kwazi and Ngozi love to play with this toy.I am buying the `` third '' one!They chew it up and I have to take the noise-makers away when they get them out.I wish it could last longer for the real `` tough '' chewers .
 My 3 mo old dalmatian absolutely loves this jack ! He attacks it over and over and seems to think he is really accomplishing something by doing so , killer instinct I guess . When I take it away and try to get him to play with something else , he may spend a few moments with whatever I give him but always goes back for the jack and if I have put it up he actually will stare at me and wait for me to put it back down for him to attack ! Sound is annoying after a while if in a small room and he 's been going at it for 20 or 30 minutes , but outside it is the greatest and keeps him occupied and out of trouble !
 Keeping the bowls off the floor really does keep the messes to a minimum . The animals are not dragging the food off the plates while they are eating . And they seem to like standing instead of bending knee and neck to eat . It was easy to install using only a phillips screwdriver and the included screws . And because of all the options , the finish matches the wall perfectly .
 I have a small dog and it is very hard to find bones small enough for her to tackle . This was just the right size !
 This kefir starter is easy to use and tastes great . Once you have made your first batch , just remove 1/4 cup of it before adding -LRB- optional -RRB- flavor and you have the starter for your next batch .
 This works just like it should . The yogurt is quite yummy.It was priced well and came quickly.Great product !
 I put this in the bottom of my little filter I have at home . Keeps my fishbowl looking crystal clear and odorless .
 My lil ' Amy was a rescue kitten found abandon on the side of the road . She looked pitiful and sickly when I got her since her hair was thin and patchy . I could n't help but fall in love with the poor thing , and trying to nurse her back to health . Unfortuantely , she had constant diarrhea and I ended up trying several brands of kitten food before finally setting on Purina ONE 's sensitive formula for kittens . She blossomed beautifully with the stuff - growing a thick fur coat and had no more litter problems . After she grew out of the kitten stage , and since money was tight , I put her on Whiskas . While she loved it and looked fine , I was n't monitoring her food and she grew really fat and lazy . When I gave her less , she would constantly meow at her empty bowl.I bought Purina ONE 's weight/hairball formula and gave her the amount of food she wanted to eat . Even with a minimal decrease in food intake , she started losing weight within a few weeks , and is finally down to a normal weight a few months later . She seems to be a more active as well . I rarely hear any hairball-hacking , even though she spends most of the day grooming herself . Best of all , my fellow cat-owning friends have asked what brand of food and shampoo I use since her fur is super shiny and very silky . It is well worth the few extra dollars a month for food since I ended up with a healthier cat .
 I have two adult male cats , one I got as a kitten -LRB- Winston -RRB- from a co-worker and another I adopted when he was almost two yeas old from a shelter -LRB- Peter -RRB- . I decided to feed them both this brand of cat food , they love it and are both healthy and playful.They both have a very shinny coat too even though they do not like to get brushed .
 We bought this for our healer mix female -LRB- she is about 40 lbs . -RRB- for the basement . Great quality and easy to assemble .
 I bought this crate to give my 2 chihuahuas more room . They can both stretch out without any problems . It 's great !
 My Dogs love these ! They have quality ingredients and I can feel confident that they 're safe , as they 're made in the U.S. Note
 My friend who shares her life with a Newfoundland gave my Belgian Sheep Dog one of these treats . My dog loved the treats . The Newfie has allergies so she is limited to what she can have . My dog does not have that problem , but I am careful what I feed him.You can break up the strips into smaller pieces to make them go further or for a quick treat . They do n't crumble in your pocket . However , do keep the treats in a baggie in your pocket as the treats had a smell to them . They are not greasy or messy to handle .
 It 's great to find organic dog treats , and at a reasonable price . Both of my English Setters think these are delicious . I learned about them when Lola brought them with her from her foster home .
 Plato Chicken treats are perfect for our dog . She has gastrointestinal problems and needs to have a treat that is primarily composed of chicken or turkey . Also , Plato products are made in the USA and not China and are subject to our more rigorous standards . I highly recommend these treats .
 Great perches . Especially for the larger birds like Macaws . Just be sure to get the wingnuts on really tight or the bird will play with it and unhook it . It 's not a manufacturing defect . It 's just because the birds are so smart and have such strong beaks ! lol
 4.5 stars
 My dog and I love this stoller . I got it because my Jack Russell has been slowing down as he gets older and does n't have the desire to run as far . So when he gets tired , I just pop him in for a rest ! The stroller can be a little noisy-but if you have your ipod on , you wo n't notice . Also , I live at the beach and it DOES NOT do well on the sand . Other than that we are pretty pleased !
 This is a decent stroller . It will hold 2 small dogs between 6-10 lbs . I previously had a bigger stroller which gave them more room , but was difficult to fold and lift into the cargo bin of my SUV . This stroller is smaller and much easier to fold and lighter weight . However , this stroller would be difficult for a person taller than 5 ' 5 '' to push due to it 's height.Regarding customer service
 Shipping was fast , easy assembling , easy open and close . Stroll smoothly . The only thing that I was bit disappointed is the storage bag on the bottom . Picture show purple color which make a good combination with the upper pink . But the one I received is the same pink color as the upper area .
 We use it every day . My dog does not like to walk far distances , so I stroll him down by the bike path then take him out of the stroller . He takes his walk and does his business and then we stroll back home . Very easy to open and close .
 I just received this stroller this evening and put it together right way . The rear wheels snapped onto the assembly easily . The rear wheel assembly was a little difficult to attach to the frame as the frame was a little narrower than the assembly mounts . A few gentle taps with a hammer to the frame and the rear wheel assembly then slide on and snapped into place . The front wheel assembly also snapped into place easily . That 's it ! The cup holder was already installed . The unit moves smoothly , the wheels are air free -LRB- so no flats -RRB- . The frame folds down very easily , yet has a simple set of latches on each side to lock it in place . It is light enough that I can lift the unit and put it my mini-van . The rear wheels have a single bar to lock and release the rear wheels . There is a little flange on the front wheel assembly to lock it in a forward position if you do n't want the wheel turning on rough surface terrain.The product appears to be well constructed . There is a support bar around the front on the carrier so the dogs can sit and look out without falling out . There are two lead attachments for two small dogs . I have a 5 pound and a 7.5 pound Papillon and they seem to enjoy being in the stroller -LRB- of course liberal use of treats always helps -RRB- . I pushed the stroller with the dogs in it around my house over tile and wood floors , even over a few dog toys and it rolled easily . I am looking forward to using it at dog competitions where I need to switch dogs rather rapidly . Also I want to use it to keep the dogs calm and quiet in the narrow hallways to go outside from our vacation condo .
 This stroller is wonderful . It is easy to open , close , and has a good steering radius . I LOVE that there are two small straps inside that hook onto my dogs harness . My beagle has learned quickly that she ca n't leap out . What would have made the stroller perfect would have been for the inside of the stroller to be a few inches longer . My dog ca n't stretch out and has to lay curled up a bit . Also the basket under the stroller is a bit hard to get at . It is perfect for a dog bowl and a bottle of water . It will not be convient for personal items , as would be a child 's stroller.On the whole I would absolutely tell a friend to buy this stroller .
 Our greyhound absolutely loves these bones ! Even though it 's designed to clean her teeth , I think she plans her day around the opportunity to chew on this luscious bone . She knows she gets the bone after she finishes her dinner . I think she would eat sawdust to get to this bone ! Like the original Coke recipe , does it have Cocaine in it ? Our dog is a loving , docile pet , but regularly growls if we try to take it away from her ... we give her 1/3 of a bone after each dinner meal . Too much of this product seems to effect the stool negatively . If you want your dog to place you on a pedestal , buy this product !
 Nice size and quality for the price . My dogs chew this things 24/7 . Fast shipping . No problems .
 I 've used this product a lot and it does not disappoint . Dingo dog bones help to keep my dogs teeth clean .
 My 7 year old dachshund has really bad teeth . She gets one these daily and I believe it really helps clean off some of the tarter she has .
 My American Bulldog , Chaos , loves Dingo Dental Bone . Sadly , the bone is gone within a day because of his teeth ! But it 's ok because what matters is that he 's entertained when he chews on it and does not chew on things that he 's not supposed to :--RRB- .
 I wanted them for making sausage and they are WAY too big for that , but I needed some for light fencing anyway so they are great for that .
 Decker Hill 's hog ringers worked well for the fencing job I used them on . I was n't quite sure if this was the size I wanted , but a little research on other sites helped me determine it was . I wish I could have found the galavanized rings instead of the copper as I used them for fencing not pig noses , but it got the wire up and in place . Would buy again if needed . Amazon has great service and selections .
 the dogs like it but my big boxer wants to eat it the little boxer just chases it
 This is a grand toy -- at least on uncarpeted floors . The cats go wild over this mouse . So funny to watch .
 Not sure why this toy has a low user review , but I purchased it anyway -LRB- been using it for about a month -RRB- since I was looking for something small and remote controlled to play with our cat . We tend to spoil him so we 've accumulated quite a variety of toys and this is one of the few that he still gets excited about . A few tips about this toy :1 . The mouse holds a notably longer charge after the first few recharges , so do n't judge its charging capacity until you 've drawn down and recharged a couple of times .2 . It 's quite zippy and works well on hard wood floors , not well on carpet . Hair does get wrapped around the wheel/axles , but I just use a tweezer to remove them periodically and the mouse is good as new .3 . There 's a small lever on the bottom of the mouse that allows you to calibrate the direction of the mouse 's front wheels at its `` natural '' position . This allows you to correct any turning bias it may have .4 . Our cat loves it when you combine the mouse with a large sheet of paper -LRB- like a newspaper -RRB- . Crinkle/bend the edges of the paper up , so you can zip the mouse underneath it ; wait a few seconds and watch your cat go into ninja pounce mode to attack and try to dig out/bat the mouse under the paper .
 There are three cats in my shared apartment ; and I purchased the toy as more of a joke than for cat entertainment . I did n't figure this toy to be of value , when I was n't behind the control . Suprisingly , all three cats love this toy . They team up to bat it around , carry it in their mouths , etc. . The three cats range from rather portly and ` slow ' to hyperactive - all three enjoy the Micro Mouse in his/her own cat way . Enjoy !
 I love this toy and so does my kitten ! I have tried numerous moving mouse toys such as the cy-purr mouse and the battery opreated mouse in the plastic ball but he didnt like those because they are way to slow . He chases it everywhere and especially likes to swat it when it goes too close to his food bowl . The only problem with this is that it is small and white and so is the kitchen floor where it works best . I forgot to put it away and a few hours later I stepped on it so now im buying another . Hopefully this one will last more than 2 days .
 Great product ! Lasts and gets rid of the doggie odor . Not overpowering , just a small spray will do . I have tied alot of products and found this works the best on my dog.Black is the original scent - brut -LRB- a clean scent , resembles a nice men 's cologne -RRB- Silver - Sunflower scentGold - Poison-like scentRed - CK One-like scent
 I originally purchased this for my dogs in hawaii and loved it . It also makes a great air freshener . One shot and a good size room will smell good for hours . On pets the smell lasts for weeks unless they get wet .
 Have used this before . The has a pleasant smell and really works well . Good pet cologne . I would recommend this .
 One little squirt and my dog smells good for several days . She likes it too ! I will be ordering again !
 Great product ! Lasts and gets rid of the doggie smell . Not overpowering , just a small spray will do . I have tied alot of products and found this works the best on my dog . The others did ` nt last very long -LRB- one day -RRB- or smell as pleasant . It really smells like people perfume.Silver - Sunflower -LRB- Elizabeth Arden -RRB- scentGold - Poison-like scentRed - CK One-like scentBlack is the original scent - brut -LRB- a clean scent , resembles a nice men 's cologne -RRB-
 Four paws has always been my favorite cologne for dogs for years . Well they did it again . . a winner in my book ! My little guy smells soooo good with just a small spray and it lasts so long . A pleasant clean fragrance that I recommend highly .
 This item is used everyday on my dog and he smells so good . This is an excellent product . I highly recommend .
 THIS IS A FABULOUS PRODUCT WHEN YOU HAVE A DOG WHO IS LIKE TRYING TO CATCH A GREASED PIG TO GIVE THEM A PILL . NOW HE IS AT THE COUNTER TO LET ME KNOW IT 'S PILL TIME . YES , HE IS ODD , BUT IT WORKS WONDERFULLY AND HE DOES N'T MIND TAKING PILLS NOW . BEST PRODUCTS FOR PETS IN LONG TIME .
 In our house , even if our greyhound is sleeping in another room , all I have to do is touch the Greenies bag and the greyhound suddenly appears right in front of me , wagging his tail . He really enjoys the treats , scampering to his bed with each one and even cleaning up every little tiny crumb when he is done . And best of all for us , the human owners , he has nice breath afterward .
 My dogs LOVE Greenies . They loves the chewy bones , biscuits , the works.These are fantastic treats for your pups !!!
 My 60 lb Ridgeback-mix loves the regular Greenies bones so I figured I give these a try . He now expects these in the morning after our walk and prefers them even over things like MarroBones or any basted milk bone . Seems to help keep his breath reasonably nice , as well . Since this item qualifies for Amazon Prime , there 's no shipping and I can get them in a couple of days if I realize I 'm running low . If your dog likes the regular Greenies , these will probably be popular with him , too ... they are with mine .
 I just have to say `` cookie '' and the dogs come running !!
 ... they 're available for a little over $ 5.00 at dog dot com -LRB- shipping is free over $ 50 , otherwise they gouge you on shipping -RRB- . I 'm a little surprised Amazon does n't offer a better deal !
 I read lots and lots of reviews of lots of birdbaths prior to buying this one . There was one review of this birdbath that I read that said the birds loved it , and they do . It is light weight , easy to dump the water out , and holds enough water but not too much so the birds will drink from it . You will not be unhappy with this birdbath if you purchase it .
 I have it hanging on the side of the cage to allow for the most space in the cage . Other wheels that may have cost more were n't as good as this one .
 My pet rats absolutely love their exercise wheel ! The absolute best feature of this item are the small hooks on the base . This is such a great feature because my rats live in a metal wire cage and we actually attached the wheel to the side of the cage for their use ! Great Item : -RRB-
 This is absolutely perfect for our bunny ! We have a New Holland Mini Lops and the cage is a pretty good size . In the beginning we tried a little pan very similar to this one , only it did not have the scatterless tray . HUGE difference the tray makes . Our bunny did great with litter training , but whenever the poor baby went to hop out of the litter pan , the litter would scatter everywhere . This pan took care of that problem and the cage remains amazingly clean ! The fact that it slides onto cage hooks included , makes it easy to keep in place . Highly recommend !!!
 This is a great litter pan ! I bought this for my rabbit and it works great for keeping her feet out of her business !
 This is a great product but the claps for attaching it to the cage were not included . I ended up using wiring to secure it in place . If it 's not secure , the tray would move and possibly tip over when the rabbit jumps off .
 This litter pan is great . It keeps my bunnies spotless clean and their cages as well . Easy to take out of their cage to clean . Has a clip to keep it in the corner but allows you to just lift it out of the cage easily . Perfect size for my holland lop and lionhead . Good product . Great seller .
 Mainly i got this for my dwarf lionhead rabbit . however , its a little short/small for her even at 3lbs . She can sit on it to use it but id probably prefer a larger pan where she doesnt have to stand so upright . otherwise it keeps things tidier in the house . I use it as an extra in house litter box .
 My beloved dog of 12 years old passed away and I thought this cute box was perfect to put , keep and protect his items to remember him by . I did not get the chance to get the mold from his paw , but thats ok i have so many other great memories of his life by my side . I miss him very much.I really recommend this product . It has a great natural dark wood color , a place to put his picture , a place to put paw inprint , and lots of storage . I just wish it had like a lock on the top so it wo n't open if it falls or something .
 This is a great item for human babies too . I had bought a Memory Box packaged for human babies for my 1st grandchild two years ago . I could not find the same seller or box in January for my 2nd . I found this one & decided to take a chance because it looked & sounded line the same product . It is the identical box ! Everything is the same except the wrapper has a dog on it instead of a baby . Now my 2 grandchildren have the same keepsake box for their footprint , hospital bracelets , first hair clipping , photos , etc. .
 I was told by my Vet to buy a perch with magnets in it for my Parrots sore feet . She loves this and stands on it alot . It is also a great grooming perch as well . I ca n't tell if it works but , I do like it .
 I bought this corner litter box from a pet store and it was more expensive than here on Amazon . But I love it . This was the last one they had in this size at the store . And it fits perfectly with our cage that comes in the Super Pet Complete Home Kit for Rabbits . We have two small bunnies and we potty trained them in this corner litter to avoid having to line the entire bottom of cage with bedding or paper . It 's a lot less waste in terms of using bedding . I love the higher back and the screwing locks on the back . It prevents the bunnies from tipping it over . Our cage is getting too small to hold both bunnies so I plan on getting a another one of these litter boxes for the second cage I 'm buying ! I only wish the high sides were an inch or so higher and that there could be adjustable setting to lock the litter in place but other than that , its a great product .
 I bought this pan to put in my guinea pigs cage and fits in the corner perfectly . It is a little difficult latching it in correctly , but stays put once you do .
 This has saved me so much time and money ! My bunnies are Mini-Rex sisters who share a 2 level cage in my house . I was having to change the drop pan shavings every 3 days , & stinky , EWWWW ! This litter box fits in the corner & it 's easy to put in & take out , THEY USE IT . I dump it every other day to every day . My cage shavings now last 2 weeks so I 'm using a fraction of what I used to . Very happy with it ! * I would have liked blue , or to pick my color though , mine is white .
 Great product
 For the most part it works well . The only thing is the fasteners are n't made to the dimensions of my cage . This is understandable since I bought the cage years ago . I was able to &#34; jimmy &#34; it into place & my girls are using it more regularly .
 I have two guinea pigs -- one little pigg uses the pottie almost all the time so I save lots of time and money by not having to change her cage litter so often . The other little pigg uses her pottie from 1/4 to 1/2 of the time but I still save some time and money . The pan attached easily to my wire cage . I put a little tiny bit of litter and hay in it to give them the idea and I was very surprised they actually started using it the first day .
 Item arrived within two days of ordering and was packaged very well . This is the perfect size litter pan for medium and large rabbit cages . Works well for putting in corners of the house when bunnies are out of their cages for playtime .
 I had my male cat on this food awhile back and he not only liked it , he seemed to do very well on it . I have tried everything from Acana , Wellness , Wellness Core , Innova , and a bunch of other cat foods and my cats did not do well on them . In researching cat foods , I discovered wet food is ideal and that carbs are bad , as they can cause diabetes , UTI , etc. . My male cat has had 2 UTI 's on other high carb foods . So now I 've been trying grain free foods and making one of their meals canned food each day . But it is too costly to feed 3 cats only canned every day , so I want to split half dry half wet . I am torn between buying this food , which my cat did well on , or trying the grain free , which I do n't know how they will do on . I was tempted to try EVO , but now I think it may actually be too high in protein . So I 'm going to buy either this one or the grain free Go Natural cat food today . I 'll probably try the grain free .
 I have been purchasing Artic Paws products for years . I use to order direct from the company in Alaska . Thankfully now it is easier to order Yummy Chummies . They have the best treats for dogs !
 Bought these for use indoors on a 70lb Lab mix . Had a pair of knock offs that she could shake off in just a few minutes . These work very good for what we wanted
 My insatiable Rhodesian Ridgeback , who chews through all toys in about 3 seconds flat , takes her time with this one . It actually keeps her occupied for a good hour , if not more . Highly recommend . I 'm ordering more !
 Any flavor , any shape , Dingo Bones are a HIT with our Corgi ! Five paws , er , STARS !
 When a dog needs eye protection , Doggles are the product to use . My Siberian husky developed eye problems and we were strongly encouraged by our vet to use sunglasses for her . After finding that the regular Doggles were simply intolerable for my dog , we tried the K9 optix variety , and have had much more success with them.The head straps work very well , keeping the glasses in place while walking and running about . My Siberian took to wearing her Doggles very quickly , and while she does not exactly enjoy them , at least she tolerates them well . We always get lots of attention when we go out and she is wearing her cool shades . People ca n't resist a dog with glasses!I ordered the size large silver framed style , only to find that the nose piece was much too wide , despite my dog being the correct weight on the Doggles sizing chart . Owners of breeds with slender muzzles such as shelties or greyhounds may want to be careful when buying the weight recommended size , as the nose piece might be too big , which causes the glasses to slip downward and not cover the eyes . Also , the nose piece itself was very fragile , and broke after only a few months without any replacement pieces available . If the glasses themselves were more resilient , and the sizing chart more refined , these would be the ultimate buy .
 Provides eye safety for your pet while giving them that `` boy am I cool '' look . Does n't take too long for the pet to become accustomed to them , and now my Golden Retriever is thrilled whenever I get the Doggles out , because she knows a ride in the car is next.Only down-side is that after many months of use , the plastic pieces that hold the straps on become brittle and break . Manufacture does not sell replacement parts , so you have to purchase a whole new set of Doggles . Not terribly expensive , but still , replacement parts should be possible ...
 These fit great and look very cool . They do n't protect as much as I thought , but the dog does n't lose any field of vision . So that 's a plus .
 he will like them when I get him train on him . But Mom really love them . Daddy thought it was cute
 They are absolutely adorable ! I did n't think they would fit right , but they are great ! And they stay on , believe it or not
 Sun glasses are great . I live in Florida where these are a must . ALso have white german shepherd which people are highly intimmidated by . By putting these sun glasses on my dog , people are distracted from his size and their inner fear of large dogs . They focus on the sun glasses , and less fearful of the dog . Customer service from this company is great .
 I love this wall mount pet food holder . My dog does not have to hang his head down to eat and this keeps him from gobbling down his food.Great invention .
 these people do a good work , you will love it . getes the bowles off the floor and my cat loves it .
 I bought this for a lizard , but it 's too big just yet . When my Tegu gets a bit bigger i 'll get a lot of use from it . Very high quality . Very sturdy harness , I did a lot of tugging and what not . My step daughter uses it right now for her rat at her mother 's house and she says it 's very secure . So I probably have to order another one . The only downside is that I can not pick my own color .
 Very well made . I would like it a size smaller for my purpose though . I wanted it for my chipmunk , but he is too small for it and slipped right out . Other than size I believe it well made and well designed
 I got the leash faster than said and I got a pink one . It worked out though because my bunny is a girl.It fit her perfectly and it seemed very comfortable.The leash is detachable from the vest and it is stretchy . There is a little bell conected on the vest and rings every time she hops.I was very satisfied with this purchase .
 I purchased this harness and collar for my bunny for outdoor playtime . I have an eight ft. high privacy fence but soon discovered he could slip under the narrowest opening of the fencing . This allows me to let him hop around outside , while being able to keep a better eye on him . The harness is very small . I have a Holland Lop -LRB- the smallest breed bun -RRB- and he is a baby . The harness is slightly big for him , turning somewhat as you hold the leash . It has velcro so you can easily adjust it . I have no doubt he will easily grow into this harness , but if you have a different breed bunny or larger type bun , this harness will not fit . It comes with a little bell on it which is nice . It allows me to hear where he is , if I am engaged in a book or otherwise occupied outside . He also has no issues having the harness being put on . It is lightweight and seemingly comfortable . It has holes in the fabric allowing it to breathe . Disadvantage
 First of all the pump pictured here is not the one you will receive.Other then that this is a really great pump , I am using it as a powerhead in my 5 gallon nano-reef andIt has been doing a great job for the past four months . It would have been nice if the box had instructionsthat explained some of the extra pieces that came with the pump but all in all this is a great pump and I recommendit to anyone that needs just a little bit of circulation or possibly an ATO as thats what I will soon be usingmine for .
 I got this for a 10 gallon tank with a splitter -LRB- two male bettas -RRB- , and I wanted a large plant to split the view so the bettas do not see each other easily . This plant looks great and is very large , -LRB- I had to tuck it in the back to keep it under water , since it wanted to go higher then my 10 gallon tank -RRB- . It has a plastic bottom , and due to the size takes a little effort to bury it under the gravel , since the gravel does not want to stay in the plastic cup . However , once you get it in it looks really nice in the tank and the aquarium 's lid light really looks good bouncing off of the leaves , making it a very nice bright blue coloring to the tank -RRB- . I got this with two purple/blue plants to cut off view from the two sides of the betta tank . It works perfectly and the male betta loves swimming through the leaves and laying against it in the tank.In the end this is large plant and looks nice in my tank , it helps cover the splitting wall for my 10 gallon betta tank , and the betta seems to love to swim through it and lay on the plant . It is a great addition to the tank and it seems to have received the approval of Tofu , my male betta -LRB- the other betta is named Sushi -RRB- . :-RRB- Highly recommend !!
 My theme in my guppy tank is blue and purple . This so far has stayed together , and looks very pretty .
 My Lab loved this toy . She loves to bite . Although within the first week , my dog was able to rip the corner of the mouth of the cat . But over all , this is a great toy to interact with your dog who loves to bite .
 We are a nightclub with 2 large bubble walls . All locally sourced air pumps , even so called high output/heavy duty models , did not generate enough air power to run our bubble walls . This Aqueon Coralife does the job with ease . Thanks .
 I have gone through several aquaruim air pumps in the last 3 years . The last one was a whisper 100 which was only about half the price of this one and lasted about 6 months . The whisper pump was really not any quieter than this one . This pump puts out alot of air and can be adjusted easily with the valves on the included manifold . It is not silent , but it is not realy loud either . If you want a silent pump , this is not for you . If you need good constant air it will deliver . I have had this pump for about 1 month now with no issues .
 Works really good , but it is VERY loud . You can make it run quieter by running a 3/8ths inch air line from the intake port on the pump to somewhere else . Preferably with cool air , as it runs quite hot.Very well made and I knew it was loud , so I 'm not going to knock any points off for that . It does n't say anywhere on the box that it 's a quiet pump , so there you go .
 great pump very powerful a little noisy but what do you expect with that much output.Air pump gets a little on the warm side while running as welloverall so far pump is doing its job .
 I thought this would be a crappy cheap purchase but my experience with the unit has been great . It 's effin loud , no doubt , but for what it does , it 's actually relatively quiet . This thing pounds out air like nobodies business . I 've had this thing plugged in and running for a year straight . It gets a little warm so if you have a small fan to point at the compressor while running , it will significantly reduce the heat signature coming from the unit . This will also help the unit last longer and run better as hot operating temperature adds wear and tear to anything .
 this pump is awesome i love it so much bubbles in my tank now fast shipping great product would recomend to other people
 I live in Michigan and this works great for our smaller pond -LRB- 5ft long x 3 ft wide x 3ft deep -RRB- so that the ice does n't freeze and our goldfish do n't die in the winter . Item came as described and you ca n't beat the price . Have n't had it for very long yet -LRB- only a couple months -RRB- so not sure how durable it is .
 We have a couple of pretty big coi ponds . This de-icer really does the job of keeping the whole pond ice free even when temparature drops into teens .
 I know a few people that have this product and are happy with it . I put it in my pond 2 weeks ago and it is working just fine .
 The fish in my husbands pond are happy . We have had some really cold weather in NJ and the heater is working great for the fish , my husband is thrilled he has n't lost any of the fish .
 This is one of those , why did I not do this sooner . Our temps . have dropped below zero acouple times . This small de-icer is perfect for our pond .
 It works pretty well , you just need to keep an eye on the water level . The de-icer does de-ice the pond as advertised , it does evaporate the water rather quickly as well . You will need to add water every week or so .
 The pond heater is working great in low temps . It is doing exactly what we expected , melted through the ice and kept a melted open area .
 Yes , these break down after 1-2 years . But they are so cheap and energy-efficient that re-purchasing is worth it . I bought more expensive floaters , but they averaged 1-4 years but used far more electricity , so this is the better value .
 The design with venting hole in the center seems to make more sense than other de-icers . However the 100-watt rating seems to be much smaller than other 200-1250 watt ratings of other de-iciers . Got it when my pond was covered with 5 inch of ice . I tried to melt the ice with 2-3 Gallons of boiling water but was only able to melted 2-3 inch of ice . At the end , I just plugged in the de-cier and leave it there even though it is only barely warm . When I checked the pond the next morning , I was surprised to see the de-icer melt through the pond surface.Then we got 1 foot of snow . The pond and the de-icer was covered with snow . When I remove snow on the top , I found the de-icer worked fine under the snow . Since the purpose of the de-icer is to keep a way to vent exhaust gas , I think the setup would be fine even if I do n't remove the top snow .
 This pond heater draws low current , and does not pop the circuit like other ones . It works well to keep a hole in the ice .
 This is a great product at a very good price . The shipping speed was exceptional . I will buy again .
 Works and uses very little energy , if you have expensive koi - I would get 2 and use both - when mine stopped working our inexpensive fish all died . I am buying another since there is really nothing else like it , and 3 winters is n't a bad life expectancy
 I have used three different brands of pond deicers over the years and this one is by far the best - and it uses less power too - what else can you ask for?I 've had it running for a few months in subzero weather and it just works . Quit thinking about which one to get and get this one - you wo n't be sorry .
 Delivery was quick and product was as described . we have had this type of pond heater before and it works great . Uses very little electricty and keeps pond air hole open even in the coldest of weather .
 It has dropped to about 10 degree here where I live so far and the de-icer appears to be doing the job I had intended while using much less electricity . In years past I kept a 1000 watt heater in the pond with a high electricity bill . so this keeps just enough of the pond thawed to be beneficial along with the pump that I keep running through the winter . I will be glad to see that the electric bill will not be so high .
 It maintined an opening in the ice as advertized . My other pond heater also worked also but only made the electric company happy .
 This is my second de-icer for my small watergarden . The first lasted 3 years , which I do not think is unreasonable for the type of equipment that it is . I like the fact that it is a low watt appliance that helps to save energy , compared to other de-icers . The price is also moderate . The first de-icer was the same brand and they only have a one year warranty , but again , I feel the 3 years I got from it and the price I paid were worth it.We live in a northern climate so it gets a work out ! It has reliably kept a open hole in the ice and snow so my fish have a chance at another year !
 In the northeast this heater works fairly well under most circumstances . They can however freeze the top hole in snowstorm conditions . If going away for an extended period or vacation , utilize a higher wattage heater to be certain your pond does not freeze . We had the same snowstorm freezing issue with 200 watt `` saucers '' and probably necessary to move up to a 700 or more watt heater .
 Bought this a month ago , and cut through 2 '' of ice to install it . Since then we 've had lots of cold weather but there has always been open water under this heater .
 I bought one unit last year and decided to buy two additional units which I have spaced about six feet apart . They work great and now are wedged in the ice but the heating element keeps the center melted all winter long .
 It work perfectly . It is November in Chicago and my small outdoor pond was covered by a thin sheet of ice . I put the De-Icer on top of the ice sheet overnight . Wola !!! next morning there is a hole created by the De-Icer . Thank !
 Last year -LRB- My 1st pond winter -RRB- I had bought a 200 watt -LRB- considerably more expensive -RRB- De-icer thinking that size and cost was better . I bought this 100 watt unit on a lark , simply as a backup unit . Needless to say the more powerful unit failed within a month -LRB- sank to the bottom -RRB- and this thrifty unit just kept plugging away . Our Chicago land weather reached much to close to -20 degrees -LRB- Where I live is border line between zone 4 & 5 -RRB- and This de-icer did just what it was suppose to do , Keep a hole in the ice so my fish stayed alive.Just getting ready to order another unit -LRB- perhaps 2 just in case some of the other reviews are correct -RRB- . At the cost and my past experience I can not find anything but positive things to say about this product .
 I own 2 of these heaters -LRB- acutally de-icers -RRB- , and have used them in my ponds for the past 5 years.I have never had a problem with these de-icers and find them to be easy to operate , dependable and energy efficient .
 When I decided on this pond heater - I 'm thinking that since I went thru 4 Farm Innovators pond heaters at 1250 watts each and they did n't last very long -LRB- the last one only worked for a couple weeks -RRB- I might as well have one that operates on 100 watts and not work . However , I am quite impressed with this heater , especially its design . I do n't know how long it will last -LRB- it has a one year guarantee as opposed to a three year for the other -RRB- , but it works very well and is easy to clean -LRB- just wipe -RRB- and does not collect clumps of lime as does the Farm Innovators -LRB- this one is plastic ; the other is metal on the bottom -RRB- . The cord placement -LRB- at the top -RRB- and cord length is well thought out . Overall it appears to be an excellent product .
 this is my second and it works great . Keeps gases from building up in my pond and killing my fish
 I , like other people reading this review , need a product that will keep a hole open in the ice so the pond can `` breathe '' through the cold winter months . I often worry about my fish -LRB- I love those little things -RRB- , and last winter I was always trying something different to open holes in the pond after it froze over . As winter was taking grip this year I purchased this product and it arrived just before the first of several major Colorado winter storms and cold spells . As soon as the ice was forming on the pond I placed the Thermo-Pond 3.0 on the ice -LRB- place it on the ice and let it melt through - that way you can be sure it is over the deepest part of the pond and not floating toward the sides of pond as the ice forms -RRB- . So how did things turn out?Though temperatures have been far below zero at times and over five feet of snow has fallen , it has worked without fail . When I look outside at the pond in my yard , there is a sea of white with the black pond warmer dutifully melting away the ice and snow . Several times I was nervous and wanted to make sure that all was well . Happily , when I lifted the warmer out of the ice , no matter how thick the ice and snow was around it , there was a perfect circle that allowed me a window to see my fish swimming below -LRB- slowly of course ! -RRB- and more importantly , for the pond to exchange gasses with the atmosphere . I am very happy with this product and recommend it .
 This litle unassuming black donut really does work ! This is the second one I 've bought for another pond . The first one is about 7-8 years old and still going strong . It leaves a nice round hole in the ice to let the lethal gases escape and bring in fresh oxygen . Well worth the price .
 This product works beautifully ! My Koi are 6 years old now and doing wonderful ! Keeps snow and Ice away from my fish !
 I purchased one Floating Pond De-Icer two years ago for our thousand gallon pond . The second year that we used the heater it developed a small leak in the housing causing it to tip on its side . It still maintained a hole in the ice so the gases could escape . We have now increased our pond size by adding another thousand gallon pond that flows into the first pond . We have fish in both ponds , a larger amount of fish in the lower pond . So this year I purchased two more heaters to place one in each pond . Plus still using the heater that I still have in the lower pond . Because of all the extra fish in the lower pond I would like to have a larger hole in this pond so that I know that more of the gases will escape giving more oxygen into the water for the fish.This heater was the lowest wattage that I could find on the market and also a good price . I have been very happy with the performance of the first heater . When considering the consumption of electricity and the price difference between this heater and the others on the market I feel this was an exceptionally good buy .
 I bought one of these heaters back in 2005 when I first installed my 165 gallon pond . The draw for me was the low power usage - I could justify 100 watts for a small pond , but not 750 or 1500 watts as some units use -LRB- and would prabably overheat a small pond like mine , anyway -RRB- . It is still working after 6 winters but I noticed that it has begun to leak and take in some water , however it is still functional and nothing has shorted out . Still I probably wo n't chance using it much monger , but I will buy another , as 6 years is n't bad for a $ 40 investment .
 Keeps a melted spot in my pond that allows the exchange of oxygen which keeps pond critters alive . My fish might not survive without it not to mention the hibernating frogs that I hope will be alive in the spring . :-RRB- Great buy , uses only a light bulb 's worth of electricity during a few weeks of freezing Virginia weather . Only negative is the 12 ' cord length could be longer as I have to use an outdoor extension cord to reach my outlets . However , it 's very difficult getting any pond appliances with decent length electrical cords , that is , anything over 20 feet . This de-icer is for a 300 to 1000 gallon pond and the manufacturer claims it 's effective in weather down to -20 F. Fortunately , it does n't get that cold where I live . I bought a similar de-icer on sale a couple of years ago and bought this one for a newer bigger pond I built in the spring -LRB- 800 gallons -RRB- . Anyone who thinks cracking ice is a cheaper better alternative should research how cracking a hole in the ice could harm your pond critters ... : -RRB-
 I 've used this for one season , in the Washington , DC area . We do n't have a lot of cold weather , but we get down to 0 degrees occasionally . In a small pond with a rubber liner , I was concerned about a `` toaster element '' heater melting the liner . This heater kept a perfect round hole in the ice even when it got to 3 inches thick and the fish seemed to enjoy spending time under it . The trick with this thing seems to be that while it has a very large surface area -LRB- it 's about 12 inches across -RRB- it has a small air hole at the top . This apparently lets out all the toxic gases , but manages to keep enough heat in to keep the full circle ice free . There 's never any sense that the device is hot , but it always just floats freely with a quarter inch gap between it and the ice . I do n't actually know for sure , but I suspect that it will work fine to considerably lower temps -LRB- they say they tested in -30 degree Wisconsin -RRB- and I 'm sure it 's not dependent on the size of the pond . That is , it wo n't freeze even if the pond is bigger . However , you might need additional units to handle extra gas from a larger pond . All in all , a very well constructed , simple , safe and satisfactory device .
 I have used this heater for two years and it does an excellent job , no matter how cold the weather ! I have not had a problem at all , I have a smaller pond with about a 28 inch depth and I was concened about it freezing through , but this heater has done the job and it does n't bother the fish . I bought this partly because I liked the low wattage , but was concerned whether it would be effective in the very cold temperatures . I can assure you that it is ! No problems at all .
 I have a 220 gallon backyard pond , and live in Chicago . I used to use pumps to agitate the water and keep an open spot that way , but the small size pumps I used were not all that durable . I bought this de-icer for less then the price of a 300 GPH pump . I did read all the reviews , and some said the de-icer was not as durable as it should be , but most of those reviews were from a couple years back so I am thinking they have improved it.This de-icer has maintained a small opening in the ice all Winter . The temperature has dropped down to single digits for brief periods as well as some spells in the teens.This product meets my needs quite well . Next Winter I will buy another one and save it as a back up de-icer and consider it insurance .
 Using 100 watts could be costly to keep this plugged in all the time . I just ran an extension cord to my garage and turned it on when i noticed the water began to freeze . We had 4 inches of ice on our pond this last winter and this heater worked flawlessly .
 We recently bought two more pond heaters to replace two that had worn our after 5-6 years of use . We live in South Dakota where this morning the temperature was 28 degrees below zero , and have kept the fish ponds we dug 6 summers ago running and pumps working all winter long . The three for-a-dollar gold fish we first installed rapidly grew to a score or more with some 8 inches long . These pond heaters have kept the ice melted so that the pumps for the fountain are able to supply oxygen for the fish in spite of our severe cold . The origial had finally become so water logged that they no longer floated . These new ones are not just plastic foam rings , but have a hard plastic over the floatation material . We look forward to many long winters of use with them . Thank you ! -LRB- Our only winter problem with our ponds , was last winter when the electricity went off for an extended period while we were away and the ice froze and killed some fish . When it came back on , the heaters went on and melted the ice , but it was too late for the fish . That was the first time in the 15 years we 've lived here that the rural electric was off for more than 30-45 minutes . -RRB-
 We have had a very cold winter . In previous years we have been able to keep the pon open with our airator . We are very peased with the pond heater as it kept and opening for the airator . We have 20 very valuable Koi and we have kept them safe .
 Keeps a small hole open all winter in center of the heater - have n't lost a fish yet -LRB- 40 + goldfish in 6 ' diameter pond -RRB- . I liike low power consumption . Occassionally need to brush snow away from the hole if we get a 1 ft + dumping from a snow storm .
 Very cold in the Northwest this year . This de-icer is keeping our small pond moving . By the looks of the animal tracks in the snow , we have the only open water in the neighborhood
 This is my second heater in 10 years . Simple and does what it should without a lot of extras . Great value for the money .
 Great low wattage heater for the outside pond , the koi fish survive the winter with this thing . Had to replace my old one of 4 years .
 works great , does its job , and keeps my pond from freezing over no problems at all with this pond heater
 I have a small 400 gallon outside fish pond . This unit is still working great . Make sure you check your power source first before thinking this made in China product failed . This is my second year of success , my fish are fat , dumb , and happy for another year .
 This de-icer is amazing . It was negative 5 this morning and our Koi still have an opening in which to get air . They are our pets and we are very happy to have found a way to keep them safe during the winter months . Great product .
 I have a waterfall pond that holds about 300 gallons of water . It is only 2 feet deep . For Fathers day , I received 4 KOI fish for the pond . They grew quickly had some babies and I wanted to find a way to have them survive the winter in New Hampshire . After much research I found this product and purchased it . I installed it when the water started to freeze , and it has maintained a hole in the ice as advertised . I keep it on 24/7 .
 This will be my second season with it . It worked very well last year and I am sure will be great again
 I 've had this de-icer for a year and so far it works great . However , it did tip for me also because the weight of the power cord allowed wind to get under it and made it useless . I also had a hard time getting it to stay in the right place in my pond because of the weight of the cord . So , to fix this problem you can slip the power cord through inexpensive foam pipe insulation . Not only does it keep the unit from tipping it also keeps the de-icer in the middle of the pond and in one place .
 Had one of these that lasted for 5 years . Love it . Pond frozen over ... 20 inches of snow on the pond and still a small area remained unfrozen . Minimum wattage . Working with a bubbler ... I know the frogs in the pond are getting much needed oxygen ... despite the winter weather .
 Works as Described ! Running in 3ft . plastic pond . Easy to run . Definitely a worthwhile investment for anyone in cold areas .
 I love the pond deicer . I have two of them now , one for my pond & one for my daughter 's . As it can get pretty cold here in North Idaho , sometimes below zero , this deicer keeps up & my fish made it thru last winter with no problem .
 lots of cord , simple and does the jobnot sure how it 'll work at -30 c but hopefully wont get much of that this year
 The product arrived quickly-plenty of time before the temperatures drop and the leaves started falling . I am not sure of the energy consumption , that would have been useful . Other than that , this is exactly what I needed !
 Although we have not had a hard winter here in Michigan , when my pond did freeze the Thermo-Pond heater worked . My pond is not that big , about 250 gallons . I would recommend this product .
 Have had for about 2 months now and its working great . When I had bought item we had just had a very hard cold spell & the ice on our pond was over 9 inches thick . We drilled opening w/ice auger & put deicer in . Since then its been working great . On warm days it even melts more of the thick ice around it . This is the first winter for our pond so I 'm still learning . I admit - when we drilled the whole I got out my flash light to look under the ice - our fish were down there moving around just fine . Upstate NY has not had much snow but we have gotten some very cold temps.this year .
 Bought this about 2 months ago and it 's been in use since . It does a nice job of keeping a hole in the ice and allowing harmful gases to escape . The fish seem to swim around it -- they probably like the warmth . Right now , it is surrounded by ice and snow but there 's a nice hole where the de-icer is . I do n't have any complaints . It has a nice long cord -LRB- but I still needed to extend it because of where my plug is located -RRB- . It 's simple , it 's energy efficient and it works . One thing to consider , I suggest you get it into the pond before the ice hits . It 's much better at keeping a hole than it is creating one when there is already ice and snow on the pond . It 's gentle heat is n't strong enough to melt through a thick coating .
 Heater does n't use a lot of electricity . Keeps a small hole clear of ice in it 's center for out-gassing . Works fine although it has been a warm winter so far .
 Why has it taken so long to come up with this ? Very simply , this inexpensive heater creates an enclosed area and keeps it defrosted with a 100 watt thermostatically controlled heater . It does n't try to keep the whole pond defrosted , just a hole to allow gases out and oxygen in . Most other heaters use 10 times the energy.Will it last ? I do n't know . None of the more expensive ones ever last me more than one season . Maybe the lower wattage willallow it to last longer . I 'll update next winter .
 Great product ... easy to use and energy efficient . It 's been cold in the Northeast and this has kept the pond from freezing
 We have a small koi pond in our backyard . We transfer the fish to a larger pond each fall , but we often have a frog or two that stay in the small pond . This device has kept our pond ice-free for 2 winters in a row , allowing the frogs to survive the frigid winters . On warmer days , the frog will come to the surface and sit on the de-icer , which does not get hot . I highly recommend this for small ponds .
 It arrived well within the time listed . Works perfectly , much cheaper to use in a small pond than the higer wattage units .
 This is my 2nd one , first one lasted 4 seasons . Very Low wattage so they do n't cost much to operate .
 The pond de-icer is working like a champ . We have a 12 foot diameter pond and it keeps our fish alive all winter in very cold below zero weather .
 I 've been using this type of de-icer for years . This is the best price I 've seen in a long time . It does the job .
 Its low wattage and does the job . It appears to be decently made and the cord is adequately long . Just as important its safe for a rubber pond liner .
 I used this heater last season and it worked as advertised . Kept a hole in the ice and my fish survived a very cold winter . No problems with leakage or power .
 This pond heater keeps a small hole open in the ice and uses very little energy to do it . Even in single digit temperatures over a long peroid it stays open . Perfecr for our 2500 gallon pond and lets the fish breathe . Highly recommended !
 I live in Indiana , and this product worked just as advertised for my 500 gallon pond . This product only keeps a localized section of the pond de-iced , so I do n't think this product would work effectively in areas that get heavy snow in winter . All of my goldfish survived the winter and I 'm very pleased .
 Keeps hole open in ice . If you have a heavy snow you have to clean it off or it will ice up . I had my first one for 5 years before I had to replace it .
 Product arrived quickly , was very easy to install and operate , and seems to be working fine . After placing it on my just recently ice covered pond , within hours it melted a hole thru it and has maintained it since in well sub freezing temps . What convinced me to buy THIS unit over others ... is its low use of electricity , only 100 watts !!
 We purchased this for our small fish pond . We have had some extream weather and the heater did its job . Excellent product !
 Thermo Pond Heater - 100WThis 100W pond heater is designed to keep the pond from completely freezing over for a long period of time . We have not had a real bad freeze here in southeast Pennsylvania and thus have not installed the heater.However , the product was received in good condition and we are glad to have it .
 Product arrived on time and works well . It uses a lot less energy than most of the competitors product . So far it has managed to keep the hole ice free during a recent cold spell .
 Nice product . I have ' t had a chance to use it yet , so ca n't really comment on how it performs . Fast service though .
 So far , it 's worked exactly as I 'd hoped it would . Excellent for very small ponds like mine - even a clown could use it , it 's so simple .
 I bought a new Thermo Pond to replace the one that died at the start of winter . Burned a hole through three inches if ice and is still working . Old one started cracking on the inside due to wear ? Hope this one lasts longer then three years . Delivery on time . Satisfied with my purchase .
 I have 2 of these , one in each of my garden ponds.Works great , even in the coldest of weather and savesmoney over other heaters .
 I have three of these . I use them in two drainage ponds containing fish and other wildlife next to my house . They do well in maintaining an ice-free hole in the ice which is slightly larger than the diameter of the device . The fish gather around them . I would like it if higher wattage , and perhaps larger versions were available . I can just throw one of these in the middle of inch-thick ice in 20 degree F weather , and it will punch a hole in the ice overnight . I also like the black color which absorbs sunlight energy during the day .
 Does exactly as described . Will not melt it 's own hole through thicker ice , but once a hole is present it will keep the ice from freezing.I would recommend this product to anyone looking to keep a breathing hole in a pond of any size .
 The K&H Thermo Pond 3.0 De-Icer works like a charm ! So far this winter we have had a great deal of snow and ice . Right now our pond has thick ice , but not where the the de-icer is located .
 This is the second pond de-icer -LRB- same model -RRB- we have purchased . The first one worked great for four years . This year it stopped working so we bought another one . It does n't use that much electricity and keeps an area open in the pond so the fish can get air when the rest of the pond is frozen and snow covered . This year the pond has been frozen since New Year 's - except for where the pond de-icer is ! I recommend this to anyone with a small pond .
 So far , so good . Dropped it on the ice in my pond in single digit weather with the ice a good 3-4 '' thick and it melted through and has maintained a nice hole ever since . Now we 'll have to see on its longevity .
 I placed it in my pond 10 days ago , which had iced over . It took some time but melted through . Here in Maine , at night the temps have been in the teens and twenties to date . Daytime has been no higher than 35 mid day .
 The floating pond has worked great even in below zero temperatures in Michigan this winter . I was n't sure 100 watts would work but it proved me wrong . Now I 'm curious to see how long it lasts .
 This is my 4th type of pond heater . All only lasted one winter for various reasons . So , I fully expect to have to buy another one next year as some reviewers noted . Having said this it is the best of the 4 pond heaters I have purchased .
 I 'm really happy w / this heater . My last one was too effective for my small pond & used a lot of electricity . This one keeps a hole melted but is n't so warm that it attracts the fish . It also only uses as much power as a low-wattage bulb . Good price & good product .
 This is great for a small outdoor pond that freezes over in the winter . It keeps a hole in the ice so all the gasses excape . At times our pond has had 5 '' of ice on top , but this always kept the hole open . Easy on the electric bill too .
 We bought this item since it only uses 100 Watts , in an effort to reduce electricity costs . With all the negative reviews , I was leary , but now that we 've used it on numerous 20-degree nights in New England I 'm sold . It keeps a clear area free of ice , and the fish hang out near it . It runs when needed and shuts off when not . What more can you ask for in an inexpensive pond deicer ? Give it a try!Obviously , its a floating device , so to the reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- who complain about it tipping -- just keep it balanced and clear of snow/ice .
 The product works very well . It keeps just enough of the pond clear of ice and provides a place where the fish like to ` hang ' underneath the circle .
 The hamsters went right for it -LRB- 2 -RRB- and finished it off in a few days .
 A great gift for my granddaughter 's pet gerbil . Amazon has just about anything you want to buy and the qualityis always exceptional , shipments are fast too .
 Overall I 'm happy with this unit.It is very clean-looking and seems to be reasonably well-made . It 's a big improvement over the ugly plastic unit I had before.I especially like having the dual cords and being able to put them on separate timers . And with both bulbs on , it 's like high noon in there.But here are some details that I would like to have known before ordering :1 . The fans are audible even from 10 ' away , and I do wish they were quieter . In a quiet room I notice them over the noise of my filter and pump . With music or TV on I do n't notice them .2 . The fans come on only when the front strip is on . So turning on only the rear light will not turn on the fans . From the product sheet , this is by design , intended for the case where the rear strip is used for a moon lamp -LRB- which is not how this product is configured as sold -RRB- . Since the single-strip version of this product does n't have a fan , I guess that running only the rear strip should not cause overheating . But if the fan is only necessary when both bulbs are blazing , I wish they had configured it that way . Or better yet provided a switch for the fan between on-for-both-bulbs or on-for-either-bulb .3 . Each bulb is a Coralife 34 '' 6700K , 96 Watt , dual-tube-type compact flourescent with a square-pin connector . Replacements are costly , in the range of $ 38 - $ 50/bulb as of Nov. 2006.4 . Measured with a P3 Kill-A-Watt meter , the unit consumes only 82W with just the front bulb on , and 158W with both bulbs on . I 'm not sure why the power consumption is n't at least 2x96 = 192W ? 5 . Each bulb is held in its metal retaining clips by two silicone -LRB- heat-proof -RRB- rubber bands . I had one band break in shipping along with a bulb , and another band broke during careful handling while replacing the broken bulb . I do n't know where to get new silicone bands , and none were included in the replacement bulb package . This is a weak point for the product , but so far the bandless bulb has stayed in its clip .6 . The product has a 12-month limited warranty from the distributor -LRB- not the retailer -RRB- . Since there 's no information on expected bulb life , it 's not immediately clear whether this warranty covers the bulbs.Despite the detractions noted , it 's a very nice improvement to my aquarium .
 Excellent toy . I bought it at a very good , reasonable price . The plastic/parts are hard and sturdy as with all toys that I 've bought from JW Pet Company/Activitoys . My parakeets are having a good time with this . I know birds do n't weigh much but today my male actually was hanging onto and swinging from the bottom ball by holding on with both of his feet so it works well with their `` rough '' play . Both -LRB- the other is female -RRB- seem to like how they can easily hold onto this toy interchangeably with their beak and feet.The colors are nice and vibrant which brighten up the look of the cage and give it a more `` playful '' feel . I like how there is n't a lot of metal -LRB- rust is a possibility -RRB- and the toy is easy to clean/have `` water play '' with -LRB- I like wetting some of their hanging toys since it gets their attention and they 'll quiet down and spend time getting every last drop off ; this also helps me with getting my male cleaner since he refuses to take a proper bath -RRB- .
 It is very useful to put treats -LRB- spray millet -RRB- in and my two parakeets like to play with it . They also like the bell at the bottom . Looked bigger than I thought , but I did n't really read the dimensions , so that 'll be my fault . I would absolutely recommend this to anyone ! : -RRB-
 quality is good , description was right on , can stuff with paper or treats for foraging , and had a clip on both ends for optional hanging . .
 I 'm babysitting my friend 's Cockatiel Jack and she likes this toy . She 's not used to toys so she was scared to death of it but now she 's calm . Hopefully she 'll play with it soon . I have noticed it keeps moving from one side of her big cage to the other so she 's definitely doing something with it when I 'm not looking ! LOL
 I 've tried getting my cockatiel multiple hanging rope toys but she just does n't like them at all . I finally got her this as well as another JW Pet Company toy and she loves them ! Which is a relief for me because she gets bored so easily . She likes toys that she can actually move around with her beak which she ca n't really do with the rope toys because they 're stringy . So even thought it 's just a simple plastic toy , I am definitely pleased .
 Its an ok bird toy . But my parakeet doesnt play with this as much as couple other toys he has gotten from here .
 such a cheap and loved toy by my cockatiel . He plays with it for hours . I wish I could find the balls sepparate , too .
 nice piece and is matching with my nice puppy , delivered on time and in a perfect condition .
 use it on my boston terrier have had noo problems love it ! had issues w the comfort one i got for my chihuahua but the man fact is helping me out w that
 I bought this to replace the one I have been using for 4 years . I love the fact that my dog can run around and play while still on the leash . But when I need it I lock it into place and she walks at my side . Just make sure you are aware of your surroundings because the leash , when extended , can be dangerous .
 This smaller compact leash is working fine with my larger dog . Strong . Retracts smoothly even used on the beach with sand . I have had it a few months , i hope it lasts at least a few years .
 I actually purchased this with the plan of using it as an in-tank refugium -LRB- salt-water tank -RRB- , and it looks like it will be just fine for what I want it to do . In fact , with the way it sits in the tank , I might be tempted to start growing some Mangroves out of it as well . The one thing that kind of bugs me is the `` hooks ''
 I have had my chocolate lab for 6 years now . I bought this product on a whim at a local pet store in Michigan when I brought him home and I would never wash him with anything else . His coat is silky , smooth , soft and shiny . I get compliments all the time on how shiny his coat is . Some people say it 's the food the dogs are fed , but I seriously think this product has kept my lab from having any skin conditions , as he does swim a couple time a month . I wish I would have had this stuff with my other dogs . Plus , the fragrance is almost like Original Bubble-yum gum .
 I bought the 7 '' bones in a 12 pack based on customer 's saying that the bones will last about 1 week for active chewers . It 's been 2-3 months and my female collie/hound mix is still chewing on it , has n't even broken the bone yet.I gave one to my boyfriend 's brother dog that is a female american bulldog . She 's already broken the bone in several places and has gotten most of the insides out and has definitely stripped the bone of the outside goodies , but still goes back to the bone when she needs something hard to chew on . She has had hers for about a month , and still in great shape and plenty left to `` eat '' , chew on . She still enjoys it.I gave one to my roommates dog who is a female american bulldog/lab mix and within 1 week she practically had the bone cracked in half long ways . She still chews on the bone and even totes it around with her . She was also guard her bone like no other toy.I still have 9 left ! It 's like a lifetime supply for all three of these dogs!I am VERY pleased with the Merrick brand for dog bones . I was VERY displeased with some of the reviews on this particular bone.I am on my second trial of Merrick bones . This time the Ranger Ribs !
 Based on my dogs ' reactions to this treat , I almost want to chew on it myself ! They last forever , are safe for even the most aggressive chewers , and seem to hold their appeal long after the `` good stuff '' has been gnawed away .
 When my dogs were given this they did not come up for air . They had it pretty well cleaned off by day two , but still loved to keep chewing on it after .
 Was a gift for my son 's dog . He loved them . He is a big dog -LRB- Italian Mastive -RRB- and they were a good size for him .
 These beef marrow bones are super ! When we go out for the day they keep our 3 Labs entertained for hours ! When they have cleaned them off pretty well just re stuff them with cheese for another go round . Honestly the price was great free shipping with prime membership and happy dogs what more could you ask for !!
 I ordered these merrick bones at a great price . My dogs love them . I have always found Merrick products to be a great value and all natural . My dogs love them . Try some of their other products . You wo n't be disappointed .
 What can I say ... it is a bone . the only thing I would say is that the package looked like it was a little old , but not a problem . . dogs downed them .
 Good value , good quality and our dog absolutely loves it ! Hours and days of fun picking , chewing and playing !
 I 've started replacing all my T5s and T8s systems with this light on 55 gallon aquariums . All my tanks are heavily planted with high to low light needs . This light has been outstanding for my plant growth and colors . The replacement bulbs are a bit more expensive than 5s and 8s but last much longer without dimming with age . High output LEDs are just too expensive and still do n't match the quality of this lighting system . I 've bought three of these system and all have performed fantastic .
 This light is the perfect size for my 30 cube tank , This size and type is hard to find and my plants are loving the 3watts per gallon I 'm getting . This light does penetrate the deeper tank well and looks very stylish . Very glad I found it .
 I bought this for a very tall 55g hexagon shaped tank . This tank requires a lot of light penetration but leaves little room for the typical sized fixtures for this volume of water . This size was perfect for the top of the tank , and left enough room to place a second fixture of this size on top if I decided to get some high maintenance flora . The color spectrum is as advertised , on the blue end of daylight . Great for freshwater.I only have two criticisms . First , as mentioned , the fans are noisy . Far more so than the canister filter I 'm using , which sits outside of my tank stand . Secondly , and this may be due to the seller -LRB- MarineandReef -RRB- , there was no documentation included . I would have at least enjoyed seeing some warranty information.Overall , a very good product , and I would buy again .
 I have a 4 gallon cube aquarium , I 've had it for over 10 years , and am replacing the old - falling apart plants in it . This plant is a nice size for my cube , right height I wanted , I like to use diffrent height plants to make it look and feel more natrual for the fish . This plant is realistic looking & works great !
 This skimmer ROCKS !!! Most lower end skimmers need a week to begin producing skimmate -- this produced thick coffee-dark sludge within minutes of being plugged in . It 's super easy to adjust , has a big enough collection cup to prevent you from having to fiddle with it every few hours , and it produces NO microbubbles . Since my 75g QT tank was filthy , the water was turning opaque , and the walls were covered in algae , I set it up and had it run very wet . I sent the built in overflow -LRB- vacation-safe ! -RRB- tubing out to a gallon jug It was fill in two days with dark sludge , and the water was crystal clear.It is n't perfect , but it 's close enough and you save $ 500 on the price of the perfect one.After using 5 other skimmers for various other tanks , I 'm stuck on this one . I have the 220g version running on my 75QT tank , and will make room for it on my main tank when my fish are out of QT . This works so well , it precludes my need for an RO/DI unit , as it pulls out all brown silicate algae as well .
 A skimmer for this size , and price is a great deal . I had a Rio Skimmer , great skimmer , but as soon as i hooked up this monster it started skimming RIGHT AWAY , and picked up more sludge than the RIO.The directions are a little tricky , they are for about 5 models , and you read the whole paragraph , and realize it doesnt apply , when putting it together.Overall , a great skimmer .
 one of the best equipment I am using right now ... really filters the other impurities and really helps in the maintenance of my marine aquarium ...
 This skimmer does what it says but as others have said it leaks small amounts of water from the adjustment knob so its best used in a sump .
 It does everything that I wanted it to do . It was easy to set up and maintain . The only problem I had with it was that the air intake -LRB- what makes the bubbles -RRB- was clogged probably with glue when they were making the item . After I opened that hole it 's been wonderful . Thank you so much . Fast shipping and great service .
 Price was good for this little plant . I wish the plastic were a bit softer or less pointed , but doubt my fish will be injured by it .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 these squeakers were at a fantastic price and they work very well . I was able to resurrect my pup 's favorite toys and he is happy as can be . I tried to replace it with a brand new toy but it just was n't the same . now that the new squeaker is in and his toy patched up he is happy again and we have enough squeakers to keep it going for quite some time . I sure hope his raccoon -LRB- who we named Mr.George Cooney -RRB- will hold up . Thanks guys for a great product !
 These do exactly what they say they do , keep your dog 's teeth cleaner between dentals at your veterinarian 's office.We give them daily and have really seen a difference in the amount of plaque and buildup of tartar on all of our dog 's teeth.Definitely recommend !
 Heally , bovine disease free product , just the right size not to get all skanky . Great outlet for your pet .
 My cats love these!The mesh helps clean their teeth , so I ca n't complain.These get lost often because they 're played with so much . We find them under the couches and it 's like having a new toy each time we give them back to the cats :-RRB- It 's fun watching them get swatted around : -RRB-
 This is my cats all-time favorite toy . He 's been playing with these for a year and has never gotten bored . He loves to pull on the mesh and try to rip them apart . We have concrete floors , and he bats them around . He 's even taught me to throw the mice so he can chase them . Great fun !
 My cats love these little fishy . Just last night my cats were playing with them . It makes me laugh to see them having such a good time with a toy .
 Missy cat loves these mice . She chews them , flings them everywhere and always loses them . I just bought these and have zero idea where she has placed them !!
 Looks as described . Used as stocking stuffer for my cats . they always enjoy catnip filled toys . I 'm going to quit leaving feedback , if you do n't change the requirements that they have to be so long . !!!
 my cat &#34; ZULU &#34; loves this mouse.He plays with it so much we hide it at night or he keeps us awake wrestling with it . .
 Our cat gets a lot of enjoyment out of these mice and they are durable . I would recommend these to any cat owner .
 My two boys love these little critters . They became an instant favorite in the toy box . Seriously recommend them for kitties that love to play . They are small so any size kitten would enjoy
 My cats like PetStages toys . The netting on the mice make these toys fun to chew or toss . These toys are safe & durable .
 Bought these for my two cats , they LOVE them ! They started trying to rip them out of the packaging as soon as they arrived .
 My cat loves batting these around . The only problem is that because of their small size they get batted into mysterious places and end up missing . I recently found one in a shoe I had not worn for a while !! Nevertheless , they seem to provide lots of fun for my cat , so I 'm ordering more .
 One of the few toys that both of my cats will play with . They bat them around , gnaw on them , carry them around and occasionally drop them in my lap for me to throw . They are sturdy and hold up to lots of play without falling apart and without any bits coming off that cats might be tempted to ingest.When these get swatted under the sofa , my cats will sit there and whine until I retrieve them . So I just bought a few more to give myself a break . Ha !
 My Maine Coon Mix loves these mice . She is an avid `` fetcher '' and absolutely loves to fetch these and also play with them herself . The mice are of really good quality , which is important as our Maine Coon will chew through anything she can . It withstands her chewing and playing . The crinkly ears also make it an easy way to get our cats attention : -RRB- Well priced , and with amazon 's great service you will not be disappointed.One thing to note about the negative reviews for this cat toy , most of them have scored this low because their cat did n't play with it . I feel that you really need to understand how your cat likes to play , they 're just like humans , with their own likes and dislikes . This toy is not a one size fits all !!
 My cat loved these , especially when she was a kitten . Now , she 's hooked on Zany mice , mostly , but she still plays with these here and there . Since she 's not a catnip lover , that is saying a lot . She likes the design of these mice , and when she gets into her chewing stages , she `` chewses '' these mice !! I love the look of them , and all the Pet Stages fabric toys . They make such cool looking toys for cats .
 These are a favorite of my 2 7-month old kittens . From the time I took the mice out of the package the kitties started playing with them . When they are n't being batted around the kitties hide them somewhere and then bring them out again to play !
 This is hands down my cat 's favorite toy ! A woman at PetCo recommended them to me because her cats loved them - I took her advice , and a month later , I had to buy more on Amazon because the old ones have all been lost from being shoved under the fridge ! My cat IGNORES balls , bells , other stuffed toys , but goes crazy over these little mice . They are a perfect size for her to play with - she carries them around in her mouth all around the house . We even have to hide them sometimes to calm her down -LRB- she gets so hyper from the catnip ! -RRB- Highly recommended .
 Today he went crazy with his mouse , I did n't get it on video this time but I will make another post if I do ... great for the price and my cat is satisfied . Hopefully he will get some practice for when the real mice start coming in again ; - -RRB-
 These are pretty durable toys and my cat just loves them . My cat does n't really chew on them , but the mesh on the outside seems to increase the durability of these toys and they are easier to grab and play with . I would definitely recommend these to any cat owner .
 I bought two of these Catnip Chew Mice . They are 3 1/2 inches long and well built . I knoy the cats like then because I find them in a new place each day . The catnip sent helps the Kittys find the toy if they loose it at play time the day befor .
 These little toys are a great idea ! I bought them for my kitten , Bruno , because they 're designed to help keep your cat 's teeth clean and remove plaque . He loves them - actually , he loves anything he 's allowed to chew on , so he has a good time and I 'm optimistic about keeping my vet dental bills lower for this little guy .
 Cats liked them , and played with them.The problem was ... . Both the mice went missing after ~ 2 weeks and I can not find them anywhere . So watch out for that !
 I do n't know what it is about these toys , but my cats absolutely love them . My six cats span all ages and backgrounds , from youngsters who were feral to oldsters who 've been indoors many years . ALL of them love these toys.When the toys were brand new , their catnip scent was -- I 'm guessing ! -- stronger , but as time went on I started rolling them around in Cosmic Catnip , Cosmic Catnip Jar , 3-Ounce , which my cats also love , and it renewed their fascination with the toys.My cats love carrying these mice around from place to place in the house ; we find them in the unlikeliest places , sometimes where it 's impossible for the cats to get them back out , so we have to do various contortionist acts to retrieve them . : -RRB- They also enjoy tossing the mice in the air , swatting them across the floor , chewing on them , and rolling around on them.I took one of the mice and tied it to the end of another favorite cat toy , Cat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy . Now when they 're playing with the Cat Charmer , either with or without human participation , there 's the added bonus of a mouse on its end . We frequently find the whole thing in some other room , so the cats are carrying the entire thing -- which includes a long handle on the Cat Charmer -- from room to room.The mice are smaller than I 'd expected , but as far as the cats are concerned they 're just perfect . -LRB- Note to self
 My cat Fred loved them ! The first day he succeeded in losting one of them in the house , but the other one is still standing ...
 My bengal likes to chew on everything - stilettos , doorstops , plants , cords , pencils , etc. . I try to deter her from destructive/dangerous behavior by putting bitter apple on items she likes . I also try and give her other outlets for chewing behavior . This is one of them . She loves these little mice - for chasing and chewing . They seem fairly durable so far . I will be repurchasing.Thanks for taking the time to read my review , and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision .
 Although I was worried about the size of these -LRB- 2 1/2 - 3 '' -RRB- , they are the favorite out of all they boys have . The three chews I got for the kittens in Dec. 2011 are still in top shape and I 'm certain the new ones will keep them busy for years to come .
 I was n't sure what to expect from these mice because let 's face it , there are a lot of different kinds of mice on the market . These are unique with the mesh coating they have on the body part of the mouse though . All 3 of my cats play with these in their own way . My youngest likes to play fetch on the stairs with them while my oldest likes to play fetch with them as I throw it to different pieces of furniture . My third who usually does n't get in to mice , just likes to bat it around and then push it under the furniture to fish it out again . So cute ! They use to prefer the rattle mice , but they like these equally or even better than those now . I 'm ordering more .
 Ha ! These are cool . Our cat is getting old and thus not as playful , but when we bring these out she gets frisky - especially when her claws grip the netted part she goes in attack mode . These mice get batted and nipped at and still holding up well after 6 months of use . She gets the most out of them when they land on smooth floor surfaces -LRB- non carpeted areas -RRB- .
 Not only is this product helping my cats dental needs , this also happens to be Simba 's favorite toy ! I could n't even get it out of the package before he was going crazy trying to play with it . Im always lifting up couches , looking underneath my tv because Simba likes to play rough with this one . I just wish I could put a tracker on it so I always know where they are . My cat loves this toy , 5 stars NO DOUBT !
 Giving it 4 stars because only one of my cats like them , and they were a little smaller than I expected . One of my cats will have absolutely nothing to do with these , my other cat absolutely loves them and goes crazy for them . Just depends on the cat . : -RRB-
 I purchased these mice for the kittens and cats that I foster . The kittens especially had been tearing up the regular stuffed toy mice that I had so I purchased these in the hopes that they would hold up longer . They passed the test ! They are very durable and just as fun as the more easily-destructable stuffed toy mice.The one downside is that they are small -LRB- as most toy mice seem to be -RRB- so you will be fishing them out from under your sofa , oven , refrigerator , etc. quite often .
 Cat is attracted to toy . Toy seems to stand up well to being chewed . This cat is able to destroy most toys with ease ; pulling all the stuffing out and then chewing the remaining shell until nothing is left . As of yet , she has not been able to destroy this toy . Seems to be durable and well made .
 I originally got these for my kitten who was chewing everything -LRB- especially ME -RRB- I got him a bunch of chewy toys and he loved these . Hes almost 2 and still enjoys them at times . I noticed my cats tend to prefer small mice they can carry in their mouths ... younger kitty enjoys it more than the 2 1/2 yr old but both will have their moments . Younger kitty will still toss these around and play with them .
 My cat ADORES some mice , and she seems fairly interested in these . The first one is hiding around the house somewhere , so I got the second one out -LRB- they come in a set of 2 -RRB- . When I popped the second one off the cardboard for Olivia -LRB- cat -RRB- today , she promptly attacked it , picked it up in her mouth , and ran out of the room with it . Well ... I guess that means she likes it ! But I 've seen her really `` PLAY '' with others . These she treats maybe as a living critter she needs to hide from Mommy !!!
 Everyone in our family loves these toy mice - our 2 year old youngster , our 10 year old been-there-done-that grownup , and us , their companion humans . Our main role is to retrieve the mice after they 've been batted into the unreachable middle beneath our coffee table . -LRB- We 're such heroes then ! -RRB- We have many cat toys , including the feathered birds on a string . Nothing compares to this fun . I think it 's because a good swat sends the mouse spinning across the floor . The textures help too - the open mesh covering makes for good biting and `` stickiness '' on toenails . There 's something good about the size , too . Similar toys that are larger just do n't get attention . First , these mice really are mouse-sized , and second , their weight is not too heavy and not too light - they are substantial , yet easy to mouth-carry and quick to go sliding across smooth floors . -LRB- I do n't have any experience with carpets on this . -RRB- The only other cat toy with staying-power at our house is a totally different type , and one that anyone can make at home . This toy is for holding and kicking , whereas the mice are for swatting and chasing and pouncing on . The homemade toy consists of a stretchy tube of fabric -LRB- like a cut-off opaque stocking , about a foot long -RRB- , some quilter 's batting -LRB- sheet-like nonwoven , cut in a strip about 9 inches wide -RRB- , and catnip -LRB- fresh , or dried - not old -RRB- . Lay out the batting , and sprinkle on the catnip . Roll it up jelly-roll fashion . Slide it into the stocking . Tie off the opening end -LRB- s -RRB- . Watch the fun ! Note
 I 've tried a lot of different cat toys for Hugo . He 's a playful kitty that hunts in the house . If he likes the toy , he 'll carry it as he would a live mouse , growling all the way . He 's picky . He likes this one because it 's a good size -LRB- close to real mouse size , and fits in his mouth -RRB- . It has a nice smell and a good chew texture . The plasticy fabric on the outside makes the toy last . Hugo takes the mouse to his bowl of food . . chew on the toy , growl , chew on the food , chew on the toy , growl , and on and on . This is the only toy I 've found that is resilient enough to handle this punishment . Also , I can rinse the food off , dry it in the sun , and it 's good as new to re-use . Added extra is that it 's filled with catnip , so if it does open up , Hugo is not eating plastic filler .
 i send cat toys to my friends in NM routinely . i got a call today that the celebrated chew mice are missing . The NM cats have so many toys but the chew mice are the most loved and played with . i placed another order ...
 I looked all over for chew toys for my cat , because he punches holes in any cardboard he can find , and shreds up all kinds of paper . He earned his nickname `` Hole Punch Jones '' from doing this . Anyway , he loves chewing on these mice . They sound horrific if he really goes to town on one , but he chews other stuff up much less . I just have to leave the room sometimes from the noise . Definitely worth it , though .
 Fast and quick delivery.My kitten seems to like playing with these toys BETTER than his squirrel toy.He has played with these EVEN MORE
 These little mice have a lot of interest for kitties . Mine like to pick them up with their claws in the meshy fabric and fling them for a game of `` cat and mouse '' . There are no small hard pieces on them to lose or for kitty to swallow . Overall , an inexpensive purchase for a good deal of enjoyment .
 My cats are about 10 months old and they loved these toys ! They are just a bit smaller than I would have liked . My cats get them lost easily and I have to go find them a lot .
 So this year the grilfriend and I decided to get gifts for one anothers pets . She has two cats and i heard about how catnip drives cats crazy -LRB- in a good way -RRB- so i thought i would get them something with it in it . These little mice are perfect for your cats ... her cats went bonkers the moment i took these little guys out of the package and they havent stopped playing with them since .
 My two recently-adopted adult cats love these . I 've tried several types of toys , and these are the ones they spend the most time with by far . They love to bat them around and the netting helps them skate across my hardwood floors . That netting also means they have n't torn the stuffing out of them yet , unlike some of their other -LRB- conventional -RRB- toys.I do n't see them chewing on them a lot , so the mice probably wo n't help them with tartar , but it may be too soon to tell .
 My two year old cat LOVES these mice . She bats them around all over the place and puts them in her mouth to carry them to anyone who will play fetch with her . She loves these . The only problem I have is that she loses them to who knows where so I keep replacing them . But they are worth it for many hours of fun and exercise . I often find them under the covers in the AM as she wears herself out playing with this and brings them to bed where she konks out after a good workout . These are her favorite toys with her catnip banana a close second .
 Been looking in all the pet stores for these , low but with the metal grates so the animals can not just break through ! The plastic ones get brittle here and end up cracking over time ! Love that I found them on Amazon !
 As usual , a very satisfying purchase . I have previously bought 3 of these same products and are very satisfied . The transaction was professional and delivery was as stated and on time.Wood Expansion Gate
 This gate is really easy to install , lightweight but sturdy , and it 's tall enough to keep even my large dog -LRB- Golden Retriever -RRB- from jumping over . The plastic bar along the top is a great addition to the standard accordion gate because it keeps the dogs from getting hurt if they put their feet up on the top of the gate and it gives the gate more tensile strength so that the dogs ca n't easily crash through it or knock it down . This updated version of the expansion gate has made an old idea much more useful .
 I love this Expansion Gate , it was very easy to install.I swing the gate open , never have to take it down.Highly recommend it .
 The price was right . However , it 's not for chewers or a big dog that really wants out . My dog chewed right through the wood , but I glued it back together , using popsickle sticks , and have n't had a problem since .
 Pet containing items are expensive . I know this , and every pet owner knows this . If your pet container does n't work , the results are distastrous . I especially know this , after my dog learned how to jump out his $ 120 pen only two weeks after purchasing it . I come home to find my apartment a mess . I can only imagine how many pet owners can relate . Well , the good news is that this extra-high dog gate does work , and it works great . The thing is deceitfully strong , and with the wire mesh somewhat flexible , the dog can pull at it fiercely with having minimal effect on removing the wood frame from its place . The remaining star goes out to the desire of having the frame be made of metal or even plastic . The wood seems fine , but I think it will wear out sooner than any other material choice.As a note , I would get the * extra-tall * gate seen below -- I have an 8-lb Pomeranian and he could easily figure out how to climb over the shorter version of this gate despite being so low to the ground.I was a little confused how to operate the pressure bar , but after 20 minutes of experimenting with it , my dog had no chance of opening it since it was so tough . Though a small dog , he is fierce and I put him as a great litmus test.So for you pet owners worried about purchasing such an important item online , sight-unseen , have no fear
 We ordered this for our 40 lb dog - who is medium height but can jump high ! This is a great gate , easy to setup , no hardware needed -LRB- which means we can move it and use at multiple locations around the house -RRB- , sturdy ... and can widen to cover wider spaces than the normal gates found in petstores - we love it !
 Bought this to keep our new puppy in the kitchen . Found it for a super price < $ 10 , and thought I 'd take a chance . It 's high enough that medium/small dogs ca n't jump over it , and it 's well made and study . Stays strong once locked in place . Super thrilled with this great buy !
 It fits the area I need great , but my Yorkie either jumps or climbs out of it . So I have to lay gates on top of the enclosed area as well .
 sturdy , great height for dog/cat , had for over 4 years now and not one problem , simple , but not for the simple minded ; some ca n't seem to get the mechanics down on function ... hum ? and these are my friends ?
 Excellent dog gate . Even in tricky , not evenly spaced areas , this gate does the job . We bought this gate because we did n't completely trust our dogs with our newborn and it has helped us live a little easier .
 Works great ! Actually is very bright and intially me fish were confused and would not go to there typical sleeping habits . I angle to moon light against my flurocent light and it works great . The fish were well adapted in one day and now I finally see my banded shimp at night . It also gives all my coral a beautiful glow at night . Lots of oohs and aaas from company
 The effect is very nice fish seem to like it , my nocturnal fish now come out and are visible it comes with some adhesive strips to stick it on the top of canopy but i found they were no strong enough so i used glue and it is fine .
 my two Golden Retrievers loved these -- AND they kept them busy longer than other chews . A bit expensive , so they will not get them often , but they WILL get them again .
 excellent price , fast delivery , easy to use , worked well for my mini schnauzer.I would highly recommend , for small dogs or children .
 This gate was exactly what we needed as it was for an extra wide door opening . Easily installed and good quality . Sturdy enough for small dogs or puppies , but large dogs would probably break when fully extended .
 All in all I am very happy with my purchase . The gate arrived pretty quick , about four days after ordering it . The gate itself was not a full 96 '' wide as advertised , but the way the hook screw extends from the wall it worked out just perfect . I have a four pound chihuahua who I needed to keep off of the carpet so this gate worked perfectly . The gate is very delicate , so if someone was purchasing this for a large dog or a baby I do not think this gate would be the right choice , unless perhaps you find a way to secure the gate to the ground as well . The product is definitely worth the price and I would order it again .
 I purchased this gate to try to save my furniture and carpet . My little dog had many accidents and I needed to be able to try to minimize the damage and block off parts of the house . The opening I wanted this for was very wide so this gate has been perfect . It was easy to install and is easy to open and close to pass through and still leave the gate standing . It is also simple to remove if I were to have people over and wanted the gate removed . I worried that the slats might be wide enough to allow a tiny animal through but it was perfect ! The only thing I would suggest to someone buying this to purchase the plastic inserts for securing the screws into a wall . I did have to go buy some because one of the screws pulled from the wall and , though it was n't expensive or difficult to get them , I was n't sure what size I needed for the screws . It would certainly be nice if the appropriate ones came with the hardware packet but I suggest you get some . Otherwise this has been the perfect answer to my problem and has saved my home !
 Purchased this item to use in my kitchen for my dog . I had a hard time finding one long enough . This one was perfect !
 Just what we needed for our wide opening . The package arrived safely ; installation took me about 20 mins . Since I was securing it to drywall on one side , I had to use my own drywall anchors as they were not included -- no big deal . Most of the install time was just finding the anchors , the right drill bit , and marking the walls . It 's been up for a week and has kept our 2 puppies safely corralled in the kitchen . We just step over it rather than swing it open .
 This is a really good gate because it 's wide and tall enough to keep your pet -LRB- s -RRB- enclosed . The only drawback that I have was that since it is made out of wood , I wish it were a little heavier . But overall , I give it 4 stars because it 's easy to install and does the job .
 I 've had this gate now for about a month . It 's a little tricky to put up , but once it 's up , it is beautiful and very secure.It 's just the right height that my older cat can jump over , and my little min pin ca n't .
 a good gate for the money so far my one year old can not get though it only bad thing you have to make holes in your wall and make sure you have a stud to screw into where you are going to mount to wall
 This gate is used to contain 2 golden retrievers , and has been doing a great job . Easy to install , sturdy , and great for large opening between two rooms .
 Perfect for what we needed it for -LRB- keeping little elderly dogs out from under foot in the kitchen -RRB- !! Great value , but not for people who have dogs that will constantly push against the gate or puppies who chew .
 Very wide gate , perfect for every doorway and tall enough so my puppy ca n't escape .
 gate arrived very fast , very good quality . just a bit short -LRB- by &#60; &#62; 2 &#34; -RRB- easily fixed . Does the trick for what we needed !
 We adopted a dog who has a curious nature and lots of energy . Due to the open layout of our home , a typical baby gate was not enough to contain this pup in the kitchen area . This was the only product I found that was long enough . Now , if she gets smart enough -LRB- which I worry she will -RRB- this gate wont stop her . Its not terribly high or strong . One good push and its going over , luckily it seems she is n't interested in the barrier . If you have a jumpy dog this mostly likely wont stop them , but a smaller dog , or one who respects boundaries , this will be great .
 the gate was just what we were looking for and the company was promp and took care of us very well !
 I had one of these leashes years ago for my cavey and wanted another for our cavies and bunny . I love that this leash will fit a variety of sizes ! So long as you make sure the locking slide is in place where the leash and harness meet , I 've never had a problem with it choking any of our pets . I can see that is you do n't get the locking slide all the way locked that it would perhaps tighten and choke your pet . Our bunny fought really hard against the leash the first time we put it on her but never did it tighten . The bunny and two cavies love their leashes as that means they get to run around the yard with the kids ! Our cavies are too large for the cavey leash , so this was the perfect option as it will expand to go around their HUGE bellies !!
 I purchased 2 of these items and received them fairly quick . They work great once I get my bun 's to hold still long enough , they are completely adjustable and are not binding or make them hot . They love going outside with these leashes ... They are priced great as well !
 I walk 5 dogs and thought my only option was to have them all on their own leash . And with this method we were constantly stopping to untangle the mess . Someone saw me one day and suggested these couplers . HOLY HAIRBALLS has it ever changed our walks ! Now there 's no tangling and a LOT less stress for everybody ! This thing is a miracle . I use a 3-way for my 3 little ones and a 2-way for my 2 big ones and life is EXTREMELY GOOD !!
 It is a great piece of equipment . I hooked my older dog and a 3month old puppy on it . the puppy was walking and leading with the other dog , with no problems with in 2 days .
 great product ! works well for my two , 20-lb miniature schnauzers . they like to smell the same things , so this is a good product for them . there is some pulling , which is to be expected , when they try to go their separate ways .
 it is easy to figure out however it takes a while to get used to
 For the price , I am very satisfied with this product . This product fits my boxer very well , which is hard to find for their short snouts . His snout was exactly 10 1/2 '' as is recommended for this product . He has not been able to get it off , although he has not tried very hard to get it off yet . If you get this for your dog , I would recommend that you view and follow the training tips on the video on youtube called `` conditioning your dog to wear a muzzle . '' This method works well for teaching dogs to wear any type of muzzle.I bought this muzzle because my dog has a nervous aggression around people and other dogs . I have not tested it out with other dogs yet , but it has worked well at preventing him from nipping at people . To my suprise , it has actually calmed him down around new people . We have been doing training with him to expose him to more people , but he has still been very nervous and has occassionally nipped at our helpers . After using the muzzle to train him we were still able to let our guests give him small treats for his training , and without the fear that he would bite them . He has not even attempted to bite at our guests since we got the muzzle . Another advantage is that he is not able to bark when they come over when he is wearing this.The only thing I was intially worried about with the muzzle was the seams on the inside of the muzzle . I was afraid that it would rub on my dogs snout and rub it raw . Thus far it has not , but the longest that we have left the muzzle on him is about twenty minutes . I would not recommend leaving this product on long term as it does not allow the dog to open his mouth wide enough to pant very well . But he is able to drink and eat small treats with it on.Overall , I would recommend this product to someone if they are using it to restrain their dog from biting or barking for short amounts of time . For a dog that needs to wear it for longer amounts of time or will need to pant to keep cool , I would recommend looking into getting a basket muzzle that will allow the dog to pant more freely.Update
 Bought the size 5 for my 70 lbs shepherd/lab mix with nose circumference of 10 inches . Fit perfectly . Keeps him from getting fresh with unknown visitors and makes it very easy to clip his nails . As if he knows his `` weapon '' has been deactivated .
 I have a 17 month old rottweiler . I decided to purchase this and carry it just in case I need to use it while taking him out in the public . It is light weight and you can pack it away anywhere . It fits great on him and it is fast and easy to use . Have n't had a problem with the muzzle coming off . The muzzle seems like it will last and not fall apart which is great considering it is not the higher end , more expensive muzzles you see at the pet stores .
 I had previously bought a Size 1 in another brand . It was too small . # 3 was too big.When I decided on getting the # 1 Quick Fit Dog Muzzle , it was because I thought it may fit.It fits pretty well . I had to put it on the tightest setting , but then it works.It took my dog about 10 minutes to stop trying to take it off . Then he was finally good with it on.This is a well-made muzzle and I would recommend it . But know your dog 's size so you wo n't end up with 3 muzzles .
 Nicely made , smooth inside and lined , but the recommended size runs small for the breeds listed . Not close to fitting my bullmastiff , but labelled for that breed.Haven ' t ordered the larger size yet , but the return process worked great .
 My dog 's a chewer/nipper but I hated the idea of a muzzle . This is a great compromise . It 's small , not heavy and minimizes any discomfort to him , but also lets him know that he 's in `` time out . '' We 've had it several months and by now just showing him the muzzle gets him to behave better . As far as muzzles go , it 's light , well make and just big enough so he can open his mouth a bit and even drink water . He 's a clever dog and ca n't get this off on his own . A great deal .
 This product probably would 've worked great if only I had bought a size smaller.The adjustable strap fit great when I made it the smallest it could be but the mouth part was way too big for the chihuahuas nose.She 's a plump chihuahua but still has a tiny mouth!Other than that it 's still a good product if you get the size right .
 I use the muzzle for a 80lb Yellow Labrador Retreiver.I though I 'd metion that before reviewing this product.The muzzle itself is well made . All the materials used are of standard quality , nothing out of the ordinary . 100 % Nylon with a long strap and locking plastic clasp . The stitching is strong and had little or no flaws at all . In this regard , this muzzle is perfect ; quality materials and well built . Except for the lock ; it should 've been metal ; My dog is n't exactly a puppy , she has big paws and if left alone , could easily break/snap that thing off.Now , the problem with this muzzle is it sizing chart and the lack of information here at amazon . The first one I ordered was too big , it was a size 5 and it was too big for my dog 's snout and head . So , before returning it , I read the sizing chart , which sugested I needed a size 4 . But , that was also wrong , even with a size 4 , the muzzle still has too much wiggle room , both at the snout and at the strap . The strap , being too long , now has too much left over and the muzzle , does n't really give me the confidence to leave my dog alone . I only use the muzzle for vet 's visits , just in case.The good thing about the muzzle however , is that it allows my dog to pant , smell , and even eat small treats . It does n't put any pressure on her top mouth bone or ride up to her eyes . She 's comfortable the entire time she wears it.I wo n't give a low rating , because credit is due where it 's due . The muzzle is well stitched , 100 % nylon , gives dogs room to breath , etc. . But I had to take the score down to 4 stars for the misleading sizing chart and the plastic lock.So , if you have a dog just about the same size as mine , buy a size 3 instead of 4 . I 'm keeping my size 4 , but only because I rarely use it . If I had to use it more often , I would definitely return it for a smaller one . Hope this helps .
 My Bella was a barker ! She barked over eeeeeverything ! Well this stopped it & I only used it 3 times on her ! She hated it so much she got the hint ... now I use it on her twin Maxx on certain occassions when his anxiety tantrums could kick in ; -RRB-
 I have a muzzle that is size 1 from another manufacture , so when I bought size 2 of this muzzle it turned out to be too big for my dog , so I will have to order a size 1 to fit the dog I bought the size 2 for . Not a lost sale though , as I have a larger dog that the size 2 fits well on . Verify brands before purchasing replacement muzzles , measure measure measure .
 My dog does not like being muzzled but we need to do it as she gets so scared at the vet 's office and tries to snap at the doctor . This muzzle goes on easily and adjusts quickly , getting the job done . Would definitely recommend . This is the only muzzle our dog does mind having on !
 Nice quality but way too big for the chihuahua in the smallest size . It fits our toy poodle nicely but he does n't bite .
 This muzzle is the perfect muzzle for those times when you suspect your dog might nip or bite.It is a simple , quick and comfortable solution when needed .
 Although we are n't able to get the dog into the muzzle , the company went out of their way to be of assistance . I could n't have asked for better customer service from this vendor .
 Bought these to keep one of our dogs from chewing up things that would harm her . This way she has the freedom to roam around , drink but ca n't chew . Works good .
 The leash works great . Our iguana loves to b on it to walk around . The lock does n't always stay locked . We have to watch it and check it frequently so she dose n't slip out . But we enjoy the leash and it is easy to put on her .
 Length :
 The harness works great , and now my iguana can go anywhere she wants and hang out outside without having to worry about chasing or catching her . It came on time and was a reasonable price , thank you !
 I was kinda sketch at first with buying ANOTHER harness because both my iguana and water dragon could get out off all the other ones , but this one keeps them in place ! I only have one , but it is universal for all sizes . It is pretty long and lets them run around outside as they please and for that I am glad !
 It 's very cheap made , but so is the price . it 's hard to adjust , and it seems it 's not very secure , but it does what it 's supposed to do . maybe it 's just that my iguana is not big enough for it , it 's about 6 months old .
 Bought this from petco since I was already there . This is a good harness and is very effective , but with green iguana 's it will produce some spike damage .
 This harness and leash is very secure , it 's a little bit of a hassle getting it off but it 's worth it for the security of your pet .
 My bearded dragon only wiggled out if it once , and that was because I did n't put it on properly ! It works just fine and people are highly amused to see a lizard on a leash .
 This fits our adult dragon very well , he does n't seem to mind at all . It is secure and has a long leash .
 This was perfect for my guinea pig!I just need her to get over her fear of walking outside !!
 This is a good feeder . However , it is too small for my fish one seek feeding . It is also difficult to adjust to the amount I want . Oh well , I will use it when I will be on vacation next time hopefully mt fish will have some food instead of go fasting . If you have about 6 koy fish , I recommend the bigger feeder .
 The fish feeder works good not excellent as it is difficult to determine the amount of food that will be dispersed each day . It also has to be reset when you change the brand of food . Once it stopped because of the battery connection . It needs to have an ON indicator `` light '' . It is a good value for the price .
 Worked well . Dispensed food over a required period of time .
 Definite helps to reduce odors in my turtle 's aquarium and keep the water clear ... If you are having trouble keeping the water clear , try to block away direct sunlight from hitting your tank with curtains or a hoodie and make frequent 50 percent water changes to prevent algae blooms .
 Fluval carbon has quite a bit of surface area compared to many other activated carbons . This extra surface area makes Fluval a very effective and quick acting activated carbon . The only `` drawback '' I can think of might be that it is a little dusty and messy , but that is n't really much of a problem considering how effective Fluval activated carbon is.I do n't use carbon in my tank on a regular basis -LRB- I like to keep the tannin from driftwood in my tank at a maximum for my black water cichlids -RRB- but when I do use carbon , just two cups of Fluval will clear the tannin out of my 150 gallon tank in a day or two . I ca n't really attest to the longevity of Fluval carbon , as my tank seems to de-activate the carbon rather quickly . I would imagine in a smaller tank without driftwood , the carbon would last for a while.On a side not , I have been using ` used ' carbon instead of perlite for soil drainage in my houseplants . It seems to be quite effective and is a good way to reuse something that otherwise would just be thrown away.So overall , I would hardily recommend Fluval activated carbon for those who demand high performance carbon in their aquarium .
 It works wonders for my fish . None of the other brands seems to work well with my ciclids . Saves me bundles from buying all those small 100 gram packets.Overall , its works great .
 Fluval carbon is much finer than most and seems to work better , too . It 's definitely `` dirty '' but a few seconds of rinsing -LRB- in cool water -RRB- before you put it in the filter seems to take care of that problem.The 58oz jar comes with a large , reusable mesh bag to put the carbon in . If the bag is too large for your needs -- it was too large for what I needed in my Fluval 204 filter -- I recommend using some old pantyhose to create your own bags .
 My dog loves this ball , and normally he is quite good about not destroying things , but I was worried about him damaging his teeth on it . We put it instead a hex rubber ball -LRB- about 8 inch round ball with hex shaped openings -RRB- it still makes all the noises and he can no longer get his teeth on the Babble Ball .
 Our dog absolutely loves this ball . It keeps him occupied for hours . I am realy amazed at how it really talks to the dog . Great toy .
 `` Little One '' schnoodle loves this toy ! She plays and plays with it . Even hides it and finds it . Rolls it to us and then fetches . Ca n't get enough ! By far her favorite !
 I bought this for my toy breed dog hoping it would entertain her while I was busy/away - and it does just that ! The ball makes multiple sounds , from cricket chirps to barking to wildcat growls . After pawing the ball a few times , my timid dog got over any fears and is now completely fascinated . The battery is replaceable , which is great as so many noise-making toys eventually stop working.The only difficulty I have with this toy is that it is hard plastic -LRB- to keep the inner workings safe I assume -RRB- and still a bit large for some smaller breed mouths , so when it rolls under furniture someone has to retrieve the ball . This is now my dog 's favorite toy , and even the smallest movement activates sounds . If you place this on uneven tile , be prepared to hear lots of noise !
 i have a four month old german shepherd puppy , who is blind . at first she was a little afraid of the loud noises from the ball , but it did n't take long for her to fall in love with the toy . since she can follow the ball and find it again when she loses it , it has become her favorite.i wish the ball were larger and had a rubber surface . she ca n't be left alone with it so she does n't crush it . i have to make sure it is put up out of reach when she is finished playing with it , so none of the other dogs eat it . but this is the first toy she has really been crazy about and if it brings her joy , it brings me joy too .
 Dog really enjoys playing with the ball . Gets plenty of exercise chasing it . Sometimes the barking is annoying but seeing her tail wag is cute .
 What a hit , I am a cat owner so I had no idea ! I sent them to all my friends with dogs as gifts this year . You would think I had given them all the world . Every one was over the moon with how their dogs took to them . One dog out of six did not like it , but pull toy was a big hit with her . For the price I am telling you can not beat it . Make sure not to take it in the car , it will make you nuts .
 I have two Yorkies and they went wild over this toy , they carry it in there mouth to the sofa then drop it to watch it flash .
 I have a Boxer puppy and two Greyhounds and they love these balls . I ordered a second small and medium balls for replacements in case the first balls break . The doggies have so much fun with them and love to play with them for hours . The puppy , in perfect Boxer style , bats the larger one around with her paws . My male greyhound will destroy a new toy in minutes but not these so far . My puppy prefers the animal sounds of the smaller ball and the Greyhounds prefer the human sounds in the larger ball . It is a riot to watch and you will enjoy them almost as much as your doggies .
 I love these talking balls and so do my dogs . They have all sizes and colors . AND ... since our backyard does not have a `` permanent '' fence around it , we put a temporary fence around the back patio to keep our dogs in . You have to move/slide open one section of the fence to get from the patio to the backyard or from the backyard to the patio . To do that you must move a big ceramic pot . In that ceramic pot we have several of these balls and if ANYONE touches or moves that pot all the balls start talking scaring off anyone that might try to enter and alerting us that someone might be trying to gain access to our home .
 When I first got this toy , my dog was obsessed with this toy . And I mean obsessed in the strongest sense of the word . Both her and the toy would fight for the last word and so the fights with this thing would go on for what seemed -LRB- and probably was -RRB- hours . She still goes at this thing once or twice a day and I 'd say it 's one of her favorite toys . I do n't think this is a good toy for hard floors -LRB- because it 's an electronic device without a way to absorb shock -RRB- or for apartment living . It will entice your dog to go nuts barking at it and slamming it around , simultaneously testing your sanity and anyone within ear shot . It is a very loud and sensitive toy . Just walking by will set it off . Your dog will try to dominate it , but it will keep smarting back at your dog like a petulant teenager . This is the one dog toy I have to put away every once and a while . I love the large variety and random order of sounds . I 'm taking one star away because it 's a somewhat obnoxious toy ... at least for my dog . If your dog has a tendency to bark , be somewhat wary .
 My Bella was a barker ! She barked over eeeeeverything ! Well this stopped it & I only used it 3 times on her ! She hated it so much she got the hint ... now I use it on her twin Maxx on certain occassions when his anxiety tantrums could kick in ; -RRB-
 I have a muzzle that is size 1 from another manufacture , so when I bought size 2 of this muzzle it turned out to be too big for my dog , so I will have to order a size 1 to fit the dog I bought the size 2 for . Not a lost sale though , as I have a larger dog that the size 2 fits well on . Verify brands before purchasing replacement muzzles , measure measure measure .
 My dog does not like being muzzled but we need to do it as she gets so scared at the vet 's office and tries to snap at the doctor . This muzzle goes on easily and adjusts quickly , getting the job done . Would definitely recommend . This is the only muzzle our dog does mind having on !
 Nice quality but way too big for the chihuahua in the smallest size . It fits our toy poodle nicely but he does n't bite .
 This muzzle is the perfect muzzle for those times when you suspect your dog might nip or bite.It is a simple , quick and comfortable solution when needed .
 Although we are n't able to get the dog into the muzzle , the company went out of their way to be of assistance . I could n't have asked for better customer service from this vendor .
 Bought these to keep one of our dogs from chewing up things that would harm her . This way she has the freedom to roam around , drink but ca n't chew . Works good .
 For the price , I am very satisfied with this product . This product fits my boxer very well , which is hard to find for their short snouts . His snout was exactly 10 1/2 '' as is recommended for this product . He has not been able to get it off , although he has not tried very hard to get it off yet . If you get this for your dog , I would recommend that you view and follow the training tips on the video on youtube called `` conditioning your dog to wear a muzzle . '' This method works well for teaching dogs to wear any type of muzzle.I bought this muzzle because my dog has a nervous aggression around people and other dogs . I have not tested it out with other dogs yet , but it has worked well at preventing him from nipping at people . To my suprise , it has actually calmed him down around new people . We have been doing training with him to expose him to more people , but he has still been very nervous and has occassionally nipped at our helpers . After using the muzzle to train him we were still able to let our guests give him small treats for his training , and without the fear that he would bite them . He has not even attempted to bite at our guests since we got the muzzle . Another advantage is that he is not able to bark when they come over when he is wearing this.The only thing I was intially worried about with the muzzle was the seams on the inside of the muzzle . I was afraid that it would rub on my dogs snout and rub it raw . Thus far it has not , but the longest that we have left the muzzle on him is about twenty minutes . I would not recommend leaving this product on long term as it does not allow the dog to open his mouth wide enough to pant very well . But he is able to drink and eat small treats with it on.Overall , I would recommend this product to someone if they are using it to restrain their dog from biting or barking for short amounts of time . For a dog that needs to wear it for longer amounts of time or will need to pant to keep cool , I would recommend looking into getting a basket muzzle that will allow the dog to pant more freely.Update
 Bought the size 5 for my 70 lbs shepherd/lab mix with nose circumference of 10 inches . Fit perfectly . Keeps him from getting fresh with unknown visitors and makes it very easy to clip his nails . As if he knows his `` weapon '' has been deactivated .
 I have a 17 month old rottweiler . I decided to purchase this and carry it just in case I need to use it while taking him out in the public . It is light weight and you can pack it away anywhere . It fits great on him and it is fast and easy to use . Have n't had a problem with the muzzle coming off . The muzzle seems like it will last and not fall apart which is great considering it is not the higher end , more expensive muzzles you see at the pet stores .
 I had previously bought a Size 1 in another brand . It was too small . # 3 was too big.When I decided on getting the # 1 Quick Fit Dog Muzzle , it was because I thought it may fit.It fits pretty well . I had to put it on the tightest setting , but then it works.It took my dog about 10 minutes to stop trying to take it off . Then he was finally good with it on.This is a well-made muzzle and I would recommend it . But know your dog 's size so you wo n't end up with 3 muzzles .
 Nicely made , smooth inside and lined , but the recommended size runs small for the breeds listed . Not close to fitting my bullmastiff , but labelled for that breed.Haven ' t ordered the larger size yet , but the return process worked great .
 My dog 's a chewer/nipper but I hated the idea of a muzzle . This is a great compromise . It 's small , not heavy and minimizes any discomfort to him , but also lets him know that he 's in `` time out . '' We 've had it several months and by now just showing him the muzzle gets him to behave better . As far as muzzles go , it 's light , well make and just big enough so he can open his mouth a bit and even drink water . He 's a clever dog and ca n't get this off on his own . A great deal .
 This product probably would 've worked great if only I had bought a size smaller.The adjustable strap fit great when I made it the smallest it could be but the mouth part was way too big for the chihuahuas nose.She 's a plump chihuahua but still has a tiny mouth!Other than that it 's still a good product if you get the size right .
 I use the muzzle for a 80lb Yellow Labrador Retreiver.I though I 'd metion that before reviewing this product.The muzzle itself is well made . All the materials used are of standard quality , nothing out of the ordinary . 100 % Nylon with a long strap and locking plastic clasp . The stitching is strong and had little or no flaws at all . In this regard , this muzzle is perfect ; quality materials and well built . Except for the lock ; it should 've been metal ; My dog is n't exactly a puppy , she has big paws and if left alone , could easily break/snap that thing off.Now , the problem with this muzzle is it sizing chart and the lack of information here at amazon . The first one I ordered was too big , it was a size 5 and it was too big for my dog 's snout and head . So , before returning it , I read the sizing chart , which sugested I needed a size 4 . But , that was also wrong , even with a size 4 , the muzzle still has too much wiggle room , both at the snout and at the strap . The strap , being too long , now has too much left over and the muzzle , does n't really give me the confidence to leave my dog alone . I only use the muzzle for vet 's visits , just in case.The good thing about the muzzle however , is that it allows my dog to pant , smell , and even eat small treats . It does n't put any pressure on her top mouth bone or ride up to her eyes . She 's comfortable the entire time she wears it.I wo n't give a low rating , because credit is due where it 's due . The muzzle is well stitched , 100 % nylon , gives dogs room to breath , etc. . But I had to take the score down to 4 stars for the misleading sizing chart and the plastic lock.So , if you have a dog just about the same size as mine , buy a size 3 instead of 4 . I 'm keeping my size 4 , but only because I rarely use it . If I had to use it more often , I would definitely return it for a smaller one . Hope this helps .
 Excellent - light weight and perfect for our dog . I wish I knew about this sooner .
 pleased with the toy as is my pooch . Squeaks but not too too loud so that it 's overly annoying . make a great in the house fetch toy .
 That is all that counts , She can not put this toy down for one minute . It is well constructed and is holding up well .
 I have 2 high energy dogs that I am not able to exercise as much as they really need . Having the backpacks and being able to put some weight on them helps to tire them out quicker ! This backpack works great ! I love the reflective trim on the sides so even if we go walking when it 's dark , I do n't have to worry about them being seen . Great product !
 The Snuggle Safe heat pad is a wonderful portable source of warmth for any small animals you may have . I 've used this item for years - ever since a friend suggested it to me as a replacement for a heating pad . It heats quickly in any microwave.In the past , I 've always wrapped the warmer in something to shield my pet from the heated surface . The Snugglesafe now comes with a soft cover . With the cover it 's easy to place it in your pet 's bedding.I 've recommended this warmer to a lot of people . We own four of them for all the places a kitty might like to curl up .
 Works very well with Kittens and Puppies , but also Humans as a calming , constant source of heat . Highly recommend !
 I bounght the SnuggleSafe for my 21-year old cat who is a warmth junkie . I hesitate to leave electric heating pads turned on when I 'm not at home , so my kitty had to go `` cold '' turkey whenever I left the house . The SnuggleSafe really does stay warm for 10-12 hours ! I do n't use the cover that came with it -LRB- it 's thin and not soft enough -RRB- . Instead I place the SnuggleSafe underneath a couple of layers of microfiber blankets . Kitty is happy and contented for hours and I can leave home without a guilty conscience . Perfect for older or arthritic cats . I highly recommend it .
 I work in cat / kitten rescue and use this when we have orphaned kittens come in -LRB- or when we have a sick kitty -RRB- . It works great - you do n't have to worry about cords , it stays warm for quite a while and is portable.I 'd highly recommend it !
 I received three of these last week . Two are for my Jack Russell Terriers and the other was a gift . All three dogs have given this product an enthusiastic thumbs up .
 I bought this for a feral cat I am taming . She is in a room that gets a bit chilly at night . It stays warm most of the night . There have been times when I come back in the morning that it is cold , but also times that it is still warm . The only thing that would make it completely perfect is if it were more flat and maybe softer . I put blankets around and over it to make it a little more comfortable . This is a great product !
 This product worked wonderfully with my new puppy . It heats up and I place it under his bedding and it is still nice and warm 10 hours later in the morning . If anything it is a little hard and makes his bed a little lumpy - but it doesnt ' t bother him . I take it out in the morning because he would love to chew on it and that would not be good . Do n't buy a cover because it comes with one in the packaging .
 I got this to keep my dog warm in his kennel on winter car rides . The hardness of the plastic makes it seem uncomfortable to lay on so I rest it against the side of his kennel . Charlie will snuggle up to it to keep warm when he 's in there . He really seems to like it . It does stay warm for quite a while . It was in the car for several hours on a very cold day -LRB- less than 10 degrees -RRB- and it was still warm when we came back to it . It comes with a fleece cover so no need to by one .
 This product is so great . I thought it would take awhile for my cat to figure it out but as soon as I took it out of the microwave she followed me into the other room , jumped up , sniffed it and then settled right down . She has n't moved since . Definitely worth the price ! And do n't buy the extra fleece cover , it comes with a cute tan one with paw prints on it .
 Excellent product for animals who are outside some during winter months . Heats up in 5 minutes and lasts up to 12 hours . Received product quickly and in excellent condition .
 This works like a charm . This was the perfect size , seemed to stay warm all day and was easy to reheat . I ended up using one of the plug-in pads and placing this on top of it though , because it just seemed a little &#34; icky &#34; to reheat the disc in the microwave we use for reheating our food -LRB- guess we needed a dedicated microwave ! -RRB- . LOL . It was also an extra thing I had to remember to do .
 I have two of the Snuggle Disc.I ca n't tell you how wonderful they are for just warming-applying heat to affected area & muscle aches & Pains . As you can tell my CATS us one I use the other . Unless they want both.THEY ALWAYS WIN >> > The Disc stays warm for at least 6-7 hours maintaining a great temp . Cats love heat & are in seventh heaven with the Snuggle Safe . I ca n't say enough how great they are with multi purpose uses.Thinking about a third one just in case . I use sometimes to warm my feet in bed on cold nights then my Babies get it for the rest of the nite.I am very particular on buying online but this is one mistake not made ...
 Great Product !! Fast Shipping!Thank youWould order from this seller again .
 the SnuggleSafe heat pad provides consistent warmth for well over 14-15 hours . your pet will feel safe secure and always warm with its SnuggleSafe tucked into its bed !
 I heat my snuggle safe for 8 minutes and it stays hot a long time as long as it is covered by a blanket , etc. . If it sits on a metal surface , it loses the heat faster , of course . I bring one to work because I work in a chilly warehouse . I also keep one under my blankets at night if I am chilled .
 I must have princess and the pea type dogs - they just did n't care for the hard disk under their blankets - they kept digging around until they got it out of their bedding , they are large dogs . Before I returned it , I offered it to a family member who has a very small dog who has health problems and does n't have much hair and is therefore always cold . Needless to say , she snuggles right up to it and loves the warmth it provides . In the end , I 'm happy with the purchase .
 Hesitant to purchase anything that is made of plastic , contains any kind of solution , AND that you have to heat in a microwave -- I went ahead and bought one for my stray outside cat -LRB- He does n't like to come into the main house but will come as far as my mudroom -RRB- . Right now we 're having wind chill temps in the single digits and my little farmhouse is cozy but on the drafty side -- with the mudroom being the chilliest room in the house . He LOVES this little warmer . After a day of chasing females , showing the other dudes in the neighborhood who 's the mane attraction , and acting like an all-around-bigshot , he meets me at the door when I get home from work . While I heat up his Snuggle Safe disk and slip it between the folds of his bed blanket , he eats his chow , cat chatters with me a while and then curls up into a fetal position draping himself over this little bit of heaven . I heat my disk for 6 - 6 1/2 minutes around 7 or 8 p.m. and when I check it in the morning around 6:30 a.m. before the Big Guy goes out , it 's still just warm enough to be snuggly . I then reheat it again about 7:30 a.m. and put it in his outside daytime bed before I go to work . It does n't last as long in the outside cold , but I still highly recommend it .
 I bought two of these to put in the dog house for two small Min Pins . I am gone too long during the day to leave them inside so they stay in a large dog run . I warm these discs up in the morning , wrap them in a small blanket and tuck them in with the other blankets in the dog house . They are still warm when I get home 10 hours later . The dog house is well insulated and this adds just enough heat to keep the dogs toasty and comfortable all day even though the temperature is below 50 . Works great and I do n't have to worry about heating pads with electrical wires that they would be sure to chew .
 I bought two of these pet heating pads then purchased two additional pads for our feral kitties . I heat them first thing in the morning and again at night . I place them in their shelter -LRB- we call it our cat condo -RRB- and cover them with a towel . The cats are nice and warm for the winter .
 We have an old pooch , about 20 lb . size , that must sleep in the porch -LRB- was never properly house broke -RRB- and she loves her Snugglesafe . She snuggles down in her bed with her shoulders , front legs and head over the bed warmer and her ` blanky ' over her back . I notice she 's not as stiff in the mornings , seems more alert and ready to go . That tells me she is getting a good rest . Excellent product and will order one for the grandma cats as well .
 This is a great heat pad . Even though it 's covered with a fleece , I put it under a blanket for my puppy to lay on . He 's out like a light within seconds . He loves this thing , especially on cold mornings , better then wearing a sweater . lol
 Great for keeping my stray cat nice and warm in his `` dog '' house . I was worried about how to provide a nice warm place for him and happened upon this , it was an answered prayer .
 I bought 2 of these for my cats for Christmas . They are great and the cats just love them . It did not take them long to figure out that the disks are warm and they snuggled right up to them . My cats are indoor cats but I figure on the coldest days it is always nice to get some extra warmth . I also had to get one out before Christmas because I had a sick cat that needed to go to the vet . I fits perfect in the carrier and I did not need to worry that my sick cat was going to get chilled . I love the fact that there are no cords and the cover that comes with it is great also to keep a barrier between the cat and the disk . I would recommend this to anyone that wants to give their pet some extra warmth without cords . The disk stays warm for a good 12 hours so you only need to microwave it twice a day . Great idea and gread product !
 After microwaving for 4-5 minutes , we place one of these under a pet warming blanket and it works great to keep the stray cat warm overnight in her outdoor shelter.The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it has a hard shell case that is pretty firm . It comes with a soft cover , but the cat seems to prefer an additional warming blanket over the disc .
 Pet Supply Imports SnuggleSafe Pet Heating PadThis is exactly what I needed for my little 13 lb . puppy . I put it under three layers of bedding . No cords or plugs to worry about . Her bed stays warm all night . Not sure how it would work for a big dog . It is worth every penny .
 I have 5 SnuggleSafe Heating Pads . I live in Chicago and Spirit is my outside cat . He is not feral but , my indoor cat will not allow him inside . I put the heating pads -LRB- 3 -RRB- in his KittyTube Condo before I go to bed and it remains warm for him until morning . He loves his Kitty Tube Condo.The condo is fully insulated and helps with keeping the pads warm . Serious winter has not hit yet but , even if I have to put Spirit in my car because of snow ... it will be with the heating pads !
 Our cats love the warmth of the snuggle safe . The cover is an extra added bonus . It warms up very wuickly and stays warm throughout the night .
 We got this for our Jack Russell terrier , who does n't have a lot of fur so he gets pretty cold during the day when we turn the heat down since we 're not at home . We usually heat it up in the morning and stick it under a blanket for him , and he just snuggles in for the day . It retains its heat pretty well .
 My two smallest rescued dogs -LRB- I have 3 small , 3 medium & one large - Rescue DOGS that is -RRB- get cold very easily in my house , as I keep the temperature low for energy conservation and to save on fuel . The 12 + Min Pin and 13 + Dachsund mix have very short fur and get cold easily . I place the heated Snuggle Safe in with them in them in their fleece ` caves . ' Because I use the Snuggle Safe Covers I do n't have to worry about them getting burned , but it makes their caves extra toasty .
 Now that we 're back to cold weather , I 've been tucking the heat pad under my dog 's bed pillow . And I do n't have to worry about him being cold in the car . Love the portability and no wires . I might have to get one for myself for a quick fix to get the chill off .
 Lo utilizo para mantener caliente a mi erizo , me ha funcionado a la perfecci&oacute;n . El envio cumpli&oacute; con los tiempos estimados , el producto lleg&oacute; en buen estado . Me gustar&iacute;a en un tama & ntilde ; o un poco m&aacute;s peque & ntilde ; o que este .
 I have stray cats that I feed and in the winter I put this disc in doghouse -LSB- cat house -RSB- that I made for the cat -LSB- he wont come indoors -RSB- and put disc under towel in a cat bed and it keeps him warm , have 2 discs they stay warm for 12 hours . very pleased.bought first one at agway $ 49.99 2nd one on amazon $ 24.99
 Great Product for outside animals who need a little more added warmth without using scary electric cords ... my cat sees this and starts purring
 This product works well . I put it in the microwave and then put it in my dogs bed . Helps me feel less guilty about keeping the house a bit chilly . Good economical alternative .
 Pet Supply Imports SnuggleSafe Pet Heating PadThis came very fast and on time . I have already used this on my smallanimal and it works great and stays warm . The only thing I want toremind you to read how long to microwave every one is differentand you do n't want to burn your animal .
 I am a hemodialysis patient , and like most of us , I get cold during treatment . Every patient covers themselves with a blanket , of course , but that was n't enough for me . The Snuggle Safe heating pad , that holds warmth for 10 hours , allows me to heat it at home and have it last throughout my treatment . I recommend it to all dialysis patients .
 This has been by far one of the best purchases for our new puppy ! It is warmed up and put in the crate every night and she loves it . Keeps her warm all night !
 I love SnuggleSafe ! It keeps my dog warm all night and it 's safe ! I do n't have to worry about electric wires or anything harming my pet . It saves energy since I only put it in the microwave for 5 minutes and it stays warm all night . I will get one for my sister 's dog and ferret next winter . I highly recommend it .
 Thank you so very much . The product is excellent and I believe it saved my orphaned kitten . Between plenty of tlc and his heating pad he is growing up just beautifully .
 This is an awesome product . We just adopted a hairless cat from lilnudist.com and they told us about this product . I ordered it and we LOVE it . Our gorgeous little bambino boy loves it !!! This was the perfect gift for a naked cat ... I highly recommend this for ferrets cats hedgehogs . . and other small animals . .
 I bought this with the idea that my pet can stay toasty warm and it would be with minimal energy used . I heat it up and put it under his blanket and he stays toasty warm until morning . He is one happy cat !
 This is our third snugglesafe pet heater . We started out with one for our geriatric cat -LRB- 19 yrs -RRB- . By necessity we found out it keeps pots warm on the buffet -LRB- fully washed and sanitized , of course -RRB- . Hubby then wanted one of his own to keep his feet warm while on the computer and now we are purchasing a third for a friend as a gift . Keeps the heat for 10 hours easy . For the cat we had to wrap it in a towel when adding it to her bed as it was too hot - but 10 hours later we pulled the towel off and it was still warm enough for her . Stopped her from waking us up at 4 in the morning because she was cold . Love it ! And I should mention our first snugglesafe is about 5 yrs old and still going strong after being heated almost every night during the 5 months of winter . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this for an aging cat . He slept on it one time and then decided he did n't like it . I then used it as a foot warmer . My small dogs also enjoy it .
 these keep our cats warm at night in our unheated addition . Two paws up ! would be the review from the cats .
 First off let me say , it works . This things gets warm and stays warm . I use it for my outdoor cat . It comes with a brown fleece-like cover with black paw prints that seems well stitched and should wash just fine . We call it the cat 's &#34; frisbee &#34; because of its shape . My cat snuggles up to it and stays in her cat house through the cold night . I use it in conjunction with a thermal blanket -LRB- not the plug in kind -RRB- for extra insulation.The only downside I can find it that it 's constructed of hard platsic . The cover provides it no cushion . My cat does n't seem to mind * too * much , but I know it would be more comfortable for her if it was pillowed - although that might reduce its effectiveness at allowing warmth to come in direct contact with her body.Also , if you did not read the warnings - NEVER use without the cover or some blanket in between the product and your baby . I tested the &#34; danger &#34; claim and was sorry . It was hot enough to make my finger a little sensitive for a few minutes . With the cover though , it 's cozy warm and just fine.Overall , I would definitely recommend this product to any pet owner trying to provide some extra warmth - although , someone mentioned using one to pre-warm their own beds . Now that 's an idea !
 What a wonderful product ! In December , I adopted a tiny -LRB- 1.5 pounds -RRB- rescue puppy . The rescue organization suggested I order it . Mz Izzy -LRB- aka the Izmonster -RRB- loves it ! It really does stay warm for hours and hours . It was nice to know that I did n't need to worry about her getting cold in my drafty old house . I will be ordering a second one before next winter . I have a small poodle that is becoming more sensetive to the cold as he ages . I think he will appreciate it too .
 The snuggles are wonderful . I use them for small kittens when taking them to the vet etc. . Our rescue group always uses them when ever a kitten will be traveling such as shelter pickup . The Snuggles keep the kittens nice and warm .
 My microwave is 950 watts , so I heat for 5 minutes . I followed the instructions exactly on timing -- no more , no less . The first few times it did not seem to get as warm as after I had heated it several days in a row . DO NOT heat longer than recommended for your microwave . We built an outdoor shelter for kitty out of two Rubbermaid containers , with one smaller than the other and insulated on the inside of the large container with a small round cut out to enter/exit . We taped a towel over the round hole at night time to keep the cold air out , yet kitty can push it aside with her face to get in and out at will . Every evening the Snugglesafe goes into kitty 's house with lots of warm blankets and she is snug as a bug in a rug !
 I bought this for my hedgehog It was delivered quickly and I only microwaved it once for a few minutes and it stayed warm . Not sure how long it will last but It 's a emergency item for him in case I need to take him to a vet during the cold months .
 I have an old cat who is 14 , and 2 small dogs , one is only 5 lbs . Needless to say , they get cold easily , even though they are indoor animals . I purchased 3 of the Snuggle Safes for my pets . Although it comes with a cover , I made a small polar fleece cover for each , just incase I needed to wash the covers . Anyway , all 3 pets wait for me to heat their beds up in the microwave . The Snuggle safe is a hard plastic , and seems to be puppy chew proof , again my dogs are small . I put the snuggle safe under a pet blanket and they hold their heat a good 8 to 10 hours . So , if you have a pet who always seems to be cold , this is the answer for you .
 We have a Skinny pig that needs to be kept warmer than your average guinea pig . However they will chew on everything so this works perfect . We heat it up and place on top of his igloo so the warmth of it goes inside so it keeps him very warm ... but safe . We do have a fleece blanket on top of it as well because he also likes to sit on top of the igloo so that keeps him from getting too warm ... We recomend it !!!!!
 This product is just what it says it is . It 's a Fribee-like disc in a fleece container that you microwave . It does n't say as warm as long as advertised , but it does stay warm for a number of hours . My animals do n't sleep on it as it is hard , but they will sleep near it , which works because the heat radiates if you are close to it . I 've used it myself to warm my feet at night .
 This is an awesome product . My cat has the old version -LRB- hard plastic -RRB- which I often borrow and to warm my feet at night . Now I am getting another for my elderly mother who lives with me . Great for her aches and pains . She also puts it on a quilt on her lap and she and the cat love it .
 I got this snuggle disk for my hedgehog and all I can say is it is perfect for him . Stays nice and warm and I was really happy that it came with a cover for it . Well worth the money for it . Once you have it , I 'm sure it 'll last for a while .
 this is a great product for keeping you hedgehog warm and toasty . it 's easy to heat , and with the cover that it comes with on it feels like just the right temperature . I 'm not completely sure it stays warm quite as long as the manufacturer claims it will , but it does stay warm for several hours . The only real problem , if you want to call it one , is that if you use wood shavings as a bedding material the cover is like a magnet for them.It is just a pain to get them off the cover so it can be washed . The pad itself is simple to clean and keep clean . This product sure beats heating pads and other electric devices to help keep your little buddy warm and toasty . My hedgehog , Sonic would give it 2 thumbs up , if he had thumbs !
 I am using this for puppies that were recently born . It is n't safe to keep a heating pad on for hours at a time , but this stays warm for 10 hours plus with no electricity !
 I wish I had this product years ago . 4 minutes in the micro and I slip it under my kitty 's bed .
 I ordered 4 discs for my 4 cats . Arrived in perfect condition all the way to Europe . The disc is safe and very effective on cold winter nights . The disk stays warm for about 6 to 8 hours . My cats love to use them.I really like the product and it was worth the money . Shipping was fast and product is just as described .
 Nice , convenient , warm heating pad that lasts for several hours with one microwave heating turn .
 We had one of these and loved it so much for our outdoor cat , we got another . We put it into her winter `` cubby '' just before bed , and it 's still got warmth left in the morning when she comes out . This is the dead of winter too . When the temps got really low , we put a second one in for peace of mind . It 's the best little thing ! I wish we had known about it before .
 I found this disc to be perfect for sliding under the bedding of a mama cat and her new kittens . It is perfectly warm enough to keep them all comfortable , sturdy and easy to wipe clean , and is great for cordless/no battery warmth to keep them all cozy !
 I 'm a dog agility competitor , and most of the trials are in cold barns . I pop the Snuggle Safe in the microwave before I leave home , and it 's warm alllll day at the trial ! I have two in fact , one for me , one for the dog . I also track my dogs , and I 'll leave the Snuggle Safe on the van seat to come back to a nice warm seat . On particularly cold days , I 'll even stuff it up under my shirt and tuck in my pants for a portable back warmer . I learned of the Snuggle Safe from a rural friend who gives one to each of her kids to ` keep warm ' in the back of their van . Safe , effective , reusable , long lasting ... it 's great for long cold days of birding too . And , if does it need ` recharged ' most Quick Trip type places will let you use their microwave if you ask nicely . Wonderful Product ! Also great to put at the foot of your bed on these cold cold nights .
 I 'm so happy with this that I actually got a second SnuggleSafe so I can keep post-op pets warm for the full 24 hours that they need to be able to keep their own temperature up . -LRB- The SnuggleSafe must be completely cold before it can be safely re-heated . -RRB- As others have mentioned , the SnuggleSafe does come with a cover , but you may want to purchase a back-up cover if you 're using this for pets.When I do n't have pets in recovery , I use a SnuggleSafe for myself as a bedwarmer - it stays warm all night !
 Super easy to use and stays warm for quite a while . The only negative is that the disk is really hard . I wanted to use it for my outdoor cats bed , but it was so hard I had to go to the fabric store and get a piece of foam to put over the disk so the bed was actually comfortable . Also worth noting PSI took forever to ship .
 This is great for my outdoor cat in Vermont winters . It definitely does NOT stay warm for 12 hours , though , even when the temperature is above freezing .
 My cats are truly in love with these heating pads . I like the fact that they warm in the microwave , so no wires .
 I bought this for a barn cat and put it in his bed . He loves it . Just bought a second one !
 I bought it for my mom actually , she has cold feet especially during winter and she loves it ! Never gets too hot and last for whole night !
 The snuggle safe works as described , and our cat seems to like it which is a good thing since it must remain outdoors .
 This heating pad is an efficient and safe for keeping a constant temperature for pets requiring regulated and constant warmth .
 While the plastic is kind of hard , the outer cover is nice and soft . It seems to stay warm during the night hours . We use it inside in a room that gets a little cold .
 10/10 great product shipped immediately . Will definitely use these guys again . Out feral kitty has two of these to keep him warm 24/7
 Hardness of the ` frisbee ' product -LRB- an earlier reviewer 's objection -RRB- was not an issue . Encircled by a towel -LRB- to make it level -RRB- over which I placed a small/walled kitty bed , it made a purr-fectly warm sleeping place for an outdoor ` orphan ' even when the temperature fell to 15 degrees F. recently . I microwave it at 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. daily , which seems to be adequate . I 've recommended the product to several friends and will certainly , when needed , buy another for myself ! I 'm trying to retain website information for future use !! Thank you ... Kathryn
 I bought this for my elderly dog and she seems to love it . I work 12 hours at night and did n't want to keep the heat on all night . Now she has a warm bed that is safe even when I am not home . It is a great !
 Heats up quickly in my microwave , 4 minutes - last all night long . Instructions say must be cool before re-heating . So we bought two , that way while we are away at work he can also stay warm . It is a hard plastic disc , so we put his blankets over it in his bed , this way it seems to heat his entire bed . He watches us place the disc , replace his blankets , hops in and snuggles until he gets it just right . I do suggest the cover , it makes it easier for you to handle and less likely to be too hot on the pet in case he removes his blankets .
 I had a cold cat that wanted the furnace on , but instead I throw this in the microwave and the cat is warm and happy . It works great .
 I was n't expecting to get this so fast ! It came in a couple of days and just in time :-RRB- When a Sugar Glider is ill , they do n't hold their body temperature well , this is PERFECT ! Thank you !
 Our kitty loves this heatpad ! We heat the pad with its cover in our microwave for 5 minutes , according to the chart on the side of the headpad . Then we place it under the removable cusion in hercat bed , and it stays warm for about 10 hours.When we received the heatpad in the mail , I was suprised because it was so different from how I thought it would be -LRB- but not in a bad way ! -RRB- . - It 's made of thick , inflexible plastic . I thought it would be soft and rubbery , but I guess the hard plastic makes it `` bite resistant . '' No problems there . - I thought it would be about the size of a CD , but it 's almost as big as a frisbee ! Pleasant surprise -- more surface area for warmth . - It 's as heavy as a hardback cookbook . - It comes with a washable fleece velcro cover -- ours is tan with a black paw print design . You do n't have to buy a separate cover for it.I would recommend this heatpad to anyone looking for an alternative to the electric kind for their pet !
 Length :
 I had a cat move into my barn on a cold December day - well he stayed out since my indoor cat has no love for other felines . So I felt a need to baby the barn boy during the cold winter . I got two of these -LRB- one used on eBay -RRB- and would rotate them morning and evening . If he stayed in his bed this still retained some heat after 12 hours . Was great for the barn since I do n't like too many electric products due to the chance of fire .
 Our dachshund was extremely ill and had to be hospitalized . While there , the vet used one of these to help keep him warm . He 's kind of a cold natured dog anyway , so when he was released , we looked for one for home . After looking at our local pet superstore to no avail , I searched on Amazon and there it was ! The dog is happy and mom and dad are happy too . We will use this often , especially in chilly weather to keep Frankie toasty .
 This product works great . The cats took to it immediately . I feel much better about them staying warm at night as the area where they sleep gets very cold . They used to scratch at the door at night , but not anymore more . They are happy in their beds til morning . For the science minded
 My almost 17 year old cat loves this . I warm it up for him every morning before I leave for work and it 's lukewarm when I return in the evening . Very good for his aching bones .
 I bought this heating pad to use in a cat bed in a garage on a cold night . It retained its heat overnight and kept the kitty nice and warm .
 This product is good especially for small to medium pets . I have a large coon dog and I probably need to purchase another one to keep him warmer . This product is very sturdy -- my dog has tried to chew it and it is still in good condition ,
 We were looking for something to keep our rabbits warm during the winter and I stumbled across this . I bought one originally and they loved it so much that I ended up buying a second so that they could each have one !
 I wish I had found this sooner . What a fabulous product ! This heating pad is keeping our little outdoor stray kitty warm and snug in the insulated house I built for him . It goes in the folds of a small quilt and stays warm through the night . I have checked it after 12 hours and it 's still a little warm . Ca n't say enough good things about it . Do n't hesitate . Buy this heating pad .
 This is the best pet warmer for your little ones you have to leave in the car when it 's COLD and only for a short while . Never leave your pets in a HOT car EVER !!!! But , sometimes in Seattle when it 's in the 40 's and I got to starbucks for a coffee and my little dog goes with me , he can stay warm in his little hut in the car with this warmer underneath it : -RRB-
 I 've used my SnuggleSafe off and on now for over 10 years . Every winter for my outside stray cat and sometimes just for a `` treat '' for my spoiled inside cats . I 've learned that about 6 -LRB- or so -RRB- minutes in my microwave works great . I was carefull to not overheat it from when I first got it because it was kind of out of my budget and I wanted to take good care of it . I put it wraped up a little with a old towel and it heats up my outside kitties bed untill morning . -LRB- cardboard box on its side , sides lined inside of box with newspaper , then plastic garbage bag taped all around box to keep it dry . -RRB- I live in southern California so it 's not the Artic tundra , but it was 37 this a.m. and the SnuggleSafe still had some heat and the kitters were happy !
 Our little Yorkie recently learned the pleasure of a heated blanket . Soon she became reluctant to sleep in her cozy crate ... until we found Snuggle Safe . After heating it in the microwave for 5 minutes and carefully sliding it into the protective snuggle cover -LRB- included -RRB- , the pad is placed on in her crate until bedtime . When it 's time for her to get inside , I push it to the back under a layer of her fleece blanket ; this way , she can lay on the warm spot and still benefit from the heat while she slumbers . Her crate is large enough that she can move around if she gets too hot . Much to our amazement , the Snuggle Safe Heating Pad is still slightly warm 24 hours later . I was surprised that the pad is actually pretty hard and stiff -- it 's in know way a cushy pillow-like pad . The cover makes the surface soft to the touch and once it 's buried under some blankets , it still fits the snuggle bill . We 're very pleased with this product and highly recommend .
 Heats up fast and easy . Maintains heat for 10-12 hours . Has helped keep newborn puppies warm . No need to worry about electrical cords
 So far I am very pleased with this product . I ordered two . It does EXACTLY as promised . It is very important to READ the instructions regarding how long you should microwave for at a given power . The heat pad does seem to keep the heat very well all through the night . I have used it for both an outdoor cat in the cold and our iguana . My only constructive criticism would be that it would have been nice if it were n't so hard but that may be hard to avoid . The size of the disk is not mentioned in the info but it is about 9 inches in diameter . And a nice nuetral cover would have been better . Iguanas do n't like black pawprints that look like eyeballs so I have to cover it with towels instead . But for reptile transport where temperature is imperative -LRB- ALWAYS -RRB- this is a GREAT solution!I can see where it could be a great bedwarmer for humans on cold camping trips in trailers -LRB- must have microwave ! -RRB- All in all I am pleased with my purchase . -LRB- The cat and the iguana are too -RRB-
 I bought three of these wonderful heatpads to keep my cats and rabbits warm in winter . I have been using them every day since they arrived and my pets love them . Even though all my pets are indoors , they are always seeking warmth , and these heatpads seem to be working quite well . My 19-year-old cat is especially fond of them and purrs loudly as soon as I put it under his blanket . It is important that you check the wattage on your microwave in order to heat the pads for the correct amount of time . I highly recommend this product .
 From what I understand it is a UK manufactured.SnuggleSafe heatpad is ideally for puppies / kittens and any cherished pet.You simply microwave the SnuggleSafe disc and it will give up to 12 hours of warmth & comfort to any cherished pet . It is bite resistant and has no wires to chew through.It has been embraced by pet owners , vets , charities and by anyone who cares for pets large or small . Particularly during the colder months , or animals that may be new born or convalescing . Great for training pets to a cozy corner & off the furniture.Ideal for pets kept inside or out , such as rabbits and guinea pigs . It also now comes with a free cozy cover . A SnuggleSafe placed under a water bowl , will prevent it from freezing.SnuggleSafe has been SGS tested for pet safety and is much safer for keeping pets warm & comfortable than a conventional hot water bottle / granary bag , which some pet owners may use . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This product works well if you carefully follow all of the directions . I learned this the hard way myself . You CAN melt and overheat it if you heat it too long it or if you wrap it in something besides the included cover when heating -LRB- my mistake -RRB- . Directions
 SnuggleSafe Microwave Heat Pad My skinny short-haired Chihuahua -LRB- 13 yrs . old today -RRB- LOVES the Snuggle Safe Microwave Heat Pad . I put it in her bed under a thin feather pillow -LRB- Heat pad is hard so it needs a little padding on top . The heat still comes through just fine . On a cold night when I put it in her bed she makes a little groaning happy noise - the human equivalent would be ahhhhh !!! She has a thin fur coat and is very happy to have it . I cover her with a baby blanket and she 's in heaven , stays warm all night . Worth every penny !
 I bought one of these to eliminate some of the electric cords we have snaking all over the house all winter from electric pet bed warmers . It is safe , reliable , and I can warm the communal dog bed all day while I 'm at work without worrying about electrical fires , chewed cords , etc. . I have n't tried yet but love the idea of using it under blankets in the back of the car when we all go on the road together !
 I have a hedgehog , so this product was recommended since hedgehogs are very sensitive to the cold in the winter and I did not want to use a plug-in heated blanket -LRB- they need a temperature of at least 70 * F to be comfortable/happy , and even though they can handle in the high 60 's they do tend to start getting sluggish -RRB- . Kozmo -LRB- my hedgehog -RRB- loves this thing , and it works great . If you need to go on short trips in cold weather you could microwave this for a few minutes , with it staying plenty warm wrapped in an old pillowcase with blankets on top for the hedgehog to hide/snuggle under . Since hedgehogs will often urinate even in their sleep areas , this product is great since it is very easy to clean between microwaving with a wet paper towel or water and a little soap.The only reason this amazing product did not get 5 stars is because , at least for hedgehogs , you will need to buy two of the snugglesafe heat pads to use in cold weather . This is because frequent changes in temperature can really throw off the hedgehog and they may start acting a little crazy , as well as their sense of time being thrown off . Therefor it is best to have two so one can be heated to last through the night and the other for during the day . Also , as nice as the cover is that comes with it , since it is fleece it might not be good for most hedgehogs since their nails can get caught , and also because some might just destroy it by trying to `` dig . '' ***** It is also important for hedgehog owners to remember that even when the weather starts getting warmer , it still might be to cold for hedgehogs since the household heaters will not turn on as often . I found this out the hard way - one day Kozmo tried walking , tripping and stumbling , eyes half closed , with his whole body shaking violently and he ignored his favorite treats or tried very weakly to gum them ... I of course freaked out , called vets -LRB- it was late at night so most were closed -RRB- , heated up his SnuggleSafe to put in a carry box with him and rushed over to the vet , really thinking he was horribly sick or dying . Of course , after getting there and sitting in the waiting room for an hour or so , he pops his head out of the box looking for treats - perfectly happy and back to normal thanks to the SnuggleSafe having warmed him up again . So if you see this type of scary behavior , try warming up your hedgie before assuming it suddenly has wobbly hedgehog syndrome , or other such things . Also , if your hedgehog does not come out to eat around his regular time , perhaps several hours late , it might actually be too cold to move - lift up its blankets to see and if its shivering/shaking or in a very , very tight ball and not responding like usual . Heat up the SnugleSafe quick , and maybe even hold the hedgie close to you for your body temperature until it is done in the microwave . Feeling the hedgehog can also tell you if its cold , since even the spikes will feel slightly icy . *****
 This is the best pet heating pad I 've ever used . As a veterinary technician , I learned about and used this product to care for ill or recovering surgery patients . It far outstrips electric heaters -LRB- burn hazard , fire hazard , pesky cords -RRB- and buckwheat bags -LRB- do n't retain heat . -RRB- When used according to its enclosed instructions , the pad stays warm for a LEAST 12 hours at `` room temperature '' and will stay warm at under 30 degrees outside for 6-8 hours if placed between blanket layers . They are completely comfy for pets if placed under a blanket or two , and still keep the animals toasty-warm . I used these `` frisbee heaters '' in my outdoor dogs ' beds last winter , at temperatures sometimes under 20 degrees F , and they stayed warm all night when I heated them properly and used blankets around them . Be VERY CAREFUL not to over-microwave this product , as this may cause it to leak , and the gel is VERY hot .
 Received this as a gift after I put it in my wish list . Used it to comfort cat when her soul mate of five years passed away as a result of -LRB- suspected -RRB- Menu Food poisoning in December . So easy to use . Just heat it up in microwave and it can stay warm for up to six hours or more , depending how you use it . I put it under a blanket as it is too hot for the cats to sit on it with out some heat dispersion . I also have a small cloth cat nip bag that I put in the cloth cover and the heat warms the cat nip and the cats really seem to dig it . I used it when I brought a new cat home from Las Vegas to San Diego , a 5 hour drive and I think that the warmth of the heater that I put under the pet carrier put the little cat to sleep . Very well made , sturdy and excellent instructions .
 This handy little disc is so much less mess than a hot water bottle , holds heat longer , and never seems to wear out . I bought one for my aging dog but ended up using it to warm up my own bed before I climb in . I 'm getting two more now for gifts .
 Having worked in animal rescue for many years , I can not say enough about this product . Unlike a conventional heating pad , there is no danger of electrical problems . I have used this product for my elderly cats as well as bottle babies - it is easy to use and easy to clean . It is helpful when one of my babies does n't feel 100 % - sort of like cuddling up to Mom.And rotten person that I am , it also makes an excellent foot warmer for me .
 I 'm extremely happy with the snuggle safe pet Heatpad . I keep my rabbits outside in a sturdy hutch and was concerned that on cold New England nights that they would be uncomfortable . I insulated their roof with hay and a tarp , lined the inside with hay , and gave them a plexiglass window so they can still get daylight , all this would probably be enough , but when I saw the Snuggle Safe Ad , I knew I had to get one . It 's just an added bonus , and I feel I 've done my best at keeping them warm . It 's easy to use and works great .
 I bought this so my older cat could enjoy being out on our enclosed but not heated porch on cooler days . After heated it will maintain it 's heat for a few hours , but I 've never seen it keep it 's heat for anything near 12 hours . It loses it gradually , though . I always put it under a thin pet pillow or towels . It is HARD . My guess is that the pets would like the feel of it much better if it were flexible , but maybe they 'd also be able to bite into it and access some sort of internal gel if it were soft , so maybe it 's a safety issue that it 's rigid.It appears to come with a thin cover now . When I bought it it was just the plastic disk itself .
 Originally purchased a few years ago for my cat who had medical problems and could n't &#34; walk &#34; except to drag herself on her two front legs . Have used it since with another cat -LRB- age 23 ! -RRB- Who absolutely loves it . In fact , I have to re-heat it every 8 hours or so or suffer dirty looks -LRB- as only a cat can give you ! -RRB- .
 My two 5 pound Chihuahuas fight over this thing , so I am coming back to order another one ! Works great !!!
 My out door Cat Free loader loves this snuggle safe heating Pad . It keeps her warm for hours.I put it in her out door cat Igloo . I think it works better than a pug in out door heating pad . She just came to my door one day and must have said this lady is going to take good care of me.And I do .
 I bought this for my puppy , but used it myself first to test it out . It kept its heat all night . I was seriously impressed . It is hard , so I got a stuffed dog cover for it .
 This is absolutely the greatest ever for aging pets with achy bones . A quick zap in the microwave , put in your pet 's bed and warm and cozy all night . An alternate use , warm your feet while watching TV or lounging in bed .
 This is a great product . My dog sleeps outside and I tried the plug in heaters , but I do n't feel comfortable with them and they seem to have less heat . With this product it 's not always in the back of my mind to wonder about the safety of it , especially if my dog pees . I 'm going to buy another one to put in the dog house during the day .
 I bought this product in January to help my cat combat cold nights in his kennel and have definitely received my money 's worth from it . I was worried about having electrical wires running to/from his bed , so I did n't want to go the heating-pad route . The SnuggleSafe has been a great discovery for both of us ! Tucked under the pillowtop of his bed , it provides enough heat to keep him warm all night - he 's still very cozy when I let him out of his kennel in the morning . Although I 've found I like an extra layer of fabric between me and the SnuggleSafe if I 'm using it on my bare skin to ease a muscle ache , I have n't had any problems with my cat being burned or uncomfortably warm on it . I 've also found that it 's great for warming up cold bedsheets before climbing in at night and my boyfriend wants one for cold mornings in the duck blind when he goes hunting . Great product - lots of uses !
 The SnuggleSafe Pet Heating Pad has been very helpful in caring for my feral cats this winter . We have had an unusually cold and snowy winter where I live and I have used this product to provide some warmth both during the day and at night . It is easy to use - just microwave in accordance with the instructions , and place it under something so it is not directly against the animal 's body . The disk stays warm for about 6 to 8 hours and it is both safe and easy to use - no electrical connections needed .
 Works quite well . Lasts the full 8 hours . A must buy if needed !
 This product was recommended by a veterinary technician and it is well worth the cost.This seller had the product at the lowest cost I could find . Shipping was super fast and product is just as described .
 I got my snugglesafe for my sick kitty & he loves it ! Great product ! I am so glad I bought snugglesafe .
 I use Bed Buddys and put one on my 17 YO Border/Aussie mix since his hips hurt him a great deal . With this much colder than usual weather , I decided to give this a try when I noticed he was laying on the hard floor next to my oxygen concentrator , which puts out heat , but then his hip hurt so much he could n't get up.At first when I had him lie on his bed on the disc , he looked like ' I do n't want to lie here right now , I. ... OH Yeah , right there ! '' , a very contented look on his face . I put the heated disc on his giant bed in the morning so he can move to it or away from it as he wants to , and mostly he is using it . The disc is about 12 '' diameter and comes with a washable cover that is like a half circle you slide the disc in , and the top flaps close with Velcro . Also , the instructions say the disc can be heated with or without the cover , which sounds different than the way it used to be . I like to just keep the cover on , that way I do n't need any hot pads to remove it from the Micro . The package says it holds the heat for 10 hours , while the description of the product says 12 hours , however I 'm not sure how long it stays warm . As of now , I heated it this morning at 7 AM , it 's 2 PM now and it 's still warm . It would be nice if this company put out a flexible pet warmer as well , so I could drape the flexible one over the top hip , and he can lay on the disc on the bottom hip .
 This heat pad is great for small animals who are chewers . There is no cord to worry about and you can put it in a carrier .
 This works great for what it is intended . We heat it up twice a day for our two little dogs , and they hit the bed as soon as they see it go under the blanket on their bed . I wish it was a little bigger , but it still does a good job the way it is .
 These heating pads are a great way to keep chickens warm at very low cost . Last week we had an night when the temperature dipped to -18 . It was the acid test for these heating pads . I put two in the chicken coop and hoped for the best . The next morning , when I checked on the chickens with some trepidation , I found that they were warm and happy . Moreover , the heating pads are easy to warm up , and easy to keep clean , despite the fact that chickens are pretty lax about their hygiene .
 A friend recommended these SnuggleSafe heating pads when I brought home my 5 pound Rat Terrier . Even though is is quite cold outside , the crate in his car is toasty warm . He settles right in with a blanket and I hardly hear a peep from him till I reach our destination . Since they stay warm so long , I just plop it in his bed and he can snuggle warm and cozy . I love the covers which protect the product and protect him from getting burned in case the pad is too hot.I would recommend these -LRB- at least two of them for every dog owner -RRB- . Rebecca Campbell
 I put this disk in the microwave for 8 minutes and then set it on the front porch on a big pillow under a light cover . The stray kitty I feed likes to cozy up to it when it 's cold outside . Makes me feel good that I can help her a bit . The coldest it gets here is about 38 degrees , but at least it helps her for several hours .
 I was skeptical that this heating pad would actually stay warm for a full eight hours as the previous reviews said , but it did . It is wonderful to curl up with this on a cold winter night when there is a chill in the house . My two daughters fight me for it and beg to bring it to bed with them to make their beds cozy when they first get in . It 's a great product ! -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 We 've had one before , but mom had accidently overheated it in the microwave . Previously bought one from the pet store last year and they stopped selling them so I had to buy it online . Love the fact that I do n't have to plug it into an outlet ... makes me nervous leaving something plugged in and on when I am not home . When I leave the dog outside , I heat this up and place it in the accompanying cover and under a blanket and my beagle loves it ! She loves it so much that we even use it inside . The heat last all night and is wonderful for my geriatric dog ! I was afraid that she would think it was too hard to sleep on ... but she does n't seem to mind and is always found laying on it.I think this product would be great for puppies because there are no wires for them to chew on and worry about ...
 This is a great product ! I had bought a couple a number of years ago at Pet Smart . I recently need to purchase them again , the last one I had got hauled away by a possum looking for something to eat and he grabbed it -LRB- and punctured it -RRB- and took it but could n't get it out of the fence . So I went on my quest for these great things only to find out no one had them any longer ! I was so grateful to find that Amazon.com had them . I only needed one but bought 2 . I love the fact it is microwavable and it really does work !!
 This heating `` pad '' is easy to use and keeps my feral cats warm in the very cold temps we 've been having this winter . I 'm thinking of getting another one to keep other animals warm .
 I bought this heating pad for my miniature dachshund who is always cold and loves to burrow under blankets . After heating the pad up for 6 minutes -LRB- it comes with a sheet that tells you how long to heat depending on your microwave -RRB- the pad stayed quite warm for at least 8 hours . My dog will snuggle up to it if I cover it up with blankets but by itself -LRB- even with the fleece cover it comes with -RRB- it is still pretty hard and apparently unappealing to her . I do wish the pad was a little softer so she would like it more but at least it is sturdy enough that she ca n't chew it up . The pad does come with its own fleece cover so do n't bother buying another one unless you want extra or if they make something thicker and softer to put it inside . If your dog or cat is not picky about what they snuggle up to this is a great item to keep their bed or kennel warm .
 I recently purchased another SnuggleSafe Heatpad for a new puppy . We already owned one SnuggleSafe when we first brought a new puppy home . Now , we brought two more puppies home and needed another heatpad . They work great to keep the little darlings warm all night long .
 This pad is so convenient and it provides immeasurable comfort to ` GEORGIA '' , our 1.9 pound Teacup Chihuahua . We love it and never leave home without it and Georgia .
 I ordered 4 of these
 This heater pad stays warm for hours . My cat loves hers and I ordered one for me that I love . Miss Kitty is curled up and warm on top of the bookcase and I put mine behind my back on the couch . Great product .
 I purchased this item for a 14-year old Chihuaha . I absolutley love this . It maintains it 's warmth for about 10 hours and you do n't have to worry about any electrical cords or anything shorting out.Great product !
 The snugglesafe disk retains heat for hours . Great for pets who like to snuggle up for warmth , or for humans who keep their thermostats low . I especially like that it does n't require batteries or that it does n't have to be plugged in .
 I have used this product for my cats for many years . My older cat of 17 years is always looking for a warm place to sleep . With this product I do n't have to worry about electrical fires . It stays warm for at least 12 hours and my cats love it .
 I purchased this for my husband -LRB- not a pet -RRB- . He likes to fish and it 's mostly cold early in the morning , this can help warm him for long periods of time .
 I ordered this product to help a stray cat that adopted me keep warm during the winter months . She was staying in my shed and needed a little extra help on those cold winter nights . She was thrilled with the warmth and the length the heat lasted .
 The cats and I really like this item . It keeps the bed warm all night . It 's hard so we do n't like to lie on top of it unless it has a blanket over top . We like it a lot and I 've never tried to chew on it even though it looks a little like a frisbee .
 Have a small breed -- the cover Bonzo the dog is good sized BUT my puppies love him and cuddle up to nap . I use the Snuggle safe heat pad , heated in the microwave , put in the pocket of the Bonzo the dog cover daily .
 The SnuggleSafe Head Pad is terrific . It heats up quickly in the microwave and stays warm for at least 8 hrs . It 's great for a cat or dog bed or for a feral cat outside -LRB- that 's what I used it for -RRB- . Great product !!!
 This is one of the best items that I have ever purchased for my cats . The indoor cats love the `` magic '' heat it provides when tucked away beneath towels or blankets . My permanent , outdoor stray cats love them too -LRB- -LRB- tucked under old towels -RRB- especially when it 's really cold , windy , and rainy . I have purchased several of the disks over the years and they are durable for a multi-year period , as the manufacturer advertises . I also like them because I only need to heat the disks in the microwave oven twice a day . When the weather is cool , but not COLD , I usually only heat the disks for about 1 1/2 minutes and the heat still lasts for several hours . To me it 's a plus that I do n't have to leave anything plugged in to keep the pad warm . I highly recommend it - so do my cats !
 I purchased one of these for my cats , but I have used it for myself even more . As others have stated , it is a bit rigid , and my cats do n't seem interested in it until they accidentally end up laying where it is hidden , then they are warm and happy . I knew my cats would enjoy it since their favorite place to sleep is on top of the heat-emitting dvr : -RRB- But lately , here in Ohio , it has been extremely cold , and , being a student , i spend a good deal of time outside waiting for buses . I had an idea to heat up the snugglesafe and stick it in my backpack , which i did , and it was a lifesaver during those cold trips to campus . It does n't get so hot that it would harm any of the contents of my backpack , and it is still noticeably warm through the layers of fabric . I have a whole new appreciation for this thing !
 I purchased 2 snuggle safe heatpads and covers , for our outdoor pets , our Rouen duck Hamlet and our Toulouse goose Lulu . Once I figured out the right temperature for our microwave , I warmed them on both sides , waited a full minute for them to cool in the microwave and then put each heatpad in separate towels , and slid them under the pine shavings . While Lu and Ham hate to sleep in their house unless it is really cold , they LOVE their Snugglesafe Heatpads and hop right on them , after eating , and fall asleep , comfortably warm and safe.We have 5 indoor cats , and I am ordering for them also ! and they really DO stay warm through the night - the literature states specifically the heatpad needs to be wrapped in something to protect the pet 's skin from the heat , and in doing so , we have given our extra children in fur , and feathers , a gift they can enjoy safely and warmly , for years to come.We high recommend the product and the cover - excellent for pets !
 My cat would never lay on this pad even under a soft cushion . He lays in a chair , so I put it against the back . Even with a cover on it I accidentally burned his back . It is hotter than it seems so cover it well and do not make the mistake that I did by assuming that buying a cover for it is enough protection . He still likes it , but I am more careful now .
 I have two rat terriers and I heat them up and put them under thier blankets in their kennels and the love them . I used to have an electric one , and these are much safer . They do stay warm for hours like the advertisement states . During cold weather they felt warm after 10 hours . The covering that is included is very nice . I would purchase these again and for gifts !
 NOT just for animals . This is great as a foot warmer . I also use it as an old time bedwarmer . Every household should have at least one of these . It is a great product when working out in the cold . I am finding new applications for it daily . Do n't know how I lived without it . Move over microwave.Stays warm for hours and hours .
 I purchased this item for my 2 Italian Greyhounds . I wanted to buy 2 but it was too expensive . I made some big bean bags and warm them up in the microwave . Not as long lasting as SnuggleSafe Pet Heating Pad , but way cheaper .
 This product is amazing !!!! I was worried about my dog staying home in a small apartment that did n't have central heat while I was away at work , but placing this disk under her bedding kept her bed nice and warm - and for more than 8 hours every time ! I highly recommend this product .
 I was skeptical so I only bought one the first time . After going through one winter I am now a believer ! These things really work and they are safe . Temperatures here during blizzards can be bone chilling and the SnuggleSafe keeps my cats warm in their ` dog ' house all night . And I can sleep knowing my barn is n't going to burn down . I am buying 2 more , one for my other cat and one that I can heat in the morning for their use during the day .
 What a great invention ! My one cat who 's on the cold-bodied side absolutely loves and uses the product everyday . I heat 2 discs every morning and they hold heat for over 12 hours depending on where I put them . Would be great if the discs were soft . Am every pleased I found the product and I 'm happy my cat is comfortable and enjoys the warmth .
 It stays warm for more than 8 hours , but I have not tested it for 12 hours . I have cornish rex cats with very little fur and they sleep on these and stay warm . I also use them for catsthat live outside . I have a little dog -LRB- maltese -RRB- and she sleeps on it sometimes . Mainly , I think it is great for cats , though .
 I bought this pad in the first place because an electric one I was using shorted out and smoldered under my cats bed that sets on my couch . I was gone at the time and came home to a bad smell and a scorched couch but it had n't started smoking yet and my cat and parrots were fine . So needless to say I did n't want another electric one and found this wonderful alternative . This microwavable heating pad works great . I heat it in the morning and put it in her bed and then again before I go to bed at night . No worries of overheating or fire . My cat loves it and I highly recommend it .
 this is the best thing ever ! It stays hot for a long time , it is easy to use the directions are very clear .
 I love these . 4 - 5 minutes in the microwave and they stay warm for hours . Easy to clean and sanitize . The covers wash well too .
 I bought this for my 17-year-old cat who sleeps in the garage at night to keep her warm during winter . She screams bloody murder in the early hours of the morning to come inside , so I thought that if I kept her warm at night , it might prevent some of the loud meowing . Warming it up is very easy . Just follow the directions on the actual disc or the paper that comes with it . The disc is n't too warm -LRB- I wish it could be a little warmer -RRB- , and it feels even less warm with the cover on it . The disc is a decent size and the paw print cover is very cute , but the disc is very hard , so my cat does n't lay on it ; she sleeps around it . The product is supposed to stay warm for 10 hrs or so , but I really do n't think it lasts that long otherwise my cat would n't cry as much . Overall , it does keep my cat warmer than usual and it 's easy to use .
 My only dislike is this product does not hold heat for than 8 hours . My one year one pug LOVES to lay on this 24/7 !
 My daughter gave me one and I bought another . I put it in the cats ' bed on the porch when the weather is almost too cold for them to be out . The old cat lies against it and is happy to be outside . Then I put one on their bed in our basement which can be a little chilly.I 've even used it for myself on those days when you ca n't seem to be warm , put it beside me under a blanket on the sofa !
 We have a stray kitty who wants to stay outdoors . Bought this heating pad to try and keep her comfortable on cold nights . Five minutes in the microwave and the disc is toasty . Just put on the cover and put under her blanket and she is happy all night . Temps here can get down to 30 degrees at night and this pad holds its warmth for at least 10 hours -LRB- if put under her blankets -RRB- . Highly recommend this product .
 This is a very easy to use item . I put it in the microwave for 5 minutes and then wait for a minute and put in under the blanket of my dog 's bed . It stays warm all through the night . A great idea .
 We care for our own house cats and a variety of barn cats that we have trapped , fixed , and who now live on our front porch . I ordered this for the outdoor cats on cold winter nights and love it ! It heats up easily in the microwave and holds the heat all night . I just put it in the porch chair with a blanket over it and the cat stays on it all night . When I grab it in the morning for a re-heat , its still warm . I highly recommend this for heating beds when an electrical outlet is not available .
 This is a fantastic idea ! Warm the disc in the microwave for somewhere between 5 and 8 minutes depending on the wattage of your microwave -LRB- it took 7 in my wimpy microwave -RRB- and it stays warm and gives your pet something to nap on or snuggle up to all day -LRB- or night -RRB- long . The instructions and heating time for various microwave strengths is included and is easy to understand . Packaging includes good guidelines for safe use . I 'm only using it indoors , so your mileage may vary if you 're using it outdoors.At first , I was concerned that it would be too hard and that my cat would n't like it . The first time I used it , I heated it up , and slipped it partway under my napping cat . She grumbled at me for disturbing her , and I thought she would find another place to nap to get away from this strange new object . Ten or fifteen minutes later , I came back to find that she had rearranged herself so that she was sleeping right on top of it . With her head tucked upside down to get closer to the warmth . So apparently , even though it is pretty solid and hard , my cat does n't mind at all . And she seems to like the fleece cover . I caught her `` grooming '' it a few times.The cover that came with it is n't of the best quality , but it 'll do , and my cat likes it so far . The velcro is n't attached very securely and the stitching is already pulling away in some places . I think the cover will still work even if the velcro comes off completely because of the envelope-style construction . You could easily tuck the disc under a fleece blanket , too . After two days of use , I find that my cat will curl up on top of the disc even when it just feels barely warm . Maybe she has warm memories and feels comforted by it even when it almost room temperature . She usually does n't gravitate to things like she has to this disc , so I 'd say she 's giving it two paws up.Most of all , I love that I can heat this up in the morning , run errands or leave for work , and know that my cat has something warm to snuggle up with while I 'm gone without any wires , worries about overheating , and no cords and electricity involved . Since I 'm a new owner of this product , I will update if it suddenly fails to perform as expected . But so far , my cat and I are really happy !
 I purchased the SnuggleSafe for my 12 year old domestic shorthair cat who ca n't ever seem to get warm enough . Sure enough , the very first time I heated it -LRB- gave it a little spray of catnip scent -RRB- and put it on the chair , he snuggled right up against it and stayed there . He 's happy and so am I . It could be improved by making it a little flatter , so the cat could comfortably lay on top of it - but this is good , too .
 Received this as a gift after I put it in my wish list . Used it to comfort cat when her soul mate of five years passed away as a result of -LRB- suspected -RRB- Menu Food poisoning in December . So easy to use . Just heat it up in microwave and it can stay warm for up to six hours or more , depending how you use it . I put it under a blanket as it is too hot for the cats to sit on it with out some heat dispersion . I also have a small cloth cat nip bag that I put in the cloth cover and the heat warms the cat nip and the cats really seem to dig it . I used it when I brought a new cat home from Las Vegas to San Diego , a 5 hour drive and I think that the warmth of the heater that I put under the pet carrier put the little cat to sleep . Very well made , sturdy and excellent instructions .
 I bought this because I was in need of a heating device to keep our new hedgehog warm . They have to be in an environment around 78 + degrees which is n't easy to maintain . As a result , our hedgie stopped eating and drinking . I did n't want to buy a standard heating pad as I worried some about the risk of electrical fires and/or the hedgie chewing through the wires . This has been a perfect solution . It keeps the hedgehog warm enough during the night and the day . I heat it in the microwave once in the morning and once again at night . As for proof that it works , our hedgehog is now eating and drinking again.Great product and a real hedgehog lifesaver !
 For over 15 years I have cared for feral cat colonies and one day , a gentlemen that happened upon one of my feeding areas left me one of these heating pads with a note . At first , I was afraid to leave it out for the ferals , until my husband built them enclosures , for fear of it being stolen.Since that day , about 7 + years ago , I have purchased numerous SnuggleSafe Pads . I take the cover off and heat in the microwave for 4 1/2 to 5 minutes . It 's REALLY hot to the touch at that point , so you absolutely MUST put the cover on before giving it to animals.By starting out that hot , they can last up to 10 hours , depending on how cold it is and whether or not an animal is laying on top of it -LRB- which keeps it warm longer -RRB- . If you 're using it for indoor cats , 4 minutes may be long enough.One of the ferals would actually skip eating in order to jump into the bed with the newly heated pad , so as to beat the other cats to it : -RRB- Both my husband and I have used these for our cats at home too . In the winter months , they 're so appreciated by our pets.I have given these as gifts to people with cats and small dogs and when they see how much their beloved pets love them , they are so grateful to have received such a useful and thoughful gift .
 I have a small terrier that gets cold easily . This looked like a great way to keep him warm without the worry of an electric cord . I purchased two from Amazon , these are not available locally . I heat one in the morning , and place it in his Igloo dog house . It is still warm when I return home from work 8 1/2 hours later . At night , I heat the other and place in his bedding . It is still warm when I get him up the next morning . Make sure you place these under their bedding , you do n't want them to touch their skin as they do get quite warm . The directions on heating are great , however - it took a few days of experimenting before I found the right amount of heating time for my particular microwave . If you have an outdoor dog , or a larger dog I recommend you grab two , as you can not reheat these until they are completely cold . Amazons price was much lower than the few online stores that actually carry these .
 My dog LOVES this little disk warmer . She is naturally attracted to heat , so I thought I 'd give it a try . I just put it in the microwave for 5 minutes and then put it under a blanket , and she curls up on top of the blanket . It also feels great when I have sore muscles ... I wish they had a human version of this . Highly recommended for animals who like lots of warmth !
 I bought this because one of my flyball teammates has one ... . and I thought it would be good to have on hand for my little Sheltie . However , I use it more than he does ! They stay warm for ages , and you do n't have to mess around with water as with a hot water bottle . On a cold , winter night , just heat it in the microwave , put it in its little jacket -LRB- included -RRB- , and tuck it into the foot-end of your bed ... . nice toasty feet ! And it was still warm when I woke up the next morning !! I 'm so glad I bought this , and highly recommend it ! -LRB- NOTE
 works very well . used for outside cat house in phila . pa . all winter . the cat and I are very pleased !
 I am a veterinarian and have 3 hairless Sphynx cats . I tuck these warming biscuits into a fleece and my cats burrow into the blankets for a nice warm place to sleep . We also = use them in our veterinary clinic to keep dogs and cats warm after surgery . Recommend them to anyone with cats or dogs that are heat seekers ... especially if they are hairless pets !
 I 've had mine at least 8 years and it retains it 's heat every bit as well as it did when it was new . Worth every penny and I 'm getting another one for another pet .
 I had an outdoor kitty who was dumped off , found his way to my home and I adopted him.He did not like to be in the house and I worried about him during the winter , but made up a box , put it on the porch out of the weather , lined it with multiple layers of newspaper , put an old moving blanket on the bottom , then a shabby baby quilt I found at a flea market for $ 2 , and under the quilt , I would put a hot Snuggle Safe , he loved it , I put it on one side of thebox so if he got too warm , he could lay on the other side . I have used them for kittens too , and frankly , for myself , on cold nites , I warm up one , stick it under the covers at my feetand sleep comfortable all nite , when my feet get cold , I just move themover to where the SS is , and warm them up . It stays warm for me all nite long . I have even usedthem at my feet after coming inside from a freezing outdoor trip to warm up.Just make sure that neither pets nor humans using them are invalid so they ca n't move if itgets too warm for them . They DO get HOT after about 5 minutes in the microwave ! Do NOTplace on or in any plastic containers -LRB- ie kennel crates -RRB- unless well padded on the bottom.They will melt the plastic otherwise.They do last a long time , several years , and are much more durable than similar ones sold thatare made with fabric like shells , had one of those and it started leaking hot liquid after justa few times in the microwave . Have been using the Snuggle Safes for a good 7 years or so , andnot ever had one leak , during the winter , I am microwaving at least 2 every nite.I ca n't recommend these enough .
 I buy these over the net from amazon as they are cheaper in armerica than in australia . I have bought over 40 of these as we use them for our orphaned kangaroo joeys that are in care . I sell them to other carers so we all get the benefits of them .
 We purchased the Snugglesafe Heatpad to use outside for our two rabbits . It gets in the teens and below in Ct. overnight , so we wanted to get something that they could get some added warmth from , but did n't have electric cords that they could chew . I heat it in the microwave for the specified time and then I slip it in a cardboard box I made to fit it . I decided against using the furry cover it comes with because they would either chew it up or pee on it a lot . Then , not knowing exactly how long it stays warm for them , I decided to first wrap it in foil after heating and then slip it in the box . This seems to insulate it a little bit better . I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone for bunnies !
 Even in northern Florida , winter nights can get cold . The first winter after we took in a six-month old feral kitten , it was like having a baby . She would n't hear of staying inside , but with temperatures sometimes in the 30s , 20s or even teens , we had to wake ourselves up repeatedly to let her back in so she did n't freeze . When the second winter rolled around , I had vowed to find a better way that let her humans get some sleep . Google led me to the Snuggle Safe and Tick 'n Thistle 's outdoor cat bungalow , and winters now are no problem . After a few minutes in the microwave , we pop the Snuggle Safe into her little house , and she is set for the night anytime she does n't want to sleep inside the big house . I 've also recommended the Snuggle Safe to several friends who care for outdoor cats , and they tell me their cats would send thank-you notes if they could write .
 Does the job , but is still very hard surface after heating . Putting too much padding between the pet and the product would make it more comfy , but would reduce the amount of warmth . Came with a really nice , washable fabric cover . For comfort reasons , I would probably opt for a gel-filled heating pad next time .
 The SnuggleSafe Pet Heating Pad is an excellent product . I really did n't think it would work that well , but needed something for an outdoor cat . When you heat it up for about 5 minutes , according to directions , it does n't feel hot BUT it actually does stay warm for over 10 hours . It is so much safer and easier than an electric heating pad and , even though it feels hard , pets love sleeping on it . I just put a beach towel on top of it and the cat -LRB- and heating pad -RRB- is still warm in the morning . Great product !
 The first time I saw this product was at my sister 's vet clinic . I noticed how these abandoned kittens would cuddle up together on it . I have a cat that is 15yrs old and wanted to provide some extra warmth through our cold winter months . I 'm not exactly sure how long it stays warm -LRB- I microwave it when I go to work and when I go to bed -RRB- but it is very close to what they claim . The disk is hard even after it is warmed up . I did n't buy the snuggle safe cover which I 'm sure would make it much softer but I put a soft blanket on top which works well too . I looked around to see if I could get a better deal but I could n't find it cheaper anywhere else . I would highly recommend this product .
 We got this for my rabbit to keep her warm in the New Jersey winter because she is an outdoor rabbit . She loves it so much that when I try to take it out of the hutch she fights me ! Cover is included , so you do n't have to buy it separately . It is easy to use , by putting it in the microwave to heat for a short time and then placing with pet . I think it should be nicknamed the `` Bun Warmer '' because it warms my bunny 's buns !
 This product is great . My dog absolutely loves this . He actually gets excited when you get it out of the microwave . It 's amazing how long this thing stays warm . Most microwave `` heat pads '' stay warm for an hour or two . The SnuggleSafe is still warm after almost 10 hours .
 This product has improved the lives of multiple stray cats that have found their way to our side porch on many a cold night . It 's not dangerous at all and only takes 12 and a half minutes in the microwave for two discs . These will stay warm for hours . I 'm here to order more actually . We care for many strays . They always go for the heated spots first ! It 's first come , first serve . In a week there will be two more heated spots which is a good thing since it will be close to zero degrees again ...
 The item stays warm for a very long time . I love it as does my dog . The only complaint I have is that it is very firm and not very comfortable to lay on .
 A realistic solution for cats who have to sleep in unheated spaces.Recommended by a friend , and loved by my cat.She rushes to her bed as she knows she will spend a comfortable night . This is really a necessity - it is a mistake to think that just because cats have fur , they can sleep in the cold.I 'm sorry I did n't know about this item sooner .
 it works great - had to get two since it is for a small pet and my dog is 70 lbs , but it worked great for camping trips
 Plain and simple , this thing does what the makers claim that it does both indoors and outdoors . I put it in a feral cat shelter that I whipped up and it stays hot for 5-7 hours and warm for 12 . Kitty is nice and cozy on below-zero nights . To make it more effective , I seated it in a cradle that I created out of self-adhesive foam insulation -LRB- used for ducts -RRB- . The cradle has significantly increased the amount of heat radiating towards kitty . I am impressed .
 This was a great find . My dogs both love warmth and this is great for all day while they are in the kennel snoozing when I am at work . They hold heat all day , literally . Buying it through Amazon saved me about $ 20 over PetSmart for the same product .
 We have several outside adopted pets . Wish we could have them all in the house but that 's not possible . We have peace of mind knowing the outside guys are warm and toasty in cold weather with these Snuggle Safe Disks . We have 8 of these disks . Highly recommended and they last for years .
 This warmer works great for my athritic cat . It lasts for many hours and is very durable . She loves it !
 A great product ! I have a senior kitty that is always cold . Since it is made of a hard plastic , I keep SnuggleSafe under a couple layers of fleece pet blankets so it 's more comfortable for her to sleep on . It stays warm for at least 15-20 hours when wrapped in the blankets and the protective case that it comes with .
 My Jack Russell terrier really loves her new SnuggleSafe heating pad ! I was skeptical when I ordered it , but it has proven to be just great to tuck under a blanket in her bed ! If I could make one suggestion to SnuggleSafe ... make a bigger one for my bigger dog !
 A great value for the product . We bought two to swap out for our outside dog . He loves it , ca n't get him out of the dog house !! Ought to see his tail wag when we bring out a warm one .
 Wow ! Like night and day once I received this product.So ... say you live in Maine and you travel a lot for your job . You just got a puppy and he ca n't stay home much until he is completely potty trained.And you rescued him from a shelter just as the last leaf fell off the tree -LRB- aka
 We 've been using these for over a year now and our little stray is never moving out . The product performs wonderfully and as advertised . Like others I wish it was softer , but a thick thermal comforter gets rid of the problem . On especially cold nights , we use two of these . We 're in snow country and our kitty is quite happy in his cat house.We 've finally worn one out -LRB- it does n't heat anymore -RRB- and the other is getting close , but the packaging warned us that this would eventually happen , so we do n't feel ripped off .
 Product works great to provide that extra heat needed . Very safe to use . I have used this with a litter of puppies as well as older dogs . A great product !!
 I bought this for my indoor/outdoor cat who does n't always like to come inside for long periods . Overall it is a great product for cold nights & days ... but a few things that should be noted .1 . It comes with a cover , so there is no need to order one seperately .2 . The first time I heated it up it only stayed hot for a few hours . . but the more you use it the better it seems to work & stays warmer longer .3 . 12 hrs . of heat is a bit of a stretch . I would say more likely 8-9 hours .4 . Although it seems like it would be uncomfortable bc it is hard , my cat seems to be very comfortable when it is in his bed . He sleeps in his condo with it & seems very happy on cold days when he doesnt want to come in.Overall a great product that does not require electricity . Cat seems happy with it & that is all that matters .
 I have two outdoor feral cats and I set up two little houses for them on my back step and purchased two of the SnuggleSafe products . They are wonderful , I just heat them up early evening and the cats are on them all night . I certainly recommend this product for any outside animal .
 It works great if your cat will every lay on it . It stays warm for a long period of time . The only thing I did n't like about it was it is very hard and you have to fix something really really soft to put on top of it .
 I have taken care of a ferral cat 2 years and this little item makes his outside cat home nice and snuggly ... its easy to heat in the microwave and the cover if easy to wash when needed.A simple item that makes a bif difference in the little guys life .
 I bought one of these and was so pleased with it , I bought another one so I could use them in shifts . They hold the heat very well and keep my kitty 's bed warm for as much as 10-12 hours . I put it under a soft fleece blanket in his `` tent bed '' and he loves it .
 I needed to keep two elderly poodles warm in their crates for 8 hours while they were in our car this winter . I purchased these warming discs and gave them a try . They worked great . I checked on the dogs every 2-3 hours and they were just fine , the discs were nice and warm . I wrapped the discs in two layers of heavy bath towels under and over so that there was a barrier between the dogs and the discs . We will use them again when we have to leave the dogs in the car for extended periods . The only thing I noticed is that the instructions say that the discs will be about 150 degrees after heating and they just did n't feel that hot . More like 130 . I carefully tried some extra heat time in the microwave but they just do n't get to 150 . It did n't seem to affect their long term heat output which lasted at least 8 hours.I also wrapped the dog crates in a heavy blanket trapping the heat both from the discs as well as their body heat . They were perfectly comfortable in their `` heated houses '' on a 15-20 degree day . No worries about chewing power cords or draining the battery . They come with a thin felt cover which is fine but not thick enough to insulate the disc or to provide a barrier between the disc and the dog . A thick towel works best .
 This is a great product my pets took right to them we live in NE Ohio and its cold , my cats look for them when it starts to cool off .
 These discs provide easy , convenient heat without the worry of an electrical fire . They are perfect for use during transport of pets -- reptiles or mammals . They are covered with a snug-fitting , soft , fleecy material , which virtually eliminates the possibility of a burn . The heat lasts for much longer than a `` beanbag '' type microwaveable heat source . They are great for us humans too !
 The Snuggle Safe Pet Warmer is terrific ! It works exactly as promised - heats in the microwave to a stable temperature and lasts a minimum of 10 hours - even when outside in sub-freezing temps ! I use this to keep my feral cats warm in my unheated garage and it has exceeded my expectations ! Wish I had found it sooner !
 I am always skeptical about products , but took the chance since it had great reviews . I was not disappointed ! My heating pad stayed warm for the 12 hours . I sandwiched it in between a sheepskin pad , and a fleece blanket . Above the fleece blanket is the cats grey purring pad , and she loves it . I am going to buy another one cause I warm it up at 8pm for the evening since the temperature drops significantly at night . She needs another one for the day time . Caution
 Microwave for the specified time listed for your model of microwave and it will work as advertised ! Stays warm for 12 hours just like it says .
 This is a fantastic product . i have an outdoor cat that has adopted my family , my mom will not let her into the house so we have a bed for her in the garage . With the snugglesafe she is always warm when shes in bed , sometimes she even streches out because shes warm and does n't need to sleep in a tight little ball to conserve heat . it also lasts a long time , so on cold days i warm it up in the morning and at night and its always warm . also when it is cooling off i find that it holds her heat so as long as shes laying on it , the snugglesafe will continue to keep her warm.I am very happy with this product and am considering buying a second one for when/if the winter brings -30 degrees C to make sure shes ok in the garage .
 I bought this as recommended by Indy Feral for a stray cat we have been feeding . It seems to be work very well when placed in the shelter we have made for him . It 's easy to use .
 If you have a haven outside for strays who wo n't come inside , you can put this under a blanket and it will emit heat for many hours .
 I do animal rescue work . while taking kittens and cats to the store for adoption , i realized they were a little cold from the door opening so much . so i thought i would give the WARMING DISK a try . I ordered it , and got it in the mail in two days . the cats REAllY LOVE THEM . I am really glad to have such a helpful item.Also are nice to use in the car , on myself . i like the car really warm , my husband likes it cool .
 I bought this heating disk to keep my cats warm in their dog house . they love it and it works great .
 I feed and care for all of the feral cats in my neighborhood -LRB- almost all of them have been spayed and neutered through the feral cat coalition for free ; I beg of anyone that cares for cats and knows of stray cats in there neighborhood to look for an organization to help get them spayed and neutered to help end the sad cycle of overpopulation , euthanization , and agonizing deaths these cats endure -RRB- I specifically bought two of these for them . I heat them up at night and put them in their large carriers that I set up for them as a shelter with blankets and it helps keep them warmer than they would be without these . they stay warm for a longer time and are safer than those heat packs filled with rice or corn etc. which have been known to catch on fire .
 My aunt suggested this product when I mentioned that I was thinking of getting a heated pet bed . Fortunately my cat Guy took to this right away . He 's an older boy , recently adopted from the Humane Society . He gets the shivers when he lays on our cold floors . It takes him forever to stop shivering , even when I hold him under a blanket . He can be nervous though -- I just bought him a cushy pet bed that he refuses to lay on . So I was worried he would n't like the disk , but honestly , it 's bringing him more bliss than catnip ! Another thing to note is that it does come with a cover -- I was n't sure that it did since the photo did n't show one .
 Bought this for my outdoor kitty . It stays warm for about 11-12 hours when I sandwhich it between a blanket and the bottom of the kitty bed . He is loving it ... especially when we dip into the high 20s this weekend .
 Great product ! This is the second one I have purchased . It holds its heat very well and wont burn your pet . The cover is washable .
 The Snuggle-Safe heat pad is a little small , but does stay warm , especially if buried under a blanket in the cat beds . The cats also will just perch on them if they 're left on the sofa in their cute covers , but they cool a little more quickly . Highly recommend for winter days in New England !
 This item worked very well when trying to keep animals warm , without having to plug it in , it 's safer then a heating pad .
 This seller ships out super fast . I was n't expecting it for about a week but I got it within 2 days !!! The product is new and works as described and it comes with the cover . Now if I could only get my rabbit to understand what it is used for that would be great ... lol but I 'm sure once the weather starts getting cold enough I 'll see him snuggling on it . I would definitely do business with this seller again !
 THANKS FOR A WONDERFUL PRODUCT AND QUICK SHIPPING.I BOUGHT 4 , AND MY MANY CATS FIGHT OVER WHO GETS TO LAYON THE HEATERS . REALLY STAYS WARM FOR OVER 10 HOURS.MUCH SAFER THAN ELECTRIC HEATING PADS.THE SOFT PAW PRINT COVER IS NICE ALSO.WONDERFUL PRACTICAL PRODUCT ... THANKS AGAIN !!!
 This product is awesome . It is so good I bought many of them for gifts . Not only do my two dogs love them but so does everyone else who comes to my home . So I bought them as gifts ... you will love this item in the cold months.HOWEVER ... THE COMPANY -LRB- ENTIRELY PETS -RRB- IS NOT A GOOD COMPANY TO WORK WITH !!! SAVE YOURSELF SOME TROUBLE , BUY THIS PRODUCT THROUGH SOMEONE ELSE . I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THE COMPANY -LRB- ENTIRELY PETS -RRB- TO ANYONE.They told me something on the phone but dit not keep to their word . They were not accomodating after a mistake was on their part -LRB- TWICE -RRB- . I ordered something with a delivery date promised but they changed the date and never told me . These were gifts.The product is great but the company -LRB- ENTIRELY PETS IS HORRIBLE TO WORK WITH ! -RRB-
 Heats up in the microwave in about 10 minutes . Depending on the outside temperature - stays warm up to 8 hours . Comes w / removable fleece cove that can be thrown in the washer . Much safer and more effective then heating pads/blankets , etc. . Definitely would recommend !
 I LOVE the snugglesafe !! I bought 2 of them for my dogs , heat 5min 15sec -LRB- different microwaves vary -RRB- and they are warm all nite long . My little chihuahua gets under her flannel fuzzy quilt with hers and sleeps the night away . She gets a bit defensive if you try to take it away from her . Every night she follows me to the microwave to heat `` her heating pad '' . She knows exactly what to do with it and whines if I am late to warm it up when she is ready to go to bed . My other dachsy mix dog loves hers , but is too sophisticated to let on that she is getting old enuff to need it . I am going to order 2 more . . so hubby and I can have `` bed warmers '' . I might even order another for my 5mo . old granddaughter to have near her in the crib . I would not recommend laying directly on it when it 's first heated , it 's mighty warm . Now , why did n't I know about these YEARS ago ?? Thanks snugglesafe ! THEY ARE AWESOME !
 our puppy was too cold and lonely to sleep through the night in his crate -LRB- we live in the midwest and were keeping the apartment around 66 degrees in the winter -RRB- . he would either cry in his crate , or we 'd have to let him snuggle in bed , where he would bite and pull at everything , and usually end up peeing as well . either way , we -- and he -- were up multiple times throughout the night and could not continue like that ! i ordered this snugglesafe and it was the perfect solution ! i just throw it in the microwave for 5 min before bed and tuck it into his blankets in his crate . he runs in and jumps on top -LRB- the kong treat helps with this too ... -RRB- and i do n't hear a peep out of him until morning when my alarm goes off . if it 's not sunny in the morning when i leave for work , then i 'll microwave it again in case he needs the warmth . though i do n't keep him kenneled during the day . this snugglesafe came with a cover , but i did n't know that so i had ordered an extra . it was good to have both so i can wash one and replace it in the meantime . it MUST have a cover , as it is extremely hot to touch directly . overall , i definitely recommend this for anyone with a small animal . especially a young animal as it probably gives the same comfort as a mother/siblings to help them sleep through the night . worth it !
 This is the second SnuggleSafe I have purchased in the past few months . I have a stray feral cat outside and I purchased this item for his shelter after reading about it on a feral cat website . I purchased the second one for convenience purposes , so that I can have it heated when I go out to feed him and exchange it for the one from the previous day . This product is great !
 My Jack Russell , Baxter , loves his heating pad . He is 16 years old an does n't like to be left alone . So now he has a pillow , blanket and his heating pad and can sleep and ride in comfort during the cold winters in Delaware .
 Great product . Put it in the Microwave for 5 min and you 're set to go for 8-10 hours . This product came in really useful during those subzero snow storms we had this winter . Placed under the dog beds , it gave off heat all night long and was still warm in the morning . I 'd buy another .
 This product has worked well and has really made a positive difference for us . We have a litter of puppies and this has helped keep them warm both in their welping box and also for a trip to the vet . The weather is cold and the pups need to be warm and this has been a lifesaver . For the money it ca n't be beat .
 This item did as I expected and performed well under the circumstances it was in . For outdoor use in harsh weather , I do n't believe it would be enough for a pet to stay comfortably warm . I would recommend this product for mild winter usage and indoor/garage use .
 I purchased this heating pad at the beginning of winter for my 5 month old Chihuahua puppy , and she and I both love it!I knew I wanted to get something to help keep her warm in her play pen area during the mornings when I 'm at work , but I felt nervous getting something electric and having a cord . The SnuggleSafe seemed perfect , and I 've been very happy with how long the heat lasts . I microwave it and then put it under the pillow of her bed . She does n't bother it , but the one down side is that the thickness of the pad makes her bed puff up really high , almost as high as the sides of her bed.The pad came with thorough instructions and a little felt cover for the pad in a brown and black pawprint pattern . Cute !
 Our outdoor/indoor cat loves this heating pad . The winter has been very cold , but she prefers to be outside during the day . She stays in her little house with the heating pad all day . And , I feel better knowing she is not just out there freezing!Would highly recommend .
 This product works as promised . It provides warmth for my daughter 's guinea pigs when we turn the heat down at night . They also have n't chewed on the material covering the disc so it 's very safe .
 I have an 8 lb chihuahua who is cold most of the time . When it 's especially cold out , I throw the snugglesafe in the microwave and it gets pretty warm . He snuggles up to keep his paws more . He has n't tried to chew it or destroy it , so it has passed that test so far . After 8 hours you can still feel some warmth , but obviously it does n't hold the temperature as high as an electric heater . I like this because I know my dog wo n't electrocute himself and he is still warm . I think I may buy one for my cat .
 I bought this for my Italian Greyhound puppy and I love it . I was nervous to get a plug in heater for his kennel for obvious reasons . With this product I just pop it in the microwave while I eat breakfast and get ready to leave the house , put it in my dog 's kennel and never worry about his safety , or how cold he is , while I 'm at work all day . It 's awesome !
 This heating pad works great . Actually stays warm all day long . I would highly recommend this for any small dog or cat . My dog loves it .
 I purchased this for a ferrel cat that I have been housing outside . It appears -LRB- i 've had it for 2 weeks now -RRB- to be working fine and stays warm for around 8-9 hours . I read other complaints that it was too hard . For my cat I put it on a pillow case filled with straw and then put a small fleece blanket over the top of the pad inside of a small cat carrier . The cat stays in there all night and seems to stay pretty warm . I removed the small fleece cover for some extra heat . If you can afford it I would suggest purchasing two so that you can have another one ready to heat up without having to wait for the 1st one to completely cool down -LRB- which you need to do -RRB- .
 I had done some research on how to keep rabbits warm during the winter . This product came up as a suggestion . It performs exactly as advertised . Be sure to look up your microwave wattage . I was a little leary from all of the warnings that come with the product so started out heating 30 seconds less than the recommended time . After some experimentation I found for my microwave that heating for about 30 seconds longer than the recommended time worked best . We have two rabbits and bought one for each . The SnuggleSafe stayed warm throughout the night in below freezing temperatures . No complaints from the bunnies!I 'll add that during the coldest nights I augment the SnuggleSafe with a heat lamp shining into their hutch and use lots of straw in their well-insulated house -LRB- always a good idea anyway -RRB- . I also added insulation around their hutch . In other words , while this product is great , do n't expect it to be your total solution . But as part of an overall effort , it sure beat a heating pad with wires running into the hutch that the rabbits might chew on .
 This product is great and very easy . Just put it in the microwave for a few minutes and it stays hot for hours . I use it in a small rubbermaid tote converted to cat house -LRB- cut a hole in it -RRB- and it works great . I just heat it up before I go to bed . It will still be somewhat warm in the morning in 30 degree weather .
 I purchased six of these and was pleased that they are true to their advertisement ... they stay warm for hours . The cats snuggle up close to the discs and doze happily .
 Fantastic product ! I keep my heat a bit lower when I 'm not home , so I heat these up for my -LRB- small -RRB- dogs before I leave in the morning . They stay really warm all day & I do n't have to worry about chewed cords or electrical hazards . My dogs love them !
 Pet Supply Imports SnuggleSafe Pet Heating PadThis works great . Stays warm 8-10 hours no problem . Love the cover too .
 My cat loves this microwave heat pad . Moreover , after 12 plus hours of use it still puts out heat !!! I would recommend it to anybody looking for a safe way for their animals to stay warm . Also , it 's comes with a soft case for the heat element as seen on the box . It has a nice pattern of animal prints on it . No need to order an extra one .
 My biggest concern when buying this was everyone 's comments about it being too hard - do n't worry ! I just got it this week , and after I took it out of the microwave I was worried my two cats would n't like how hard it is . Did n't bother them at all ! I stuck it under the blanket on their chair and they both snuggle up around it . They figured it out on day # 1 and I think the slight heat feels like they are snuggling with another kitty . The little cat likes it so much she tries to lay completely over the spot where it is , and sometimes I have to move her so give the older cat a chance too . Might have to buy another !
 I have a dozen of these and buy a couple every year . I heat them four at a time in the microwave and slip them under the blankets for my feral cats outside . We use them ourselves for back and muscle pain . They stay warm for the entire night and are safe . I have tried many electric heating pads , but these work the best for me -LRB- and my cats -RRB- .
 I am replacing an older version of this product I have used for many years . I do n't believe there was any problem with the product but we lost power in the winter of 2008 and I stopped at a McDonald 's to get it heated for our pups . I think their microwave had higher power then our home microwave over heating it causing it to not get as warm every since . I used this when my rescue dog delivered her pups in 2007 , for a senior cat and now again for two stray cats we took in a year or so ago . I like that there are no cords like a regular heating pad to worry about them biting into or that could start a house fire . Plus of course it was great during a power outage . I love that they provide heat for close to 12 hours on cold winter nights . I recommend this product to rescuers and pet lovers often when dealing with sick animals , orphans or just to give momma a break from her litters . It will provide years of service if treated per the directions . Hope this review helps anyone unsure deciding whether to buy .
 This is possibly the best thing I have ever bought for my cat . I put it under a couple baby blankets because it is a hard disc but it stays warm for at least 8 hours and while it 's warm my cat wants no part of getting out of her bed . I 'm so happy because before she would sit on the cable box , heat vents etc. and I was always worried she would get too hot so this is AWESOME !!!!!
 We have a bunch of these on hand at all times . Over time , they will start to not hold heat as well , but it 's after tons of use . You ca n't beat the safety of this item . Our kittens love them . They hold enough heat to keep their body temps at the right level for proper function of their digestive systems . Our older cats love them too . Rescuers ... if you do n't have these ... you 're working too hard !
 Perfect for underage kittens to help keep them warm . Great for older cats who need that extra warmth.Pet Supply Imports SnuggleSafe Pet Heating Pad
 I have a couple cats who prefer to stay outside even when it 's freezing so I got this for them . I just warmed it up then stick it in there sleeping box with a old sweater over it and they found it and loved it the first night I put it out for them . I 'm happy with it , just be carefull you do n't over heat it because it 's very easy to do !
 We have two stray cats that have taken up living in our garage . We purchased four of these heaters and put two at a time in their bed . They love it !
 I have an unheated garage room where my cats like to sleep in beds . But it gets cold in there in the winter . I heat these frisbees the prescribed amount of time for my low wattage microwave , and they stay warm , in their fuzzy cover , for 12 hours or more . I also use them for sick cats , old cats or foster kittens . The only downside is the odd size -LRB- round and 3/4 inch thick or so -RRB- . The round size of course makes for easy heating on a microwave tray . But the frisbee maked a round thick lump the cat has to be willing to sleep atop . Beats out a plug in heating pad or blanket however , due to the cost of electricity to keep one of those going all night . I 've been known to carry one heated in my coat too , if I have a coat with a large enough pocket , to hug , if watching a parade on a cold night or a game . Keeps me nice and warm !
 This is keeping a local stray alive through our bitterly cold winter . Holds heat for up to 10 hours per time .
 We use these heating discs st the animal emergency clinic I work at for ambulatory animals . I bought one for my 5 lb ig to put under her bed on winter nights when I 'm at work as I did n't want anything with a cord in her bed . Works great and really does hold heat for 6-8 hours .
 I now have five of these and use them when temps drop for semi-feral cats who are too shy to come indoors . -LRB- I 've converted a couple to indoor living and still working on persuading a couple more . -RRB- My newer microwave requires only 4 minutes to heat a disk . -LRB- My previous one took 6 minutes . -RRB- If the cat sleeps close to the disk , the disk will retain warmth longer . So it becomes a question of creating a sleeping spot that a cat will accept.I understand the concern about the hardness of the disk , but it is sturdy and I can attest that it will hold up for years . The oldest one I have is five years old and I expect to be using it forever . As others state here , it helps to cushion them with a thermal mat , a light blanket , a piece of fleece , or an old towel . What has also worked well for me is to heat them and then pull a men 's knit or fleece cap right over the provided cover.For those cats brave enough to venture into our garage with its cat door , I place semi-hooded pet beds up off the floor on a low table . Outdoors I have small dog igloos and a self-made shelter from an over-sized plastic tub . -LRB- A plastic tub on its side with a towel or clear plastic to block part of the opening will do in a pinch . -RRB- I then place the heated , covered disks inside the hooded beds . I sometimes prop the disks upright in the back or on the side of bed . Cats will then sleep up next to them so the hardness is not so much an issue . Or I 'll tuck a disk under the soft cushion that some beds come with or under the bed itself.My cats and I are grateful for the comfort this product provides .
 I gave one of these away a few years ago , that an outside dog used . I got this for an outside cat , but he found another home before this arrived . I discovered that this is very useful if you have arthritic hands . I put it under the covers at night with a hand on top and one underneath , and it helped to relieve pain the entire night as opposed to the grain bags that are heated in the microwave and cool down well within one hour .
 This product stays heated for 12 hours . The only con is its a bit hard so you have to cushion it will a blanket . My senior cat loves it and sleeps on it all the time . I recommend this product highly for any pet whose an older animal , kittens or puppies .
 We have used these pet heating pads for at least 8 years . We place them in our older dogs beds when it gets really cold . In the winter , we use these for ourselves as well ... watching tv or by putting them in our own bed . Under the right conditions , they stay warm for hours . You do need to be careful that you do not over heat them - you could burn yourself or ruin the product . We put ours in for 6 minutes in the microwave .
 We got great service , the product was well priced and well packed . So far , we really like the heating pads , but I do n't think they last 10 hours in an outside feral cat shelter . I think the ambient temps influence how long they hold heat . That is understandable , right ?
 I actually bought this direct , did n't think to look on Amazon for it . We have a couple of < 10lb rat terriers that get extremely cold at night . This product works great , just make sure you know how powerful your microwave is and adjust the time accordingly . Ours stays warm all night and the dogs love it
 I purchased this to give my 2 outdoor cats a little warmth during cold northern winters . Even on nights when the temps were -20 the disc was still warm to the touch after 10 hours - truly amazing ! They have a little wooden sleeping house with some insulation and now do n't even move when I want to take it out . I have to physically pick them up to take it out in the morning because they want to lay on top of it . I might purchase a second for the week or so of non-stop below zero temps we get so I can alternate them .
 Our two youngest are year-round competitive swimmers . On the average of once a month , they have multiple day swim meets during which time they may have a span of hours between events . Even with a warm-up suit and parka , they get very cold . But ... not any more ! Enter the Snuggle Safe ! I originally stumbled upon the Snuggle Safe while I was searching -LRB- desperately -RRB- for a heating pad that did n't automatically shut off for our miniature dachshund who also gets very cold . -LRB- a side note here ... are people really not to be trusted with turning off their heating pad ? Really ? -RRB- Sorry . Anyway , I found the pad I needed for the dog -LRB- seems DOGS can be trusted to turn off their heating pads . . -RRB- but became interested in the Snuggle Safe for my swimmers . Just prior to the State meet , I purchased two . They worked like a charm and were the envy of every other shivering swimmer ! When heated and placed under the warm - up suit parka / combination the kids stayed toasty warm . They even dropped lots of time and swam faster than ever , a fact I attribute to their staying warm . True to its claim , the product stayed warm for hours and has held up to some rugged use . We have since used it many times and not always for swimming . It makes a great hot water bottle type of bed warmer and proved invaluable in the car when the heater failed . I highly recommend it !
 I 've had the Snuggle Safe for about a month now . My 18 year old cat took to it right away . He has always slept tight to me on cool nights so now I have some room in the bed ;--RRB- . He actually seems to be moving around better during the day . I think the heat helps his joints be less stiff . It 's advertised for 10 hours of heat but I think it 's more like 12 . It came with it 's own cover and I wrap it in a hand towel to soften it up more . I just ordered a second one for a stray cat that sleeps in a bed I made on my porch . I 've been using the self-heating hand warming pouches for him on cold nights so the Snuggle Safe will save me some money . Great product !! I can see numerous other applications - anywhere you needed heat and did n't want to use an electric blanket . I 've used it behind MY back a few times and it felt great .
 I purchased three of these to place inside the huts of my outside cats . They took to them immediately . Generally they are fearful of novel things in or around their huts , but it is frightfully cold here and I guess the warmth was too delicious to turn down . Seeing how well they went over , I purchased three more , and then two more , and divide them up among the three huts , morning and night . They do exactly what they claim to do . Often , when I collect them in the morning , I can still feel some warmth if the cats have only recently left them . I strongly recommend this item for anyone who is trying to provide comfort for outside cats . I purchased from ValleyVet.com .
 I did n't buy this for my pet , I bought it for myself . A friend told me she uses this in bed so I got one too . You heat it up about 5 minutes in the microwave while you 're brushing your teeth . Then throw it under the covers down by your feet while you dress for bed . When you get in its all nice and warm . Later on you can move it around . I have slept 10 hours and it is still warm in the morning if you keep it covered . This way you can turn down your heat on those cold winter nights and still be cozy warm !!! I love it .
 I 've had one SnuggleSafe for years and use it with hedgehogs , who do n't tolerate cooler temperatures . It does need a cover of some kind - a friend kindly made one out of fleece and it 's a perfect softener and insulator . Without that , tuck it under some blankets.I 've seen some comments and reviews about overheating and explosions/leakage . To that I say - those people are over-microwaving the pads . Each one is clearly labeled with the appropriate heating time based on the microwave wattage . DO NOT EVER OVERHEAT . If you follow directions , this is a very safe and effective product . I 'm actually ordering a second one right now .
 Love it ! Got the first one for my 20 year old ailing cat . She LOVES it . Then my 16 year old cat started wanting it , so I got a second . Ordering my third now -LRB- I have 6 cats -RRB- plus ordering one for my mom for the stray she just adopted . I 've had good luck with them staying warm for 12 hours -LRB- I 've only ever used them indoors -RRB- . You definitely want to have a towel or blanket on top of them ... I think a key to them staying warm is to also have some padding underneath it to help insulate the pad from whatever cold surface is below . I always have a blanket or towel wadded underneath it -LRB- wadded instead of flat so it is fluffy to help insulate with air pockets -RRB-
 I have used these heat discs for years in Rescues and at Shelters.The main thing you want to concern yourself with is the power outage of your Microwave.If that information is not easily readable on the Machine ... CALL the MANUFACTURER and give them Model numberto obtain that information ... then maybe underline that fact on the label on the disc . Just to play it safe , I always put a paper towel under the disc , without outer cover on , when heating it up.I know a few who have caused the disc to leak , but I think it came down to forgetting how long they set the timer for . I noticed that the time statement , of retention of heat , on box , has been lessened from 6-8 hrs ... down to 4-6 , but for heat retention in a well insulated exterior dog house -LRB- yes , I use a large square Igloo Dog House with a large cat carrier inside for my feral cats -RRB- it lasts a long time . I have heated and placed inside at 10pm and found it still warm by 9am . Saves the hassle of trying to figure out how to run a cord for power and is really a wonder for OLDER furrbabies suffering with arthritis ... or newborns needing comfort -LRB- well wrapped inside a blanket , and towel , to simulate a larger body beside them -RRB- This Animal Rescue Person wo n't be without one ... or more ...
 Simply put , microwave these for a few minutes and they will stay warm up to 12 hours . It seems to provide just enough heat to be cozy without being too hot . I bought one for my 6 rats and they love it , especially my elderly ones . It is made of super hard rubber too and is n't `` floppy '' like I thought it would be . It is very rigid and heavy . I was worried my rats would chew it up but so far they have n't . Ca n't recommend this enough .
 We used this to keep puppys warm on the way to and from the vet , and for a not feeling too good mom . It is a wonderful product that does everything it says it does . Stays warm for hours . Thiniking about using it myself for cold winter feet !
 I was concerned about some of the reviews about this not staying warm long , but my experience with it has been great ! I bought this for my cat who is underweight to help him stay warm . I put it on top of a blanket , then on top of the SnuggleSafe I use a Purr Pad -LRB- the original , not satin -RRB- . I think the Purr pad helps retain the heat longer as well as add some cushioning . -LRB- The SnuggleSafe is quite hard . -RRB- I 've been sure to follow the directions about heating time and not reheating until completely cool . Maybe that 's part of the reason for the success I 've had ? The SnuggleSafe has stayed warm to the touch for me 12 + hr . I 've been using it daily for about 3 weeks .
 Works well , pets love it . Just do n't microwave for longer than 5 minutes . It will melt and be destroyed .
 This is a great product that can literally stay warm all night . My indoor cats love it , but I found out about it from friends who do animal rescue and feral cat T&R . They use them while feral cats are being acclimated to a new location during the colder months ; the cats are in a `` hutch '' , or large cage , while they get used to their surroundings and are given these disks for warmth . Be careful to make sure you follow the directions , overheating the gel will cause the outer plastic casing to bubble up and then you 'll have to throw it away . I only wish it was wider and flatter to be able to put under a blanket more easily - the disk is smaller than an animal so they 're laying on a lump in the blanket . Still , my cats do not seem to mind and it 's kind of funny to watch them all try to pile up on one disk while another is heating up .
 Pet Supply Imports - SnuggleSafe HeatpadI heat these up at night to tuck under my old cats beds and they stay warm all night long . I have already seen a bif difference in their arthritis that has plagued them for the last few years .
 I purchased a SnuggleSafe for use in my outdoor dog 's dog house . She has a pad and a sleeping bag in the house , but some nights get pretty chilly here in Tennessee . I was so pleased with the first SnuggleSafe I bought another . They retain their heat for up to 16 hours -LRB- I have found one stays hotter longer , but both stay quite warm from dusk 'till dawn -RRB- . They 're easy to use , and if you tuck them under the animal 's blanket or comforter , you 'll find the hardness of the SnuggleSafe should n't interfere with the animal 's comfort . My dog Lady Bug -LRB- a Southern Cur , about 65 pounds -RRB- loves them and I feel comfortable knowing she has an extra source of safe warmth . I do n't think I 'd recommend this product for use with puppies as they have a tendency to chew anything , and the SnuggleSafe IS made of plastic . But for an adult dog , an outdoor dog or an animal who needs extra warmth to soothe old joints , I highly recommend this product . Heats in the microwave in about 5 minutes , is easy to clean and store .
 This is a great way to keep your pet warm in the house or in the car ! When heated properly it stays warm for at least 12 hours . If you get the fleece cover it gently releases its heat without danger to your animal . It also doubles as a bed warmer for people beds as well .
 We live in Southeast Texas and it does not get extremely cold , so this is great for our outdoor cat on the occasional chilly night . I heat it up and put it in her blanket .
 but I decided to buy it for my short haired chihuahua since it gets cold at night . I put in the microwave and covered with the doggy fleece wrap that it comes with . My dog knew right away it was for him -LRB- he 's spoiled -RRB- , anyway he layed on it . Stayed there all night and would growl at me if I move him . LOL . Worth it . SPECIAL NOTE ** ... No need to buy the additional light blue cover shown above since this already comes with one in tan color .
 I have always worried about the outdoor cats in the neighborhood . I have a house for them but it is still cold in the winter . With the Snuggle Safe Pet Heating Pat the inside of the house and blankets stay warm for around for 8 hours . It is great !!!
 My Wife uses these to warm her charity cases during the winter . When wrapped in a blanket they will last the entire night . This is a replacement for a previous disk that is losing its heat retention after two years of use . The cats will sleep on top of the wrapped disk in preference to the shelters she provides . I think they like being able to watch what is going on around them .
 I am not sure heat works for as long as advertised . I use it in my car for my little dog to sit on while I run into grocery store for a short time . She seems warm enough when I come back as she is sitting on it with a blanket surrounding it .
 I bought two of these for my feral cats . I made a bed for a couple of stray cats but it 's still so cold out . I put these in the microwave for 5 minutes each and slip them between the blanket in their bed and they snuggle up on them all night . I 've checked them hours later and still feel warmth .
 Our two kitties , Dooley and Cocoa , love their heaters . They do n't get along at all , but when we put the heaters on the bed , they 'll sleep together all night long ! Thank you Snuggle Safe !
 Works great . . Bunny is warm and cozy ! It is heavy enough that she can not move it out of her den !
 This definitely warms like it says it will and stays warm overnight . When the cat does n't want it , it 's actually nice for me to use outside or when I just do n't want to turn the thermostat up inside . BUT like other reviewers have said , it 's really hard and has no flex to it . I have n't gotten the cat to lay on it of her own free will , but I know she gets cold and she does seem to enjoy it when I slide it under her where she 's already laying.I bought a second one for the local stray cats because the first one worked properly . If nothing else , it 's a worthwhile purchase because it keeps me warm if the cats reject it .
 Purchased this for stray cat that showed up on my doorstep during the cold months of the year . I already had an indoor cat , very much alpha female , and she is very aggresive . - wo n't allow another cat anywhere near inside the home . I wanted to do the humane thing and attempt to make a refuge for her ourdoors - BUT , how to heat it without harm to the animal or great expense . ? I purchsed this item , works well , the cat sleep on it the very first night - simply put a bath towel around the heated disk , and inserted it into a large box , keep her warm quite nicely .
 I bought this to put in a cat house I bought for a senior ferel cat I have been feeding . A brutal winter was on its way and I feared for this precious cat . This amazing product saved the day ! It arrived quickly and works so well . It actually stays warm for 12 hours . I could n't believe it ! I have seen it since at a pet store and it was $ 39.99 ! This product is a blessing for people like myself who love and want to help cats .
 I am really liking this product after all . I was not sure it would stay warm for long , but it really does . I have not determined how long yet , but hours more than anything I have ever used . I put it outside under a blanket in a small house to keep a cat warm , and I think tonight was the first she was on it ! Even if the cat does not like it in the end -LRB- I had an electric warmer before and she was afraid and would not go in the house -RRB- I am keeping it to warm my bed before I get under the covers !
 I love the Snugglesafe Heatpad . It 's the 2nd one that I 've purchased . It stays warm for at least 10-12 hours.Just be careful not to overheat as I ruined my 1st one doing so ! My dog snuggles up to it all winter long .
 I am very happy with my purchase , It works just as promised and my 2 Shih Tzus love it .
 I ordered 2 of them from amazon.com and they arrived to my house in less than a week . First , my husband had made face when he saw them , but I said let 's give them a try . I microwaved them -LRB- one a time -RRB- 6 minutes each . Then I put them under my blanket at the spots where my cats usually sleep on . Later on , I touched the 2 spots on top of the blanket and they were warm . My cats seem to like them but I think I like them more because as a bonus they keep me warm all night too . I 'm thinking of buying 2 more for my husband and my daughter . Lately , I 've been using them for myself and my cat came to find the warm spot from these snuggle by themself .
 These are wonderful . SnuggleSafe keeps its promise - that they stay warm for 12 hours . Very good for very young orphan kittens and bigger ones on cold nights . When it 's chilly , my cats will curl up around or on mine . It keeps my toes warm too.As a member of a rescue organization , it 's nice to know that when we have our cats and kittens on display outdoors at an adoption event on a cold day , each cat or kitten is comfortable with a SnuggleSafe under its blanket .
 I love these things and have seen them used in rescue with baby kittens for years . I like using in bed to keep my toes warm too when there are n't any babies that need it . Very safe , no worries about burning things or starting a fire , and holds consistent heat for 6-12 hours depending on the temperature around it .
 I just purchased my 2nd heat pad for my other cat . The other heat pad I have had for many years and it is still working well . It has been a very good source of comfort and warmth for my cats over the years since we do n't keep our home very warm in the winter months . I really like this product , I have even taken it to the football games with me . I think the cats like it even better !
 It does provide heat , but I have a Boston Terrier and it just does n't seem to be large enough to really warm him thoroughly . I am sure I will use them in the winter though .
 I have Chihuahuas and arthritis myself so I use SnuggleSafe constantly all year round for all of us.I have 3 now.The first 2 I have had 3 years.Even used daily and sometimes twice a day for years they work perfectly.WARM for hours.One Chihuahua loves it so much she hops in circles as I warm it up.They even fight over who will lay on it!I have used one for new puppys who cant control their heat but I only put it NEAR them -LRB- not them ON it -RRB- as they cant move away so you have to be very careful IT is VERY warm for an extended time.Fine for a human with the cover on it but too hot for a fragile baby.I heat it only to 4 for puppys.When they begin to walk I put it under a few blankets for them to lay on.ONE WARNING I used one on my old Lab She is a chewer and she had a piece chewed off in less then 5 minutes ! Had to throw that one away!So if you have a BIG dog and it chews . . this isnt the item.Small dogs I dont think can hurt it . Mine have never even put a scratch on one.It DOES stay warm 8 hours with warming it just to 6 minutes.The rice bag microwavable heating pads in stores only stay warm an hour if that and I have had 2 plug-in heating pads short out , the wires start to burn while plugged in so I dont ever want to use them again.Dangerous!The SnuggleSafe doesnt have either problem.I love these things so much I could be a salesman for them.Actually I am as I tell all my new puppy parents about the SunggleSafe and where to purchase it to keep their new puppys toasty at night.It does keep them happier and they whine less.Puppys get cold when they are tired , this helps a lot.On a vet trip in winter I put it in the carrier with them , cover the carrier with a blanket , and they have their own heaterI also do this same thing cool night for my dogs.This is the best invention ever.VERY HIGHLY recommended .
 This heating pad is excellent . I bought two for my granddaughters to use for their small rabbits . The bunnies are using them and it is keeping them warm . It holds the heat like it says , about 10 hours a day . It is a very hard and slightly heavy disk about the same size of a frisbee with a cloth covering . You remove the cover when you reheat it in the microwave since it will be dirty from the rabbit 's bedding and rabbit use . This is a great product when your bunny is outside and you have no electricity going to the cage to warm it up with an electric heating pad or other form of heat . Amazon was also the cheapest place I could find this product . I looked on eBay and many other places . Some were $ 25 but once you added S/H it took the price up another $ 6 - $ 7 at least.I 've told several people about these pads and they are going to get them for their outside cats .
 I initially purchased the Snuggle Safe Disc to help keep one of my elderly barn cats warm but ended up using it for a sick kitten that I found floundering in a deep snow drift . After we warmed him up and got some food into him , he just snuggled into the blankets we had covering the disc . I only needed to microwave the disc every 8 to 10 hours to keep it warm . I credit the disc with helping save the kitten ... it is a great product . Donna from Idaho .
 I ordered this to help keep my two silkie chickens warm at night in their little coop . It took them a few times before they got used to having it in with them and actually get on it and cuddle up , but they do now , and I feel much better knowing they have it to keep them warm overnight with no dangerous electricity or fear of fire . I wish it was just a little bit bigger , and thought it would be a little squishier instead of so hard , but it still is a very good and useful product . The soft cover it came with helps some with making it feel softer . Also works great in my chihuahua 's crate .
 After 2 1/2 minutes in microwave as instructed , this product does n't feel very warm to the touch , but it MAINTAINS A LOW HEAT ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT to keep pets warm .
 We have two cats , one 5 the other 15 years old . They both love these , especially the older one . We use these in the carrier for car rides when it 's cold . I would definitely recommend this if you have animals that like to stay warm or have issues with arthritis .
 Excellent product for the use I needed . I bought this to be able to safely transport newborn puppies to and from the veterinarian in December 's cold weather . It worked fine for that . I would not depend on it to keep new puppies warm for eight hours as it seemed to cool off long before that . I will also use it when watching TV to warm my toes which get exceedingly cold in the winter . Did n't buy it for that use but it sure works as an additional use .
 This item is the greatest for anyone who has an outside/feral cat . Actually keeps warm for 12 hours in winter weather . The feral cat that adopted me could n't survive without it .
 I 've had this for years , and it still works as well as it did the first time I used it . There 's not many products one can say that about ! Simple to use -LRB- just microwave it for a few minutes -RRB- and the heat output lasts for several hours outdoors ; about 12 or more hours indoors.One of my cats is arthritic , and this really helps her joints , especially in the colder months . While it does take more effort to prep than a plug-in cat bed , I feel that is more than offset by the fact that you 're not tied to an outlet -LRB- can locate it anywhere -RRB- plus I do n't have to worry about shorts or other electrical problems.I 've even used it myself a few times when I 've had sore muscles and needed some heat therapy.Highly recommend !
 This disc warms up in the microwave and then keeps my outdoor ffurbaby nice and warm for 10 hours . I put in in her Cat House under her little fluffy bed . It 's nice and warm and cozy for her all day and then again all night . I bought two of them so I can switch them off.She wo n't let me touch her so I am trying my best to keep her safe and warm.I highly reccomend this product !
 My pet sitter told me about this cool little disc . It looks like a frisbee . After you heat it in your microwave for 6 minutes , it emits heat of 120 degrees Farenheit for 12 hours . I use it to keep a homeless kitty that has adopted me warm at night . I just heat the disc , stick it in a box under some blankets on my porch , and the kitty is ecstatic . He sits on it like it 's an egg , purring . It 's safe and very effective on cold winter nights . This is a really great gift for anyone who loves cats .
 This is an absolutely fantastic product . We use it for stray cats that find their way to our porch in the winter . I fix up a cardboard box , put several layers of blankets in it , and slip the heated Snuggle Safe disc in under the first blanket . Every cat we 've ever used it with was in cat `` heaven '' when they curled up in that box and found it so warm . That little disc has helped several cats survive the winter . Give it a try , your cat will love you for it .
 Be sure to heat it in the microwave for only as long as it says . The directions include heating times for various wattages . I just wish it was n't so rigid , but a couple of towels or a blanket softens it up a bit . Go ahead ! Get one ! You 'll love it !
 Great product for those cold nights . My dog is a small Lhasa Apso and we usually keep his hair cut short . Just five minutes in the microwave and you 're done . I 'd recommend using a oven mit when handling the disc . You ca n't let your dog lay directly on top of it . You need to bury it under a pad or a few layers of cloth , but it does radiate heat after awhile and keeps on giving heat throughout the night . My dog is comfortable in his house during the cold nights now .
 We are feral cat colony caretakers . My first experience with this product was at the monthly TNR clinic . After neuter surgery cats generally will shiver due to a reaction with the anesthesia and need to be warmed or they could go into shock . The clinic had several of these to warm cats up who needed help . They are AWESOME for this purpose . If you are involved with TNR and volunteer at clinics , these really help out ! -LRB- No more warming saline solution bags over and over again ! -RRB- Finally finding out what they are called , we have added this to our feral cat `` rescue '' kit!EDITI came back after receiving this item to add additional comments and lower the rating . First , the listing for this item does not show or really state -LRB- except in a lower part -RRB- that you receive a cover for it and the picture does not show a cover so you think you need to purchase one . You do n't . It comes with one , so basically we wasted $ 2.95 + shipping for an item we do not need.Second , after purchasing and receiving this item , the very next day we found these at our local PetSmart for -LRB- are you ready ? -RRB- $ 14.75 . The current price of $ 28.53 is nearly $ 14 higher than the exact same ones we found at PetSmart -LRB- and they were not on clearance -RRB- . If I would have known these were available at my local PetSmart , we would have saved nearly $ 17.00 plus $ 5.65 shipping for a total of $ 22.65 ! These are OVERPRICED ! Go to your local PetSmart and purchase one there . I truly feel like I have been ripped off!EDIT . . againI came back and changed my review of the product . The comments below are correct , I should not hold the product `` responsible '' for the price of the item on Amazon . It really is a five star product however , shop around for the lowest price .
 I have been looking for a product like this for ages !!! My sphynx -LRB- hairless -RRB- cat loves to sleep on the -LCB- snuggle safe -RCB- disc while I am at work , and I do n't have to worry about it catching on fire like a heating pad or some other electronically controlled device .
 We used this product for a newborn kitten we rescued . It was recommended to us by a cat rescue league and we found it much better than blankets alone . Please pay close attention to the wattage instructions for heating it up , consider the animal 's age and size and even though it already comes with a flannel cover , PLEASE put a blanket on top of it before puttiing the animal on it . We loved it and it really helped keep the kitten warm .
 Got my first Snuggle Safe almost ten years ago . As soon as I tried it out , I bought them for friends and family . I use it as a foot warmer in bed - slip it between the covers before you get in , and it stays warm all night . Pop one in the microwave and take it in the car on cold mornings . Keeps hands warm too ! Also nice to hand anyone who 's chilly when the room is warm enough to others.I absolutely recommend the Snuggle Safe for anyone whose hands and feet get cold . Never had any problem with leaking when used as directed ... lasts for YEARS , and five minutes in the microwave for 8-12 hours of warmth is Very energy saving.P.S . I let my kitty use it too !
 I am ABSOLUTELY amazed with this product . I purchased a snugglesafe for a homeless cat I care for . He loves it . I place it under his bed and it keeps warm for OVER 12 hours . This homeless cat is warm around-the-clock . Definitely worth buying .
 We have a cat and a kitten and they both LOVE warmth . I thought of using a heating pad but wanted to avoid combining 120 volts of electricity with sharp cat claws . Hot water bottles seemed a bit of a hassle and you just know that someday a water bottle with holes and a water puddle will be waiting for you to clean up.This heating gizmo -LRB- technical term -RRB- has the shape of a frizbee . Thick plasic/rubber material surrounds some sort of high-tech gel that absorbs heat when you microwave it . And the amazing thing is that the heat is SLOWLY released over a 12 hour period . Never too hot to burn or be uncomfortable , but snuggly warm . A fuzzy cover is provided with the gizmo and you can heat both together with no problems.So now I zap the gizmo for 5 minutes in the microwave and place it in the cat bed at night . The bed becomes a warm cat nirvana during cool evenings . This is followed by happy cat faces and much purring.Highly recommended !
 I bought the snuggle safe disc for my hedgehog to keep her from getting cold . We were using an electric heating mat , but there are setbacks using electricity . I really like the simplicity of the snugglesafe . Pop it in the microwave for a couple of minutes and flip over for a couple more . The cover is quality material and the velcro is nice . The price is right . My only complaint with the product is it only seems to stay warm for 6-8 hrs . vs. the 12 it says . This could be due to operator error . The directions are per microwave wattage and I do n't know what our 's is but you ca n't over heat the disc , so possibly I underheat it . The hedgehog has not however gone into hibernation so all is good .
 This product is a hard plastic disk , about the size of a small frisbee . You put it into the microwave , and warm it for the required amount of time . It stays warm for 12 hours and keeps your pet warm . The hard plastic disk gets slipped inside of a velour cover , both to provide a bit of softness and to keep the animal from direct contact with the disk , which does get too hot to touch comfortably for long periods of time.I got this for my cat , who just had surgery and was confined to a kennel , so she could no longer go to her favorite Warm Spot -LRB- under the covers , with me providing auxiliary heating -RRB- . I slipped the Snuggle Safe into her kennel , on top of her bedding , where it kept her warm all night long . Unlike other posters here , I had no problems with her ignoring or avoiding the Snuggle Safe.Because the Snuggle Safe does n't have any wires or electric current running through it , I felt safe leaving it in her kennel while I slept - even though she has a habit of chewing or destroying her bedding . The hard plastic of the Snuggle Safe , which possibly uncomfortable , is also pretty much indestructable - a bit bonus if you 're worried about safety . -
 I have 2 of these snuggle safe disc . I use them for the `` stray '' cats that sleep outside . They are great for keeping them warm and I do n't have to worry about a possible fire . I am buying one more for the water bowl , I had not thought of that until I read another review , thank you !
 This is a wonderful product . I have a hedgehog who needs to have heat available to keep her from hibernating . I warm this up in the mircrowave for 4 minutes and it stay warm 10 - 12 hours . Then she can curl up with it if she needs or not . It is also great for it 's easy travel ability . Overall , it 's worth the cost if you want a heating pad with no cords or travels easy .
 Last year , my wife Marcy and I became de facto guardians of a group of feral cats . We built shelters in the back corner of our yard , but the winter temperatures at night can get very low , so Marcy researched possible heating devices and found the SnuggleSafe heating pads . We ordered two to test , along with a spare cover and have been delighted with the results , so much so that we ordered three more . All eleven feral cats cuddle together on the pads in their shelters over the cold autumn and winter nights and the heating pads do maintain warmth for up to ten hours if the instructions are followed . We would recommend SnuggleSafe heating pads for any small outdoor-dwelling pet -LRB- or feral/stray -RRB- with great enthusiasm.So would the cats .
 Our 16 year old cat rescue cat is an outdoor cat -LRB- he hates the indoors -RRB- . He has slowed down a bit and I 've noticed he spends more and more time in his cat bed on our porch especially in colder weather . I bought the disk for him . I heat the pad disk for 4 1/2 minutes in the microwave -LRB- it comes with a chart which tells you the length of time to heat according to your microwave 's wattage -RRB- . It truly stays warm all night long . Although I bought it for our senior cat , our other cats have napped on it from time to time . I put a soft lightweight blanket over it to make it more comfortable .
 I have a stray , slightly feral cat that decided to take up residence on my back porch . Since the weather was getting so cold I made him a bed from a large cardboard box with 3 flaps up to stop the wind , along with a bed pillow and some blankets . He liked it but I was concerned that it was too chilly still on those 15F degree nights . For safety reasons I did n't want wires or electricity with a plug in warming mat.I added a thermal mat I bought on Amazon on top of the bedding along with a Snuggle Safe heating disk under the mat to one side . He took to the bed pretty quickly with a day or two afterwards . He sleeps on it nearly every night ! Outdoor Kitty is a happy kitty!It retains heat very well , it 's about the size of frisbee and you should have something plush and thick over this for lots of cushioning -LRB- besides just the fuzzy cover it comes with . -RRB- It 's a hard plastic and would n't be comfy with just the fitted cover on it . Also , a soft , thick mat helped to diffuse the heat nicely and prevented my kitty friend from sitting on the disc directly . The thermal mat and SnuggleSafe combo is a winner ; he can snuggle over the disc on one side or lay to the side of it if he prefers .
 We have at least 8 of them in the family.We warm up our beds with them . The pets do n't get to use them . LOL
 Directions say to heat the pad when it has cooled down completely . Is n't that kind of subjective ? Other than that , this is a great product . I use it for my hedgehog instead of an electric heating pad and I ca n't imagine how much money I 'm saving . I heat it up once before I go to bed and it lasts through the night . During the winter , I have to heat it up again in the morning before I go to work but it 's a really effective heating pad for pets .
 I purchased the one and only snugglesafe that I own from Amazon , and it has been helping to keep my pets warm for almost 2 years now . I heat it only according to the directions for my wattage of microwave -LRB- and when I was unsure of the wattage , I double-checked -LRB- ! -RRB- - this might have been a step overlooked by some of those who have given the snugglesafe a poor rating -RRB- . Additionally , leaving it in the microwave for the extra 1 minute after heating is key - the warmth increases substantially during this part . My snugglesafe has a fleece cover and I have used it successfully to provide warmth to my large dog -LRB- under her bedding -RRB- inside at night . It heats her bad well enough and when used indoors it does provide heat for about 8-12 hours . I have also used it for many of my foster pets . I personally have never had a problem with it being chewed through by puppies or adult dogs or problems with leakage/warping . However , as a responsible pet owner , I do check the snugglesafe regularly to make sure it appears in good shape . I have also used it outdoors to keep animals warm and , as mentioned in other reviews , the heat does not last as long outdoors in the cold -LRB- about 4-5 hours -RRB- . But that 's not really rocket science or something that surprised me , it 's just basic common sense.Overall , I really like the product and it was worth the money . Of course , a key point to remember is that you should never place ANY type of heating device in an area where a pet is contained and does not have the freedom to move away from the heat if they choose or with a pet that is immobile . My snugglesafe has never gotten exceptionally hot when heated appropriately . However , I have read the few reviews where owners have stated their animals have been scalded . Although , 1 -RRB- this is very unfortunate ; 2 -RRB- my intention is not to point fingers ; 3 -RRB- I am not attempting to defend the snugglesafe or know any specifics regarding those situations ; and 4 -RRB- it is completely possible the scalding was caused by a defect in the device ; the truth is - an animal will likely not allow itself to be seriously scalded if it can move away from the heat . It 's possible the few claims of scalding occured when animals were contained with the snugglesafe and did not have the freedom/ability to move away from the device once they got too hot . This is a serious oversight by the owner and something that could have happened with any heating device . That being said , I would not place a snugglesafe in a small enclosed kennel with a pet for an extended period of time and with no supervision -LRB- such as a plane ride -RRB- , as that would be an irresponsible decision on my part . I have occasionally , however , successfully confined fosters in a kennel with the snugglesafe . BUT this is only done when the kennel is much larger than the dog/cat , and the animal can safely and completely move away from the heat when they want .
 I have two outdoor kitties , and I put these heated Snugglesafe disks under a towel in a box on my porch . Every night I find them nestled in , on top of their disks like warm little chickens . I purchased 5 of them . One for the dog , and the other four so I could swap two out AM and PM for the outdoor cats . These need to be cold before you re-heat them , and after only 4 mins in the microwave , the disks are actually still a little warm after 8-9 hours in 20-30 degree temps . In the past I used heating pads hooked up to an extension cord , and worried about the cats and my house going up in flames . I am so glad I found these disks , so I do n't have to worry about that anymore . Love them !
 I worried this would n't be as good as I hoped , but it heats perfectly , stays warm and comes with a cover -LRB- so do n't order one separate as suggested -RRB- We use it for our cats and/or for our chickens in their coop . Great safe , inexpensive heat ! Highly recommend .
 When I got the disk I was surprised at how hard it was -LRB- I guess I assumed it would be soft -RRB- and thought it would be too uncomfortable for my cat to lay on , even under a thick blanket on her bed . I was ready to send it back for that reason , however I started noticing that whenever I put it in the bed the cat would navigate to the end of the bed I had placed it in , lay her head there and go out like a light . It works just like that everytime . Thus , the verdict
 This is the second snuggle safe that I have purchased . My hedgehogs love them ! The snuggle safe helps to keep them from trying to hibernate . The first one I purchased over a year ago and it is still functioning the same as when I bought it . I would recommend this product to anyone with a small animal needing warmth !
 My chihuahua LOVES this . I heat it up in the microwave for 5 minutes every morning and she lays with her chin and front paws on it , then I cover her with a little blanket . She will stay there for hours toasty warm . I reheat it about dinner time . I recommend this to everyone with a small animal or an elderly animal who has a hard time getting warm . Yes , they are hard , but my dog has never seemed to mind it . I have even used it in my bed to keep my feet warm !
 I use this product more than my cat . It is amazing how long this disc can retain heat !!!
 This SnuggleSafe is the best kept secret ever in the heating pad industry!Why they arent made here in USA is a mystery.I have owned 2 of these for a year now . I cant say enough about how great they are , for dogs AND humans.With 4 chihuahuhas I honestly heat these up at least twice a day or more EVERY day . They LOVE these things and fight to lay on them.I also use them myself when old `` aurther '' is acting up !!! I have used them under new baby puppies blankets too to keep them warmer than the rest of us need to be -LRB- but way under a few blankets as they can get really HOT after laying on them a little bit if they arent VERY insulated from the warmth . -RRB- They last all night and after 8 hours are still slightly warm to the touch if one blanket is over them , warmer if they are surrounded by a blanket.I set my microwave low on `` 5 '' or `` 6 '' . It can be hotter than I set it but that is pretty hot to the touch at first.One warning ... I did try and use it for a large 70 lb dog -LRB- mostly Lab -RRB- during the coldest weather.Shes a chewer and she had the edge of it chewed up where it couldnt be used anymore in literally seconds.So if you have a large dog that chews maybe not this item.The chi 's or puppies havent even dented it at all if they chew on it.I am buying my third .
 Bought this for our outside pet rabbit for very cold Wisconsin winter days . It stays warm , even outside , as advertised . Easy to use and durable .
 The Snuggle Safe is easy to use and a life saver during these very cold nights we 've had . My puppy has n't even tried to chew on it and he seems to enjoy the heat through his pillow . It stays warm through the night . It is a better than expected product !
 My Jack Russell likes to go places with me in the car , but I worried about him getting cold during Vermont winters ... in Googling for something that would provide heat but not involve electricity , I happened upon the Snugglesafe ... it has been very successful ... it stays nice and warm for at least four hours ... I slip it under the pillow cover in his car crate and he settles right in with it ... has not bothered it at all and appears to appreciate it ... I would highly recommend this product .
 for a not too ridiculous price of $ 25 i purchased this product . great in almost every way . you heat the pad in the microwave according to the directions printed on one side of the pad . it comes with a thin fleece cover which can then be wrapped with a thin blanket and placed in the dogs crate . it really does stay heated for 12 hours after microwaving . it is not too hot for the dog but every now and then she starts chewing on the fleece because she likes the sound of velcro . our puppy is always warm in cold places . i give this product 5 stars and recommend it to everyone who has a puppy .
 I have 2 stray cats I adopted when i moved into my house . They sleep in the garage so I felt so bad for them on chilly nights . I tried this today and was worried about the hardness but my mama cat loves this ! Her son doesnt care for it so much but pampering the mama makes me happy ! I am going to get another one for the boy cat
 My dog had puppies and they are large outside dogs . I put them in the barn with a heat lamp but it was n't enough . The puppies lay on the snuggle safe all night . It does stay warm for 12 hours so i only have to heat it twice a day . I want one !
 My little French bulldog was shivering in his crate every morning because the kitchen floors are so cold . We heat this thing up and stick it in his bed at night and now he is a happy little guy . It is still warm when I get him out around 8 AM and he usually goes to bed around 10-11 PM . Very good investment !
 Kitty loves the heated disk . Comes with a protective cover that is nice . Heat it up for 6 minutes and it will stay warm for approx . 9 hours .
 I have purchased similar items in the past that have punctured and were no good after 2 weeks of use . These have been great-I microwave them at night , sandwich them between the cat bed and pillow in a protected structure . Great for cold nights . So far they are sturdy and much cleaner and easier to use .
 The SnuggleSafe heatpad only takes 4 minutes to warm up in the microwave and really stays warm for 12 hours . The only drawback is the hard surface of the pad - the dogs will lie up against it , but not on it .
 I bought the first one and the cat liked it . Do not over microwave , it will melt . The trick to having it last 8 hours is the pets bed.I am using this for a mini doxie , 5.5 lbs , I bought her a tunnel bed , and she wears a light sweater , with the snuggle in her bed she is not waking me up to put it inthe microwave at 3 am.Mini dogs have to be kept warm , they die fast . I micro this and put in her car crate when we travel around town .
 We bought this disc , -LRB- the the sleeve -RRB- for our little cat who is in constant search of warm spots . I did n't trust leaving a heating pad plugged in while I 'm not here . This disk defies all physics -- I 'll put in the microwave for 5 minutes at 8am and tuck it under the blanket at the foot of the bed - when I get into bed at 11pm its still warm on my feet ! Both our cats love it , we just have to show them its been heated by putting them on it and holding them there for a second , or they would n't find it . When they do find it , they stay on it as long as they can . Great , safe product !
 I bought this at the recomendation of my dog trainer . We got a boston terrier puppy when she was 8 weeks old . She had severe separation anxiety . It was the begining of winter here and she always seemed cold . I tried leaving a hot water bottle in her crate . Not only did I worry about her chewing through it , it only stayed warm or 15-20 minutes and after that it was actually colder than the air temp . I was scared to use a heating pad with a cord . The trainer we hired for her separation anxiety said she used these disks regularly . I was a little skeptical , but at that point I was willing to try anything . It came within 3 days of placing the order . I have no idea how this thing works but it does . I heat it up in the microwave in the morning and it stays warm all day . It is smaller than I imagined , but that works better anyway . It 's a little smaller than a frisbee . There was a reviewer that mentioned the plastic `` nub '' on the side being a problem because her dog chewed it . There is a plastic nub , I 'm not sure why the company ca n't try and make it a little smoother , but my dog has not tried to chew it yet . The cover it came with is nice , neutral fleece with paw prints on it . The bottom of the cover has velcro on it that my puppy likes to chew . I just put that part facing down and she does n't bother with it . She 's only four months old right now so the chewing is probably about to start and that may all change but the covers are reasonably priced so I 'll probably order a few to have extras . All in all a great product . I have recomended it to everyone I know with pets .
 I purchased this for a feral cat that lives in my garage.I always kept a heat lamp running for him in cold weather and this has been a safer and effective replacement . It came recommended from Denver 's feral cat group and I am not disappointed . Works well for me too !!
 I already had one at home but I ordered this as a back up for when the other is being cleaned . It arrived faster than I thought and it was in perfect condition . I love that it can be heated in the microwave and the instructions are right on the disk so you do n't have to hunt for them .
 If you are debating whether or not to purchase the SnuggleSafe , debate no more . I purchased these for my four feral cats . I zap them in my microwave , place them in their fleece covers and put them in the cat chalets . They retain their warmth for a prolonged period of time , and I just feel good about providing a source of heat , especially during this unusually snowy and cold winter . Great idea and great buy .
 My outdoor cat loves this . Pennsylvania winters are harsh and this thing brings the old cat the warmth he needs . It holds the heat for many hours . Boots gives it 4 thumbs up ! - Kat
 This bed warmer is wonderful especially for feral cats . It keeps its warmth for over 12 hours . One of the best investments I have made for outside animals .
 I love this heat pad . I use it for myself -- to warm up the foot of my bed , put it on my back or stomach if I have aches , put it under my feet if I 'm cold . It lets me save a lot of $ on heating bills because it 's so warm ! I love that it lasts for hours and hours -- unlike all the other microwave heat packs I 've tried .
 A stray female cat wandered into our garage . She must have been very hungry because we have 2 dogs that wanted to chase her . We kept her , fed her and had her spayed and given shots . But 2 dogs still do n't like her . So she has an igloo in our garage high up on some boxes where the sun comes in . At night it is really cold so I bought the Snuggle Safe Heatpad for inside her igloo . She loves it and her new home . It keeps her warm for 12 hours and we do n't have to worry about her getting sick from the cold . We can heat it twice a day and she will be warm all day . I highly reccomend this product .
 I bought this for my cihuahua who is crated at night . I wanted something that would keep her warm , but did n't want anything that required electricity . I pop this little gem in the microwave for 5 minutes and it stays warm for 12 plus hours !! I never have to worry that she 's warm enough now no matter how cool the house gets overnight !!
 I take care of a feral cat colony and even though we built a really nice insulated cat ` condo ' for the guys , it 's been so bitterly cold -LRB- especially at night -RRB- that it was breaking my heart whenever I thought about how cold they must be.Then I remembered SnuggleSafes . We used them at the Wildlife Refuge where I work until we could afford incubators . They always did an excellent job in keeping the baby squirrels , birds & rabbits warm.I ordered four of them and it does my heart good when I look into the condo -LRB- we installed a window -RRB- and see them all cuddled up atop the SnuggleSafes.It is a bit of a pain to have to heat each one up individually but it 's not a big deal overall . I plan on getting more as soon as I can afford it.I love them but even more importantly , my cats love them .
 We recently ordered this heatpad for our outdoor stray cat that adopted us recently . We wanted to find a way to keep him warm through the cold nights outside -LRB- temps get down in the 30s and high 20s -RRB- . We generally heat it up at about 10pm and when we check on Chip around 7 or 8 am , the pad is still somewhat warm . He likes to sleep on it . We use the cover that came with the heatpad and put it under a blanket and he lays on top of the blanket . We are really happy with this item . I highly recommend it , especially since all you do is heat it in the microwave and it 's not electrical .
 This a nice safe alternative to falling asleep with an electric blanket , and it really does stay warm for hours . Wonderful as a ` people ' bedwarmer , and to place anywhere you get cold , your feet for instance . Looks like I 'll have to get another for my pets !
 This works very well . The only problem is that it can not be reheated until it is completely cold , otherwise it is excellent , not too hot , and it does maintain it 's heat for 10 to 12 hours . I take my dog , -LRB- a 3 lb chihuahua -RRB- almost everywhere , I used to hate to drag her out in the frigid weather , but with a SnuggleSafe in her carrier , I no longer worry that she 's cold . Sometimes I even steal it from her and put my feet on it to warm them up . Would be great for diabetics , who are sensitive to heat , these do n't get dangerously hot ...
 I ordered this for my new puppy on the suggestion of a friend to help with crate training , and I have to say , this has been our holy grail for the crate.Our puppy preferred sleeping with us and our body heat and completely flipped out when crated in the evenings . Due to my husband 's allergies , permanently sleeping with the dog is not an option and we were at our wits end and feeling very bad for not making our puppy happy.We received the Snuggle Safe and put it to use that night , and it was a godsend . Not only was our puppy much happier to lay in his crate , he also slept through the night for the first time since bringing him home , and now gets excited when he sees the Snuggle Safe come out for the night .
 This little heatable disc saved my sleep !! It comes with a nice fleece cover that you can stick in the microwave right along with it and it really does stay warm for many hours , obviously its LESS warm at the eighth hour , but it still warmer than room temp . We had a one pound chihuahua that was seriously missing his siblings and Mom and this made it so he got through the transition to his crate . SO worth the money ... and we live in New England so it will be used all winter long , long after he 's outgrown Puppyhood !! Should note that the name ... SNUGGLE leads you to believe that its squishy ... its NOT ... its very hard plastic , but I usually place it under some blankets and it warms them up nicely . That was the only surprise I had when I opened it .
 Got my first Snuggle Safe almost ten years ago . As soon as I tried it out , I bought them for friends and family . We use it as a foot warmer in bed - slip it between the covers before you get in , and it stays warm all night . Pop one in the microwave and take it in the car on cold mornings . Keeps hands warm too ! Also nice to hand anyone who 's chilly when the room is warm enough to others.I absolutely recommend the Snuggle Safe for anyone whose hands and feet get cold . Never had any problem with leaking when used as directed ... lasts for YEARS , and five minutes in the microwave for 8-12 hours of warmth is Very energy saving.P.S . I let my kitty use it too !
 We have 2 Chihuahuas and both of them love their SnuggleSafe more than even food . When we take these out at night before bed , just the sight of them makes the dogs sprint for their bed and shiver with excitement . Once the beds are down , the dogs sleep like logs . Also great for road trips , camping -LRB- heat one before you hit the trail , still warm that night -RRB- , etc. . Much safer than having a heating blanket run all night . My parents were so impressed they bought 4 for their labs !
 This is a GREAT item . My cat is 22 years old and spends a lot of her time laying on her warmer . I can zap it and do n't have to worry about anything catching fire or her getting too hot . I believe it has helped her have a sprightly old age .
 Knuckles loves his heated bed , and it is required to keep his temps 70 + in the winter
 We have two stray cats that have adopted us . We have provided a safe haven for them , feed them and now we keep them warm in the winter . I recently purchased the Snuggle Safe heated disc after looking online for something to provide warmth for the cats . All I can say is this is a fantastic product and I have recommended it to others at the vet 's office . I heat it in the microwave for 6 minutes and it keeps the cats warm all night . I will also start using it during the day as the weather becomes colder . The cats are very appreciative and enjoy it very much and I feel much better about them being out in the cold .
 Very useful for anyone breeding dogs . Nicely controlled temp in the whelping box the first three weeks . Even the mom 's like it . And a perfect size to put in the bottom of a basket to transport to and from the vet 's office . Comes with a cover .
 My 16 year old cat was beginning to get more demanding about getting under the covers on cold winter nights , so I decided to buy her a heat pad . I decided on this one because it did n't use electricity , which strikes me as a little dangerous around pets . First , you should be aware that this `` pad '' is rock hard . When friends come over to care for my cat , I tell them to warm up the large hockey puck . That being said , I love this product , and six months later bought a second to use in the living room . A few minutes in the microwave and then I stick it under her -LRB- thicker -RRB- bed . It 's nice and hot , but not burning to the touch -LRB- and I feel totally fine when the insulation of her bed is added -RRB- , and it holds it 's heat ! I microwave the one at the end of the bed at night , and it 's still fairly warm in the morning -LRB- not as warm as the night before , but still giving off heat -RRB- , and the one on the couch during the day . I do n't leave the heat on when I 'm gone during the day , nor do I sleep with it on at night , so of course my cat loves them ! I 've used them for myself from time to time for my cold feet . Like a hot water bottle , minus the water . Two years later , both are still in the same condition as I bought them , and I can see them lasting forever . Also , you should note they do come with a thin , fleecy cover . I did n't think they would and bought the suggested cover as well , so now I have extra covers .
 My pets love their snuggle mate . I bought mine about 7 years ago and it is still going strong . My cats love to snuggle with it . I am now looking to purchase one for our dog 's crate -LRB- for in the car -RRB- . For the people who have had problems with theirs ... you really must be more careful with the wattage your microwave puts out . If not , it appears that people have warped theirs , started fires and other problems . One must really use products safely in order for them to be safe for their home and pets . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs a safe pet warmer without wires and that is virtually chew proof . We will find out if it is actually chew proof once our 6 month old puppy gets one for Christmas : - -RRB-
 We have an outdoor cat that we adopted from a neighbor . We fixed him a bed inside an airlilne approved pet carrier and lined it with rolls of bubble wrap wrapped in fleece and sherpa floor and totally covered the carrier with carpeting . We then put in two of these warmers . They have kept him toasty on these cold northwest nights ... right at freezing and below . -LRB- Oh , I bought this one because I 've had another that 's been in use 8 + years now -RRB- Would highly recommend this product . I like that it 's safe .
 I got this to keep the stray that adopted us cozy in her outside dog house . This product keeps her toasty all night long . She will even `` yell '' at me when she wants it and nudge it to make sure I take the hint . She is now addicted to it and I 'm buying a back up to make sure she never has to go without it . This product is wonderful and I highly recommend it .
 My two stray cats love it . This is a hard plastic disk with a somewhat fuzzy/soft cover . But I recommended putting a blanket on top to give it some more cushion . I put the heating pad on top of their cat bed , and to add some more comfort.I purchased the K&H Self-Warming Pet Crate Pad to put on top of it , and it works great . Both cats are in the middle of the self-warming pad on top of were the heating pad is .
 These heating pads are the greatest . The best piece of advice I can give you though is to write down the microwave time you end up using and put it someplace to use for next winter . I had one we had used for years but I forgot this winter how long to zap it in the microwave . I ended up with a melted hole in the pad and the equivalent of molten lava oozing out . This of course rendered it useless and I had a very angry cat . I 'm ordering 2 more so I can have them on rotation as they are such great products and were hard to find.WRITE DOWN YOUR TIME - YOU WILL FORGET NEXT YEAR !!!
 Product was as described and delivered earlier than anticipated . As other reviewers have said , this is a very hard plastic disk and must be placed inside a dog bed so it can be cushioned between the stuffing or placed under a pillow . It definitely heats and the heat will last for several hours . I recommend this product .
 After reading the reviews , I decided to buy this product and it is the best . I have a 17-1/2 year old cat who just loves to lay on it . I warm it as described in the instructions and put it under a very fuzzy blanket on the sofa and it stays warm for 20 + hours . I feel much better knowing he is warm while I am at work . Do not hesitate to buy .
 this is a great product ! i foster kittens and this was much needed . my most recent litter 's mom kept wandering away from her babies . since kittens ca n't regulate their own body temperature , this was the perfect solution ! everytime i checked on them , they were all huddled on the snugglesafe . the cover is very soft and machine washable . follow the instructions on the timing to make sure you do n't overheat it , and it says at a constant warm temp for several hours . i wish i had bought one of these a long time ago .
 These heat disks really work . I use them for my outdoor feral cat and in the garage for the garage kitties . The heat really does go for hours .
 My 14 year old Sphynx -LRB- naked -RRB- cat lives under the covers every winter and the Sungglesafe makes a great addition to her forts . We have had several of these in the past few years and could n't be happier ! As soon as my kitty catches sight of the Snugglesafe in my hand , she comes running . The cover is soft and machine washable . Although it is a hard disk , she prefers to sit right on top of it without blankets in between , so I do wash it often.I do replace my Snugglesafe once per year although the manufacturer recommends replacement every three years . I heat it once in the morning and once before bed , so it is well used through the winter . Because of its constant use , I feel better about replacing it more often to avoid failure and leakage -LRB- which I have never experienced , but I have heard is very dangerous . -RRB- This amazing product is a must-have for any cat owner . It is safe , warm -LRB- but not hot -RRB- , and , based on the purrs I hear from the blankets , highly recommended .
 I purchased this item and an extra blue cover for an outdoor stray cat that has adopted me . Winters can be cold in Tennessee , even though this is a Maine Coon with lots of long fur . He has a styrofoam house lined with straw which will keep him warm and he currently uses it when the temperatures drop into the 50 's . I wanted added warmth for him on those colder nights and thought this was a great item . I 've heated the disk once just to see how long it remained warm . After heating , it 's just slightly warm to the touch with the cover on . I sat it on my coffee table and seven hours later , only the center of the disk remained warm . 30 minutes later , it was completely cool . Whether it retains the heat longer if the cat is actually laying on it , I do n't know yet . The cover that comes with the disk is very soft . The extra blue cover is soft , but smaller and it barely fits the disk . You will have to fight with it to get the disk inside and the cover does not completely close in the back . I do plan to order another SnuggleSafe so I can alternate them when the temperature drops close to freezing . So far , for the money , I 'm very pleased with the SnuggleSafe.This is an update . I 've now used it with the cat . It stays warm for well over 11 hours . I put it in a zip-lock bag to slip under the straw bedding -LRB- the straw will stick to the fleece cover like velcro . It 's so much easier to clean the straw off of the bag -- I learned the hard way by just placing the SnuggleSafe under the straw -RRB- . My second SnuggleSafe arrived . I 'm thrilled with this product and Big Bear loves it as well .
 I 've used this snuggle safe before and it adds a lot of comfort to know that Maggie is warm during the winter . So pleased you offered the item and it was available to me .
 This is a wonderful product that is a great wayto keep animals warm in cold weather . You justput it in the microwave oven to heat and thenput it in the pet 's bed . Excellent for youngand senior animals . Safer than electric pads.Highly recommended . .
 The Snuggle safe heat pad is a great product and has been used to keep new pups warm during power outages . It has also been used in a make shift incubator while pups were are being born .
 My cat was very suspicious of this at first , not sure why , perhaps because it is hard and not kooshy , so not comfortable to actually sit on . She has gotten used to it , though , if I prop it up vertically NEXT to her and tent a blanket over both her and the warmer , then she seems to really like it . It 's also a great back-warmer for you if you need that on occasion !
 My chihuahua loves it like I knew she would . I work swing shift and she ca n't wait for me to get home and warm it for her .
 This product was exactly what I was looking for . I have a very elderly cat who is just skin and bones now and therefore feels the cold of Canadian winters . The heating pad stays warm wrapped under towels for at least ten hours providing a nice snug bed to lie in . Just pop it into the microwave for the required time and you are all set .
 I am using this for a feral cat that we call `` Morris '' . We have been taking care of him for a few years & he has a comfy bed inside of his fav truck @ my husband 's business ! I have been looking for something like this for a while & me sister told me about this . The Snugglesafe Pet Heating Pad is a great product & Morris is loving it !!!
 I purchased this for my 3 year old cat who craves heat like a moth to a flame . Our house is fairly cold at night , and she sleeps alone , so I decided to buy this after she started sneezing a bunch . I also wanted something that was n't a fire hazard . I was initially wary of the reviewers who mentioned the product melted and oozed , burned their pets , or was uncomfortably hard . So far , none of these have posed an issue.The instructions are clear on the microwave times depending on your microwave 's wattage , and there are warnings about the consequences of overheating the product . I put the pad in the microwave in its cover for the allotted 4 minutes in my case , and I remove it after about a minute like it says . At first I thought the pad did n't seem extremely hot , but you will notice over time it will put out a steady amount of comfortable heat . The pad itself gets pretty hot , so I would n't use it on my animal without the cover . What seems hot or not hot to a person is n't the same as an animal . Since my cat is sleeping on it for hours at a time , I think she will also generate a sufficient amount of body heat , so that this pad does n't need to be scalding to be successful . What I usually do is put it under the little cat bed or cushion she sleeps on , which further lessens the possibility of burns and also makes it more comfortable for her , at least in my opinion.Regarding the pad , I was surprised by how hard it was . I thought it would soften in the microwave , but it does not . I thought for sure my cat would n't sleep on it , but as I mentioned above , I put it under her cat bed , and she plops herself down on it and settles in for the long haul . I personally wish it were softer , but again that 's just me trying to put my human preferences on this product , because after all , a cat/pet can sleep on the hard floor just fine too . The heat output lasts sometimes over 10 hours . Obviously it 's not as hot as when you first heat it , but you can put your hand on it and it 's still warm , which I find impressive.I wish it came in various sizes , and I wish I did n't have to wait until it was completely cool before reheating it , although I understand why that is the case . I 'm very pleased with this product , and would highly recommend it .
 I had already purchased and was using one of these with an elderly cat . I bought two more because the first one holds heat so well -LRB- I follow the instructions to the letter - easy enough to do -RRB- . I wanted our outside dog to have one for cold days and my elderly cat to have options of where to lay ! No cords and no overuse of power - I could not be happier and have even recommended this to friends . Granted , they are hard to the touch , but all our pets lay on the deck , floor , dirt ... so I figure if I tuck this just underneath a blanket , they are OK - and obviously so as all three seem to stay in use at virtually all times -LRB- we have multiple cats - the younger ones like the `` heat '' too -RRB- .
 Our new puppy loves this . It stays warm all night long . Worth the money to comfort the pup in Minnesota in winter . When she out grows , I think the cats will love it .
 My 18 1/2 year old cat started howling inconsolably several times a night when the weather turned chilly this fall . My guess is the colder temperatures bothered his stiff back and hips . I tried to find a safe way to heat his little bed at night and have endured many patient or slightly bemused looks and sighs from pet store people in my area with nary a reasonable solution . Three weeks ago I read about the SnuggleSafe pet heater online and ordered one that day . At the same time , I started putting a little snuggly dog flannel `` coat '' on him at night -LRB- which he hates , but endures -RRB- . From the first night I tried the heated disc and the flannel cape , the poor old guy has slept soundly through the night and as a result , we 've slept soundly , too . The disc is hard , even in the fleece cover it comes with , so I place it under his bed and on top of a heat-reflecting blanket . Insulated in this manner , the disc is still warm to the touch in the morning , even after 12 hours.The SnuggleSafe has saved my sanity . My only wish is that is was a little softer so he 'd be comfortable sleeping directly on it rather than having to pad it with extra fleece or his bed . Perhaps heat retention and making it chew - and claw-proof is a trade-off for the rigidity of the disc . Who knows ? Anyway , great product and we 're all glad it works .
 I have about 8 of these disks . Heating them for 7 1/2 to 8 minutes in my microwave is enough to get it pretty hot . I heat them hot enough so that I have to use a oven mit to get them out . I put them under the pads of my cats ' beds . I have several different types of beds . Some do not have removable pads , so I put the disk under the whole bed . It still gets hot enough to warm up the bottom of the bed . All my cats love the heated beds and they even know when I 'm changing the cold disks to warmer disks and will hop in as soon as I change them.In addition , I have a feral cat house outside of my door . It is very padded and has hay inside , but I put a folded towel in over the hay , with a heated disk under the towl and the feral kitty loves it . She has been staying in there every night and was even in there when I went home at lunch today . It is not freezing today but she must like the heated box because she did n't even try to run away like she usually does when I walked toward the door.For those having problems with the disk getting too hot or not hot enough , you need to check the wattage on your microwave . You may be leaving it in too long or not long enough for your particular watage . One morning , I was bleary eyed and did n't turn the light on when I started heating a disk . I accidentally set the timer for far too long , however the disk did not catch on fire -LRB- as one reveiw said -RRB- . It just melted and some liquid goo got all over my microwave . As I stated above , I have been putting the heated disks on top of hay in the feral cat houses and it has not caused a fire .
 The old water bottle version of this product did leak after several hundred uses . I like this version even better and it does stay warm much longer . I use this more for myself than I do for my pets . Great bed warmer .
 one of the best products on the market . Will not keep heat as long as advertised , but will keep worm for several hours . My cat has severe artheritus and loves the heat from this product . Highly recomended .
 I bought two of these heatpads for a couple of feral cats that I am caretaking for . They live in a outdoor windproof woodshed , snuggled inside two wooden boxes with blankets . They can come & go as they please , with cat doors located on the shed walls . We live in NE Pa. and it gets cold up here . I did n't want to use anything electric to generate heat for them , fearful of something going wrong , so I decided on these heatpads . It was the best move I made in a long time . They work great , and I get a good 9 or 10 hours heat out of them before they need to go back into the microwave . They are worth every dime I spent , and I recommend them highly .
 I first ran into this item at a veterinary clinic I worked at . They used these microwavable heat disks when any animal was ill or had had surgery and needed some extra warmth in its space . I started noticing that if the air was chill or someone was not feeling totally up to par , that they too would cradle a Snuggle-Safe next to them . I bought one for home and my teen-agers , ten year old and 19 year old Siamese cat all fight for it , so I need to get some more ! It can also be used as a foot-warmer for a cold bed . Many uses for the Snuggle-Safe !
 I 'm not sure how my cat Remi will like it , but I was impressed with how fast it was shipped and the quality of the heatpad and the additional separate cover I bought with it . Thanks ! : -RRB-
 I purchased two of these pads . I usually heat them up around 10:30 p.m. , and they 're still noticably warm at 7:30 a.m. . If only they were not so hard , it would be the perfect solution to a chilly house . One cat does n't seem to mind and will lay on it all night if I cushion it a bit with a fleece blanket , while our other cat seems seems to prefer softness to warmness and will lay directly next to it , but not on it . They did come with little fleece covers . Overall , I 'm pleased with this product .
 This is a great product . Ours came with the fleece cover , which it took our cat about 3 nights to rip apart at the seams . So definitely do n't pay extra for the cover . Our snuggle safe does n't actually stay warm for 12 hours -- more like 8 , which is still great . We also have a thermal pad for our cat , and we put the snuggle safe under it at night . This actually keeps the snuggle safe warm for 12 + hours .
 This product is very good for pets that might get cold at night . The disk stays warm for a very long time , but not too warm . Just right and safe for a cat or dog . I feel much better about using this than some mat with a plug in wall wart attached to it .
 my three dogs come running ready for bed when they see me with their snuggle safe
 I 've owned a Snuggle Safe for about 8 years . I originally bought it for my elderly cat , but since she died , I 've used it for myself . It only takes a few minutes to heat in the microwave and it keeps me warm when I sit and read , and I use it like a hot water bottle to warm the bed . Our heater stopped working this year and I just bought 3 more for my husband and I to use while it is being fixed .
 Great ! So glad I found this item for my elderly toy pom . He loves it .
 I inherited yard cats from my mother in law when she became to ill to care for them . One or two will come in on a cold night , but the others are on the ferral side and are very resistant even though its bitter outside . I heat up this disc and place it in their cat house which I have filled with wheat straw . This in combination with a partial vinyl door that is attached -LRB- they wont go in there if I put the other half of the door on -RRB- provides them great relief from the winter elements and gives me comfort to know I wont find frozen cat statues in the morning ! I first heard about this product on -LSB- ... -RSB- . Highly recommended !!
 This little heating pad works really well . This , inside a small insulated dog house with a door keeps our boston terrier cozy in her kennel . Not to mention the cat gets in there too . Its easy to heat up in the mic . but my mom wants me to at least put it on a paper towel , thats easier than cleaning with windex every time.The animals really appreciate the heating pad .
 If you take care of a stray cat around your home , or an old animal with joint pains , I HIGHLY recommend this product ! Can be used indoor , or outdoor . Outdoor suggestions , under a blanket or fleece out of the rain . Stays warm for at least 8 hours depending on the weather.All you have to do is microwave it and put it back in it 's fleece pouch!GREAT PRODUCT !!!!
 This is my second purchase of this product and have another on the way . Very good in the winterfor animals outside , in cold rooms or that are very sick . Be sure to follow directions . Use with cover orcover with towel or very light blanket to prevent overheating of animal .
 These animal heating discs are perfect for what we needed . They are microwavable and have a heat retention time of about 8-10 hours ! They were purchased for an animal rescue and rehab center so they are perfect for what we needed . They are smaller than I expected , but perfect for the use .
 my feral kitty really appreciates how warm this keeps his shelter , for once it goes in there , he dosnt want to come out
 When I first heard about this product I was skeptical as I always am when I hear rave reviews . I decided to try these for my two sweet kitties , brothers from the same litter to warm up what can be a drafty small apartment . I heated them according to directions and tucked them into their favorite sleeping spots and VOILA ! The boys loved them and stayed in their little sleeping places all night long ! Not only that when they finally did move I let a few minutes go by and tested to see whether there was any heat left - 10-1/2 hour after I nuked 'em warm - and YES . They were still giving off heat . I need another set of them so I can heat up a daytime set . Really great product . Thanks ,
 Got it for my outside cat . It is round , approximately 10 '' diameter and 1 '' thick . It is basically a small fat frisbee . The heating recommendations can be confusing , but I found if I heat it until the stuff inside liquifies , it is at the perfect heat . Just shake it vigorously , when the inside is liquid , it 's ready . I find it lasts about 8 hours . The cat likes it and rests directly upon it.Would buy again .
 I bought this for our cat that sleeps in our laundry room . It is perfect because it is not a fire hazard . Our cat sleeps on it all night , and it even stays warm for longer than 10 hours . I am totally impressed with this little heating disk , and I would recommend this for someone who has a cat or small dog that needs warmth .
 This heating pad stays warm for up to 12 hours in our house . I have to microwave for 5 minutes based on our microwave power.Cat snuggles right up to it for a good nights rest and he is 11 years old and I know he appreciates it . When we heat it up at bedtime , he stands and waits for it to get to his bed -- kinda funny .
 I was hesitant . It does work . I had to figure out the wattage on my microwave first , as it warns you not to over heat it . Aside from it being hard as a rock , it does work - I heated at 10pm and it was still warm at 9 am . Not too warm - comfortable . I placed under a pillow that was not too thin or thick , so the heat could be felt . My dog slept comfortable . I also order a separate cover but it alreadly came with one . Does what it says just wish it was softer .
 Great seller , quick delivery , wonderful product . My siamese cats love it . . Pad is heated as soon as they step on it and cools down when they leave . Highly recommend ... . fabulous price ... would use seller again
 I first bought one of these about 10 years ago for a prairie dog that I had who was sick . This really helped to keep her warm . I now have another prairie dog and ca n't find my old snugglesafe so I bought a new one . Have n't used the new one yet since it is still very warm out but if it is the same as the old one then it will work like a charm.This is a great product for keeping any type of pet that chews safe and warm . No wires to worry about them chewing and no worrying about it catching on fire . Also it is easy to clean.I also will admit I had in the past used it for myself . So this can also be used on humans and is great if you have the need for a warming pad . Granted , it is on the hard side but it still stays quite nice and toasty .
 After reading all of the great reviews I bought two of these for my bottle fed kittens . I am upset because after only a month of using them , one of them started leaking and I had to throw it away . My microwave wattage is 1250 , and I never heated the warmer up for more than 3 minutes , and -LRB- as the directions say -RRB- heating it only when it was cold ! I bought 2 so I could always have a `` cold '' one to heat up when the warm one started cooling down .
 I bought this for my cat Elsie when I was trying to wean her from sleeping in our bed . I heat it up in the microwave -LRB- it really does stay warm for 12 hours -RRB- and place it under a blanket in a pet bed . She gladly takes to her pet bed once it is Snugglesafe-warm . It is a hard disk , but that does n't deter Elsie from seeking it out -- even during the day when it has lost its warmth . I think she sees it as a kind of security blanker and , when it 's warmed up , a nighttime signal that it 's time to calm down and go to bed . One proviso
 This is the greatest invention , or pretty close . I have a feral cat that I have taken in and I ca n't have him inside because he marks and wants to eat my three year old son , but I wanted him to be comfortable outside . I also did n't want a bunch of wires that I had to weave through the window -LRB- no outside plugs -RRB- and then freeze us out by having an open window so that I could plug in a heating pad . This takes minutes in microwave and while I do n't think it keeps heat for eight hours , it keeps it pretty warm for at least five and that is for the coldest part of night . I usually put it under my cat 's blanket -LRB- it is VERY hard -RRB- later in the night , like right before I 'm going to bed so that he is warmer in the coldest part of night.You can tell that he loves it and dances on his back two feet when he sees me coming with this heating pad . Very worth it and I will be buying another one just to have .
 My bunny gets her Snugglesafe warmed morning and night . She has a back injury and the warmth helps her back pain . She loves it ! She sits on it all the time . It is safe and stays warm for a very long time . We 've been using it for a couple of months now and we are very happy with it .
 I live in a cold part of the country and I have a programmable thermostat and set it to 50 degrees when I 'm not at home.But I started feeling guilty about leaving my cat alone in the cold all day so decided to try this out.I was skeptical but realized right away that with only 6 minutes in the microwave this stays warm for even more than 10 hours , even after 12 hours it 's still warm.I do n't use the cover because I stick it under one fold of a blanket . It is a hard disc about the size of a frisbee and I do n't think it would be comfortable for a cat to sit directly on top of it.My cat loves it . Most days when I come home from work he 's sitting on top of it .
 I bought these heating disks for the stray cat 's outside . They are wonderful we heat them at night and during the harsh winter day 's and they keep those poor animals outside warm .
 We have a former stray cat that we 've adopted and lives outside in our backyard -LRB- never comes inside ... yet . -RRB- We bought this to put in her bed so that she 'd stay warm on cold winter nights -- especially recently where the temps dropped into the 20s . She loves it . We wrapped it in a small fleece blanket since it 's hard as a board . It has stayed warm throughout the night and into the morning . I think her body heat helps it retain heat -- there have been times it 's still warm in the morning , 12 hours later . Exactly what we wanted and has made the cat very happy .
 I have a miniature Rat Terrier , always cold , who gets very excited as soon as she sees the disc come out of the microwave . Given that you have to wait until they 're stone cold to reheat them , I bought two and alternate them . She ca n't live without these discs .
 I got the pad for my elderly dogs but have been using it for my cold feet in bed . It is heavenly . I ca n't believe how long it stays warm . Obviously I have to buy more for the dogs . Did n't they used to heat up bricks , wrap them up and stick them in beds on a cold night way back when ? This is a really great product . I know people who have multiple ones to use for their cats AND their own ailments .
 I saw these advertised and thought just another way to get money for a product that does not do what is says it will do . Well I 'm ordering my next set of two pads as this is the most wonderful product I have ever come across . My traveling companion Tika would tell you herself if she could talk . I also own four cats and they try to steal Tika 's bed daily so now I 'm getting two more and will order two more in the future.It is so nice to know my pets have a source of heat if I 'm away all day . Sondra Napier Marshall
 I bought this to put under the banket of our outside dog . she loves it . I would recommend the cover for it though . It stays warm outside for about 8-10hrs . we actually have 2 of them and are very pleased that we do n't have to plug it in , but she can still be warm . I would recommend it to any pet owner .
 Easy to use
 We have a Netherland Dwarf rabbit and she LOVES this product . We purchased it to help keep her warm during our cold winters here in the midwest . I took everyone else 's advice and purchased a second cover so I would always have a clean one on hand . She enjoys sitting on the disc so much that we just leave it in her cage even in the warmer months . I highly recommend this product .
 This product worked very well . We had a 21 year old cat who was used to laying on the pilot lights of the gas stove . We bought a new stove that does n't have pilot lights and she was always screaming because she was cold . We did use a heating pad but hated to leave it on when we were gone from the house or sleeping . We purchased the microwavable pad and it worked wonders . She stayed warm and we did n't have to leave the heating pad on . I just wish it was a little softer .
 Great product . I didnt expect it to work as well as it did . It really holds heat for a long period of time . The only negative thing I could say would be is it is a little too thick . My dog is n't thrilled with it being placed under her blankets .
 Wow I ordered this for my cat who kept seeking out heat in front of the TV and the cable modem - it just arrived 2 hours ago and I heated it up right away and my cat has not left it since ! An instant hit ! I tucked it into her cat bed and she went to it right away . A great product ! I may get another for my ferrets !
 I recently purchased my 3rd snugglesafe pet heating pad . The 1st , for the cat , is a HUGE hit ! He sleeps in the garage at night and sometimes wo n't leave in the morning because the disk is still warm . The 2nd , for the indoor dog , was less successful , probably due to the hardness of the disc and it is n't as necessary . Right now that disc is on loan to a friend with an arthritic older dog . The 3rd was purchased for my sister-in-law who works in an office and her feet are always cold . She says it works great as long as she takes her shoes off . I have never had a problem but am careful to never exceed the heating time and to follow directions . And , from experience , NEVER touch the exposed plastic after it 's been heated - painful .
 I had one of these years ago , but it did n't come with the cover . I love the new cover so you know your dogs are n't lying right on the plastic . It works great for those chilly days .
 O'Malley wo n't lay on it -LRB- even covered because it 's too hard -RRB- ; wedged between his bed and wall it retains warmth for 10 hours -LRB- as advertised -RRB- and does keep his back warm .
 These stay at perfect temperature for an amazing period of time . I am a veterinarian , and they are ideal for pets after anesthetic when they may be chilly , and for sick guys who need a little warm comfort .
 I thought the SnuggleSafe would be snuggly . The disk is very hard even with the cover , so the cats did n't take to it like a warm blanket . It does stay warm as advertised and perhaps they will `` warm to it '' !
 I purchased this item to keep our feral cats warm . It 's perfect in every way ~ heat for 5-6 minutes in the microwave , tuck it into their bedding and you 're good to go . No muss , no fuss and it keeps them warm for 10 hours . I put it out in the AM when I feed and again in the evening to keep them snuggily all through the night . I had an issue with the initial item that I purchased through Martha 's Pets which was defective and it was replaced immediately . Martha 's responded immediately and appropriately to all concerns.Great item . . very happy . . warm feral kitties ~ it 's all good !
 While it was a bit of a pain to find out the exact wattage of my microwave , the warnings of dire consequences set me searching for the manual . Once I tried it out , it worked very well . It 's warm , not hot , when it comes out of the microwave , and stays warm the entire day . My only complaint is that it is rather hard , even with the cover . I have to put a blanket on top of it , then place the dog bed on top of the blanket . Otherwise , my dog wo n't lay on it .
 My 1 cat is 18 + years old and this is great to put behind the blanket he sleeps on . It keeps him toasty warm.He certainly appreciates it .
 This product lives up to the advertisement . Stays warm for at least 10 hours inside . The cat loves it and waits for it to be heated .
 The heating stone has been great for the outdoor cat on these cold winter evenings . It is easy to use -LRB- warm up in the microwave -RRB- , safe for outdoors -LRB- no cords or batteries -RRB- , and can be placed in an area where the cat can get out of the elements to warm up . The product arrived quickly and in great condition .
 I love this disc . It stays warm for about 9 hours . It is stiff , but I put it between a blanket and my pups bed . She curls up on it and goes right to sleep . I am thinking of getting one for myself to warm up my feet in my bed . Definately worth it .
 I am happy to have purchased this heating pad/disk . I am using it for a stubborn outdoor kitty who does n't want to come inside . I 've thought about purchasing another one for an older and now arthritic cat I have . Maybe she would find some comfort with it .
 I received this product right on time and my cats love it . I feed and house several show up kitties and this product is great for keeping them warm in the coldest of weather .
 My dog instantly loved this product . It gives off just the right amount of heat . Very safe and effective . It stays warm for about 10 hours .
 I * love * this item . It does n't get too hot , but stays warm for at least 6 hours . I use it for myself even though it 's a pet product . I 'm sitting at the computer with my feet on it at this moment . Highly recommended .
 The pet heating pad is exactly what I was looking for to keep our new kitten warm in his bed at night . The instructions on how to heat it up is a little confusing because you do not want to over heat it . But once I figured out how much time to put it in the microware for , it worked very well at keeping the pad warm for the rest of the day . It is amazing that it stays warm for hours like that . It is a hard disk with a cover that comes with it . I bought the stuffed cat that I ordered on Amazon to make it a litter more comfortable for the kitty to snuggle up to . With both of these products together , it is comforting for me to know my kitty will be warm and snug at night . Amazon is an awesome way to shop online , just watch for the shipping charges of some of the sellers . I try to choose the free shipping from Amazon and purchase everthing at once or it cost too much and is not worth it to me .
 This is a heat retention pod . It is not soft and comfortable , but is a somewhat rigid gel that retains heat for 8-10 hours . You use it under a blanket or pad . This is my second.I use the Snuggle pad for trips to the Vet in winter , as a heat source for sick pets , and occasionally to warm the small of my back . It is great for long car trips or for elderly animals who chill . I use it for cats and a small dog . Just heat it for 3 - 5 minutes in the microwave , put it on the sofa , and chances are that someone will be curled up on it soon . A safe heat source for riding in RVs too .
 I love this product . I care for a homeless cat and as winter was approaching I needed to find the BEST way to keep him warm . I purchased a little dog house . I insulated the bottom and sides of the house with Styrofoam . On top of the Styrofoam I placed a quite time pet bed . I heat the SNUGGLESAFE for the appropriate time and slip it under the bed . Its been quite cold here . Many nights have gone below freezing . It stays warm for OVER 12 hours . I 've made a homeless cat a VERY HAPPY CAT !!!! PS . . because I love this product so much I have purchased a few more snugglesafe pads ... in the event one fails , I have back-ups .
 I love these heatpads . I have 2 of them . I have had a lot of stray cats that spend the winter in my garage . I heat these up and put them under a blanket for them and they are nice and warm for the night .
 I bought this for my hedgehog ; it 's easy to use and works as it should , though Gogol does n't seem interested in being on it . It comes with a cover , too .
 This winter marks year 3 of SnuggleSafe use for my outdoor cat , so I am ordering a replacement as recommended , to be sure there are no cold nights if/when the old one fails . He loves it . I heat it for the time recommended , wrap it in a fairly thin towel , and put it atop his other bedding in his outdoor box . The first winter , I checked it several times at various hours and at differing outdoor temps . It definitely provided more heat than would have been had otherwise , and was warm at the 12-hour mark . I do n't imagine , though , that any product other than an electrical heating pad could possibly retain heat for any period without being insulated -LRB- the towel , surrounding bedding , inside a box -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Great product -- very nice -- have already used it for my kitten , to help it keep warm when it cools down at night . Very satisfied .
 I use it for my small dog - a chihuahua mix - inside her bed at bedtime . It stays warm for around 10 hours under the covers and she really seems to like it . It 's also great to warm your bed up too . : -RRB-
 easily heated , held warmth through the night in chilly garage.the only improvement would for the item itself to be a little softer -LRB- for my old , skinny cat -RRB-
 A great item to have when breeding ... its a great secondary heat source in the whelping box as well as handy when you have to transport a pup to the vet . I highly recommend !
 This was my second Snuggle Safe , and I love it . You put it in the microwave and it heats up to a safe but warm level and you put it in your pet 's bed . The heat lasts for hours . There are no cords or worry about going off and leaving it unattended . It 's about the size of a frisbee and about a 1/2 inch thick.If you want to have a warm pet , please do both of you a favor and buy this product . There is nothing like it out there and the price is excellent for what you get .
 I got this for my sister who 's dog was expecting puppies just before Christmas . Where she lives it is really cold at night , well below freezing . This worked wonderfully to keep the newborn puppies warm . It 's about the size of a frisbee , but a bit heavier , and it really does keep everyone warm . The one we got came with a cover , and we bought an extra cover in case we needed to use it and wash the cover at the same time . Overall loved it .
 Stays warm like it promises . It 's really cold right now in this part of the country and I bought this stray an insulated feral cat house . I put this in the cat house under the blanket and she 's warm and content . A nifty invention , for sure !
 We live in New England where the nights are super cold in the winter . I purchased this to go in a little wool felted cat house for my barn kitties . I am amazed that even on subzero degree nights-the Snuggle Safe stays warm the entire night . It is still warm in the morning . One time we put a thermometer inside of the felted house with the Snuggle Safe inside of it . I wondered what the temperature was inside to be sure it was warm enough for my two cats . They had been curled up inside . The thermometer registered 50 degrees and the outdoor temp was at zero ! Amazing ... what an awesome product . My barn kitties have never been happier .
 My house is cold when I am gone during the day , I heat this in the microwave before I leave and slip it in my dogs bed . It stays warm for 12 hours !
 These are great . My cat sees me put them on her bed and goes immediately and cuddles up . They are easy to use and the heat last 12 hours . Not like a different type I bought which lasts only a few hours .
 These are perfect for the friendly feral cats that live in my garage - especially with the cold temps in Michigan right now . I have 5 and am purchasing a couple more . I heat them in the morning and at night -LRB- 6 minutes each -RRB- and there is usually a little heat left in them after 12 hours -LRB- not so much with the temps in the minus right now so I do a couple of minutes in the middle of the day to ensure they stay warm -RRB- .
 This heated disk works great . I have bought and used many of them in the past 7 years . A must to have own one .
 Works great for new puppies . Stays warm as it advertises . I would highly recommend this product to people who breed dogs .
 I have had one of these for years ... and my cats loved it as long as i hide it under their bed ... so they would lay on top of it with bed in between.But recently , i heated it up for about 4 minutes which i know for mine is under how long they recommend . I took my dogs out and came in ... well good half hour passed and i had forgot about it . So i heated it again for another 4 minutes ... guess my fairly new microwave is stronger than last one ... it popped it open.I am not sure what is in it ... but do n't think i am going to use that microwave ever again . I did get most ... was like wax like substance but it is very hard to get it all up . Sure as i heat things and clean microwave it would all come up . I just worried it might be toxic ... so guess i might buy the microwave/convection oven i been eyeing.If anyone knows if stuff is safe or not i would appreciate it ... since it is good microwave and i hate to toss it just because it might have toxic stuff in it.BUT for your kitty or dog ... they liked it just fine as long as they did have bed in between . But i think now that they are getting older i am moving up to electric one so they have constant heat all night when it is freezing up here . They were feral kittens that took a ride under our truck at a hiking spot . they tamed up to me but have never liked coming in the house , with dogs ... who were nice to them . So i made nice house in garage ... even in snow they will not ... they still like to go out and sit in sun under wild rose bushes and watch birds . At least they smart enough even in summer to come in garage so wild critters up here do not get them . .
 I purchased a snuggle safe for my Sphynx . She is a wairless kitten . She needs to stay warm . While I am gone from my home I am too scared to use a electric heating pad . I feel so safe and my kitten loves to lay on the snuggle safe . I can take it in the car and put it in my bed or take it any where . My kitten loves it and I feel very safe with it . I would buy another one .
 This is great tucked into a small dog carrier in cold weather to keep them warm . I also often use them in dog beds after a bath or on a cold day for extra warmth.I highly recommend it . It will stay warm for many hours .
 This is perfect to warm up our kitty 's bed in her little house which is in the garage . You microwave it as needed . It stays warm for the entire night .
 This is a great product . My dog loves it , keeps her warm and we do n't have to have a heater on to keep her warm . Easy to use .
 I ordered this for my `` yard '' cat . Normally she is an outside cat but colder weather I bring her into the garage or basement . Both can be chilly but this Snugglesafe Heater really really works . I pop it into my microwave oven about 930pm and put it into her bed . When I take it out the next morning there is actually still heat in the disc and her bed is nice and warm . I highly recommend this product . So safe and it does come with it 's own cover . Great product !
 We use this to keep our chickens ' waterer ice-free since we do n't have electricity in the chicken run . Works great , though we do have to re-heat it during the day when it 's really cold . It 's better than it was before , though !
 This product is worth the purchase price . My older cat spends most of his day on the bed . we 've burnt out a couple of heating pads and I wanted something safe I could leave home for him without worrying . This pad really does stay warm for hours - not hot , but warm . If I heat it around 9:30 pm , it will stay warm until morning . I was concerned at first that he would n't sleep on it because it 's so hard , but that has n't been a problem . He just curls up right on top , even without a blanket over it . I got two and put them side by side so can stretch out and be warm all over . I 'm planning on purchasing two more for the dog crates .
 My indoor/outdoor kitty sleeps in the garage at night . This gives her a free pass to go out and explore the neighborhood when she feels like it . I was concerned that she might get cold despite having her bed and a couple of blankets in the garage . Most likely , it was just MY problem overthinking the situation and worrying too much of kitty being cold while in reality she is OK . This Heatpad DOES stay warm all night -LRB- I microwave it at 11 PM and check on it at 7 AM before going to work - and IT IS STILL WARM after 8 hours ! -RRB- . I can now sleep WITHOUT WORRYING about kitty being cold.Does my kitty like it ? I do n't know ... Does it make me feel better and worry less ? Yes , it does !
 This is a fabulous product , stays warm for about 15 hours and my cat loves it . We also use these at the Humane Society where I volunteer . They are so great , just heat them for 5 minutes and put them in the cage under their little blankets to keep them nice and warm . We put them in the outside dogs houses also . We used to worry about leaving an electric blanket on when we were going to be gone for several hours but since I have got this for my 16 yr old cat I have n't had to use the blanket . I would highly recommend this product .
 We have some feral cats that are trying to survive the winter . I put the snuggle safe in its cover into their sleeping area and it makes it more comfortable for them on very cold nights.I also having a feeding station in the woods and have found that if I put the snuggle safe under their large water bowl it does n't freeze for 12 hours.I like this product .
 This heater is extremely useful for my elderly cats . I heat it up twice a day , and the cats can be warm all day . I do n't use the cover , but slip the disc into their blankets . It is quite hot directly out of the micro though , so be careful . I wanted a heater that did not need to be plugged in all day , and this fits the bill .
 This is a wonderful product . I wish it was not so expensive , when you have a colony of feral cats more than one has to be purchased . But I am so thankful for this product . Thank you
 My cat loves it.It keeps her warm all night long . Before we had it she kept my wife up all night laying on her .
 Our daughter recommended this to us . She has used them for a couple years for her outdoor kitty bed boxes . It is a lot safer than electric , and more friendly to the environment . We use ours for the basement bedding of our outside cat.This would be a great gift for a shelter or pet sitter for next years Christmas or any one who has a chilly period . Also I would thing this would be a great thing for older dogs who have arthritic trouble.Pet Supply Imports SnuggleSafe Pet Heating Pad
 I worked at an animal clinic and our vet purchased this to use on sick or very young patients . It was great . We used it for 4 + years at the clinic . When the clinic closed down , I purchased the snugglesafe and took it home . My chihuahua loves it . I never heat it for more than 3 minutes and it stays warm for hours and hours . I 've never timed it , so I ca n't say exactly how long . Yes , it is hard and small and may not be ideal for larger pets , but it 's been perfect for what we needed .
 There is a stray that has taken residence in my backyard long before I moved in . I have other cats that would not take well to me taking her in , and quite frankly - I think she 'd be miserable . However , I could n't rest unless I knew she had a warm place to sleep on cold nights . The SnuggleSafe Heating Pad is BY FAR the BEST product I have come across to keep her toasty and safe . She has a little house outside and all I have to do is heat it in the microwave and put it under her blanket at night and she 's happy and warm.Pros
 I found this product on Amazon ! I 'm caring for a feral cat which has decided to live right outside my front door . I kitted out a large animal carrier , insulated it well , and loaded it with soft padding and fleece blankets . However , Midwest Winters can be harsh . So , I searched well for an animal heater which would provide him with extra heat and found SnuggleSafe . I bought two discs and heat them twice a day -LRB- every 12 hours -RRB- . They sustain continual heat throughout the day/night and I do n't have to worry about the cat hurting himself because of wires or electrical shorts . Terrific ! They 've been such a success that I bought two more for my older inside cats . Thank God for SnuggleSafe !
 This is a great product for my outside cat . I wrap the warm pad in a towel , place it in his little house , and he stays warm and cozy on the coldest nights .
 My cat fell in love with this thing from the start ! Every time I heat it up for her , she stays wherever is it for long periods of time . She 's becoming quite the couch potato ! :--RRB- It does come with a cover and I always keep it on for her safety . I place it on the couch with a light blanket over it and she sleeps like a baby . I 've never seen her sleep so good ! Ca n't say enough great things about it !
 We 've used these snugglesafe heating pads for years . But with two new dogs , it was time to get a couple more to make sure their dog beds were warm on a cold winter floor . I bought two more , plus extra covers , which you do n't need because it comes with a well-fitting plush cover . The blue plush covers I bought do n't fit well and in fact tore when I tried to put them over the heating pads . Some things to keep in mind when you purchase one of these : These are HARD . So it 's best if you forego the covers altogether , and simply place them under a few layers of blankets , or like I did - in a bed that is two parts ; the bottom part that sits on the floor , the second part is a pillow that fits securely into the bed . I put the snugglesafe between the pillow and the bottom of the bed , without the cover so it releases more heat up into the pillow they lay on . Because these are HARD , some animals will get freaked out by them , because it 's obvious that something is there , as in the review that told about the barn cat who would n't go near it . You need to do as I said above , put it under several layers of bedding so they do n't know it 's there , or purchase a two-part bed that leaves the heat pad safely -LRB- and discreetly -RRB- out of their area.These get VERY HOT . You need to make sure there are layers of protection between your pet and the snugglesafe . -LRB- Again , as described above . -RRB- But , they will stay warm for hours and hours , if not until the next day.They work GREAT and will last you for years as long as you do n't overheat them . Although they are pricey , they are a good solid investment to safely provide warmth to your pets .
 I love this product . I bought it for a feral cat I take care of to use in his little igloo . I 've been so worried about him at night and once I started using this last week - no worries ! No cords , no electric , and keeps his igloo just warm enough to give him something to snuggle against.My only caution is - CHECK YOUR MICROWAVE POWER CAREFULLY . I had to go on line to find the kilowats for my microwave b/c it was n't listed on the oven itself . You have to follow the warming instrucitons exactly as to timing in the microwave . It 's a cinch , once you know how powerful your oven is . Until I checked online , I only heated it for 2 minutes , and that was n't enough . Found out 5 minutes was correct and now it is just great.I 'm going to order another one for an inside elderly cat who needs a warm place .
 I have had one of these discs for well over 7 years . they work great , however after a few years they do get old and stop holding heat . This is my second one , and I know it will last another 7 years . Great heater , and my beagle loves it , He lays on it in his cage and cuddles all night with it . They are well worth the money if you realize they last 7 years . Hope you all enjoy as I have .
 I purchased this product for my daughter 's hedgehog . It has been wonderful . The hedgehog ca n't take the cold -LRB- goes into hibernation and can kill it -RRB- and I leave the thermostat low when everyone is out of the house for work/school . The hedgie kept on trying to go into hibernation and we tried many things , but this has been the best . It gets hot , but not too hot and it came with a cover and we just put it in her cage and she has the choice of how close she wants to get to it to stay warm . Since we have gotten this , we have not had any cold issues . It also stays warm for a long time so it is not time consuming .
 I 've only had this a few days , but I 'm very impressed . I got it for my 3 pound Yorkie . It is very hard , but I just put it under a blanket and it keeps him warm without being too hot . He just curls up on the blanket and loves it . Just 5 minutes in the microwave and it has stayed very warm for at least 10 hours so far . Love it !
 We use this as a hot water bottle for humans - not pets.I initially bought one as a joke for my sister and it has spread through the entire family . This is probably the 10th we have bought.They are hard though and you have to be careful not to overheat in the microwave.We have replaced a couple that have stopped holding the heat after a couple of years of fairly constant use .
 I read alot of reviews before purchasing snugglesafe . My cat is a outdoor cat and was trying to find something to keep her warm.I thought I would give it a try . First cold night we had I placed it in her outdoor bed . She got in it and layed down and started purring . I was relived . It is hard , but she dont seem to mind . I dont think it gets as warm as I thought it would though.I ordered another one and on the really cold nights I will put both of them in her bed .
 Snugglesafe is one of the best inventions for pets we have found . It lasts well over a night 's sleep , and keeps even outside cats warm in their beds . We have been buying them for years , as my wife keeps getting more strays!Once , she left it in the microwave many , many minutes over the five designated , and it blew , getting `` stuff '' all over the microwave . It hardened , and was a toxic-like cover over the whole inside . I emailed the company and they told me it was totally non-toxic , and how to clean the microwave quite simply . It worked , is like new , so we continue to buy them !
 Stays hot all night after 4 minutes in a -LRB- high power -RRB- microwave . I put it on the bed under a soft blanket . My cat sleeps on the blanket with the SnuggleSafe disk underneath . He used to like to cuddle up to us all night but that got a little crowded . Now he stays on his blanket . The cat 's blanket is big enough so that he can sleep with the SnuggleSafe directly under him or he can sleep off to the side if he gets too hot . The disk is still quite warm in the morning.After 4 minutes in the microwave the disk is so hot that I would n't want to hold the plastic case directly . Fortunately , it comes encased in a soft fabric sleeve -LRB- sealed with velcro -RRB- so it is easy to take out of the microwave and put on the bed . As another reviewer noted , it is a nice heating pad for humans too . Sometimes I use it to warm myself up before letting the cat have it.Of course you do n't want to put it in an animal 's cage or in any situation where the animal ca n't get away from it . If your cat or dog were to pee on it and if they could n't get away from it , they might get burned -LRB- imagine taking a dish out of a hot oven with a wet towel -RRB- . One of the people who complained about this product apparently used it in a cage on an airplane.Works perfectly for me .
 We have 2 kitties that stay in the garage 365 days a year in Chicago , where we can have some cold-cold winters . I have been using SnuggleSafe for about 7 years and love them . -LRB- This is my 3rd set -RRB- . I nuke the heaters for 5 minutes each and know that the kitties will have somewhere warm to sleep . -LRB- They have a bed with lots of blankets -RRB- . I like the fact there are no cords or plugs to worry about . When I go to get the heaters in the morning-the kitties have n't moved , they are still sleeping on top of the heaters just as I left them the night before . I highly recommend SnuggleSafe heaters .
 I have been very happy with my Snuggle Safe heat pad . The claims of 10-12 hours of heat are true IF you insulate it a bit . OK , it cools off in 4 hours or so if you leave it sitting out , but under a blanket , it stays toasty for a good 10 hours -LRB- I do n't think I have every checked it after 12 hours , but I expect it would still be a bit warm -RRB- . Granted , my cats are not much interested -LRB- maybe they will be when the weather gets cold again -RRB- , but I love it . I stick it at the foot of the bed -LRB- under the covers , so it stays warm -RRB- , or even just hold it while I am reading in the evening . I also got one for my Mom , who has Reynaud 's Syndrome , and she says it is great . She just keeps it nearby and warms her hands as needed .
 My two rat terriers like the Snuggle Safe heating pad , though it 's hard to catch them in the act because if I 'm around , they snuggle with me , instead ! : - -RRB- To my surprise , I like the Snuggle Safe quite a bit , too . If the dogs are n't using them , they work great as foot warmers !
 I 'm a lab breeder and highly recommend new puppy owners to have one of these Snuggle Safe Heat Pads ready for their first night at home with their new puppy . It offers comfort to a restless puppy missing the warmth of a puppy huddle . I own two of these warmers and use them for the puppies and for myself to soothe a sore back . This is a great product , it 's durable and well worth the investment .
 I live in Michigan , and it gets cold in the winter . I have 4 cats and 1 dog . One cat is older , thin , with thin fur so I thought I would try this out as I did n't want a plug in item . This particular cat sleeps in a cat bed on top of a bunk bed . At first I only heated it for 4 minutes and was n't impressed , then I found the wattage of my microwave -LRB- 1000 watts -RRB- and saw that it could go in for 5 minutes . That made quite a difference . It did come with a fleece cover , which I always leave on , but I still put it under some fleece wrap and my cat LOVES it . She always sleeps on it at night . During the day , if I remember , I will put it under a blanket on the couch and she and another cat will sleep on it . I tried it with my dog , but he was n't interested . I purchased a second one and have to admit that I stick it in bed with me . I often have to fight my daughter for it . Makes the sheets nice and warm.Now , if it is n't put under some type of cover , besides its fleece covering , it will cool much faster . And many times I have taken it out of the microwave and thought , this is n't hot , but as I 've had it in my bed with me , it can get painfully hot , so even if you think it is n't warm , it is still giving off a lot of heat.I ca n't be 100 % sure , but I would think a lot of the negative comments are people who did n't have it heated right , knowing the wattage of your microwave is important , and not having it covered to retain the heat longer.I want to get a third one , but winter is pretty much over , so I 'll wait till fall again .
 I 'm keeping a stray cat warm with the snuggles . I had one I bought yrs ago and decided that it would be easier to have more than one . I now have 4 . I do n't want to wait until the other one cools down to reheat since the cat is in the shelter all day . At night I want to go to bed without having to wait for it to cool down . I wrap it in foil to last longer . I heat up a sweater in the dryer place it at the bottom of the covered litter box I use for her shelter since it has a door flap so that she can come and go . I wrap the snuggles in a towel heated in the dryer and place on the warm sweater . I put a dish dryer that looks like a mat that I bought at Wal-Mart on the snuggles which was also in the dryer . On top of the mat I put a throw I cut in half -LRB- also heated in the dryer -RRB- that I bought at Wal-Mart for $ 2.88 . It insulates the snuggles while still keeping the cat snug and toasty . She does n't leave the shelter unless she has too . On top of the litter box I place a throw and cover with a shower curtain I bought at the dollar store in case it rains . She was in such bad shape that she lied out in the wet grass and freezing wind to die . I could n't catch her to take her to the vet so I built the shelter and put clindacure antibiotics in milk the only thing she finds the strength to eat . She is now back to life and keeping warm . Because of the insulation I add to the snuggles I found it does stay warm for 10 hours outside in the cold on my porch in the covered litter box . I know it stays warm this long because one morning I did not have to reheat it due to the temperature going up into the seventies so I left it there . When I decided to go out and pull it so that I could change the bedding it was still very warm and it had been 10hrs . Now I do n't worry so much that it goes stone cold in 6 hours or less . I change it every 7hrs because I want the snuggles to be at its warmest . Warming everything in the dryer before putting down helps to keep the snuggles warm and she has clean bedding . The extra bedding also helps me from worrying that she may get burned if the snuggles is too hot . You have to be careful and follow instructions to the T. Do not place in or near anything made out of wood . Duh !!! Make sure the animal can move away if it is to warm for him . Use common sense . It is a great product and I 'm glad it exists .
 I did my first fostering of 5 kittens -LRB- still have 4 of them -RRB- . I kept them on a soft bed with lots of little blankies , but did n't at the time know about `` chilling '' and the runt-baby boy I had named Bravehart passed away -LRB- God rest his tender soul -RRB- after taking him to emergency from `` chilling '' . Was heartbroken . I searched on CalVetSuppy . com where I get a lot of my cat meds , etc. , and found the Snugglesafe and bought 2 . It has made ALL the difference in the world for these remaining 4 kitties , they love it at night . If you put enough cushioning blankets over the Snugglesafe , the heat warms the blankets and really does stay warm all night . It 's totally perfect ! Since my mom is adopting 2 of my foster kitties , I gave her one of them to be sure they always have a warm place . I 'm going to buy another one so I 'll always have 2 since you ca n't warm them up again until they are completely cold and I 'd like to have one there day and night . I HIGHLY recommend this product . Follow the instructions , like the other person said , about how long to heat it pursuant to what your microwave 's wattage is . That way it wo n't deform and the gel come out . You kitty fosters out there , I so highly recommend this for the baby-baby kittens !!
 I like it because I sometimes use it myself ! Keeps you warm without spending money in gas or electric heating . Saves us money !
 Because we 're renting at the moment , we had no solution for our cats , now forced outside during this cold winter . For all sorts of reasons , I was not comfortable with the electric warmers on the market . I finally came up with the idea of cutting a hole in doubled , cardboard apple boxes , to allow entrance , filling them with straw for bedding , and warming up these beds , morning and night when it 's cold , by putting the microwaved SnuggleSafe inside the boxes , under the cats . I then bought a cheap tent -LRB- $ 20 on sale -RRB- , insulated it with straw and put it on the back porch with the boxes inside it . I leave a small opening unzipped to let the cats go in and out as they please . So how does all this work ? Well , the cats love it . I usually have to wrestle the pads out from under them in the mornings . It 's always much warmer in the tent than it is outside , so I 'm sure they 're are warm . On really cold days -LRB- below zero -RRB- , they just spend all day inside the tent , snug on their warmed beds . I like the covers provided with the pads - they wash easily and fit well - but the same thing can be accomplished with towels carefully wrapped around the pad . Just make sure the pads are not easily uncovered by a tossing and turning animal , though , because the pads are really hot without the cover . PetSmart sells these same warmers for about twice as much so I 'd stay away from that . Altogether , I 'm a satisfied customer and would recommend these pads absolutely .
 It was larger than what i expected , but it fits nicely in my tank . Does n't look like the picture , it actually has more `` stems '' .
 I have used Artemis food for over a 6 month period and could n't be happier . It has been the best food for both of my pups -LRB- one being a Shih Tzu who has a sensitive stomach -RRB- . Other premium foods kept irritating her large intestines which caused me numerous vet bills . I have had dogs for the last 25 years and have always researched and bought premium dog food ; however , Artemis Fresh Mix Small Breed Adult Formula is by far the best . It may costs a little more , but has saved me dollars in vet bills . I would recommend spending the few extra dollars for peace of mind in knowing you are feeding your loved ones a quality food without all the fillers that are in other foods .
 I 've been feeding my small dog this food for 4ish years now , only switching to something else when I have n't been able to find this brand . I always want to switch back immediately - I wo n't get too graphic , but in the words of the dog trainer who recommended this food to me initially , `` it will make your dog 's poop bounce ! '' Definitely a plus for any owner of a pup with a sensitive stomach . I add a little bit of plain canned pumpkin to her food , and I 've almost completely eliminated her stomach problems . Highly recommended !
 I am kind of obsessed with my little shih tzu and spent days researching dog food reviews , content etc. . This product stands out to be one of the best products available for dogs . I do combine this with another dog food -LRB- Orijen - but because of its high protein content my dog ca n't tolerate a full meal of it on its own -RRB- , but Artemis is my dogs staple diet for the past year or more since its high quality , solid content , and it agrees with him.If you want only the best for your dog , then this is it .
 My dogs , 4 doxies and a Yorkie had been on Wellness , Innova , Canidae , and Evangers , when I try this food they want to eat all the time and eat it all , My Yorkie is only 3 lbs and very ficniky eater , never more since I am feeding them Artemis small breed adult.Top of the line food . The best in the market today
 This dog food is excellent . I fed my two dogs and they ate it up as though they were starving , which they were not . The ingredients are the best I have found so far and I have ordered top quality food before , but none as good as this . Highly recommended for your best friends .
 i also have a shih tzu and this food is great for him . his stomach is so sensitive and he wasnt a fan of few other brands i tried . it is kind of hard to find in retail stores , but because its less filler , i find that the bag goes a long way
 My dog is also doing very well on this food , despite her tempermental stomach , and seemed to adjust to it almost instantly , without the usual intestinal issues that go along with changing foods . I 'm using this food , some supplemental homemade food , several supplements from VetriScience , and cranberry , which controls her tendency toward bladder infections -LRB- every time I run out of it and she 's off the cranberry for a while , the problems come back -RRB- . I chose this food mainly because of my discovery , during my previous dog 's struggle with cancer , that there is a preservative called ethoxyquin used in most dog food fish meal that is known cause cancer . Artemis is supposedly one of the few foods that does n't use this . I am willing to pay extra to ensure that my dog lives as long and healthy a life as possible . Right now she is brimming with energy and attitude , as a proper terrier should be , and I presume this food has had a role in making this possible .
 I HAVE SIX DOGS . I USE THIS WHERE THEY `` GO '' OUTSIDE AND THE URINE ODOR IS GONE AND IN ITS PLACE IS A NICE CLEAN SMELL . I USE IT INDOORS FOR ACCIDENTS , AS WELL . I LOVE THIS PRODUCT . BUYING IT FROM AMAZON SAVES ME $ 10.00 A GALLON . I ORDER THREE AT A TIME . THIS IS AN A-1 PRODUCT . AT LONG LAST.IRENE PUTNAM
 This product and the device that sprays it every 20-30 minutes is great . Several different scents , not strong but pleasant smelling .
 I have a 4 gallon cube aquarium , I 've had it for over 10 years , and am replacing the old - falling apart plants in it . This plant is a nice size for my cube , right height I wanted , I like to use diffrent height plants to make it look and feel more natrual for the fish . This plant is realistic looking & works great !
 This dress is absolutely adorable !! My Schnauzer looks so cute in it !!
 The toy is large and colourful . It is easy to hang in the cage . Only problem is it is put together with rope instead of chain and the birds tend to break the toy by cutting the rope with their beeks first . Once the toy is apart they are not really interested in the pieces .
 I have a large Molucann Cockatoo . She destroyed this toy in 48 hours . The only complaint I have is that the hang down pieces were strung on rope and not chain . XL birds bite right through the rope . Well worth the money though ... she had a blast with it .
 This is the only line of grooming products I use on my dog at home . The bottles are a great design , but the products themselves are amazing . They 're a unique line of super premium shampoos , conditoners , and herbal treatments for dogs and cats featuring 100 % FAIR TRADE , ORGANIC Nilotica Shea Butter . We have used the oatmeal and lanolin shampoo , which is wonderful for dry skin , hair , and soothing irritated skin . Recently we switched to the sulfate-free shea butter , which is gentler for more sensitive allergy-prone skin . It also does n't irritate my dogs eyes . The SheaPet Butter Conditioner with Allantoin & Tea Tree Oil conditions and moisturizes my dog 's skin and coat with out leaving heavy residues . I love the light scent , perfect for someone who has allergies or asthma that can be triggered my strong perfumes . I love the Herbal Moisturizing Treatment with Shea Butter & Tea Tree Oil spray for in between baths . It conditions and soothes dry itchy skin , neutralizes odors and deters fleas naturally . The Treatment Balm with Shea Butter & Aloe is great , it provides fast relief for dry , itchy skin , eczema , hot spots , abrasions and irritations while promoting healing . We use it for any dry spots or to moisturize her paws . Their website says the approximate number of washes per 18oz bottle 25 for small dogs , 15 for medium , and 10 for large dogs . The bottle sizes are great for my tiny perpetually puppy size dog , they last a good four months bathing her regularly weekly using liberal amounts of products . This is a great line of products for any pampered pooch .
 I have two poodles and one has allergies , we tried allergy shots , Atopica treatments , diet change etc. ... . And have spent tons of dollars trying to figure out what was wrong with my dogs . I realized it was the shampoo , this shampoo is expensive but worth every penny . This shampoo is all natural and has done wonders on my dogs . Poodles do not shed and there hair ranges from soft to very coarse this shampoo does n't dry them out at all and they smell wonderful .
 This is the only shampoo I use on my 2 shelties , with very thick undercoats and long outer coats . Their coats are not unusually oily or dry . It leaves their coats shiny and the oatmeal is soothing to their skin . It does not have much of an odor , which I 'm assuming is a plus for them . -LRB- Unless it smells like squirell , they 're probably not interested ! -RRB- The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars , is due to the price , as it is high . However , it is concentrated and I do not follow the directions to mix up a dilute solution . The value would be higher if you followed the directions exactly , which I do not .
 We use this product for laboratory projects . We have been through several different cheap gang valves , and these are the best so far . They are the closest to our laboratory-grade flow meters that we have found .
 Expect cheap plastic of this b/c of the low price but when I got it , it looks like a $ 20 value . takes 4 airline that you can control the flow with extra one at bottom -LRB- no control -RRB- . Even if you uses only two lines , it is still a great buy so you never need to buy any splitter in the future .
 This is the best airflow valve i have ever seen ! It controls the air very nice and the quality is very strong i like this alot 10/10 kep up the good work !!!! Worth the price . Please buy this item if you need it .
 I love this product . Reliable , has n't failed since I bought it in over 4 months I think . Scale buids up on it though but it is easily removed . COntrollable , plastic might not appeal to everyone . For reference , Made in china
 I received my order quickly . My son who is 12 yrs old installed each of these on our tanks . It was very easy to install and very convenient to control airflow .
 I use the Zoom Groom all the time . It can be used on most coats during bathing to remove undercoat . However , if using for brushing out undercoat when the dog is dry , it is best for shorthair dogs .
 At the do-it-yourself dog wash , I had the chance to brush my pug/beagle mix with the zoom groom before her bath , then used it to work in the shampoo , and could n't help but buy one on our way out . I love this brush , it is terrific . I had tried 3 brushes on Hannah 's short fur , but she was shedding terribly . We spend a few minutes outside each week with the Kong Zoom Groom and the fur inside the house has been greatly reduced !
 Zoom grooms are by far the best grooming tool . I only have used it on short hair dogs , but have never found a better product .
 My dog -LRB- medium-length wire coat -RRB- loooooooves getting brushed with the Zoom Groom . As soon as I start brushing her , she lies down and relaxes and she 'll roll around so I can get everywhere . She even lets me do her tail which she generally does n't like being touched.The Zoom Groom pulls out a TON of hair with every stroke . It is far and away the best brush I 've ever used on her in terms of ease , comfort , and effectiveness . We 've tried a rake , shedding blade , comb , bristle , pin , the Shed-Ender , etc. . The Shed-Ender also worked well , but she did n't like it because no matter how careful I was , it pulled at her skin . In addition , you can only do a tiny little section with each stroke.I also use this in the bath and it works great . She does not care for baths , so anything that speeds the process up is wonderful . Her coat is kinda waterproof , and when I use the Zoom Groom it 's much easier to get her soaked to her skin . It also gets the shampoo worked through her coat much better than I can do with my hands , and I use it when rinsing to make sure the shampoo 's rinsed clean off.Another bonus point - this product is cheap and it will last forever . Try it ; you 'll love it .
 After seeing a YouTube video/interview about New Life Spectrum food I decided to give it a try . I 'm very glad I did ! My fish look great , with radiant color and healthy , active behavior . I feed it to heterandria Formosa -LRB- quite picky buggers -RRB- , danio choprae , furcata rainbows , and various micro fish . They all eat with gusto -- only the skittish least killifish allow it to sink at all , the others grab on the surface voraciously.Note this is really a lot of food -- it is a small jar , but it 's small feed and little fish do n't need a lot -LRB- I feed only what they can eat in 30 sec -RRB- ... It will last a long time , as long as you do n't leave it out on the counter and let your dog snatch it ... ! Yes , my dog apparently likes it , also .
 Since I like the small tetras , I fed this food and they loved it . Right now it is THE diet of my small goldfish who serves as a companion to my Koi . I highly recommend it.New Life Spectrum Small Fish Formula .5 mm Sinking Pellet Fish Food
 I have major itching due to liver disease and not due to excessively dry skin . It is true that the only active ingredient is Menthol though there are many other ingredients that are not classified as active . I had tried the old standby , cortizone creams and they had minimal to no effect . I had tried Caladryl liquid which had a small effect and anti histamine capsules which had some effect but not enopugh to allow me to sleep . I then tried this spray but I used it only prior to retiring . Voila , enough relief that I could sleep and the relief occured quite quickly -LRB- the menthol , no doubt -RRB- . Why I had this good result I can not say , but in my case with my condition it worked extremely well where other remedies had failed.If other remedies have failed , you might try this .
 I have a phantom itch on my right arm that comes and goes for what ever reason is unknown . I have been to a few dermatologists and they are the ones that called it a phantom itch , meaning they really do n't know why it happens . I was prescribed a few different creams and lotions from them and it helped just a little . I tried every cream & lotion on the shelves at Wal Mart , CVS , Eckerds ect . ect . and nothing worked.My Dad saw this online one day & ordered it for me , it was like a miracle , it stopped the itch for 3 - 4 hours at a time and sometimes longer . Now with my experience with this , you have to spray it on about 3-4 times and it WORKS.My itch may go away for 6-8 months , but it will always come back in the same area and last for 2-3 months , I would guess I tried 20 different creams , lotions , sprays and this is the only one that WORKED . It was a Godsend .
 this item may not work for everyone . need to try it and see . it works just great for me . nice to be able and spray my itchy back as no one else is around to do it for me . I spray in the AM and it lasts all day and night .
 I have a Yellow Nape Amazon that really loved this toy from the minute he laid eyes on it , however the center bridge that connects the 2 balls on either end was chewed in half in roughly 2 hours . So just be aware that the fun will probably be short lived .
 The enzyme has become hard to find around town . It breaks down the waste and stops the smell . It beats using bags for yard clean up .
 I know a lot of people are looking for nutrition , not whether &#34; fish like it . &#34; This product has both ! Excellent nutrition and most of my fish eat it quite happily . A couple will eat it but prefer API Tropical Flake . Flakes are not suitable for some fish such as goldfish , as swallowing air while eating can cause them swimbladder issues . This is a pellet so that issue is avoided .
 I bought this to get a good sinking food for my community tank and my fish are loving it . My fish go crazy for this food whenever I feed them .
 This is an amazing well balanced food . I particularly like the size pellet this is . . though as a fair warning it 's VERY small stuff ! Works great for my very large angelfish , however , as they have pretty small mouths . This one floats , though I know other NLS foods sink pretty quickly , depending on the size of the pellet , I am assuming . Worth the money , and I wo n't likely buy my fish anything else . My two angels also grew drastically after I began using it , even though they had been crawling along in development prior . Could be coincidence , but who knows ! Also , ordering it from Amazon saved me a bit , because only one local store carries this brand and they charge more than what I paid for the food and the shipping combined .
 I met the man who developed this ingeneous product . He owns a shop in Albany , CA and spent his life in the tropics . He developed this product as a direct result of his experience with fish of all types . New Life gives fish the gourmet treatment and enhances their colors ; beautiful stuff ! This is the only way to treat your fish ; if you love them , you 'll give them New Life Spectrum for their meals .
 I 've bought many foods for my small fish -LRB- betta and mollies -RRB- , but this food is their favorite . They absolutely adore it .
 I am very pleased with this stand -LRB- I ordered two -RRB- with one exception . The way the item is packaged from the manufacturer was inadequate to protect the item during shipping . In one of the boxes the bag for the screws broke open . I thought some were missing as there were holes in the box but all were there . Both items had some scratches and rust . I think this happened because there was n't any sort of padding between the parts . Most of the rust cleaned off and was n't serious enough for me to want to return them . They shipped from seperate locations and both items had the issue . They assembled very easily and work very well even though my cages are not made by the same manufacturer .
 I keep these in a glass jar and have trained my rabbits to come back to their cage at night by shaking the jar . They come running , get two Nibble Rings each , and that is their bedtime treat .
 My last bunny absolutely loved these treats , and I felt better about giving these to him as opposed to yogurt drops . He would come running when he heard the bag being opened , and then jump into his cage and look at me expectantly . Easy treat to use for training ! My young bunnies also like them , and I will use them to train them in the same way .
 Vitakraft nibble rings have been a great addition to my rabbits diet . They eat them daily and alot ! Not only do they add to their nutrition needs , they help with their teething issues . Not a day goes by that they are without their nibble rings ! Great product and they make our rabbits happy ! I feel confident giving them Vitakraft nibble rings and will continue to do so !
 Vitakraft Nibble Rings - great treats for our pet rabbit . The prices at Allpet were reasonable in cost and much better than buying at a pet store . Delivered quickly and on time . It would be nice to pay free shipping for certain purchases on this website .
 My rabbits love these , so its a good thing that so many come to a box . While rabbits should n't have alfalfa everyday , it makes a nice treat that they love . These rings are a nice size for average size bunnies , 5lbs .
 Good sturdy collar . I have a GSD and it 's been really good for walk training . Wish I got a longer one because he 's still growing.Thanks !
 I own four dogs . Two chows and two siberian huskies . I use this product to digest their waste and have used it for over one year . It works !
 Great product !!!! Use this product in doggy Do and is just great . Good Product .
 Does what it claims . Using it on my new dog poop composter . Two dogs , one 25 pounds and the other 45 pounds . So far , using 1 tablespoon of this weekly and a bucket or two of water a day is keeping up with their production .
 It appears there are many factors to consider with this product . After two years now , I think it still works for us.Our 100 pound Swissy has a diet of California Natural + leftovers from our toddler 's plate . Along with enough water , powder and warmer temps we do n't have a problem with clogging -LRB- we have the Doggie Dooley 3000 -RRB- . As far as the Doggie Dooley 3000 , we followed the directions and dug the hole 4 feet down . Soil drainage in Chicago seems good . Our dog gets walked a lot so the Dooley probably gets used 1/4 of the time .
 So far this is the best product to keep ticks off my dog . I live in a wooded area with deer , etc. , and it is great . Works for the full 5 months .
 good product , no rash or irritation . slips on and off in seconds . The rest of this message is to fill in the 20 character requirement , sorry .
 Adams has been killing and controlling fleas for a long time . We are professional breeders and the only time we use another product is when Adams products are out of stock .
 So glad I ordered this . The collar is wonderful . Shipping was very quick . Especially exicted that it will last 5 months . You ca n't beat that .
 So far , so good . I have no complaints -LRB- yet -RRB- and have n't seen a flea on my dog since I put it on him . I hope it lasts as long as advertised .
 item arrived at post office very fast.i have a chow chow and a husky chow mix , both very large dogs.i had better luck with the flea collars fitting my dogs , than i do going to the store and purchasing
 I love Adams flea and tick killer . Works great ! Got my items fast . An such a great price compared to local stores !
 At first , the smell of the collar was overwhleming . If I was in a small area with my dog I would get so stuffed up I could n't breathe well . I assume that with any collar , you still need to use other products to keep your pet pest-free -LRB- i.e. shampoos , sprays -RRB- , and this collar is the same . It 's mot 100 % effective , but when you use other pest killing products in your pet 's grooming routine this works fine.Shipped fast ... I am pleased .
 Very nice company to work with . Had a problem with a wrong placement of an order . They tookcare of it right away . Nice to deal with a company that works with customers ...
 I am the mom of 2 rather large red-earred slider turtles acquired 2 years ago when they were tiny . . -LRB- go figure ~ I am a cat person by nature -RRB- By trial and error I learned what food they like and it was getting expensive , buying 2 oz . bags for $ 3.59 at pet store ; I discovered that Amazon carries reptile products and purchased 2.2 lb of Hakari Turtle Sticks at a considerable savings . . my turtles love it and I am so thrilled with the convenience of shopping at Amazon as well as the great price ...
 I have two red-eared sliders and they LOVE this food ! They go after it with as much gusto as they go for their treats -LRB- like krill -RRB- . I tried a small bag from a pet shop at home and they loved it so much that I had to buy this large bag online . I definitely recommend trying this food for your turtles !
 I am very pleased with this stand -LRB- I ordered two -RRB- with one exception . The way the item is packaged from the manufacturer was inadequate to protect the item during shipping . In one of the boxes the bag for the screws broke open . I thought some were missing as there were holes in the box but all were there . Both items had some scratches and rust . I think this happened because there was n't any sort of padding between the parts . Most of the rust cleaned off and was n't serious enough for me to want to return them . They shipped from seperate locations and both items had the issue . They assembled very easily and work very well even though my cages are not made by the same manufacturer .
 I often buy this for my little dog , as the nutrients are similar and it 's small size is easy for her to eat . She has allergies , etc. and this food really helps .
 These are probably the most expensive cat treats I would ever consider buying for a single package . For the cost though , I think it is an amazing deal . I chose this flavor over the others available because the green-lipped mussel has a `` higher function '' as an ingredient . It is a natural source of glucosamine and chondroitin which supports joint health . I prefer for my cats to get the ` supplement ' as naturally as possible , if possible , and not manufactured.As of the date of this review , the ingredients for this flavor reads as
 I bought this heating pad for my Pacman frog , Conan . It keeps his tank nice and warm and sticks really well . The heat helps to make the water evaporate and condensate onto the foliage and walls and the humidity level went up a lot . His tank looks great -LRB- If I were a frog -RRB- . All I did was stick it on and plug it in and I have n't had any problems yet . I have had it for about 6 months and I am very satisfied and would recommend this product to everyone.Make sure that your tank has space below it for a heating pad before you buy this . Maybe buy some spacers or something if it does not ? Whatever is recommended , just be safe !
 Works really well . A little on the hot side , actually , so make sure you have some sort of bedding for your reptile 's cage , otherwise the bottom of the tank where the heating pad is might burn your pet/be too hot for comfort .
 Works as advertised . Using with coconut fiber bedding of about 1.5 inches and keeps every warm for the Pacman frog . He like loves to burrow .
 This works exactly as it should . I should have done the math before buying . The place I 'm using this is really too large for this model . Will probably order another one to assist in heating the area .
 I love these ! I have a 40 gallon black backed hex and these are great . My eel like loaches swim in and out of them , my frog and shrimp sit on the cliffs and recently the swordtails are using them a lot . Am ordering another set , the Amazon price is better than I paid last time .
 I 've been getting this product in 4oz bottles from my Vet . I found the same product in a 12oz size on Amazon for about the same price I paid my vet for 1/3 the amount . Wow !
 I have a black Lab that needed its ears cleaned regularly . The Vet made it sounded that this was a product that you needed a prescription for which is not true . Save your money and buy on-line . Watch the expiration date on the bottle . The product is great for regular cleaning . Check with your Vet if this product is right for your pet .
 If your dog has floppy ears , they need to be cleaned once a week to prevent yeast growth and wax build up . I found this out 9 months after adopting my beagle . This is THE cleaner ! WAY less expensive then the 4 oz bottle I purchased from the vet !
 This is by far the best to clean with , it works so well and if the dog 's ears are sensitive or have scratches , it does n't hurt them . Highly recommended product !
 I was n't sure if this product would work but it 's great . The two dogs I have now seem to have bad breath . That 's how they came to me when I adopted them from the local shelter . Changing them to a high quality food did n't seem to help so I tried this . When I got the product , I tried a few drops on their tongue and it worked almost immediately . It is simple to put a few drops in their food too . This company ships quickly and it arrives in good shape .
 Wow ! Just a couple of drops of this breath freshener made my dog 's bad breath fresh for hours .
 This works great !! My dachshund occasionally will try to eat lizards on the patio and then his breath is terrible ! This works wonders !!
 Use daily while brushing teeth . Keeps the precious pooch 's breath fresh , fresh , fresh ! As precious pooch and I share close quarters , fresh breath is essential !
 I ordered a pair of these bowls and they are just the right size for my cat . The fun design is amusing . I appreciate that the bowl is dishwasher safe .
 It 's nice to have found a bowl suitable for a larger cat , as most cat bowls only hold a few spoonfuls of food . The other great thing is that the bowl has a bit of weight to it , so it does not get pushed around when kitty eats . Very cute too !
 If you have a ` wacky ' feline in your life ... this dish is for them . It 's a Purrr-fect gift for someone who ` purrs ' . It arrived REAL QUICK to my doorstep and in Purrrr-fect condition . Great seller .
 My cat was scooping his food and making somewhat of a mess with his smaller dish . My friend suggested I get a wider bowl for him and I bought him this one . No more food mess and it matches my kitchen -LRB- a little added bonus -RRB- . It is easy to clean and does n't scoot around on the floor when my cat is eating .
 We were unsure about this item , but it 's much cuter in person and a brighter yellow than it looks here . Perfect pet bowl ! Also a nice size - not too big and not too small .
 My cat loves her pet bowl . Its super easy to clean . After using it , soak it for a few minutes in the water and it comes right out . And I love the color and the design .
 My cats , Annie and Betsy , love these dishes . They are just the right size for a few days worth of their dry food . They are also easy to clean .
 I 've had this bowl for a couple of years now . I use it for water for my two cats . It 's heavy enough so they do n't move it around when drinking from it . I highly recommend it , in fact , I 'm getting another for another location in my house !
 love it . my cats face is kinda big , so this bowl works fantastic . would purchase this item again . quality bowl .
 Great fit I actually use this on my dogs to cut their nails , they are Chinese Cresteds and without this muzzle I must bring them to a vet and pay more than the cost of the muzzle one time .
 I 'll be the first to admit that I do n't groom my dog as often as I should.I purchased this after my vet used it to check for possible causes of my dog 's itchy skin . -LRB- No fleas , just itchy from allergies . -RRB- Just a few swipes with this comb and my dog 's coarse winter coat was easily groomed away ! -LRB- Three large tufts of fur were collected . -RRB- His coat looked shiny and this helps distribute the oil through his coat . Odd that we are using a flea comb to groom the beagle , but it works great !
 We have two young puppies and we did n't want to use flea treatments on them yet . We have had some success but we forget to comb them regularly . After the puppies are grown , we 'll go to Advantix to control the fleas .
 I actually ordered the wrong comb and needed one with the &#34; teeth &#34; closer together . The comb was not expensive and the company was AWESOME to work with !! Thanks
 I got this for extra flea removal , it is too big for that , but the dogs love it nonetheless . I also got one of the fine ones for fleas .
 What more can I say except that my dog loves this treat . She works hard for them when used in clicker training . I 'd recommend to any other dog owner as well .
 These treats are reasonably priced , high quality , and great for training . The ones on the bottom can be crumbly but it 's handy that they 're easy to break up . All of our -LRB- four -RRB- dogs love them :-RRB- .
 Came quickly . Fits great and works well . My dog has always had a harness , and I tried another brand , it did n't work . This one makes it possible for him to sit or lie down and still be fastened in .
 My oh-so-spoilt , fussy little dogs LOVE this wonderful new treat and I feel good about feeding it to my dogs because it is all-natural without any fillers or grains . Works great for those of us advocating feeding our pets raw , minimally processed , natural food . The texture is soft and the small-sized pieces are easily managed by even little dogs . I feed my dogs a varied diet that includes these treats and also the Ziwi Peak line of daily dog cuisine .
 This is a top-notch company & my dogs love their treats . These are the most sought after treat for my 2 labs ; they make ones that have clams in them and the dogs love those even more . This company is based in New Zealand and I do n't prefer to buy things that are from so far away ... but their quality is the best ; if I could afford their soft food I would buy that as well ; it is not available locally . Currently my dogs eat EVO grain free.Anyway , have a good day & enjoy your dogs every moment you can ...
 From Australia , where I 've never read of problems from . Pricey , but worth it . Add to food for eating incentive , if needed . Or just a treat . Fab .
 Our dog loves these treats . He is diabetic and had to move beyond the typical grain based dog biscuit . These treats rock .
 I have a very picky dog so need to be careful of what I buy . He really likes this and I would purchase again
 We have a large -LRB- 20 # -RRB- long-haired cat , and she needs regular grooming due to her massive amount of hair . I purchased the muzzle as an almost `` last resort '' to help us groom her . Previously , I was bitten while trying to groom her , and ended up in the emergency room hours later with infection and red streaks already showing up on my arm . Needless to say after the emergency room visit and 2 weeks of antibiotics , it would have been much cheaper to take her to a groomer ... and have her shaved ... which we did . Now , she gets a haircut once or twice a year , but in between visits to her beautician , I am able to brush and comb her by using the muzzle to help prevent new injury to myself . She does n't seem to mind the muzzle , and is pretty relaxed wearing it for the most part . If she gets upset , though she can work her way out of it , so caution is still in order . It might work better on shorthaired cats , due to being able to snug it up better . She has a thick neck and lots of long hair , so it 's hard to keep it in place . Short sessions work best , and she 's pretty content with the muzzle and the grooming then .
 I use this as a daily grooming comb for my `` mutt '' cat -- she 's technically a shorthair , but the fur is longish to the point that people will occasionally ask if she 's a Persian . In addition , both the coarser outercoat and the very fine but dense undercoat shed tremendously.I first encountered this comb brand when she was a kitten and the vet used it to demonstrate how much loose fur we were missing when we groomed her with a no-name discount store `` cat brush . '' He had these combs for sale so I bought one on the spot . Now , 10 years later , I needed a second comb -- not because anything was wrong with the first one , but to resolve a household dispute over whether the comb should be in my room , where I usually groom my cat , or in another house area where it would be accessible to everyone else . -LRB- I know , fascinating . -RRB- So I bought this.As it turns out the comb I already had was not the `` extra fine '' like this , but the effect is pretty much the same . The only difference is that I have to pull fur off the comb teeth more frequently as I 'm grooming -- otherwise the comb teeth get slightly bent apart due to spaces between them being so narrow compared to the size of the loose fur clumps . This might be an issue if your pet 's coat is very thick or coarse , but in that case I would still recommend this comb albeit in a different size . It 's sturdy , effective , and pretty easy to clean .
 We have enjoyed cats as part of our family for many years but a few years ago after the last of three cats died we decided we might just be getting a little too old to care for another cat . The most surprising thing about that nonsensical argument was that it worked for just over seven years until a life changing event occurred at the car dealership where I take our cars for service . While waiting for my car to be serviced I was strolling around looking at cars on the lot when I noticed a very small black and white clump under one car that had to be a kitten.I walked over to the clump and sure enough it was not only a kitten but one of the cutest kittens I had ever seen and I knew I was in trouble . It turns out the kitten had been abandoned for about two weeks and when one of the salesmen asked if I wanted a cat I did n't say no ; instead I called home and talked with my wife to see if we were both willing to change our minds about adding another member to our small family of two . That was almost three years ago and this kitten has grown into a beloved member of the family and is a continuing source of joy to both of us.I mention that only to let the reader know the writer is a serious fancier of cats and wants the best for any cat member of the family.Now about the comb , it works perfectly and the first time we used it we removed over a dozen fleas from our kitty and the second time almost that many more . For the life of us we do n't know how the kitty got fleas as she is strictly a house cat and never goes out . Previously when we had cats we used a different flea comb and would drop the fleas removed into a cup of rubbing alcohol but my wife read that soapy water would do the trick so we are using that this time around and it seems to be working.I did notice the comb seemed to remove loose fur but that is n't all bad as it needs to come off anyway . We are pleased with the comb and are thinking about getting a second one for the opposite end of the house .
 I 've used these `` Four Paws extra fine flea combs '' for years . The extra fine comb -LRB- # 113 -RRB- works well for my two small dogs with fine hair , and I prefer them over the more expensive , molded handle styles .
 I used the safari brand combs -LRB- double row comb and a wood handled comb -RRB- , I used thenon-handle combs from chain pet store . Those combs involved scraping and combingover and again the same spot to dislodge the fleas . Then assuming they combedout the flea you have dark colored plastic to spot the dark colored flea againstwhen getting the flea out of the comb . Those combs made the job harder thanit needed to be compared to this Pet Comb.This flea comb `` Pet Comb for flea removal , fine '' was the easiest comb ever to useand no fleas could escape the single pass through of the comb . I wish I knew aboutthis comb sooner , it made flea removal so easy without having to bathe the dog.All I had to do was comb my dog and remove the fleas into a soapy water dish , and used a toothpick to slide the flea out of the teeth while holding the combin the soapy water . I like how the fleas get stuck in the teeth of this combwhether they are the narrow black small cat fleas or the flatter w/big rear brown/reddog fleas.This comb is all metal and the light silvery color makes it easy to see the fleasthat are stuck at the base where the teeth are attached to the comb . Also , unlikethe safari wood handle comb that rusted the first week I had it , this Pet Combhad many uses and did n't rust yet.I used this comb on a dog with a double thick coat that I brushed out first to removethe loose undercoat hair and make sure the comb would be able to get through hiscoat first before I used the Pet Comb to remove the fleas . I feel this Pet Comb helpsyou do a thorough job , and is faster overall to use than other flea combs because itworks so well . `` Pet Comb for flea removal , fine '' is the best flea comb , other combs area waste of time and money . Most important , your dog will be happy you use this comb
 THE BEST COMB no others compare.The big national pet chains dont carry this type of comb . I lost the one I had for years and finally found this online . Didnt know I had a flea explosion because I was forced to use a stupid little plastic comb bought at PetS * t . If it wasnt for the metal comb I would setting off flea bombs in the house !
 It is very good comb . I tried to use it to catch flea , but none of them , maybe my dog does n't have any . It is very good to brush the loose hair .
 I have an older long haired cat who is having difficulty keeping her fur groomed now so I comb her almost every day . She loves this comb . It is FINE hair and she does n't have fine hair but butts her head against my hand if I stop combing her.It has silver teeth which makes it easy to see fleas and dirt which with black combs , it is more difficult.This is a great flea comb and a great grooming comb . It is all metal so easy to keep clean .
 I use a flea comb all the time to diagnose fleas and skin problems . I like the metal ones because they stand up to constant use . I have been looking for this type for some time and this one is what I wanted .
 I bought this due to the reviews and they were right that this does the job catching fleas by trapping them between the narrow blades . Hopefully it wont rust after a couple of washes without drying it .
 Very good product , I was able to catch quite a few fleas on my dog after walks . Works pretty good .
 I have long hair and Psoriasis . I often brush my hair standing kinda upside down outside or over the basin . When I have my hair so a comb goes through with no catching I then use a flea comb to comb my scalp of the Psoriasis flakes . I am forever ruining the cats flea comb -LRB- yes , I clean it after each use on the cats , though they very rarely have fleas -RRB- . Most flea-combs teeth catch on me and bend , then I can not use it on them , or me , until I remove the opposing teeth . I purchased a new comb for them , and this one for me . It seems strong enough so far , and I have learned to be more careful since the tiny metal teeth will bend on me.Thank you ... I wish a really strong comb was made with teeth as close as a flea-comb , for people with Psoriasis . I bought one my cats groomer reccommended , but even those teeth are too far apart.At least I am not sharing the cats comb anymore . LOL ... But , then they need it less than I do .
 Great for combing out loads of fleas . Long handle is much better for control and grip than the little mini flea combs . All metal construction makes it sturdy .
 This little flea comb is well made , no plastic , sturdy and not going to be subject to being chewed up ! Will last a life time !
 I 've had other kinds of flea combs for my cats , and they sorta worked . I bought this one because it 's stainless steel , and other reviews said it was OK . My cats are indoor/outdoor , and bring in the fleas , even with flea drops on the back of their head . It takes a while for the insecticide to work on the critters . However , the comb has very fine teeth , and catches the fleas buried deep in the cat 's coat . This year is really bad for the brown fleas , but the comb gets them , and I squish them between my thumbnails . Two of my three cats did n't like to be brushed , but after daily brushing for a week , they now put up with the dumb human . Perhaps they learned that the combing was connected to less scratching ?? Unless I misplace it , this comb will be around for more than a lifetime .
 This is a solid , hefty flea comb which works very well . I recommend this flea comb very highly . I only wish the handle were slightly thicker so the grip would be more comfortable .
 Does what you buy it for ... . Removes fleas.Comb is sturdy and well made . We have yorkies and goes thru their hair easily .
 This is my favorite flea brush for use on my cats . Early on , one tine bent a little so it leaves a bigger space between it and the next tine on one side . Other than that , it 's been perfect . I use it every day , often twice a day .
 I was sent the wrong product by mistake . Petstore immediately sent me the right comb and told me to just keep the one I received in error . Perfect !
 They apparently have gone unvailable . Tell me it 's temporary ! I do n't know what will replace them with my dog who has been spoiled with these exceptional treats .
 The GoodLife Recipe Wholesome Biscuits Medium and Large Dog TreatsOur 40 lb . dog absolutely loves these . Great ingredients .
 This collar is absolutely adorable , but does not stand up to the brute strength of a muscular pit bull neck . I think this collar would do it 's job well on a dog that is n't quite as strong as our pittie girl . She is normally fine on a leash - but when she spots a squirrel , watch out ! When she sets her sights on a squirrel she does n't care how tight the collar is on her neck , she will keep pulling despite the collar . I would recommend this collar for smaller , or less intense pullers .
 This is a great collar , it 's beautiful , and TOUGH . My puppy chews on this collar all the time , -LRB- it 's on another dog -RRB- and you ca n't tell it . . but if it DID get shredded , it would be replaced ... great warranty!The only thing they could do differently is add a quick release , it 's okay to adjust it out to crate the dog etc , but , if something should happen you 'd pretty much have to cut it off . I bet they do n't warranty against that ...
 This collar is amazing and I have been asked by so many people where I found it ... it really does n't slip off ... the one thing to be sure is to order the right size ... this one was a little big for my Corgi ...
 Lupine products are amazing - they hold up well , have great designs , and are guaranteed even if chewed . This is a standard martingale , but the design makes it more fun !
 Lupine makes the best collars around , and the colors are so vivid and bright . I wash my collars in the washing machine , and they are definitely color-fast and do not lose their luster.The great thing about Lupine is that they guarantee their products for life , even if chewed.The Crazy Daisy design is very pretty . The colors are beautiful.I do have a preference for the 1 '' collars , as I like the thick and sturdy look of those , but the 3/4 '' looks good on a narrow neck . Also , if you have a dog that is stubborn or had a narrow head -LRB- like a Basset Hound -RRB- then the `` combo '' collar is for you ! It allows for the collar to be loose on the neck but tighten when you need it most .
 Our ` little ' rottweiler loves her collar
 I love Lupine products . They 're durable , nice-looking collars -LRB- with matching leads -RRB- and made in the USA ! Ca n't beat the quality ! I 've had several of their items for years , and they all hold up very well .
 Love this collar . Just ordered another for another dog . the only drawback is getting it off and on the dog , but it is great for walking .
 Got this in the mail quickly and put it on the dog right away . Love the Lupine -LRB- and 4ft . leash to match -RRB- . Never used a Martingale concept and it is helping with training . Collar is nice and soft which the dog likes and also easy to clean .
 I love this collar on my dog , , , the color o f it matches with my dog `` s so you can see a nice combination !!!
 Have always used the lupine martingale combo dog collars on my young dogs . No way are they going to slip out of their collars . Great training with no choke chain involved . Love the guarantee that Lupine has . Ca n't be beat .
 Our Boston Terriers tends to back out of collars so a martingale collar is a necessity . The second loop for tags makes this a real winner . The first one I bought the the earth collar for our 2 year old Boston and quickly followed it with the Peace collar for our 1 year old puppy . These collars are well made and definitely not the run of the mill ones found in our local pet store yet the price is less . Easy to recommend to others .
 I have trained dogs in obedience for several years . Lupine makes the best training collars on the market ! I have used them on a variety of dogs - Golden Retriever , Labrador Retriever , Cardigan Welsh Corgi , Schnauzer . I recently adopted a Jack Russell Terrier from our local humane society and of course obedience class was the first thing on the agenda for him . I did not have a Lupine the correct size so I started him in class with another brand . Even though it was a martingale type , I quickly realized that it was n't going to work . He only weighs 12 pounds , but he was out of control . I ordered this collar and it made a huge difference . Almost immediately , he was staying in heel position and when he was n't he was easy for me to guide back there . Lupine collars are very humane . Choke collars can damage a dogs throat , but the martingale style of the Lupine gives firm but gentle pressure around the dog 's entire neck . It allows you to control a dog that lunges and they quickly learn to respond to the leash and walk with you with no protest . I particularly like the feature that allows you to slip the collar over the dog 's head without having to deal with the plastic snap buckles that are common today . I always pinch my fingers while trying to use those , especially with a dog that wo n't stand still . The Lupine collars come in a variety of sizes to fit all size dogs . They come in all sorts of colors and designs as well . Lupine collars are durable and will last a lifetime . Lupine products come with a guarantee - if your dog chews through one , Lupine will replace it . If you need a good , durable and effective collar , buy Lupine !
 We loved this collar at first , until the puppy grew . She is a 6-month old puppy so she 's growing like a weed , and this is her 4th collar so far . It is not a 14-20 '' collar as advertised , as Lil 's neck measures 15 '' around and we had to cut the collar off of her since it does n't have a clasp . It would not slide over her head , and we had it adjusted all the way out so I know it does n't expand to 20 '' . This is by far the best style of collar , especially while training , but keep in mind that they do run smaller than advertised .
 This collar is adorable and perfect for my therapy dogs to wear on visits to patients . I got the matching leash . Lupine is excellent quality and guaranteed even if chewed .
 I 've wanted 1 of these for several years but could never get me , it & money in the same place at the same time , so when 1 of my Facebook friends sent me a link for this I was really happy that I could finally get 1 . My dog Shannon walks so much better using this collar than she does on her everyday collar & I have trouble getting her pinch collar on her all the time since she 's squirmy when she sees a leash , so I have a really easy time slipping it over her head to get it on & she does n't want it to come off when the walk is over .
 I really like this collar . It basically works like a prong collar or slip collar . When you need to do a correction it tightens , yet it does not choke your dog . And your dog can not back out of this collar or come apart like a prong collar . It easily slips over your dogs head and easily slips off when you want to remove it.Works Great ! Very happy with the results of this soft collar .
 I love Lupine collars and only get this kind . My dog has always slipped her collar to see another dog or run after a squirrel , but since I have switched to a martingale collar that does n't happen any more . The style is wonderful and it looks great .
 We love this collar ! It 's sturdy , convenient , and beautiful ! We 've gotten many compliments on it !
 This collar is great ! Works well with dogs that like to slip or pull out of regular collars ! Very cute designs , too ! Also , great replacement policy -- if it 's ever damaged , Lupine will always replace it ! Nice !
 At 25 pounds , Wandrdog falls on the cusp between small and medium sized dogs . I prefer to describe her as a large small dog . She wears a 15 '' collar and many collars either go up to 14 '' or start at 16 '' and are either too tight or too large.Most of the time , I have to take her shopping to find the correct fit . Pet stores within dog walking distance of me do n't carry the full variety of sizes and styles and colors to satisfy both dog and dog owner . We are both quite discriminating . When it came time to replace Wandrdog 's old martingale collar and well-gnawed and patched leash , I spotted a chic black and metallic silver , woven nylon leopard pattern leash by Lupine but alas , there were no coordinating collars in the local store.Luckily , Lupine offers a good selection directly from Amazon and with some searching , I was able to locate a martingale collar and matching leashLupine 3/4-Inch Wild Thing 6 - Foot Leadin `` Wild Thing '' , the pattern I wanted . This `` combo collar '' works both as a martingale and a standard collar . It fits over the heard as does a standard martingale but instead of round or D-shaped rings , the smaller martingale loop passes through narrow , squared rings . The leash can either be attached to a D ring on the small loop for use as a martingale , or to a D ring on the large loop when used as a standard collar . I do n't plan to use this as a standard collar but as a martingale , it works extremely well . I purchased the `` w ; 14-20 '' neck size and it was easily adjustable to a perfect fit for Wandrdog 's 15 '' neck.The collar is extremely well made from tightly woven , jacquard nylon webbing . Unlike other manufacturers , Lupine 's designs are woven into the webbing and never printed or sewn on top . The rings are made of welded metal and are strong and secure as is the plastic buckle that adjusts the size . Lupine manufactures its products in Conway , New Hampshire and offers a life time guarantee ... even if chewed.Wandrdog is so pleased with her new collar and leash that she promises that she will never , never chew them ! Well , we will see .
 A nice heavy collar for our Sheltie , received about 4 days after it was ordered .
 I love the way the collar can be used for regular walks , changed in a moment to a training collar for sessions , then back again to regular collar . It works perfectly for my Wheatie . Unfortunately , for smaller dogs -LRB- Coton de Tulear -RRB- it is just too heavy ... Still I recommend this style for anyone with a pet with sensitive skin and hair that gets caught and pulls until it hurts with a regular training collar .
 I 've purchased Lupine collars for the last couple dogs I 've had . I love that they come in several different styles and patterns . This earth day pattern looks cute on my one year old Black lab mix . He is an aggressive chewer and I know that Lupine will replace this collar should he somehow manage to destroy it . The collar , itself , is very durable , and I know it will hold up for many years to come .
 Great collar for my dog . She can pull out of a normal collar sometimes when she gets scared . this hold firm
 I bought this for a doberman mix dog who has a smaller head than neck . She can pull backwards out of a regular collar and can even slip out of a harness at times . This Lupine collar works like a choke chain , only nicer . If the dog tries to back out while on a leash , it tightens harmlessly and keeps the dog secure . Not only that , it is very pretty and looks nice on the dog . Add on the lifetime Lupine guarantee , and I am a very happy customer !
 I 've purchased a number of Lupine martingale collars and leashes for my dogs over the years and will continue to buy their products in the future . Despite their best efforts , my dogs have never managed to break or wear out one of these . They are great quality at a good price .
 The quality is great , I like the design options . Although we have a bit more training to do with our pup to stop the pulling , I can feel safer he wo n't wiggle or back out of the collar .
 We 've had several Lupine dog products and this like previous is very good quality . This particular colar does n't snap together it slips over the dogs head and then has a loop for shoker like capability.Lupine has replaced worn leasshes for us a couple of times now so we decided to try the colars also . Good stuff so far . We 're very pleased .
 I bought this for my chow mix who has escaped out of regular collars . I use a harness for most walks , but wanted an everyday collar that would also prevent escapes . I like that this has 2 o-rings so I can keep her tags on one , but use the center o-ring when I need collar to tighten it 's grip . I would like it even more if it had a quick-release latch for times I need to remove the collar , because she has a big head and I need to loosen the collar to work it over her head without smushing her ears . Still , that 's a minor inconvenience if it prevents escapes .
 Looks great , cleans easily and is very sturdy . Holds up really well to dogs playing rough at the dog park ! I get a lot of compliments on it !
 I had not heard of Lupine collars until I rescued a dog last year and she came with one , I changed the collar to a brand new one that I picked up from a local pet store and a couple weeks later my dog started having a reaction to the collar and had these unsightly hives on her skin . I took her to the vet and after about $ 300 later I found out she ` sreally sensitive and the Lupine collars are the only ones that she does n't have a reaction to . In addition to this , I do n't know any other company that offers a lifetime warranty even if the product is chewed ! The collars are made extremely well , not cheap at all ! and I honestly do n't think I would ever have to use their warranty for anything other than my dogs chewing it .
 Lupine has an awesome thing here , not just a plain collar or a choker , more like a `` pressure '' collar , prevents `` slip out `` or `` choking '' and thier `` even if chewed '' return policy makes the purchase a no brainer . I have had to take advantage of the return policy several times no questions and super fast shipping . KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK LUPINE !!
 I like the colors of this collar . I also like the fact that even my grandkids can hook the lead on and not loose the dog : -RRB-
 I actually like my dog more after putting this good-looking paw-and-crossbones collar on him . He just was n't as handsome before .
 These collars are perfect because they are lose for general wear , but the loop allows for you to walk your dog on a leash without them pulling out of it . I adopted a border collie from a rescue group and she put these on all her rescues . I just adopted another dog and ordered her one of these immediately . Great collar !!
 The lupine dog collar is tough and looks great ! The extra ring on the collar comes in handy for the tags !
 I purchased the 14-20 inch collar for our Redbone Coonhound . It looks great ! Good quality , and it is easy to adjust . A very pretty color too .
 I had won one of these collars about a year ago for my mutt and needed a new collar for my huskie . Since my huskie tends to slip her collar easy I got this one for her . Its great that its loose on her when the dog is just sitting around but when I 'm walking her it tightens up . Its not a choke collar and I love that its made out of material . Very durable .
 I 'd been looking at different Martingale collars for my ACD . This particular collar seems fairly sturdy and looks like it will be able to handle some abuse . Amazon price beat all the local pet shops by $ 10 on average . Arrived with the rest of my order the same week it was ordered .
 First of all , let me say that this is the only dog collar I 'll buy . I got one of these several years ago for my first dog and loved it . It lasted forever , even after my dog passed . I kept it around and used it for my second . Until it broke , if you go to Lupine however they 'll send you a replacement ! It was surprisingly quick too . In the meantime I bought this in the regular not combo , my dog has an odd shaped head and slips right out of those collars though . It was scary ! She almost darted into brooklyn mainstreet traffic!The combo collar prevents this entirely though as it tightens as they pull . It 's not a choker but rather just a prevention . I 'll never order another collar I swear . Plus the ` Woofstock ' is one of the coolest designs we 've ever seen in a dog collar . We get compliments on it all the time ! -LRB- And as the ` child ' of a gay couple , we feel it fits her well . -RRB-
 I was not disappointed with the collar . Looks nice on my greyhound . I would reorder another collar from this line .
 After getting tired of buying collars from the big box pet stores , only for them to fail/tear apart , I decided to try Amazon . The Lupine collars are of the same material as many of the collars you 'll find at your local pet stores/Wally Mart . The collar is of a two piece construction , martin gayle style collar . You can use this collar as a corrective collar , by moving the leash to one of the buckles on the collar , and when you are through using it to train/walk , taking it off or moving the leash to another buckle if you want to use as a standard collar . I 've found that the martin gayle style of collars are best with training for my dogs , some of you may not agree , but I prefer these over the choke chain style . The collar can be used all the time , as the construction of this collar allows several buckles that you can clip tags/licences on to . The difference between this collar and all others is the warranty/guarantee ; LIFETIME , even if you have a pet who chews through the collar ! You can go to lupinepet dot com , they have the guarantee on the bottom of their page , you just mail them the old broken lead -LRB- or collar -RRB- , then they 'll ship it back to you . I have n't had the luxury of having to return one , their products seem very well made . The added knowledge of where it 's made allows you to feel better as all of Lupine products are made in New Hampshire , -LRB- USA -RRB- .
 After getting tired of buying collars from the big box pet stores , only for them to fail/tear apart , I decided to try Amazon . The Lupine collars are of the same material as many of the collars you 'll find at your local pet stores/Wally Mart . The collar is of a two piece construction , martin gayle style collar . You can use this collar as a corrective collar , by moving the leash to one of the buckles on the collar , and when you are through using it to train/walk , taking it off or moving the leash to another buckle if you want to use as a standard collar . I 've found that the martin gayle style of collars are best with training for my dogs , some of you may not agree , but I prefer these over the choke chain style . The collar can be used all the time , as the construction of this collar allows several buckles that you can clip tags/licences on to . The difference between this collar and all others is the warranty/guarantee ; LIFETIME , even if you have a pet who chews through the collar ! You can go to lupinepet dot com , they have the guarantee on the bottom of their page , you just mail them the old broken lead -LRB- or collar -RRB- , then they 'll ship it back to you . I have n't had the luxury of having to return one , their products seem very well made . The added knowledge of where it 's made allows you to feel better as all of Lupine products are made in New Hampshire , -LRB- USA -RRB- .
 Loved the print ; appears very sturdily made . Ordered a medium size , which seems big for our 60-lb dog , so be sure to measure before ordering .
 I was looking for a martingale collar that was attractive -LRB- not just black -RRB- for my 45lb border collie/lab mix . The collar worked out well , and has held up well over the last month or so that she 's had it on . It is a little difficult to take off of her - but the same way that all martigale collars are difficult .
 Very cute collar on our Border Collie puppy . Lupine guarantees all there products even if chewed so you can not go wrong . They are sturdy , well made collars and leashes .
 I work with a rescue and we ONLY use no-slip/martingale type collars . We have learned the hard way - these are the very best for keeping dogs safe , secure and comfortable . I got these for my own dog - figured he would like something a bit jazzier than the plain red or black , and I must say , he looks quite spiffy!So far , the colors and design have held up surprisingly well . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I LOVE this collar !! I recently rescued a 10 month old Catahoula Leopard dog who was a little nervous . He walks great on a leash , but occasionally he will get spooked by something . He would back out of his collar when scared . All he needed was a little coaxing NOT a big metal pinch collar or the clanking of a metal choker . This collar is non-threatening . It does n't hurt the dog . When not on a leash or there 's no tension on the leash it is the same as any other collar . But the great part comes in when the dog tries backing away and slipping out , when properly fitted , it wo n't happen . So you dog will stay safe ! The shipping was super fast and they stand by their product !! Who could ask for anything more than that ?? I got the matching leash so we were stylish as well .
 These collars are not just pretty . They are indestructible ! My dogs have had theirs for several years and they look new . But if you have a powerful chewer and they do damage the collar , you can return it for a new one . I like the `` combo '' collar because it is comfortable and loose when the dogs is relaxed , but tightens up on the neck if you pull in the loop part with your hand or attach the loop to the leash . This prevents the dog from turning and pulling out of his collar . I use these collars when training the dog and my trainer recommends them also . The matching leashes are pretty but a leather lead is better for grip and for the comfort in your hands.My new puppy is black and white and this Wild West pattern looks terrific on him !
 I bought this collar for our border collie/pit mix because she has a tendency to back out of a regular collar and this particular design makes it next to impossible to do so if she starts pulling . She has never been able to get out of it . It has a very cute design and is very well made . I did have to order another regular collar to have her name and our phone number monogrammed onto it since she has twice run off into the woods . So now she wears two collars . While she does have ID tags attached to the martingale collar , she is shy of strangers and it would be easier to read a number off a collar from a distance rather than reaching for tags . I know this from experience by finding someone else 's shy dog ! I love the quality of gear made by this American company . If they ever start monogramming a martingale collar , I would definitely order one !
 I got Lupine products as a last hope when my two puppies repeatedly chewed through collars , harnesses , and leashes . Since they had the replacement guarantee , even if the product is chewed by your own pet , I figured that while the product may not be made of steel like my puppies need , at least I might save some money . The products I ordered were so cute , fit well , and strong . My puppies ' teeth were , as expected , stronger and I quickly was taking advantage of the guarantee . That 's when I realized how wonderful the actual company is . The paper with my information did not make it into the package . After a quick email , they acknowledged having recieved it , put the replacements into the mail immediately , and gave us a recommendation for a product to treat the collars/harnesses with to prevent further chewing . They also said , if it gets chewed again , they 'll gladly replace the products again . The company has been helpful , kind , and patient , and I will be buying many more products from them , and recommending them to everyone . No complaints whatsoever . Lupine is the best !
 Wow . Just received the collars today . I ordered 3 altogether . One in the 1 inch size , and the other two in the smaller 3/4 inch size . They are beautiful . They lay well . Have two large D rings , one for the tags and one for the leash . This is very important , because if the tags are put on the leash D ring , it hangs funny at the choker loop , making it dangerous . I just returned 3 collars yday that lacked the second D ring.Another thing I like about this collar , as compared to the ones I just sent back , is the size of the choker loop . The one I sent back had a huge loop , making it possible to seriously choke . This one , it seems smaller . It ends up tight on the neck , but not choking the `` life out '' of the poor dog :-RRB- I only needed this type of collar due to the fact my dogs -LRB- Standard Poodle , Giant Schnoodle and a Jack Russell -RRB- have smaller heads than they do necks . With a normal collar , if they back up while on lead , the collar can easily slip off . This collar fixes that problem . Awesome product , as the lifetime guarantee proves :-RRB- thank you amazon and Lupine !
 We have two sneaky dogs that need martingale collars for different reasons.Sasha , 22lb , schnauzer mix - she backs out of her collar if she wants to go somewhere else while she 's on a walk . She can slip out of a harness so that wo n't work.Rommel , 20lb , corgi mix - he will chew any collar/harness he can reach . If he does get loose he is very hard to catch.If you go to Petco or the like you can get a plain martingale collar that is an inch thick and not made for a smaller dog . Plus it has no style . These collars are stylish , they are n't one size fits all , plus they have the extra D-ring so it 's just like a regular collar . I guess that 's why they call it a combo collar . That is something I have n't seen with any other company.And best of all , Lupine guarantees their collars and leashes even if they are chewed .
 The Lupine collars were highly recommended to us by the head of the Nat'l Bull Terrier Rescue . She said that they were much better than regular chokers and worked well for the stronger breeds . We bought one and were very impressed . It was comfortable for the dog but effective in pulling her back since it functions like a choke collar . We did have to manually release it a few times -LRB- as other reviewers have stated -RRB- , though I would n't say that it was uncomfortably tight on her when it did `` stick '' . The collars are very well made and clearly very sturdy . The design was really nice too . All told , I would buy Lupine collars again without hesitation !
 Well , our rambunctious Grace loves this ... takes pride in wearing it . It is sturdy , has the convenient two rings
 I 've been purchasing Lupine collars and leashes for years and the company is absolutely amazing . The designs are great and the collars are study . If your dog chews the collar or like my dog is just really hard on it they will replace it . If that 's not customer service I do n't know what it ! The product arrived exactly as described and on time .
 We love the Lupine Woofstock martingale dog collar ! Very sturdy & cute , and it was delivered right on time .
 my dog can tell when this collar is on . it seeems to work well . he ca n't slip her collar .
 I know what I am giving them is safe , treat biscuitsof vegetables and fruits , wow for The Goodlife Recipe !
 This has been our miniature dachshund Harvey 's favorite treat for a few years and now we ca n't find them anywhere . They had great ingredients and every dog we 've ever offered one to just loved them . What gives ... why ca n't we get them now ?
 I only give my dogs wholesome , healthy treats , and these seem to fit the bill . The ingredient list seems quite OK for the most part , even though they are not to the same standards as high end , even healthier brands like ` Wellness ' treats . Nonetheless , these rate fairly high for me , and my Border Collie mix seems to love them .
 My shih tzu poodle , Joey will be 6 yrs . old Christmas and he has very particular tastes and he LOVES Goodlife Recipe Biscuits ! He does not love any other kind . We first tried them with a coupon in a store about 45 mins . away . We ca n't find them anywhere around us and I do not understand this when no other biscuit comes anywhere near these . I was thrilled to find I could order them !
 I have an 85lb Blue Heeler/Shepard mix . When some idiot pulled out in front of me , rather then hitting the back seat she was secured by the seat belt . She fared much better then I did when the air bag release however I couldnt ask for a better item to safely secure my dog . I put my kids in safety belts . . Why wouldnt someone put their dog in one too !
 I have a 73-lb yellow lab named Banana , and this has been a really comfortable way to get her in the car . The fleece internal lining does n't rub or chafe her skin , and there 's a wide area of support so there 's no danger of choking or dislocating any part of her . I 've owned this for over a year now , and washed it about half a dozen times , and it 's still in one good piece . Plus , it 's cool-looking enough to keep on her even when she 's walking around . Great product for dog owners whose dogs get around as much as they do -- perfect for keeping Banana safe on a road trip : -RRB-
 I have had the Four Paws Safety Seat Support Dog Harness in size medium for several years . I use it with my 51 lb shar-pei mix . I was returning home with my dog one weekend in August of 2009 when I was rear-ended . My dog was left unharmed since the harness successfully restrained her from flying forward while riding in the back seat . We were hit in the rear bumper by a car traveling approximately 40 to 45 mph and my car was later declared a total loss .
 Your dog is safe and you can focus on the road while driving without having to worry of what your pet is doing in the backseat , no risk of your dog jumping through out the window.After only 4 times my dog now sits in the backseat and enjoy the ride without trying to jump , -LRB- yes he 's the suicidal type -RRB- and feel relax having him secure .
 Great harness ! Paid $ 14 dollars for it . My dog is 55-65lbs and at a Medium size the harness fits well . Great for car rides with a seat belt loop and for taking him around the city as well . I like that it is more functional rather than fashionable . Not trying to ` dress up ' a dog just keeping him safe ! Try to add a strip of reflective tape to the front for night time runs .
 I like this product , but be aware the sizing could be an issue . I have a Corgi and his girth measures 22-23 '' , which shows as a medium , but it was too loose and too long for him . It was so long it covered his privates , and so loose he could catch his rear foot in it . So , I tried the small , and as I feared it is too tight around girth . The difference between the small and medium is substantial . The small would be snug on a Dachshund and the medium looks like it would be loose on a Labrador ! It 's a shame because I really like the design . So be aware , it definitly does not fit a Corgi !
 I have used the Fours Paws harnesses for awhile for my two German Shepherds , which weigh 110 and 70 pounds , respectively . We do n't go anywhere in the car without them in the harnesses.The key to using these harnesses is to buy an adapter/extender strap to connect the harness to your car 's restraint system , that is a strap which has a clip for the harness at one end and a male seat belt insert at the other . I found such an extender strap at PetSmart . -LRB- It also included an adapter to connect to the LATCH child seat anchor , which is handy in some installations . -RRB- Amazon has something very similar , seePetBuckle Kwik-Connect Tether for the Universal Travel Harness Pet Seat Belt , 1-Inch by 20-InchThe harnesses are comfortable for all-day -LRB- or multi-day -RRB- trips and last a long time . They are easily washed in the machine -LRB- but do n't put them in the dryer -RRB- . The plastic clips which hold the harness on do eventually break and the harness is not guaranteed or easily repaired , which is mildly disappointing.Our big dog has passed away , but I was recently reminded of how important using this harness is
 I have been using this harness for over a year now and it 's great . A lot of other car harness ' out there buckle into a seatbelt -- but it 's just a strap hooked into the seatbelt receiver . This harness is put on the dog and then the full seatbelt is fed through a loop & plugged into the seatbelt receiver . This allows for a safer ride because the dog does n't have as much roaming ability . Still enough movement for the dog to sit , lay down , and sniff out the window . Four paws gets five stars !
 I 've used these harnesses before and a new dog chewed his all up and I ordered this one to replace it . They are comfortable for the dog to wear and they are very secure for the dog . I 'll continue to use this style harness for my dogs .
 these are great for the car , regular dog walking or to help carry a dog . i use it for the latter on my chow-chow who needs help with the stairs . the soft part under the chest is really better than straps because it wo n't cut into them . i also use it in a car . minehas gotten a lot of stress with carrying his weight and it has never popped open on me . this is the second one i bought so i could have a alternate for washing .
 Nice quality , I wish the front would adjust . I have a toy poodle , she has a small chest . It is a little big in front . I did make it as small as it goes for around her chest .
 I was very pleased with product . It was easy to put on and with the fleece lining it seems like it would be comfortable for the dog . My husband , who was skeptical when I bought it , used it again yesterday without my asking him so I was happy about that .
 This is the second car harness that I have tried with my Welsh Terrier puppy and it works perfectly -LRB- unlike the other brand -RRB- . This harness works so well because the seatbelt goes directly through the harness . It is easy for her to sit or lie down , but she can not turn around and get twisted in the belt/harness . The other brand I tried had a short strap that came off of the back of the harness and the seatbelt was supposed to go through the strap . This allowed her to turn around and become twisted in the harness and belt . She now rides comfortably and safely -- we do n't have to worry about her at all .
 I tried other harness , but for my 2 dogs , one 65 pounds and the other 81 pounds , nothing seems to work until I found this harness . Now they travel very comfy and very well protected and I do n't have to worry about them . It is very well constructed and padded in the right places . I love it and most important my dogs love it too !!
 All responsible dog owners should have their dogs in a safety harness when in any vehicle . I think this is one of the best made out there . I like the padded design , and once you know how it works it 's super easy to use . -LRB- It 's not helpful that the picture representation of the product on here is upside down -RRB- My dog stands perfectly to have his `` seatbelt '' put on because he knows it means we 're going somewhere , and it keeps him from dangerously moving around in the car . I would never go without one of these , in fact , I have a spare in my trunk because no dogs are allowed in my car without one .
 I bought one of these a few years ago for my small dog . It came with a six-inch tether that hooked onto the seatbelt . I just bought one again for a friend who has a large dog - no tether . It was ridiculously hard to try to get the seatbelt through the hole in the back -LRB- since the shoulder strap is attached to the lap strap -RRB- . I e-mailed the company and asked where I could get the tether and they said they do n't sell it . I ordered it elsewhere but it 's something that should be included with this product . Otherwise , the dog ca n't move in the seat - they ought to be able to move a little bit so they can get comfortable . It is a well-made product though . My little dog wo n't ride in the car without it .
 We use this vest for more than its intended use . It works just fine , along with a seatbelt , to keep our dog safe in the car . And , it has a nice thick lining which helps keep him warm , as well as secure.In the house , we find the handle on the harness helpful in getting our old dog - and his weak back legs - up and about .
 This is a great harness , easy to fit on the dog , comfortable for him , and so nice to be able to take him from the car and then just walk him with the same harness .
 We purchased this harness six years ago when my Golden Retriever was just a pup . He is now around 80 pounds , and the large harness fits him perfectly . It pulls over the head , so he does n't have to step into it like other similar products we have seen . The seat belt in my SUV easily slips through the loop in the harness , leaving him safe and secure , but also free to sit up or lay down . Having him secure allows me to focus on the road , without the distraction of my dog roaming the car . He wears his every day , and it is still in great condition . I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking to keep their precious pet safe and comfortable .
 I purchased this car harness , when I first brought my puppy home , and now have purchased my 2nd , since she grew out of the first one . I love the extra soft padding around the chest area , and it 's very easy to attach the seatbelt through the loop . It allows the dog to sit or lay in the seat , but not jump around , which I preferred , and now my dog , at only 7 months is a joy to ride in the car with . She knows she has to ride with her harness and she just lies down and enjoys her ride to the park , the vet , or whever . I highly recommend this product !
 I ordered a medium for a lanky medium sized 38lb dog . It 's a little big and can not be tightened much smaller , once tightened it does become looser and needs to be re-tightened . The D ring where the leash hooks onto is toward the rear end of the harness , and since the harness is big for my dog it ends up being at the lower end of her abdomen , so that if i give a pull , it 's pulling from her stomach area -LRB- if that make sense -RRB- and not the chest , so i 'm pulling her sideways . Even if it did fit , the placement of the D ring seems too low . I hooked the leash to the upper metal piece , which is not made for that , but it 's slightly better . The products fabric is soft and comfortable looking with the soft fleece in the right places . This product would be great for use in the car , which is what it appears to be for , but for walking it 's a bit awkward . Appears to be made well . The same harness was sold at a local pet shop for $ 32 and i paid about $ 17 on Amazon .
 Well made harness with nicely padded chest band . I probably need to adjust the fit , my Miniature Pinscher manages to wiggle out of it , she manages this with other styled harnesses too .
 we had an old dog who could not get up on his own or walk without help.This was a godsent . We would not have been able to handle him or keep him alive to almost age 16 without this harness.Highly recommend especially if your dog has arthritis
 I 've been searching for this specific harness for about a year ! I 've used it on my 10 year old dog since he was a pup and he sits perfectly in the seatbelt in my car . I can take him for walks without a collar yanking on just his neck . Keep in mind this is a `` universal '' harness so it 's gon na fit my pit bull differently than my German Shepherd , that 's not a big deal to me because it has adjustable plastic things so you can make it tighter or looser depending on what kind of dog you have . The Harness at the store fits the same way but this one has sturdy thick fleece on the inner side so its not only more comfy but you have more control over your dog Because its thicker . So glad I finally found these &#9829; Thanks to Amazon : -RRB-
 this is a comfy harness for my dog while in the car and it was affordable and simple to use , it meets our needs perfectly !
 Very comfortable for the little dog . Soft and secure to walk dog in as well as harness in the car .
 nice harness , easy to use but I found the fit to run a bit big . i will be ordering the medium for my 50lb samoyed .
 This is a pretty standard gravel vac . Yes , it does have the extra wide head -LRB- in the shape of flattened hose , so its wide width-wise , but narrow height-wise -RRB- , and that does let you get into spots that you otherwise would not be able to reach . I have been using this with a 55 gallon and a 29 gallon tank . The medium size seems to work well.This gravel vac also comes with a nice clip , so you can attach the clip to the bucket that the water is going into and not have to worry about the hose popping up while you are reaching around the tank . If you 've ever had a hose come out of the bucket and spray water over the floor while you 're cleaning a tank , you will recognize how nice a feature this is.Here 's how you get it to work :1 -RRB- Get the water bucket ready and hold the large side of the tube in one hand and the thin end of the tube in another hand .2 -RRB- Submerge the large end in the fish tank so that the tube fills up with water .3 -RRB- Put your finger on the end of the narrow side of the tube .4 -RRB- Raise the fat side of the tube up out of the aquarium just a bit as you let a little bit of air out of the tube from the skinny end with your finger . The action is just like letting a wee bit of air out of something inflatable .5 -RRB- As you raise the fat end and let a bit of air out of the skinny end , you will see the water move through the tube . Do this until the water is right at the skinny end of the tube , almost touching your finger .6 -RRB- By now , much of the water in the fat end will have moved into the tubing . So submerge the fat end into the aquarium again , filling up the whole chamber .7 -RRB- Let the water bubbles in the tubing clear out .8 -RRB- Now put the skinny end into the bucket -LRB- keep that finger on -RRB- , and submerge the fat end in the fish tank .9 -RRB- Remove your finger from the skinny end and the water will spurt out . Viola - your gravel vac is sucking up water.A gravel vac is an essential fish-keeping item , and this is a good one . Get it .
 This product VERY well cleans the gunk from the gravel . I have medium river rock and it works fabulously ! Could n't live without it ! This is a rather large product good for 50 or more gallon tanks as it drains water rather quickly . If you have a smaller tank , choose the equivalent product in the small size . Your fish will thank you .
 These gravel vacs are so much more useful than the crap with narrow mouths that you find in chain stores . My previous one lasted me six years . How come these ca n't be readily found in stores ?
 This is pretty easy to use and it keeps my shar pei from pulling . Make sure you have it adjusted tight enoough at the neck . Undo the neck clasp by pulling the 2 lines apart .
 Let me start by saying that I have two VERY high energy border collie/blue healer dogs , that are both a year old . We LOVE taking them on walks , and have since we first got them when they were 8 weeks old , but now they are MUCH bigger , and are IMPOSSIBLE on their leashes ! I ordered one of these to try out , before spending money on 2 , if it did n't work , and let me tell you , this thing is AWESOME !! It works amazingly on BOTH of our dogs -LRB- one boy , one girl -RRB- , and makes it so I can walk them BOTH by myself now ! -LRB- I ended up ordering a second after I realized how amazing the first one was ! -RRB- I would recommend this to ANYONE with a pulling issues.The only negative thing about this listing is that amazon does n't put the size limitations on there ! I 'm not sure for other dogs , but my dogs both fit nicely in the medium ! : -RRB-
 We purchased this for our 6 month old terrier puppy , we bought a similar product previously that he just ignored and barreled on over . The first time we took him on a walk with this , he immediately behaved and everyone enjoyed their walk , highly recommended .
 This is a great product . A very passive way for your dog to learn not to pull on the leash . A small piece of flat plastic is against their breastbone , so if the dog pulls , it is uncomfortable and they quickly stop . One use and my dogs stopped straining against the leash .
 We bought these about 5 yrs ago for our 2 Australian Shepards who love to pull . I am back to buy them again as 1 no-pull trainer finally broke on the slideable plastic piece that rests on their chest . They greatly reduce the pulling power of our 45 lb dogs . A question I had when trying to purchase through Amazon was what size to get . Could not find the breakdown of Sm , Med , Large anywhere including Four Paws own Web site . I guessed Med & was right . Here is the sizing
 We purchased this dog house for our seven year old yellow Labrador . She loves it and uses it daily . She 's even been so comfortable in it that she sleeps in it at night instead of coming inside the house . She 's just under 100 lbs , and has plenty of room . The house was very easy to assemble and the pieces fit together without any adjustments required . The house floor is n't as sturdy as I might have made it , but my dog does n't seem to mind as long as there is a dog bed in there for her to lay on . Overall , we 're happy with this purchase .
 The previous reviewer does a disservice rating these pads on the number of pads in the package , rather than on the product . These are the best pads I 've found so far . They absorb more liquid than the many other brands I 've tried , minimizing tracking . I highly recommend them !
 I found this product to be very good.It has everything you need for your puppy .
 I used to buy them at the local pet store , same product higher price . Ca n't beat the price I am paying now on line
 These are simply the BEST pads on the market . If you need them , you know it . If you know it , then get these . They are the ONLY ones I 've found that DO N'T leak . They are super absorbant . The 100-pack is the best buy .
 I have used these pads for 5 years now , and once in a great while I will try a different brand just to check them out . It 's not worth it really to try anything else . I always come back to these , I have not found anything as good . I do n't worry about a leak , they absorb so much more then any of the other brands I 've tried . They are durable and do n't rip up like some of them do . The fill does not seperate like some brands either .
 I really love the convenience of delivery for this product . It has great absorbency as well.The only change I would prefer is if the plastic backing would be a color so I could more easily distinguish the bottom from the top .
 I have a senior dog who just recently was house trained . these pads are durable and do not leak even if left for a few hours . i highly recommend .
 My girls really love these , they are sturdy and of good quality . When you take out and lash open they inside does n't fly out like some of the cheaper brand . I do n't give it 5 stars only b/c i wish they came in an XL size !
 We are satisfied with this product . More absorbent than Grid Lock and other pads we have used in the past .
 Have tried many other brands but this is the best . Most other brands will leak from the edge and these do not . A little more expensive but my carpet is well worth the investment . Have been able to get these for $ 9 a 30 pack at a local pet store but when they are not on sale amazon has a great price.UPDATEsince the price has gone up and I have been unable to find these locally I looked for an alternative . I have been able to get BLUE RIBBON brand puppy pads for $ 28 for 200 at walmart and I think they are of similar quality . They ship free with a $ 45 order .
 I 've had trouble training my teacup poodle , but she took right to these . They soak up the liquid and do n't leak . They are large and control the odors .
 I 've tried many different housebreaking pads in search of `` the '' pad . I recently purchased the Little Stinker -LRB- 100-pack -RRB- and so far , they 're working out well . I am pleased with the size , thickness , absorbency and the fact that the pad has odor elimintors.If you are also in search of `` the '' pad , give this brand a try . I recommend it .
 Agree with previous reviews that this is the best pads around . Do wish that the price is not so high as it is a factor in my purchasing another brand that is not as good .
 My puppy came with a sample of one ... We bought some other kind but , she would only use the little Stinker ones :-RRB- I had to call the Pet store to get the name of the kind that they put in thier care packages . . The first time I called , they gave me the wrong name . Anyway what a mess !!! Im glad Im able to order them on line . . Im 2 hours away from the store that I purchused my puppy.ThanksRena
 these are the best training pads on the market , and this is a great price for them . thank you
 Love Love this Miracle Pads , my dogs love to go Potty on them and I love them too because I do not have to change them often , they can last for 3 to 4 days before you can noticed odors . And love the prices.Thank you for a amazing inventions .
 This is the best brand I have found for my little puppy . I 'm very very very satisfied . 100 % recommended
 I use these pads for my chihuahua while I 'm not at home . This are the best pads that I have used . I first used them to train my dog . After I moved , I could no longer find them sold in stores so I bought a brand from Petco . There is such a difference between the two pads . Little Stinker is thicker and absorbs better than the other pads . Also , the pads could be used for a few days without having to change them every day . Once my dog used the other potty pads I had to change them immediately or else they would smell so bad . Just wish the price was n't so high but it is well worth the cost .
 These training/pee pads are like the Bentley 's of pee pads . Nothing comes close in terms of thickness and believe me as I have tried probably 10 different brands of training pads.I was tired of seeing how soaked the cheap-o pads would become after my doggies did their thing on previous pads . Pony up the dough and do it right or do n't do it at all . Boycott Chinese garbage !
 These wee-wee pads are the best I have ever used . I usually have to use two of other brands , but the Little Stinkers are so good , I only have to use one . I have tried many other brands and always come back to these
 We 've tried pads from the major retailers and they all have soaked thru leaving a mess to clean up . Look no further . They may cost a little bit more but well worth it . For reference we have a small Chihuahua . He stays in the utility room all day while we work . He has urinated as much as three times on the pad and no soak thru . Update - found for a much better price at Jeffers Pets , just google their name for the web site .
 Theese pads are without a doubt the most absorbent and quality on the pads market . Other pads I have used cause multiple problems if used for multiple times by pet .
 I have been using this product for some time now and it does not dissanpoint me to this day.The quality meets my 100 percent expectation and I would recommend this product to all who reads this review .
 My dog loves these . They are wider than most pads so they also work better . They 're also super absorbent ! We do n't use any other pads - tried many , and just kept coming back to these .
 I love these pads . I 've tried using other pads and my dog hates them . After using little stinkers for two years , I wo n't try switching again
 Abady is among the very best dog foods available today.Do a little research and you 'll quickly learn that Abady is a great product made by a companywhich actually produce their own food from very high quality ingredients in a way that ensurethey are of benefit and usable by the dogs.I have Scottish Deerhounds and they do great on Abady with some added raw meats and bones.The price may seem high initially , but the dogs need less of it and it 's a lot ! less to pick up after them , a great bonus when keeping very large sighthounds - or any dog for that matter.The dogs ' teeth look great and they never have issues such as itchy skin , bad coats or ear-trouble etc.I 've researched and tried a large number of the super quality foods available , but have yet to find a better drydog food than what Abady is offering.I believe in variation and in feeding as much `` real food '' as possible , and I 've found that with Abady I do notneed to worry about the additives used in most foods.If dog owners would learn not only to read food labels , but also what they really mean -LRB- ie ; if the first ingredientlisted on your dogs food is simply `` chicken '' and the 2nd and 3rd ingredients are corn-products , you are feedinga very large amount of corn vs chicken . Because `` chicken '' is measured as raw weight while the other ingredientsare listed as dry . Not only would this indicate a low quality product , but it also prove the producer is knowinglytrying to mislead the consumer and their own customer base.Why would I trust anything said or claimed by someone I know is making a living from deceit?I do n't . So I buy Abady and know without doubt what 's in their bowls.I 'm very happy to find this food available on Amazon . I even found it available for Prime purchase and free shipping : -RRB- And the dogs are crazy about their food .
 This is pretty easy to use and it keeps my shar pei from pulling . Make sure you have it adjusted tight enoough at the neck . Undo the neck clasp by pulling the 2 lines apart .
 Let me start by saying that I have two VERY high energy border collie/blue healer dogs , that are both a year old . We LOVE taking them on walks , and have since we first got them when they were 8 weeks old , but now they are MUCH bigger , and are IMPOSSIBLE on their leashes ! I ordered one of these to try out , before spending money on 2 , if it did n't work , and let me tell you , this thing is AWESOME !! It works amazingly on BOTH of our dogs -LRB- one boy , one girl -RRB- , and makes it so I can walk them BOTH by myself now ! -LRB- I ended up ordering a second after I realized how amazing the first one was ! -RRB- I would recommend this to ANYONE with a pulling issues.The only negative thing about this listing is that amazon does n't put the size limitations on there ! I 'm not sure for other dogs , but my dogs both fit nicely in the medium ! : -RRB-
 We purchased this for our 6 month old terrier puppy , we bought a similar product previously that he just ignored and barreled on over . The first time we took him on a walk with this , he immediately behaved and everyone enjoyed their walk , highly recommended .
 This is a great product . A very passive way for your dog to learn not to pull on the leash . A small piece of flat plastic is against their breastbone , so if the dog pulls , it is uncomfortable and they quickly stop . One use and my dogs stopped straining against the leash .
 We bought these about 5 yrs ago for our 2 Australian Shepards who love to pull . I am back to buy them again as 1 no-pull trainer finally broke on the slideable plastic piece that rests on their chest . They greatly reduce the pulling power of our 45 lb dogs . A question I had when trying to purchase through Amazon was what size to get . Could not find the breakdown of Sm , Med , Large anywhere including Four Paws own Web site . I guessed Med & was right . Here is the sizing
 No more wadded up grocery bags . No more un-rolling a string of bags -LRB- or re-rolling after you dropped it -RRB- . I can keep a pack in the car door , a purse , the trunk , the kitchen drawer ... . I can take several out of the pack and have them in a pocket -LRB- or lots of different garment pockets -RRB- as they are very thin and lay flat . They 've been in pockets through the wash without any change . They open quickly and easily and can hold a considerable amount . AND they are scented until you can find the trash can . Great price as well . I 'm never caught without now . Terrific product .
 A good poop pick up bag can be important to have . I grow weary of paying a dime per bag with some other products , these are much more economical -LRB- come on , it 's a plastic bag ! -RRB- , and they work great . Handle ties can make all the different when it is 10 degrees outside and your big dog has let loose a nice one . You can tie it with your gloves on , unlike the non handle tie bags . Have n't had a problem with these breaking or being too small . Thank you Precision Pet Products for not ripping us off !
 Im very picky about every aspect of my dogs and this for sure is my favorite poo bag . Even the roll version of these fall short , literally as they are slightly smaller but that makes all the difference between clean hands or not . . When I first started using these bags they were hard to find . Now not even anyone online has them instock and no one knows when they will have more in . . That many online stores have removed them completly from there sites leads me to wonder if there not made any more ?? That would really bum me out . . love these bags , bring them back !!!
 This is definitely my cats ' favorite canned food . I have tried many others , like the ones that have almost exclusively meat , and they have not accepted so well . I have been using this food for years now -LRB- together with Royal Canin dry food -RRB- and my cats look very healthy , with super shinny coats and they are both in shape .
 I do n't know how this house would hold up against our 70 + lb Labrador , but it works great for our ducks!We have 3 pet ducks who need to be protected from predators at night . We had a heck of a time finding a suitable , attractive shelter that did n't cost a fortune - which is why I feel compelled to write this review.Why it 's a good duck house : * Interior is 6.7 sq ft , which works out to 2.2 sq ft per bird for our 3 ducks - an adequate amount of space for overnight confinement . -LRB- They live outside in a pen during the day . -RRB- * Shuttered side window provides ventilation while protecting from predators . * Hinged , latching door provides predator protection - other houses we looked at did n't have a door , we would 've had to rig one up . The top of the door has open bars - you will want to put hardware cloth or something behind the bars to keep critters like ` coons from reaching in and terrorizing your ducks . Make sure to bend the sharp edges of the hardware cloth under so your ducks wo n't get hurt . :-RRB- * Removable roof and floor panels make for easy cleaning - but be advised that while the roof is `` removable '' , it is not hinged . You have to actually unscrew it I believe . We 're going to modify our roof somehow , so we can just lift it up/off -LRB- but there will be a way to lock it down securely on the house -RRB- . * It 's low to the ground - our ducks do n't need a ramp to get in . We did put a board down on the ground in front of the house as a step , but they do n't really need it . They can just hop right in . * Affordable - especially through Amazon w / free shipping.I hope this helps any other duck owners looking for a shelter/coop for their quackers !
 Very attractive doghouse . This can easily crossover as a chicken or duck coop . My chicken coop had an electrical fire . Decided no more heatlamps so got this doghouse because when the birds huddled together in it , it will keep them warm . Just have to add a few things to it to turn it into a functional coop -LRB- add cinder blocks , ramp , shelves , wedge to keep door partially open or cut bottom part of door -RRB- . Was looking at other coops online and this can do the trick for 6 chickens easily . Took my handyman all of a half hour to put together.Update
 After reading the reviews , we decided to try this for our duck coop -LRB- 4 ducks -RRB- . It was put together easily and has worked like a charm for our ducks . We added 1/4 '' hardware mesh on the top of the front door for some extra predator protection . I just ordered another one to work as a house for our turkey chicks .
 The house came neatly packaged and all pieces were there . The house was extreamly easy to put together . Me being a guy I could even put it together CORRECTLY without the instructions . Which is quit a feat if you ask my wife!Overall I am happy with the product . I am using it for two pygmy goats and thy seem to like it just fine . Now we will see how well it holds up in the long run .
 This was very easy to put together and has been a great dog house , very sturdy and attractive in our back yard . We have two large dogs and both of them have fit in at the same time !
 Love this item ! Will be using as a chicken coop ! Well made , will add some poly to preserve it . Very easy to put together !
 Merry Pet The Stable Wood Pet House , LargeThe item arrived on time and in excellent condition . Assembly was very easy as all of the holes lined up perfectly , which is more than I can say for many items from other suppliers !! My German Shepherd loves it because she has plenty of room and we love it because she ca n't see outside . My only complaint is the strong cedar smell but Nixie does n't seem to mind . I would recommend the product to anyone who is handy with a screw driver !
 it serves it purpose but we did have to add insulation and reinforce some of the slats but i like it
 I bought this to house some ducks but have n't put them in it yet.The house came in good shape.It 's really cute ! We are going to put on a few coats of sealer.And I 've put hardwear cloth over the door and vent . The one problem I have with it , is that some of the screws poke into the structure.I will review this product again after using it more .
 I started using Spectrum fish food at the suggestion of local pet shop employee in my area . I have been feeding my fish Spectrum fish food ever since . It 's a little over four years now . They appear to be healthy and thriving . People are always surprised when they see the size of my fish and how active they are . I believe the ingredients make a big different and Spectrum delivers . I also like that it does not cloud the water . Makes maintenance a lot easier . In order to save time I order the food off the internet . So no more driving around or making phone calls looking for the food .
 It 's like Thanksgiving dinner every day . It sinks fast , but they got used to it . I am a firm believer in the fact that if they are hungry , they will eat it -LRB- floating or sinking -RRB- . And they seem to really like this food .
 My 7 inch frontosa cichlid would NOT eat Hikari and would only eat a few tiny Omega One pellets . This all changed when I introduces to him this food . Gobbled up like 10 of these pellets in 1 minute!Highly satisfied!Leaves a bit of mess -LRB- TINY BIT -RRB- after the fish munched on them but your filter should handle it fairly well .
 I have a mastiff pup who is large and getting larger . The other bags we were using eventually became too narrow for the product my pup was producing . These were offered at a decent price , and so I decided to try them out . Not only are these big enough to accomodate even the most generous post-buffet deposit that my dog can create , they also have handles . Brilliant . Without getting into details , the old twist-the-top-and-tie technique leaves one vulnerable to possible contamination from any residue left above the knot - especially if it 's a large load that needed to be coaxed into the bag . The handles on this bag can be rolled out of the way until the payload is properly stowed then you can safely and sanitarily roll them down and tie your favorite knot . The bags are scented , and it 's a sweet gesture and a worthy effort . However , the ethereal essence is no match for my dog 's extraordinary digestive efforts . My pockets smell good , though .
 I 've been walking dogs and picking up after them for over 16 years ; for most of that time , I 've used the bags that come on a roll , because they 're so handy to carry with me . But the roll bags can be hard to tie , especially in winter , when to do that requires taking both my gloves off . And grocery bags are n't a solution for me , because with two dogs and a cat , there 's no way my husband and I can eat enough groceries to keep us supplied . So when I got close to running out of rolls , I ordered these because they looked good -- and they are !!! The handles make them easy to tie with just one glove off and also make them easy to carry after tying -LRB- because sometimes the nearest garbage receptacle is a block away -RRB- . The pine scent is not obnoxious , and the package seals to keep the scent contained at home . And because the bags have side gussets , they are really larger than they look . I used one to pick up after my 70-lb retriever and also used it to pick up the deposit that another dog owner had abandoned nearby . I have bought my last roll of bags and will be using these from now on .
 If you have a large dog that loves to leave you large presents ... these bags are a MUST ! I tried the little tidy rolls that fit into cute bones which attach to your leash . I quickly realized there was no way those were going to work ! I could get his present into the bags ... but they left me no room to tie them at the top . The handles are soooo helpful when you have a large dog because you have enough room to scoop and tie without having to worry about the mess getting on your hands.Something similar to these bags used to be in dispensers in my old neighborhood , but since I moved I have to order these online . And I will continue to order these because they are the best out there for the price !
 I actually purchased these to use when cleaning my cat pan because I was tired of using huge grocery bags for a little bit of waste . They work great , they 're the perfect size .
 These were my favorite bags of all and I would probably still be buying them if they were still available . Since they are NOT still available I was forced to look for something else.I 'm glad I did.I found pickup bags that are larger and cheaper , and that I like better than these.They are Clean Go Pet Plastic Fresh Floral Scented Dog Waste Bag , 250-Pack , Blue by Clean Go . They are pleated while the little stinker bags are not . At first glance the Little Stinker bags appear larger , but once the Clean Go bags are expanded -LRB- because of their pleats -RRB- they are actually larger.Both bags are scented , both have handles , both are more than large enough for my 60 pound mutt . But the Clean Go bags are about 30 percent cheaper if you buy the 250 count package.At first I was disappointed that Little Stinker stopped selling their bags on Amazon . Now I could care less.I just hope the Clean Go people do n't abandon their customers like the Little Stinker people did . In this economy , if you have a product that people like and are wanting to buy , you need to keep it available . For me , I wo n't even try to buy the Little Stinker bags again .
 Love : They are Great Dane volume and thicknessThe tie handles make cleaning up easyThey are opaque so you cant see through themGood price for a lot of bagsHATE : The smell . Ugh . Pine scent reminds me of a port-a-potty and serves no purpose except to give me a bad of toilet scented dog doo to carry .
 Great size , easy to carry , fabulous bags . We have a ` keeper dog/family member ' and a ` guide-dog for the blind ' trainee , and use these bags daily for both . The price is wonderful and amazon delivers what we want when we need it !
 These are way better than grocery bags for my squimish spouse . They 're fairly durable and easy to use with the handles . I usually order the pocket packs that come with 20 bags per pack , only because they are easy to load into the pocket on my leash and they are individually folded . With the bulk pack I have to fold up a few bags at a time before the walk , but it 's worth it for the savings -LRB- since I go through about 700 a year -RRB- . Overall , as good or better than any bag I 've bought at pet stores for my huge labradore .
 Work great , especially since they were much cheaper than other similar products . Keep the smell in when knotted tightly . They are somewhat small , but more than enough room for anything our Pomeranian could leave in the grass .
 The bags are green in color and they 're opaque so you ca n't see the contents . However , the bags are large and more suitable for a large dog . My dog is small and I feel like it 's wasteful -LRB- unintended pun -RRB- to use such a large bag for small poops .
 I have 2 small dogs and they love this pillow . They usually run to get that pillow first . I find them both on this one the most . They have several that I have all together .
 Our cats like soft , pillowy toys . This is a simple pillow with catnip and it pleases them no end . Catnip apparently has a menthol-like compound that makes cats act as if they are either horny or drunk ... or horny drunks . While not amusing in a human male , it 's downright hysterical to watch in a feline . Give'em a thrill .
 NLS fish food is the best fish food for your fish . I ordered it and got it promptly in the mail . The best thing is that the food was priced at a great price !
 I bought these for both my dogs and I am so happy with these boots . I live in VERY cold conditions and the chemicals and salt were hurting their paws . They would hop and switch feet . I am very pleased with these boots and they stay on very well . -LRB- You must velcro them rather tight . -RRB- The dogs walked quite funny at first but do great now and they have yet to fall off , even after an hour walk . We will see how they wear , but I do also like the reflective tape on each bootie . Plus they look adorable!A little tidbit about fitting is that they sell them at Petco/PetSmart and you can make sure you are getting the right fit first.Very happy and our dogs are happy with them too . Highly recommended !
 My Shar Pei has very delicate feet . She must wear boots all winter . The boots do n't hold up when walking on sidewalks , they start to tear . We go through at least 10-12 pairs of boots per season , but these stay on her feet and do the job . We have alway had to buy several pairs of boots every winter to get her through the season . We live on the shores of Lake Michigan , so our baby gets her custom made winter coat on -LRB- she has two -RRB- her Doggles to protect her eyes from the wind off of the lake , and her boots . I wish these were a little stronger but they are the best ones we have found .
 My cat carries these around the house in her mouth and drops them where she wants to bat them around . Great cat toy .
 My mom cat just absolutely loves these toy cat balls . He plays with them like crazy and he is 10 years old . We bought him other balls , but he only plays with these !
 I purchased one of the peek a prize cat puzzles and in it there was one of these balls . Of the entire package this was what my kitties loved . It is smaller than most balls and rolls very fast . I went in search of this type ball and found these . They are identical and they love them . Now I do n't have to search the house for one ball and now have extras ! However , without free shipping these would be much too overpriced .
 These are hard to find these days . It 's the only toy either of my cats like .
 I have a 40lb medium size dog and she just loves these balls . I think they 're dissappearing because they are mismarketed . Pet stores do n't stock them anymore . My dog loves them because we can play inside the house with them and no furniture gets damaged - they 're harmless that way . I put them on my hand and ` flick ' them with my finger across the room and she just flies after them . She just loves them . And after one get worn down , I let her chew it to pieces , which she also loves - she does n't swallow any or choke or anything like that . She just lays by me in front of the TV and chews it into little pieces . Then I pull out a new ball and play fetch all over again ... . It can hit my lamp or anything and they 're so light that they do n't cause any damage or even tip it over at all . Now I could never do that inside with a tennis ball . So these are for inside play and tennis balls are for outside play . Try them - they 're great !! I 'm ordering some right now in fact : - -RRB-
 OUR CAT FAMILY CHICKEN AND LIVER PROPLAN SAGA
 In my opinion , this is the best food on the market for African Cichlid fish and can be used with some New World Cichlids as well . It promotes healthy fish and good color . I feed it to all the African Cichlids that I sell through my web site
 My fish are so energetic since I began using this fish food ! I do recommend it . My African Cichlids are happy !
 Fast shipping and unbeatable price . That is important when you have as many fish as I do .
 Your dog will LOVE this toy.Mine just go nuts for it.It plays a catchy tune you wo n't be able to get our of your mindand it makes you smile ; -RRB-
 One of the best dog toys I have ever had . It is a very entertaining toy for both dog and human .
 I purchased this talking toy for my blind dog but she is indifferent to it . . just as well since my two German Shepherd and one of my Silky Terriers fight over it . . so I bought two of the Snakes as well . . its the same song in both toys and be warned , the song will stick in your head . However , it is pretty hilarious when all three dogs get the song going a little out of sequence . . and I can always find a dog . A fun toy . Glad I bought them.Multi Pet Deedle Dudes Parrot Dog Toy
 I bought the Nutri-Vet Multi-Tab Complete Chewable Tablets for my 4 yr old mini schnauzer . She loves them . I 've had two schnauzers that each lived to 17 + years and believe that vitamins , quality food , not overfeeding or too many snax are reasons my dogs lived that long .
 These are in pet stores , vet offices , and online . I found them relatively reasonable on Amazon . Great products for your dogs . We have to be very careful with what our English bulldogs eat and they have zero side effects fromthis brand .
 I was a little skeptical about these due to the fact that my dogs really do n't eat pills well . I have to say , they have never been so eger to eat a pill before!They are small , tan pills with a dusty exterior . However , they do smell pretty good and my Dobermans have been eating them pretty well . I ordered them 2 or 3 weeks ago and have n't had any issues . I do feed one in the morning and one at night , since my dogs are 40 to 60 lbs each -LRB- x4 -RRB- . Once these are all gone I will probably order more .
 so far so good , easy , and my 2 dogs take them willingly which is half the battle ; no issues
 I highly recommend this vitamin supplement . My dogs love it and take it most willingly which gives me peace of mind . The girls have had tummy issues with other vitamines but these are working out great .
 I have 3 very picky eaters . Anything they get they scrutinize , and they love these vitamins !!! Would highly recommend them for picky pups .
 I guess ... I bought the older dog &#34; senior &#34; vitamins . I guess like people you need to read the package ! So Jaxxon got the young guy pills !
 My dog loves these , since they are liver flavored . The nutritional content is something to be desired , however . Some of the IU 's and % counts are quite low , and most pets can get much more nutrition out of their everyday food . But these make good treats , and these should probably be given to dogs on restricted diets to make sure they are getting even small amounts of vitamins/minerals that they might not be getting on the restricted diet .
 have 3 older dogs , tried everything we could for them . money.then i found this , wow , i was amazed how 1 dog we have got up moved around , alert in 24 hrs . gave them a boost of energy which was a blessing . made my year . dogs love it , and to make it better give them starting as pups veggys , carrots are great , if they dont like add cream on it . veggies and this product i cant say more . will be back to get more . thank you , a blessing.all 4 dogs are feeling great . coming back for sure . thanks again , please do n't change ingredients . please . nor price.price is worth it though . smiles
 I do n't know enough about vitamins to guarantee this is well-balanced . BUT , it seems to be pretty good . I 've been making my dog home-made food and wanted to make sure I supplemented in case there are any essential things I do n't know I 'm not giving her enough of . My biggest worry buying vitamins would be that she would n't eat them , since she 's a picky girl sometimes . But every morning after breakfast she is VERY eager to much down her vitamin &#34; treat &#34; . No hiding it in peanut butter or anything , she just chews it up and swallows.I 'm definitely pleased .
 I give 2 of these to my large breed dog daily and she enjoys them ! I do n't have to hide them in food or bribe her to eat them . She loves the flavor and gladly gobbles them up . Excellent source of vitamins for a healthy pet .
 My dog loves these tablets . I find it hard to find anything she likes . She does seem to have more energy since I have been giving her the Multi-tab . The product was shipped fast and the packaging was perfect !
 I 've got a 13.5 year old German Shepherd . She is still very active with great eyesight and balance -LRB- alas her hearing is going -RRB- . I give her these vitamins along withOsteo-Pet Total Joint Care for Dogs - Glucosamine Chondroitin , MSM , Hyaluronic Acid , Boswellia and more . . Her hip problems have decreased markedly and she likes to go for walks . She still gets wound up and runs around when the mail lady or UPS man delivers packages.I fully recommend both products .
 THis product is all it claims to be . It is an excellent product and my dogs love the taste . They actually love to take their vitamins . The taste certainly appeals to them . Wonderful ! Keep up the good work .
 This little water container has been very helpful with our medium-sized overly aggressive peach-fronted conure . Because you can place the container anywhere on the cage , it 's been easy for us to place it away from where the conure usually hangs out . Therefore , it 's easier to remove the container for refilling before dear `` Mookie '' comes over to bite us . -LRB- Most conures are NOT like this -RRB- . The container is easy to place and remove , the bird has no problem drinking from it , and it 's easier to check the water level then the plastic dishes that hang from the cage . It also has never been removed by Mookie , the first water container that has defied those efforts . I 'd talk with your vet about how often to change this -LRB- or any other -RRB- water or food container . Because the water stays clean , it is tempting to not fill it as often as other water containers . In addition , you might want to ask your local vet if tap water is ok for your bird -- we use bottled spring water . Overall , a nice addition to your bird 's abode .
 I 've been using these Lixit bottles -LRB- and other brands that are virtually identical -RRB- for my birds -LRB- conures , amazons , cockatiels , lovebirds , and senegals -RRB- for almost 20 years now . Never had an issue I could blame the manufacturing on . In my opinion , it 's a no brainer to make sure that both of the balls in the spout re-seat themselves so that water does n't leak and the process of doing that takes about 1.5 seconds .
 I had something like this years ago for my parakeets and cockateils . I bought this one for my finches . No dripping and filling the seed pan and underneath with water to leak out on my hardwood floor . They figured it real quick .
 This is a good size to last for a while . I empty and rinse it daily or every other day , when there is still plenty of water left . It has not leaked in the few months I have had it up . This will be an excellent secondary water source for my bird during our upcoming weekend getaway . My bird is a Quaker , which is a small parrot , but he has a good beak , and can shred nearly the same stuff as most large parrots . The ball is rubber , and the plastic hanging piece is inside where he can reach it . I have n't set seen any but the smallest damage to the hanging part . So I would call it relatively bird proof -LRB- for small birds -RRB- .
 I use these for my birds , because my birds like to poop in their water dishes and with this , they always have access to fresh water ! This bottle is just the right size for any small to medium sized bird ! Mine is being used for Parrotlets . :-RRB- Very happy with this product !
 One bottle works great . The second bottle drips and no matter what I do it still drips ! Anyone have any tips ?
 I 've used this , the tiny sinking pellets , and the standard flakes from New Life Spectrum and my fish quite obviously enjoy it more than other brands . Their color is also very bright , noticeably brighter than before NLS . I 've fed NLS to clown loaches , denison barbs , a black ghost knife , a tiger oscar , and boesemani rainbow , all of which fiend for it .
 Plus : - I had no leaking issues , works great-The ball is rubber , not metal , much nicer for birds-Easy to fill wide openingMinus : - Does not fit on Vision cages , which have horizontal bars . It fits sort-of
 I 've been using these Lixit bottles -LRB- and other brands that are virtually identical -RRB- for my birds -LRB- conures , amazons , cockatiels , lovebirds , and senegals -RRB- for almost 20 years now . Never had an issue I could blame the manufacturing on . In my opinion , it 's a no brainer to make sure that both of the balls in the spout re-seat themselves so that water does n't leak and the process of doing that takes about 1.5 seconds .
 I love these bottles !! My birds now have clean water all of the time . No more seeds or pellets dropped into the water making it dirty !! They all picked up on how to use them within a day or two and seem to actually have fun with the little red ball that is the stopper for it . I almost did n't buy these due to people saying that they dripped but I had no problems with it . If you just tilt the bottle at a slight angle and let the water drip out the ball will make it 's own seal as long as you do n't squeeze the bottle while hanging it back up on the cage you are golden !!
 These are my favorite water bottles for my birds . Other bottles I have tried with my Quaker Parrots are not as sturdy and the birds find a way to knock the other type bottles off the cage . I think they are not going to have this type available , so I stocked up . I have had my previous purchase of these bottles for a very long time . They work very well for my birds , so I do n't know why they decided not to make this type water bottle any more . I guess it is a good thing that they last for a very long time .
 This bottle works great for small birds to provide plenty of water . Only real problem encountered has been the ball not seating and dribbling all the water out . Production quality can be uneven and ball just wo n't seat regardless of how much you try . Had that happen on 1 out of 10 bottles . Must add water then hold ball to seat it , and keep bottle straight up .
 I buy this toy from time to time when it has been played with a bit to hard by my two dogs.I own two lab mix dogs and they both love this toy . In general the toys last 6-9 months which is good.My younger dog sleeps with his and uses it as a pillow , its too cute !
 I bought this to keep my pug out of the rain . It is well-built and easy to assemble . My pug , of course , sits next to it !
 I ordered several sweaters as a gift for my Mom 's Norfolk Terrier , and this one was the cutest !
 I use these water bottle kits for my birds and little Maltese dogs . The water stays clean , it 's easy to find replacement bottles - just buy another drink in a glass bottle - juice , tea , etc. , wash the bottle and you have it ! No waiting for a shipment to arrive or running from store to store looking for the exact bottle you need . When you refill the bottle , use room temperature water , fill to the top , place the stopper in , put your finger over the tip , closing the water flow out of the tube , turn the bottle upside down , allow the bubbles to rise to the top -LRB- actually the bottom of the bottle -RRB- , place the tube into the holder on the cage , and place the spring around the bottle . There should be very little to no dripping . This is the very best water bottle system I 've found !
 I love these kits ! I 'm still looking to purchase up to 9 more ! I have 29 right now . I need 3 more for my cages now and I need 6 more for my quarantine cages . I use these for my pet rats . I recommend these to all my friends . Not only does it promote sustainability , but getting replacement bottles is convenient ! Also , if you have arthritis in your hands , the stopper is really easy to put on and remove . I leave all of the hardware , including the spring , on the cage during cage cleaning so there no chance of them getting lost .
 These are the finest shears I have used . They are quiet , cut effortlessly , and so many teeth , that mistakes are not noticeable . A VERY fine pair of shears . Makes dog grooming a pleasure indeed !!
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 We have had a lixit for our large parrot -LRB- macaw -RRB- for a long time . I dropped the glass bottle on our tile floor & it shattered . Sigh . I was so happy that I could just order a replacement instead of having to order it complete -LRB- gets a bit pricey ! -RRB- Nothing works better for our bird . The metal is strong enough that he can not bend it or get that little ball out & the glass is heavy duty that he can not chip it . Until they make a bottle out of some kind of heavy duty plastic , this is the best for distructive pets.I also love this better then a dish of water as I know the bird always has a fresh supply . -LRB- he loves to put food in his water dish & it gets nasty pretty quickly that way -RRB- Another benefit ... We went on vacation for a week & when we returned the bottle was still 1/2 full . Our pet-sitter was not very familiar with birds so she was hesitant to reach in his cage ... thankfully she did n't have to!If you have a large bird , this is a GREAT product !
 Good bottle . Had to order a spare since I dropped one on my tile floor and it broke . Have two of them for my 8 Coton de Tulear dogs . They use it . I 've used plastic ones which the dogs like more because the drip pipe is larger in diameter and allows more water to flow when they lick , , but I hate the plastic . . Just bad to have the water sitting in plastic all day .
 Nothing but praise for these water feeders ! They work great , would buy again and have no complaints at all . Thanks
 So nice to have these lixit bottles . My parrots like to wench them off their stand and watch it fall to the ground and break . That 's a parrot for you . However , being able to get replacements at a low price and fast is terrific .
 These are great , simply put . The only problem I have is a Macaw that 's smarter than most people . She will get the bottle out of it 's metal holding contraption and it drops onto the tile floor and breaks . She of course , gives me that `` Did I Do That ? '' look , knowing good and well that she did . When she 's done with hers , she hops over to my Umbrella Cockatoo 's bottle and does the same to his . I replace them on a regular basis needless to say and have started securing them better with thick wiring in a fashion that ca n't hurt either bird ! Oh , the joys of parrot adoption -LRB- second hand birds -RRB- ! They make my life complete !
 Lixit Glass Water Bottle Replacement 32 OZI could not find this product in any of the numerous pet supply stores in my area . This was just what I was looking for to replace the one my African Grey pulled out of the holder and broke . The price was right and I received it promptly .
 Product was packed well , confirmed , and in tact . Will purchase again from this vendor .
 Works very well -- have recommended it to friends.Holds the amount advertised . The birds cameright away.I did put a caging around to keep the pesky pigeons out .
 I own several bird feeders -LRB- Brome Squirrel Buster with Cardinal Ring , two Heritage Farms Vista Squirrel Proof feeds , and something like the Birdscapes 385 Copper Wild birdfeeder -RRB- . The Birdscapes 329 Triple Tube feed is by far the most popular feeder . It is always busy . I do tend to put the smaller sized feed in these tubes . The Squirrel Buster/Proof variety , which seem to attract the squirrels , are on a separate pole . Perhaps it is because the squirrels are busy elsewhere , and the smaller feed , that the Birdscapes 329 is so popular.All that said , I have only owned this feeder for a couple of months . I can see the weekness of the plastic threads . I have always set the feeder on a table before unscrewing the top . Hopefully it holds up .
 I have had one of these feeders for 3-4 years . It hangs in front of a window under the house eaves and is not in sun in the afternoon . While we get some snow and cold days , not as much as in many states , so the feeder does not experience frigid weather . The lid did crack , and I simply put a piece of clear packaging tape on it . Occasionally a seed sprouts right where the lid screws on because the tape did not completely seal it -- but this seed does not mix with the seed the birds eat , and there does not appear to be water in the main seed compartments . I should 've put some silicon sealant on the crack as well , I suppose.The good part of this feeder is that the metal ports seem pretty sturdy against squirrel damage . While the dome keeps squirrels from coming down to the feeder off the roof fairly well , some squirrels learned to jump up to the feeder from a window sill -LRB- they either climb the screen or if I take the screen away they jump off the sill . -RRB- They have not chewed through the plastic or the ports in this feeder , which I can not say of several other feeders I have purchased over the years.Update , 2/2013 . I received another of these for Christmas 2012 . It has been outside about six weeks , hanging under the eaves as decribed for the old one above . It was about ten degrees F and when I turned the top to remove it , the plastic piece that the top screws onto just broke away from the rest of the feeder . In truth , I may have overtightened it when I put the lid on , but now the top will not come off . I have emailed their customer service as their web site does not list this part . Will update again if I get any service .2 nd update 2/2013 The customer service folks were quite helpful . They have shipped the part that broke to me . I do think I might have overtightened the top and that made it stay together too much when I went to remove the top .
 I previously owned one of these feeders and a large limb crashed down upon it and destroyed it . I was able to find a replacement on Amazon.com and ordered it immediately . This feeder saves me money on seed every month . Other feeders have I owned allow larger birds such as Blue Jays and Red Headed Woodpeckers to use their beak to rake out seeds causing me to go through a lot of seed . That made the squirrels happy . This feeder dose n't stop that from happening but does make it more difficult for them . My wife and I love this feeder . Many different type birds can feed at the same time . Here in Texas , I only use the wild sunflower seeds which attracts just about every kind of bird we have in our area . In the Winter and early spring I use Thistle seeds for the Finches . It is a well built feeder and holds enough feed to last almost a week . I strongly recommend trying this feeder .
 Raccoons destroyed our feeder and we could not find a similar product locally , at a reasonable price , to replace it . I checked out Amazon and found the exact same product that we had and the price was reasonable , plus free shipping . We are very happy with the quantity of seed that fits into this Triple Tube feeder . We have a lot of birds and usually fill the feeder every two days . A smaller feeder would require us to fill it at least once a day .
 I have had this feeder for several years and have only had to replace the dome portion which broke after a couple of years . I went directly to perky pet customer service and that part was on back order and was told that when back in stock this part would be sent to me without charge . It was . This feeder has survived Minnesota winters and wind storms summer and winter w/o fail . Unfortunately it did n't stand up to ping pong size hail last night and neither did the side of my house . Time for a new pp329 from Amazon which has the best price and free shipping .
 My original feeder just like this has finally died -LRB- cracked top due to UV & hail -RRB- after 6 years , so I 'm ordering another one . True , the top screws on , but does not have to be screwed tight , and if you turn it in the opposite direction until it falls into groove , then turn it the right way , the threads last just fine -LRB- this is true of all screws , btw -RRB- . I like the pole mounted option , and this one is a little lighter-weight than the copper-colored plastic one.PS , I put a dome UNDER it as well , and do not have a squirrel problem .
 I have owed one of these feeders for about 5 years . After 5 years , it , like most things , fried in the Florida sun . For those 5 years it was the best bird feeder I have ever owned . With its multiple feed stations , it is not uncommon to have 3 birds on it at a time . Also , its nice that it holds a whole bag of seed.I just received my new one and I am sure it will also go at least 5 years in the Florida sun.For those who had trouble stripping the threads in the lid , it only takes a little care . The diameter of the lid is quite large . As a result , when screwing on the top , you have very , very great leverage , and it only has to be gently screwed on . The only reason it is screwed on at all is to keep it from blowing off in the wind.It 's a keeper and with the sun shining as it does , I 'll likely get another one in 5 more years.PS I should add that we use this as a pole mounted feeder on a 3/4 '' diameter pole . As such it is great . That said , considering its size and weight when it is full , I do not believe I would try hanging it from the lid .
 Great solution to feeding the birds . This product has now been in use over 2 years and still works great .
 This is the second of these feeders I have purchased . The first one lasted almost three years . The feeder is nice to look at and the birds really like it . I have the feeder on a pole and would recommend this to anyone purchasing . Since the lid is plastic , the threading is easy to strip or crack , so one needs to be careful when reinstalling the lid after filling . The plastic lid would also be the reason for not hanging the feeder.Pros
 I have own two of these bird feeders over the years , and am about to purchase my third . It is a large capacity feeder , and allows for multiple birds to feed at once from the three tubes . The feed holes have metal forms , so that when the squirrels feed , they do n't chew the actual feeder . The only times I 've have problems with these feeders is due to user error , not the product . My problem has been when I dropped it during cold weather , and the top `` hood '' will crack in the brittle weather .
 I have 11 feeding stations . 2 years ago , I purchased the triple tube feeder from Lowe 's . The deer demolished it this past winter and I have n't located it anywhere except Amazon . It 's an easy fill , easy post mount , a full fill lasts for days to a week and it is like the community park feeding area . Its durable and I really enjoy it .
 The bird feeders are great . They hold 11 pounds of seed are very durable and the birdslove them.I received them on time and in great condition.Richard
 My best purchase out of the group . The birds love it and the squirrels do not ... yeah ! I get a nice selection of birds and it compliments my feeding station feeder .
 This is the third 2 in 1 feeder that I have purchased . The only thing I 've had an issue with is the plastic lid . It strips out the threads easily and will crack , making it useless . My birds love it though .
 This is the third Birdscapes 329 feeder we have owned . We have been happy with all three feeders . We place ours on a post rather than hang .
 Over many years I have purchased this particular feeder three times . Due to nature and avoidable accidents these feeders eventually break , as they are plastic after all . But , they last long enough , perform as good as any other feeder we have owned , can handle more birds than most feeders , and are easy to re-fill and easy to use . You will get your money 's worth .
 I 've only had this feeder for a month or so but so far it 's been great . I am using 2 sides for sunflower seeds and 1 side for thistle . Filling it does not seem to be a problem like some of the reviews have stated but I guess if you know going into it that you have to remove the entire top that makes you more prepared . In the middle of winter I may have a different opinion , but to date I do n't have a problem with it . The only thing I 've noticed so far is even though you can angle the feeding ports to accomodate the type of seed , the goldfinch seem to have a problem getting to their thistle seed . I have not taken the time to investigate this and so far they have n't been yelling at me so I will have to check it out soon . I was concerned about the plastic 'S ' hook that allows the feeder to hang -LRB- it is quite heavy when completely filled -RRB- and will probably replace it before winter sets in with a metal one , however we had 40 mph sustained winds for a 24 hour period recently and it held up just fine . I did not rate it w / 5 stars only because I have n't owned it for long and winter will put it to the test .
 But I have owned this for 2 months & just love its modern , high-tech look . So far everything 's great & birds flock to it . Other reviewers ' reviews -LRB- esp . the bad ones -RRB- are very disturbing indeed as seems like they own theirs longer than 2 months . But I can not just chime in w / them when mine performs to my satisfaction . If it breaks within a year -LRB- touch-wood -RRB- , I 'll revisit this & lessen my stars . Or I may just get a new one from Home Depot -LRB- where I got mine -RRB- & return the broken one , we shall see ...
 The birdfeeder is very nice , easy to fill and holds quite a bit of seed . I am completely satisfied , even though It could have been a little bigger . The base needed to be adapted to fit my pole .
 This is the second of these feeders I have owned . It 's a fairly good product that holds a lot of bird seed . Be cautious when removing the clear plastic top shield for filling , as a small piece of plastic is all that prevents the center rod -LRB- which holds the whole thing together -RRB- from unscrewing and coming apart . Best way to avoid the problem is to not overtighten the shield when replacing it after filling , especially in freezing weather . Our previous unit lasted about 5 years . That 's probably a practical limit as UV radiation affects the clear plastic tubes resulting in cracking -LRB- either that , of the birds get carried away and `` peck '' holes in the tubes -RRB- . The design is effective in keeping rainwater out of the birdseed in the tubes , and is large enough for reasonable intervals between fillings . A determined raccoon will defeat this feeder . I speak from experience . YMMV .
 I bought this same bird feeder model a couple of years ago and had a problem with rats chewing the plastic cups off the feeder to get at the seed - but this new improved version of the old one has metal cups that hold in the seeds and protects them . This feeder has three chambers so that you can fill it with different types of seed for a variety of birds , making this a really nice bird feeder . It holds enough seed so that it is not necessary to be constantly refilling . I love it and would highly recommend it .
 Holds 3lbs of bird food ! Seems sturdy but have not had it for an entire season so I ca n't attest to the sturdiness.I recommend it so far .
 I was skeptical after reading other reviews but went ahead anyway . Glad I did . This is exactly the same feeder as the one I had for years that got broken by my lawn service employee . The original one I bought was made by Garden Treasures -LRB- they must have renamed or sold the design -RRB- and was purchased at one of the giant home improvement store chains . I do n't know why they do n't still sell it ! I had it for 6 years . There is nothing wrong with the thread on the lid - just do n't be heavy handed with it . If you balance the lid in place and just spin it freely it will always close like it 's supposed to .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 This food has a good formulation for goldfish . I have a black moor that has been sick for over a year . His water is good , a couple of local fish experts and stores have been helping me , and we ca n't figure it out . He goes back and forth . I keep his water as healthy as possible and these really help . He looks a lot better when he 's eating high quality food . Goldfish are scavengers and they need the mix of protein and veggies that are in this . I like the hard pellets because they are easy for my fish to eat and the keep the water clean . I think this is one of the best balanced foods for my fish . I also give him frozen peas -LRB- thawed , without the skins -RRB- and those are good for him too . The only reason it does not get 5 stars is that this stuff is expensive for gold-fish food . However , it 's much better priced online and it does last a long time .
 My goldfish went from a small-fry to a healthy , beautiful sea monster in no time after i started feeding her this food ! Thank you !
 I started my two Comets on this as soon as I got them . They were about an inch long when I got them , and almost a year later , the female is pushing 6 inches ! The male is n't far behind . No illnesses or parasites , no bloating or floating problems , beautiful fins and scales , happy , fearless , and active , and rich , bright colors . I feed them fruits and vegetables once or twice a week , but mostly I just feed them this twice a day.I feel I should mention I bought the 150 g bottle of small goldfish pellets for their then-small mouths . They 're still eating the small pellets quite enthusiastically , and I 'm only just now below the halfway full point -LRB- and yes , the food is still good ! -RRB- When I run out of this in approximately 6 months , I 'll definitely be buying this again .
 Our goldfish was having issues swimming and was floating around the tank so I did search to figure out what was going on . I was feeding him a typical flake food and I guess this was not a good choice . This New Life Spectrum food was suggested so I figured I 'd give it a try . I also started feeding him a couple frozen peas every week . Within one day he was swimming normal . Now a couple weeks later his color is so rich and dark and he 's growing ! I will never feed fish anything else .
 after a week of switching my fish to new life spectrum , I no longer find that he has problems with swimming . I was using a common pet store brand sinking pellet , but will continue to order this one online for my fish 's health .
 I purchased this for my live breeder tank and the instructions describe exactly what i am looking for however i am afraid that the holes in the bottom of the trap might actually be too big and allow babies out . my larger fry stay fine but they were already a few weeks old . This is one of the smaller breeder traps available if that helps anyone .
 Its better then what i was hoping for , But it is a little small for my female fish , who is a large molly , It seems to stress her out some when i first got it and tested on how it floats . Other then size its great
 It definitely could be more stylish !!! We tried hard to find one in PINK ! But its made well and was quite useful for feeding our Daughters lil pets .
 Plus
 Recently purchased a feeding dish , having had problems with ants getting into my cats food . Far as I 'm aware , this is the only product I 've found that 's small enough for a cat . Most are large-sized bowls for dogs.I 've only had it for a few days but so far , my cat has only nibbled on her food . I 'm not sure if the small moat that encircles the bowl makes her apprehensive . Time will tell . Worst case scenario I 'll have to ditch this for a normal bowl and clean up the ant mess as in the past.It 's not expensive so it might be worth a try . Every pet probably has a different outcome .
 I have been using this food for my two fancy goldfish for over a year . It sinks quickly so I do n't have to worry about the fish swallowing air at the surface .
 One of the best fish foods on the market , no fillers , no fake ingredients . Im very impressed . Since the food is so rich , you have to feed alot less , but remember , goldfish do not have stomachs so they need a constant supply of carbs , so they should be fed small amounts 2x a day ... this will allow you to enjoy them at their full potential . Something else i noticed is that any uneaten food for this brand gets fuzzy -LRB- spoiled -RRB- very fast and tend to float under ordainment and driftwood . so make sure you search everywhere when you do your water change/gravel vacuumI will buy this product again , along with their entire line of food , to feed all my fish
 Finally a product that really works to keep the ants out of my pets food . We live in the country and the ants are horrendous . At last my pets can eat their food without having to fight the ants for it . Thank you from all of us .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 I bought this tag for my night-roaming kitty , and I think it 's better suited to a medium-sized dog.It 's a little large for a cat.The tag is made pretty well , the light is nice and bright , and the price is right . Just do n't burden a small animal with this tag .
 This is a great light to have if you take your god out at night . My dad gets up really early and takes our dog for a run while it is still dark out , you can really see them comming with this light . I think everyone who takes their dog out in the dar should own one . They are also pretty small , not bulky like ither ones I 've seen , you can leave it on your god 's collar without it being too bulky or noticable .
 I used the product for my cat but not currently . It has been known to help support the joints and helps for arthritis in cats . My cat has a sensetive stomach it did n't quite agree with her .
 This collar is very full and covered in large Halloween sequin type decorations . The fall colors look great . I have been loaning our collar to others for photos . It comes packaged and the medium will fit easily over a toy dog 's head , as well as a large cat -LRB- yes , we tried it ! -RRB- It has enough give to fit a dog that wears a 14 inch collar size .
 Upstate New York has had a very cold winter and these booties arrived in time and saved my poodles paws from freezing . It takes a few times to get use to putting them on dog and a few times for the dog to get used to have dog booties on . The velcro helps to keep the booties snug on the paws .
 I can be sure my cat is eating all she wants for up to ten days with this feeder . It keeps the food dry and fresh . Simple and much cleaner than a simple bowl . Highly recommended for ease , however , inactive cats might get fat !!!
 Great blank notecards with three colorful design choices for the cat lover . I use them for everything
 First of all let state I am not a fan of Iams , but ... I searched high and low for a healthy crunchy biscuits for my Shih Tzu 's . After I did research on all brands of mainstream dog food , including treats , I threw away each and every biscuit and treats I had purchased . I was appalled at what really was in them . . and my dogs are highly sensitive to corn , wheat and additives , etc. . I now feed them only Wellness products , Zukes treats and for a crunchy biscuit to clean their teeth , I chose Iams lamb and rice . . They love these biscuits and i feel better knowing I am giving them healthy food and treats . .
 I like to add these to my dogs ' diet for a little variety . They really like them and they are healthy . Having two small dogs and the treats being twice the normal size makes them great to break in half and give half to each dog . That makes them economical too . Ca n't lose with these biscuits . They 're five stars for us .
 This fish food is one of the best I have ever purchased . It is packaged in an airtight plastic tub . This is great for large goldfish and other large fish . The pellets will sink once they hit the water . They have a very strong garlic smell to them , which is this products main feature . Garlic supposedly will prevent and help with fungal and bacterial infections , however there is n't a lot of research here , but some say it really helps in fish . It also supposedly acts as a flavor enhancer , so it may get a fussy fish to starting eating.Overall this is a great product . Guaranteed to product healthy , colorful and long living fish .
 Just fill up the bottle , screw it into the base upside down , and turn over . It did n't spill any water , which surprised me . Easy to rinse out , and I think it 's dishwasher safe . -LSB- edited by me -RSB- It says this is for cats and small dogs . The dish is about as big around as a soda can , and right next to the bottle . My cat has a big head so it 's inconvenient -- he does n't like to use it.This product still gets 5 stars but I hope they make a bigger one = - -RRB-
 I bought this for our Syrian hamster -LRB- aka golden hamster -RRB- , & it 's perfect ! No more food wasted ! I can fill it with what she 'll need until the next cage-cleaning , & it provides her with security knowing that there 's always food there . No more wasted food dumped/buried in the bedding every day , and then , tossed out when the cage is cleaned . She still comes out at treat time , though ! I would n't recommend this item for any animals larger than mice , dwarf hamsters , gerbils , or Syrian hamsters , as our hammy can just fit her head and her paws in the serving dish . The serving dish/dispenser would be much too small for any larger animals to get their head & paws in there . And the storage part of the unit is much larger than necessary . For 1 hamster , I fill it probably less than 1/4 full , and that lasts , at least , a week . Some people may not care for the paper clip-style hanger that comes with the hopper , but we 've had no problem with it . We have a wire cage . We hang the hopper , so that it sits atop the bedding , and it works fine for us . It 's a bit wobbly , but our hamster does n't seem to mind at all . If you have a pocket pet , get this ! You wo n't be sorry you did !
 This mineral wheel is larger than the ones I got from my local pet store . Bunny likes it a LOT !
 My parrot -LRB- African grey timneh -RRB- LOVES these kookies ! When I put them on her leather holder with additional toy blocks , she makes a run for them . She will even ask `` do you want your kookies ? '' when she is looking for them . Hard to find but thank goodness I thought to check Amazon . Price is better than pet shops or most online pet suppliers .
 I bought this treat on the day i got my green cheecked conure , at first I am sure she was hesitant to her new environment so it took her awhile to warm um to the koookies , NOW she gots nuts for them . Keeps her occupied , happy , and energetic . I also love the treat for those reasons , after my bird is done eating them , I can not help but cuddle her face because her breath smells so good . Apparently my dog loved them after she sniffed around places she should not have been sniffing . Good treat , I will always keeep some kookies around .
 My two , female pet rats love these kookies . Even though the price is high for a treat , you get 40 kookies , so it evens out two less than fifty cents per treat that will each last at least five days per rodent . I had found small bags of 8ish kookies at a chain pet store for a dollar , but I think the individual sales have been discontinued as I can not find them anywhere anymore . :-LRB- I wish they would bring these back to the store as their own treats instead of only selling them when they are incorporated into a hanging device that makes it $ 13 more expensive . I would definitely buy these buy themselves in store to avoid shipping costs !
 Ca n't speak for myself , but our dog loves these . Despite being a &#34; weight control &#34; treat , he finds them tasty and so do his buddies .
 My dog loves these and I can give her a treat that is better for her . I always trust the Iams name .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 This is the best small pet brush I have ever used ! I have an 8 pound Bichon , it works perfectly on her . I use it before going over her with a fine comb . The handle on this brush is very comfortable and easy to hold .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Our birds seem to prefer the anise ones rather than the regular ones . Both the large cookies and the small ones are perfect for them , but I made the effort to choose treats that are appropriate for my birds . They love eating it out of their treat cup , or holding it in their feet - it 's hilarious when they grab a big cookie and hold on to it for all their worth . It 's like watching a small child with a giant lollipop!It 's too bad when someone gets something for their pet that 's not right for them , and then blames the product ! These are great treats , I hope the other people tried breaking them into smaller sizes for their birds . These are well appreciated our birds that can hold food in their feet - conures & larger birds .
 My timneh Bella LOVES these kookies . They are a treat she will run across her cage for . I string them with wood blocks and she has hours of fun . They are like a birdie shortbread , they do n't break apart easily with a parrot with her beak strength.Great healthy bird treat .
 I was hesitant when I ordered this cage with the negative reviews saying they continued receiving a damaged product . With my Amazon Prime account I was able to get the steal on Overnight shipping in hopes that the express delivery would negate any shipping damages . Sure enough , the next evening UPS delivered this 75 pound package to my front door . I opened the box to check the contents . The packing was n't the best , but it definitely was n't the worst ! All parts were clean and free of dents or dings . One screw had fallen out , but I was able to find it and replace it immediately.The cage is sturdy and well designed . The playtop is a great addition and the conures enjoy spending time on top of the toy hanger . The cage is secure enough that my smartest Sun Conure can not escape , and is roomy enough that when one of the birds is having a bad day , there is plenty of room to give him his space.The food bowls included clean easily and are fantastic as far as being sterile for the birds . A little hot water cleanse every morning before the addition of food generally keeps them happy.All in all , for the money this was the best deal shipped I could find . There were smaller similar cages for a slightly less cost , but the added size this cage gave me was well worth it !
 The cage was very easy to put together . It is easy to clean and my feathered buddy loves it . A great value for the price . Thank you
 I 've had an African Grey parrot for over 10 yrs . Got her a new cage , and I love it , as does she . It 's easy to assemble , relatively lightweight but still sturdy , has enough food cups to accommodate water , treats and ever-present feed . The bottom drawer is low enough that she ca n't reach through the bars and pull up food she 's dropped which may be sitting in poop . This cage is a perfect size for an African Grey ; she has enough room to flap her wings . And , importantly , the cage was over $ 100 less than others I 've seen in pet stores . With Amazon 's free S&H and delivery to the door , I did n't have to wrestle it from a store into my car , then home , and from the garage into the house , which can be a pain in the posterior with something that is bulky and weighs over 100 # . In short , I highly recommend this cage !
 This cage is great for the price . It is plenty roomy and the seed cups are easy to clean and stay clean . It was easy to assemble and is a sturdy construction . I highly recommend it .
 First a review of the cage itself : This is an excellent cage for my umbrella cockatoo -LRB- she 's a little on the small side -RRB- . It 's just big enough . If it were any smaller we 'd have issues but I 'm very happy with the size . I 'm happy with the feed cup guards . Eden is very smart . We 'll see if she can get them out . I 'm very excited that the grate does n't sit directly on top of the tray where we 'll put newspaper -- NO MORE PAPER SHREDDING ! The latch is smart enough that I 'll no longer need to pad-lock her cage . The guard at the bottom will do an excellent job of catching her loose food . For the first time in 6 years , `` her room '' might stay clean . I 'm excited about the prospects.Now , the assembling instructions where , not impossible , could 've been a little more thorough . We had to correct something that in no way was obvious by the one page instructions for assemblage . It had to do with which way to turn a side panel so that the food guard was positioned correctly for the cup . They assume that you 'll assume much by the vague directions.Now a review of the packaging : I do n't know whether to blame Premier or Amazon for how HORRIBLY this was packaged . The packaging was falling apart when it was delivered and I had to use piers to correctly bend some of the pieces . That . Is . Ridiculous . When you spend 300 $ on something you do n't expect to need to repair it brand new and since the packaging was falling apart it would 've cost a fortune to return it just to receive another packaged the same way . It was deplorable.I 'm going to rate the cage high but if I could rate the packaging it would be far less than one star . There 's another review that expresses the same opinion and need and it takes the cake that this has n't been fixed .
 This is a beautiful cage . It is quite large -LRB- if you go to a pet store and look at large cages , this will be among the largest -RRB- . Our conure loves it though I would definitely purchase a couple of side perches and a swing so that the bird has more options , as the perches that come with the cage are a bit thick . We looked at cages in some pet stores that cost almost 1k and they were n't much better than this.Not sure about shipping issues , as we bought ours as a `` floor model '' in a store . However , we threw that cage in the back of our truck bed . My husband tossed it in pretty hard and pieces started flying around . I was sure it would break , but it did n't break . The pieces that came apart were easy to bold back together when we got home and it was no worse for the wear .
 I recently moved to Japan from the States and my Pembroke Corgi made the 24 hour trip with me . Airline rules were that I needed two bowls in his crate for food and water and these were amazing ! They did n't budge at all during the flight and my dog loves these . For a while he would n't eat or drink unless it was with these crocks . I would definitely recommend these for traveling .
 This is a high quality bowl , easy to use , and very secure . I love how the bowl twists off and on.Nice sized bowl for medium to larger size dogs .
 This water bowl is really easy to use and the dog can not spill it at all . Perfect for a dog in a kennel .
 Perfect for my dogs while they are in their cages ... thanks
 I was hesitant when I ordered this cage with the negative reviews saying they continued receiving a damaged product . With my Amazon Prime account I was able to get the steal on Overnight shipping in hopes that the express delivery would negate any shipping damages . Sure enough , the next evening UPS delivered this 75 pound package to my front door . I opened the box to check the contents . The packing was n't the best , but it definitely was n't the worst ! All parts were clean and free of dents or dings . One screw had fallen out , but I was able to find it and replace it immediately.The cage is sturdy and well designed . The playtop is a great addition and the conures enjoy spending time on top of the toy hanger . The cage is secure enough that my smartest Sun Conure can not escape , and is roomy enough that when one of the birds is having a bad day , there is plenty of room to give him his space.The food bowls included clean easily and are fantastic as far as being sterile for the birds . A little hot water cleanse every morning before the addition of food generally keeps them happy.All in all , for the money this was the best deal shipped I could find . There were smaller similar cages for a slightly less cost , but the added size this cage gave me was well worth it !
 The cage was very easy to put together . It is easy to clean and my feathered buddy loves it . A great value for the price . Thank you
 I 've had an African Grey parrot for over 10 yrs . Got her a new cage , and I love it , as does she . It 's easy to assemble , relatively lightweight but still sturdy , has enough food cups to accommodate water , treats and ever-present feed . The bottom drawer is low enough that she ca n't reach through the bars and pull up food she 's dropped which may be sitting in poop . This cage is a perfect size for an African Grey ; she has enough room to flap her wings . And , importantly , the cage was over $ 100 less than others I 've seen in pet stores . With Amazon 's free S&H and delivery to the door , I did n't have to wrestle it from a store into my car , then home , and from the garage into the house , which can be a pain in the posterior with something that is bulky and weighs over 100 # . In short , I highly recommend this cage !
 This cage is great for the price . It is plenty roomy and the seed cups are easy to clean and stay clean . It was easy to assemble and is a sturdy construction . I highly recommend it .
 First a review of the cage itself : This is an excellent cage for my umbrella cockatoo -LRB- she 's a little on the small side -RRB- . It 's just big enough . If it were any smaller we 'd have issues but I 'm very happy with the size . I 'm happy with the feed cup guards . Eden is very smart . We 'll see if she can get them out . I 'm very excited that the grate does n't sit directly on top of the tray where we 'll put newspaper -- NO MORE PAPER SHREDDING ! The latch is smart enough that I 'll no longer need to pad-lock her cage . The guard at the bottom will do an excellent job of catching her loose food . For the first time in 6 years , `` her room '' might stay clean . I 'm excited about the prospects.Now , the assembling instructions where , not impossible , could 've been a little more thorough . We had to correct something that in no way was obvious by the one page instructions for assemblage . It had to do with which way to turn a side panel so that the food guard was positioned correctly for the cup . They assume that you 'll assume much by the vague directions.Now a review of the packaging : I do n't know whether to blame Premier or Amazon for how HORRIBLY this was packaged . The packaging was falling apart when it was delivered and I had to use piers to correctly bend some of the pieces . That . Is . Ridiculous . When you spend 300 $ on something you do n't expect to need to repair it brand new and since the packaging was falling apart it would 've cost a fortune to return it just to receive another packaged the same way . It was deplorable.I 'm going to rate the cage high but if I could rate the packaging it would be far less than one star . There 's another review that expresses the same opinion and need and it takes the cake that this has n't been fixed .
 This is a beautiful cage . It is quite large -LRB- if you go to a pet store and look at large cages , this will be among the largest -RRB- . Our conure loves it though I would definitely purchase a couple of side perches and a swing so that the bird has more options , as the perches that come with the cage are a bit thick . We looked at cages in some pet stores that cost almost 1k and they were n't much better than this.Not sure about shipping issues , as we bought ours as a `` floor model '' in a store . However , we threw that cage in the back of our truck bed . My husband tossed it in pretty hard and pieces started flying around . I was sure it would break , but it did n't break . The pieces that came apart were easy to bold back together when we got home and it was no worse for the wear .
 This is perfect for my dogs !! I am not patient enough to brush their teeth ... I have three dogs , all of whom hate getting their teeth brushed . This is the perfect solution , and works really well . I noticed a big difference with my toy schnauzer , his teeth are a lot healthier and his breath isnt as disgusting as before .
 My Blue Fronted Amazon kept managing to take his dishes out of the normal feed and water doors and spilling everything on the bottom of the cage so I got this . Very effective in stopping that behavior since it bolts to the outside of the cage but it seems to be made of similar material as his toys . He 's bitten a decent sized whole in the lip of the cup so I replaced it with a metal one like it .
 Wonderful bowls for my parrot . The cage I got did n't come with bows . These work perfect ! So easy to clean etc. . Very durable .
 I was hesitant when I ordered this cage with the negative reviews saying they continued receiving a damaged product . With my Amazon Prime account I was able to get the steal on Overnight shipping in hopes that the express delivery would negate any shipping damages . Sure enough , the next evening UPS delivered this 75 pound package to my front door . I opened the box to check the contents . The packing was n't the best , but it definitely was n't the worst ! All parts were clean and free of dents or dings . One screw had fallen out , but I was able to find it and replace it immediately.The cage is sturdy and well designed . The playtop is a great addition and the conures enjoy spending time on top of the toy hanger . The cage is secure enough that my smartest Sun Conure can not escape , and is roomy enough that when one of the birds is having a bad day , there is plenty of room to give him his space.The food bowls included clean easily and are fantastic as far as being sterile for the birds . A little hot water cleanse every morning before the addition of food generally keeps them happy.All in all , for the money this was the best deal shipped I could find . There were smaller similar cages for a slightly less cost , but the added size this cage gave me was well worth it !
 The cage was very easy to put together . It is easy to clean and my feathered buddy loves it . A great value for the price . Thank you
 I 've had an African Grey parrot for over 10 yrs . Got her a new cage , and I love it , as does she . It 's easy to assemble , relatively lightweight but still sturdy , has enough food cups to accommodate water , treats and ever-present feed . The bottom drawer is low enough that she ca n't reach through the bars and pull up food she 's dropped which may be sitting in poop . This cage is a perfect size for an African Grey ; she has enough room to flap her wings . And , importantly , the cage was over $ 100 less than others I 've seen in pet stores . With Amazon 's free S&H and delivery to the door , I did n't have to wrestle it from a store into my car , then home , and from the garage into the house , which can be a pain in the posterior with something that is bulky and weighs over 100 # . In short , I highly recommend this cage !
 This cage is great for the price . It is plenty roomy and the seed cups are easy to clean and stay clean . It was easy to assemble and is a sturdy construction . I highly recommend it .
 First a review of the cage itself : This is an excellent cage for my umbrella cockatoo -LRB- she 's a little on the small side -RRB- . It 's just big enough . If it were any smaller we 'd have issues but I 'm very happy with the size . I 'm happy with the feed cup guards . Eden is very smart . We 'll see if she can get them out . I 'm very excited that the grate does n't sit directly on top of the tray where we 'll put newspaper -- NO MORE PAPER SHREDDING ! The latch is smart enough that I 'll no longer need to pad-lock her cage . The guard at the bottom will do an excellent job of catching her loose food . For the first time in 6 years , `` her room '' might stay clean . I 'm excited about the prospects.Now , the assembling instructions where , not impossible , could 've been a little more thorough . We had to correct something that in no way was obvious by the one page instructions for assemblage . It had to do with which way to turn a side panel so that the food guard was positioned correctly for the cup . They assume that you 'll assume much by the vague directions.Now a review of the packaging : I do n't know whether to blame Premier or Amazon for how HORRIBLY this was packaged . The packaging was falling apart when it was delivered and I had to use piers to correctly bend some of the pieces . That . Is . Ridiculous . When you spend 300 $ on something you do n't expect to need to repair it brand new and since the packaging was falling apart it would 've cost a fortune to return it just to receive another packaged the same way . It was deplorable.I 'm going to rate the cage high but if I could rate the packaging it would be far less than one star . There 's another review that expresses the same opinion and need and it takes the cake that this has n't been fixed .
 This is a beautiful cage . It is quite large -LRB- if you go to a pet store and look at large cages , this will be among the largest -RRB- . Our conure loves it though I would definitely purchase a couple of side perches and a swing so that the bird has more options , as the perches that come with the cage are a bit thick . We looked at cages in some pet stores that cost almost 1k and they were n't much better than this.Not sure about shipping issues , as we bought ours as a `` floor model '' in a store . However , we threw that cage in the back of our truck bed . My husband tossed it in pretty hard and pieces started flying around . I was sure it would break , but it did n't break . The pieces that came apart were easy to bold back together when we got home and it was no worse for the wear .
 I was hesitant when I ordered this cage with the negative reviews saying they continued receiving a damaged product . With my Amazon Prime account I was able to get the steal on Overnight shipping in hopes that the express delivery would negate any shipping damages . Sure enough , the next evening UPS delivered this 75 pound package to my front door . I opened the box to check the contents . The packing was n't the best , but it definitely was n't the worst ! All parts were clean and free of dents or dings . One screw had fallen out , but I was able to find it and replace it immediately.The cage is sturdy and well designed . The playtop is a great addition and the conures enjoy spending time on top of the toy hanger . The cage is secure enough that my smartest Sun Conure can not escape , and is roomy enough that when one of the birds is having a bad day , there is plenty of room to give him his space.The food bowls included clean easily and are fantastic as far as being sterile for the birds . A little hot water cleanse every morning before the addition of food generally keeps them happy.All in all , for the money this was the best deal shipped I could find . There were smaller similar cages for a slightly less cost , but the added size this cage gave me was well worth it !
 The cage was very easy to put together . It is easy to clean and my feathered buddy loves it . A great value for the price . Thank you
 I 've had an African Grey parrot for over 10 yrs . Got her a new cage , and I love it , as does she . It 's easy to assemble , relatively lightweight but still sturdy , has enough food cups to accommodate water , treats and ever-present feed . The bottom drawer is low enough that she ca n't reach through the bars and pull up food she 's dropped which may be sitting in poop . This cage is a perfect size for an African Grey ; she has enough room to flap her wings . And , importantly , the cage was over $ 100 less than others I 've seen in pet stores . With Amazon 's free S&H and delivery to the door , I did n't have to wrestle it from a store into my car , then home , and from the garage into the house , which can be a pain in the posterior with something that is bulky and weighs over 100 # . In short , I highly recommend this cage !
 This cage is great for the price . It is plenty roomy and the seed cups are easy to clean and stay clean . It was easy to assemble and is a sturdy construction . I highly recommend it .
 First a review of the cage itself : This is an excellent cage for my umbrella cockatoo -LRB- she 's a little on the small side -RRB- . It 's just big enough . If it were any smaller we 'd have issues but I 'm very happy with the size . I 'm happy with the feed cup guards . Eden is very smart . We 'll see if she can get them out . I 'm very excited that the grate does n't sit directly on top of the tray where we 'll put newspaper -- NO MORE PAPER SHREDDING ! The latch is smart enough that I 'll no longer need to pad-lock her cage . The guard at the bottom will do an excellent job of catching her loose food . For the first time in 6 years , `` her room '' might stay clean . I 'm excited about the prospects.Now , the assembling instructions where , not impossible , could 've been a little more thorough . We had to correct something that in no way was obvious by the one page instructions for assemblage . It had to do with which way to turn a side panel so that the food guard was positioned correctly for the cup . They assume that you 'll assume much by the vague directions.Now a review of the packaging : I do n't know whether to blame Premier or Amazon for how HORRIBLY this was packaged . The packaging was falling apart when it was delivered and I had to use piers to correctly bend some of the pieces . That . Is . Ridiculous . When you spend 300 $ on something you do n't expect to need to repair it brand new and since the packaging was falling apart it would 've cost a fortune to return it just to receive another packaged the same way . It was deplorable.I 'm going to rate the cage high but if I could rate the packaging it would be far less than one star . There 's another review that expresses the same opinion and need and it takes the cake that this has n't been fixed .
 This is a beautiful cage . It is quite large -LRB- if you go to a pet store and look at large cages , this will be among the largest -RRB- . Our conure loves it though I would definitely purchase a couple of side perches and a swing so that the bird has more options , as the perches that come with the cage are a bit thick . We looked at cages in some pet stores that cost almost 1k and they were n't much better than this.Not sure about shipping issues , as we bought ours as a `` floor model '' in a store . However , we threw that cage in the back of our truck bed . My husband tossed it in pretty hard and pieces started flying around . I was sure it would break , but it did n't break . The pieces that came apart were easy to bold back together when we got home and it was no worse for the wear .
 Love them they keep my dogs bright and safe they got excited and ready to go hunting when i pulled the first one out of the package I ordered a bit larger size just in case they would have been tight so i had to make some minor adjustments to them all but a sewing machine took care of that now my dogs are safe in the field .
 Length :
 I bought one for my 59 lb . Vizsla a year or so ago . We do n't hunt but he loves exploring the woods behind the house after he 's been chasing and retrieving with me watching . Most of the time he 's in a large dog yard so the out of the yard time is fun . During hunting season I put this on so I know where he is and hunters can too . They are n't supposed to be hunting where he 's exploring but you never know . This is easy to put on and take off . The 1st couple of times he was annoyed with it and rolled trying to get it off . Now he knows it means he gets to go out and ` play ' even after not wearing it for a few months during off season . I 'll just have to watch the Velcro and not let it get loaded up with dog hair so it wo n't stay fastened . I ordered a medium which seems a little short but large may be too long . Good value for the price and very effective .
 I have a russell terrier mix -LRB- he 's on the big end of that mix-about 30 lbs -RRB- and I bought him this vest . It was almost a little too big , but it worked . I bought it for him to wear while I was on spring break at my parents hunting place . I wanted him to be able to run around without totally having to worry about him since he is tan . He did n't seem to find it really uncomfortable although I 'm sure he 'd rather not wear it .
 There is a hunting preserve close to my family 's farm and we wanted to make sure the family pets were safe when we visited . The orange vests was an inexpensive way to keep our animals visible if they started to explore the farm .
 I bought -LRB- 2 -RRB- vests , one for my 65lb Chocolate lab and my 75lb Viszla mix . The vests fit great . Make sure to expose them to light so the reflective strip works . Even if it has n't been exposed to light the bright orange gives them high visibility . They wear these when we run at night . Now that the sun sets at 4:30 pm most of our run is in the dark . The vest secures around their stomache and around their collar . It works both with a standard collar , and a prong collar . I run one dog with a standard and one with a prong collar . Definately recommend this .
 I take my border collie out camping and hunting and have started using this high-vis vest to keep him safe . The vest is easy to use , a velcro attachement around his collar and another velcro waste band . My dog was curious about his new vest for a while , but that passed once he started moving around . Works great and I highly recomend .
 I ordered two of these reflective vests for my dogs . I enjoy taking them for runs and walks once the sun is down , and these vests are wonderful ! The vests did not bother either of my dogs the first time -- and they now get super excited when they see the vests come out of the closet because they know they 'll be going out . I recommend these vests -- they are bright , well-designed , and well-made .
 Brutus weighs roughly 25 lbs . -LRB- fox terrier -RRB- , and this fits him fine . We go running in the park mostly , so I do n't know if a safety vest was all that neccessary , but we also go running by the road . He knows he looks fine in it , people say so ! It goes on easily enough , except that he 's hyper , and ca n't wait to get going ! Others may have an easier time with their dogs . The elastic strap underneath does n't restrict going pee , and the front area fits around the collar with velcro and moves with the collar , so your dogs wo n't experience discomfort . Highly visible , too . A good way to keep your pet safe .
 My husky would slip this in a second , but our little pug is so small it is hard for her to be seen at night in the winter during late afternoon walks . It keeps her safe and visible and I am happy with it for her , but for a larger dog the looseness could be a problem . Be sure to buy the right size for your dog .
 Love , Love , Love this it has been great , fit my dog good and reflects well . I use it if I walk the dogs late or if we go out to the lake and they run around people see them .
 We live in the woods and during hunting season needed our pup to be visible . This definitely did the trick !
 Fits even my 65 pound hound mix well . I tried the larger one first and it kind of slid around so I ordered the medium one . It is good quality and a good price .
 The first few times I brush a cat 's teeth , they fight it ... . then they decide they LIKE IT and I have to hide my own toothbrush -LRB- es -RRB- , or they climb up on the bathroom counter and gnaw at them trying to brush their own teeth . I 've even had a cat follow me into the bathroom , stand on the counter and head-bonk my elbow while I 'm trying to brush my teeth because they want me to brush theirs.I do n't know what it is about this toothpaste , but they love the stuff , and having their teeth and gums rubbed with the little brush seems to bliss them out . The only negative is that the rubber finger-tip brush is a useless waste of materials ... they do n't like it and it falls off my finger when I try to use it anyway.Want to add a new means of making your cats happy to your arsenal ? Brush their teeth with this stuff ... they 'll fight you the first couple of times , then they 'll come running for you to do it more ... . showing their silly side in the process .
 My vet recommended that I start brushing my cat 's teeth . We eased into it - she tasted it for the first couple of days and slowly started to let me brush her teeth -LRB- only with the long brush -RRB- . It still is n't her favorite activity , but it 's fairly painless . She loves the taste of the toothpaste !
 I 've been brushing the teeth of my two cats for a few weeks now , about every 3 days . They seem to like the taste , and it 's getting a little easier -LRB- they 're pretty lazy and I trim their claws regularly , hurray for no stitches ! -RRB- . Personally , I 'm a fan of the handle brush and not the finger brush , which seems too big for my cat 's mouths . I 'll usually have some of the toothpaste left over in my little bowl at the end - they 'll usually lick it up pretty eagerly , despite their Elvis grimaces when I 'm actually brushing .
 Excellent price for silk plants . Wish it would spread out a little more , but definitely ca n't complain for the great price . Still creates a great look to my tank and helps me to provide natural looking barriers for my cichlids to create their territories around .
 We 've had this dog house for my yellow lab for almost 4 years . Very sturdy . It 's been in the sun the whole time , but has n't had any sun rot . The color has modified slightly , but that 's all . Other than the slight color change it still looks brand new . She 's mostly an outdoor dog , so this house is well used by her . During the winter she stays in it most of the time . There are times when our dog is inside our home but she 'll ask to go outside so she can go in her house . We live in cold , snowy mountains -- lots of skiing , so we 're used to cold weather . Like the other reviewer , we use cedar chips inside -- nice . I like the ideas the reviewer gave about modifying the house with foam . I think we might try that this winter to make it even more cozy . The door was frightening to our dog at first , but she got used to it and now she likes it . I like the window that can be removed in the summer . We might put carpet over those during the winter .
 Since it has n't gotten too cold yet I ca n't comment on how warm it is . But it is definitely a well built , solid house . The pieces lock together in a way that keeps out water and even the windows have plastic covers . My dog is a little wary of the door and it takes coaxing to get her to use it . In nice weather I just prop it open . Overall , a great house and I think it should keep her toasty all winter !
 This dog house is solid when put together ! Easy assembly , strong and durable . I would highly recommend this dog house to anyone with a medium to large size dog . It keeps the dog nice and warm too . I live in a very cold climate -LRB- think 20 below ZERO ! -RRB- and my short haired beagle does just fine spending the night outside in her dog house .
 Buddy is abut 85 lbs , and he really likes this house . He stays nice and cozy . We took the bottom flap of the door off , he likes to see outside .
 I purchased this dog house a couple of years ago now , and have moved twice since purchasing ... it has held up well . I have an 80lb rottweiler who fits this house perfectly , along with a rectangular dog bed . It assembles easily with my only complaint being if you have to move it , it automatically comes apart . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , but can be annoying if you 're just moving it from one side of the patio to another .
 My St. Bernard loves this house . I bought it in the summer and duct taped the hinged door open for a few days . My dog is timid but after throwing in a few dog treats , encouragment and watching me crawl in and out , he became comfortable using it , so I took off the duct tape , crawled inside and he followed ! It was a crazy tight squeeze to get out . The hinged door did n't bother him in the least and it is a great design for keeping rain out and removing in the summer . Now it is winter and he is very dry and warm . I agree with another reviewer that the dog creates his own warmth . I added a cedar bed , but would opt for the heater if it froze more often where I live .
 I purchased this insulated dog house for my black lab pup about a month ago and she loves it ! She easily figured out the hinged entry door the first night and seems to be very comfortable inside even when the overnight lows recently dipped into the 20 's deg F. I do plan on adding ASL 's FHL-20 thermostatically controlled heat pad for the cold Montana winter ahead . In my opinion the maintenance-free construction and pleasing design/appearance of this dog house makes it a good value . Both dog and I highly recommend this product .
 I bought the Dog Palace instead of the smaller model even though my dogs are all Italian Greyhounds , a smaller breed , . Mine came with the 40-watt heater . It was easy to assemble , 6 panels - roof , floor , sides , front and rear , 8 easy to put in screws . It seems to be well built . It is not airtight but that is probably a good thing for the dogs that spend a lot of time inside . So far I have not had to use the heater even though it has gotten into the mid 20 's at night . I installed a remote temperature sensor in the peak to monitor the inside conditions . When the dogs spend time inside the Palace , the temperature eventually gets as much as 35 degrees warmer then the outside temperature without using the heater . When the daytime temperature is in the 50 's it gets over 80 inside when the dogs are there . It is placed in a sheltered area and not exposed to direct sunlight or much wind unless it comes from the south . So far , the dogs have supplied all the `` heat '' . I do n't intend to leave my babies out side during the winter even though they would probably be fine with this warm place for them to go . They will still spend their nights inside with me and the days as well when the weather is bad . The heater manual says it has a built in thermostat and suggests not using it in this application unless the outside temperature gets below 20 degrees . It is also safe to use with blankets . The heater covers less then the floor space in the Palace so if the dogs get hot , they can move off the heater -LRB- covered with blankets in this case -RRB- . The door swings from the top and the bottom half can be removed . This is a great design and I intend to remove the bottom half and set aside next spring . There is a removable plastic window in the bottom half of the door and also one in the peak in the rear that have a built in storage space for when you decide to remove them . This is a very thoughtful addition . When I baby-sit my son 's two Italian Greyhounds , all 9 of them easily fit inside . It will be easy to clean as the floor has a built in drain and is tapered . The door is large enough for even a fat old man like me to crawl in if I ever `` want to '' but the front panel is the last one to be assembled and can be removed very easily if you want full access .
 I purchased this plant for replacement of current plant in 50-gallon aquarium . It looks very similar to actual plant , and I like it .
 My pure bred pug reacts to lots of stuff but he 's been able to eat this treat . I hope he does n't develop an allergy to this too . Be aware that many pure breeds can be delicate and have intestinal issues . Luckily he 's a small dog so a little goes a long way .
 I was just recently given a Boston Terrier , hyper as can be.I needed a snack that he actually likes and is n't to fattening.So i decided to purchase just a small bag of Beggin Stripes.My dog loves them enough that i can teach him tricks and reward him with a balanced snack -LRB- that he can actually enjoy -RRB- . Very good quality -LRB- even smells good -RRB- a deffinet for dog owners .
 This is the second Fido Fleece bed I have purchased for my dog . I have tried other beds , but he would not sleep in them . It is very soft and warm without being too hot for him . He loves it .
 My dog and cat love the new bed ! I have a hard time getting them to do anything but lay in it . The best part is , it is completely washable and so far it has held up well in the wash -LRB- the cat sheds a lot so its been washed about 10 times -RRB- . Your animals will love this too !
 Natures Reptile Vita-Spray , 16-OunceThis product is by far the best I 've used on all my snakes as well as my cornsnake . Having a larger size is even better . I 'm completely satisfied and will order again & again .
 After my older dog passed away , my little dog refused to eat . I tried everything and this is what she would finally eat , and it is good for her !
 We rescued our jack russell/border collie mix 6 years ago and when we first adopted him his teeth were in such poor shape that he had already lost 4 and his breath was just unbelievable . With each passing year , the tartar and bacteria build up was so significant that it was necessary for us to have his teeth cleaned by an expensive surgical procedure . This last cleaning almost ended his life . He had such a severe systemic infection from the decaying teeth and a bone infection that it nearly killed him . Our vet suggested and sold us Nolvadent Solution and told us that the only way we would save Buddy from subsequent surgeries and infections and prolong his life was to gently brush his teeth after every meal -LRB- sound rather familiar ?? -RRB- with Nolvadent.We are now 7 months since his last cleaning and his teeth are as clean and healthy as the day he had the surgery . He even comes up to us just after eating and waits to have his teeth brushed . He knows that it works ! His teeth are strong , white and not coated in tartar and his breath is pleasantly unnoticable . I would recommend Nolvadent to all pet owners !!!
 I bought this rinse for my 13 year old jack russell and 6 year aussie . I brush their teeth with the poultry tooth paste and an oral b professional brush -LRB- one of my old handles that does n't hold a great charge -RRB- . Then I put a small amount of Nolvadent on the brush and brush the teeth , they love it . It makes their breath smell great and keeps the tartar down .
 Now if I can only convince my kitties to hold still.Of course , I am VERy careful about GENTLY applying it to their little moufs !! As always , check with your veterinarian before administering this to them -LRB- in small amounts of course ! -RRB- Purr ...
 This is the only product I use on my dogs , as recommended by my vet . I use a 2 x 2 gauze pad with Nolvadent squirted on it . I wiped down their teeth every night before bed . It is even helping to remove existing tartar , which is pretty amazing . GREAT product .
 This is a excellent product to clean our dog 's teeth . and the service from Fort Dodge was great too .
 Use the Nolvadent every night after brushing our little dog 's teeth with chicken flavored toothpaste . She likes the taste and it puts a seal on her teeth to protect them from dental problems . We 've used it for years . Our little Schnauzer is 8 and has perfect teeth as have our previous 4 .
 Four Paws - Nature 's Reptile Vita-Spray is the best out there for snakes . Also , the nozzle never gets clogged . I will continue ordering this product for my snake .
 It did not work for me - my cats just would not use it . It was n't alone - I had 5 cat scratchers until I finally found one that they would use . My cats might be a little too picky .
 Any product that deters declawing deserves the highest rating . I purchased Pavlov 's Cat Scratch Feeder to train two Siamese kittens after learning that declawing is akin to cutting off half of the toe and not just removing the claws . Declawing is mutilation . This product is filled with food or treats and delivers a spring controlled reward when kitty scratches . Cats are smart and easy to train with the help of this innovative scratch feeder .
 this looked like it would work but my already fat cats would get fatter if they wouldve used the post itself . they were afraid of the givei was able to return it
 I have been looking for something better that flakes . I 'm new to aquariums and being new it 's hard to figure out just how much to feed the fish sometimes . But no matter how little or much I feed them there are always big flakes left over . If you do n't have a really good filter this will just contaminate your tank over time.With this food a newbie can easily feed their fish just the right amount!I got the food in today and immediately had to feed them to see how they liked it and WOW did they love this food . They ate it all . No waste what so ever did I see . They gobble up the whole .5 mm sphere in one gulp . I just put in a pinch at the time and when that 's gone I throw in another small pinch until they are done eating . So easy and simple to feed them now.This food does float for a bit then sinks . And those that like to go to the top and get the food do and those that like to swim around and eat it as it falls have fun eating.This is just what I 've been looking for.Oh , and I read that this is supposed to be a really great food for them . And with it 's anti-parasite properties it should really keep the fish healthy.Now I look forward to feeding the little guys instead of dreading the waste that was going to wind up in the tank and in my filter . I try to keep my water perfect for the little guys and keeping waste food out is very important.So do n't hesitate to try this food . You 're fish will love you for it ! 12/28/2012 Update
 I use this in my community tank with bettas , celestial pearl danios , various otos , and pygmy cories , in rotation with Golden Pearls from Brine Shrimp Direct , fruit flies , Hikari Micropellets , and the occasional frozen bloodworm or brine shrimp . My kids ' betta-and-terta tanks use this pretty much exclusively . Definitely improved the color of my bettas as well as the CPDs and the tetras
 I have kept several freshwater aquariums over the years and always used the flake foods . If you watch , you 'll notice the fish grabbing at the flakes , spitting them out and sucking it back in their mouths over an over trying to break it up into smaller pieces . Usually letting a bunch of it float away where it can rot and cause water chemistry problems.With this food , you just sprinkle it in a pinch at a time and the fish will pick them off and eat them whole . Be sure to get the right size for your fish . I use the smallest one and they eat it without any trouble . They do n't spit it out . for the bottom feeders I still use flakes and just sink them so they can find it . I love watching my fish eat this . Before I know it its all gone , no leftover mess floating around to foul up your tank.The anti parasitic qualities , a plus .
 Was very happy with quality and promptness of filling order . Am working in on using it with our dog . She is timid and we are first using them when she is playing on icy snow .
 Well i got these at Petco ... they were the last pair there ... apparently they 're not stocking them anymore ? i bought them for just one foot , he had a mole on one of his toes , and chewed it up , and i have to keep it covered when he goes outside until it heals ... anyway , i was hoping these would n't be too small for him ... i brought them home and put it on his injured foot ... it was a tight fit , but MAN ! these things ... are awesome ! The black blended in with his fur , so you do n't really notice them -LRB- i 'm not a fan of pet clothing -RRB- and they do n't fall off ! I suggest getting these things as small as possible for the dog 's foot ... I can say that if these were any larger for him , they might have fallen off !
 Beggin ' Strips are my dog 's favorite treats . She gets one a day - after the first time she 's been outside in the morning . If you forget to give her a Beggin ' Strip or try to give her a different treat , she lets you know !
 Spreads out very nicely to create natural looking cover for my cichlids . Helps them make their territories easily and reduce aggression .
 The title pretty much says it all , much better looking than the plastic plants , the only problem i 've had with a few of these is the stems coming unglued from their base . Some aquarium silicon and they 're fixed .
 I walk my Flatcoat and Hound with this . The hardware is very robust . I could not find one as good as this locally . The pride is right .
 Heavy duty , Easy to handle works great with our pomerians . We bought another type but this one is more secure .
 I have two dogs and when I walk them on leashes they always get tangled and I feel like I spend more time fixing that than actually walking . This is a good solution . It 's heavy duty and has extra padding on the part I hold on to which is appreciated.I use this to walk my dogs only . I go to dog events and my dogs get too excited and I end up getting stuck between them on the leash at such events , but when we are just walking it does its job well .
 Got this for my husband to walk our two dogs , a Golden Retriever and a little mini poodle . He is loving the leash ; works just as advertised and says it 's a lot better than the gerry-rigged leash he had been using . Combined with the Inova Microlight Keychain Flashlight attached and they are all good to go : &#62; -RRB-
 Bought this leash several years ago and still using it for my two greyhounds . It is the best double leash I have ever seen -- does not get tangled !
 After I ordered this leash , I continued to read reviews and then was concerned that it would be too heavy for my dogs . However , it works perfectly for my slightly overweight -LRB- 33 lbs . -RRB- Boston Terrier & French Bulldog . And , I like that I can adjust the space between them . Saw a similar leash at Petco for $ 27 . This was a good deal .
 This is a sturdy leash of unexpectedly good quality for the price . The handle is padded for instance to keep it from digging into your hand when the dogs pull . I 'm very happy with it .
 I have 2 50lb beagle mixes that I walk regularly with this leash , and I have to say it works great . Between holding onto them and pushing a stroller my hands are full , but if it was n't for this leash I would be unable to do both of those things at the same time . Since I have hounds , they are prone to chasing rabbits or any other critter that gets flushed out from where they are walking , so there has been a few times when considerable force has been applied , and this leash has held up perfectly . i would recommend it for sure .
 I love it . Best leash out there , i have a Cockalier who is hyperactive and a Cockapoo who is pokey . And it works great for both of them .
 I would not buy any other lease for my two Goldens . They are both 55 Lbs and the lease works perfectly . Thank you for an excellent product .
 I hesitated buying this for a long time , because I thought it might be too heavy for my Miniature Schnauzers , who weigh around 13 to 14 lbs . I needed something with a swivel , because they were getting tangled together when I walked them , and my hands were getting caught as well . I am thrilled with this product . It has totally solved my problem , and I really like the clips that attach to their collars , as they are very easy to clip on . The dogs walk beautifully together , and it has made walking them a real pleasure . I would have to agree with other reviewers , that I would not purchase this for toy sized dogs , as it may be too large or heavy for the tiniest dogs .
 This leash is great for taking 2 dogs on a walk together . I am a dog sitter and frequently have several dogs at my house and this makes it so much easier to take several of them on a walk together .
 This product made it much easier to walk our two dogs at the same time . We have a beagle and a dachshund . It is adjustable and has a soft grip handle . The only complaint is that it should be a little longer of a leash .
 I bought this leash for my mother , who is 71 . She has two pekingese 's and had been tripped by them twice when trying to walk them on two different leashes . This leash is great for taking the dogs on a walk . However , she 's found that when she takes them out to do their business , it 's better to still take them out separately because when they were on this double leash , they kept bothering/interrupting each other . However , this is still a good , sturdy leash w / a great cushioned handle .
 I kindda love this product , but my male dog kindda stronger more than my female dog ... so she got tag a long alot .
 Love it . This works great for me as I have a Boxer and a Boston Terrier which are quite different in height . The leash allows me to set it longer for the little dog so that each of them has the same amount of lead . Much heavier duty than I thought . Love the swivel - no more getting tangled .
 This is a great product ; well built ; very good quality . It is great for dogs weighing 20 pounds or more . One caution , though ... the leash and hardware is so heavy duty that it is to `` heavy '' for puppies and toy/very small dogs . Sporn needs to sell the same product but designed for dogs under 20 pounds .
 I bought this but found the swivel clips to be too heavy for my Shih Tzu and Yorkie so I gave it to my friend who has bigger dogs . It 's pretty good quality and heavy duty .
 I have a 50 lb . lab/Pitt mix and a 10 lb . toy poodle . I just got the leash in the mail today and tried it out ; what a difference this will make for me . I have been walking the dogs with two separate retractable leashes that would continuously get tangled up especially if while walking we encountered another dog . This leash is adjustable so that I can lengthen the leash for one dog or shorten it . I was a little concerned about purchasing the leash due to the reviews mentioning that the coupler was too heavy for toy breeds but I do n't find the leash to be heavy for my 10 lb . toy poodle .
 This product allows two dogs to be handled with relative ease . I have two Cairn Terriers , which are small dogs , and it is not to big and unwieldy even for their size . My one is still a pup and sometimes likes to start fighting on the walks with the older dog , but this leash solves that by allowing adjustment of the lead length to each dog . I shorten the lead to the pup which lengthens the lead to my adult dog and now he can avoid the pups playful biting and such while walking . This feature would also work well for different sized dogs . The only thing I can say is that putting any two dogs together means more pulling on you . I used to have a Malamute and I ca n't imagine trying to hold two of her back . I think the leash would hold two Malamutes but you darn well better be ready to hold on on your end.Overall Great Product
 I have an American Eskimo and a Maltese/Terrier mix and it works wonderfully . I did n't find the buckles heavy at all . The only problem is when one of them stops and the other wants to keep going ! The handle is very comfortable and the lead is a good size . Overall a good product for a reasonable price .
 I have a large dog -LRB- 65 lbs -RRB- and a small dog -LRB- 15 lbs -RRB- , and I use this to walk them every day , and have n't had a problem .
 This leash worked out great the padding in the handle is super comfortable and the clasps are heavy duty . It has no problems with two german shepherds and the adjustableness is super easy to work out
 I love this thing ! I do n't fall down anymore when I am waking 3 dogs ... when I have two on this double lead . Quality is FANTASTIC ! I just wish I invented it . It is a must buy for multi dog walking !
 This double dog leash has been wonderful . I hold the single soft handle and walk both dogs on the leash at once . You can adjust the length of the part attached to each dog . The clamp on the leash does n't seem to work well , but I was able to remedy that by tying a knot in it . Now both dogs walk comfortably along . I like that it is so sturdy too .
 This works perfect for my Shihtzu mix -LRB- 10 lbs -RRB- and German Shepherd mix -LRB- 40 lbs -RRB- that are terrible walkers ! There are no more tangled leashes ! Walking them is much more enjoyable now !
 This leash is fantastic ! It is quality made and such a bargain ! I checked out the reviews before purchasing and it exceeded my expectations . I bought a used leash and I do n't know how it was used because it is perfect . I saw a leash which appeared to be exactly the same and the price was four times the price I paid ! Naturally , I am overly satisfied with the purchase with Amazon .
 I purchased this double leash because I have a large pitbull/shepard mix and a smaller chihuahua/wiener dog mix . I used to walk them on separate leashes , which worked out alright , but was still a bit tedious keeping track of two leashes . This product has been helpful in alleviating crossed and tangled leashes and has a comfortable , padded loop handle that I appreciate . The leash and fasteners are of sturdy materials and I have not had an issue with the product yet . My big dog can be a pain to walk because he attempts to chase every moving object in his path , but this leash allows me to maintain control and my smaller dog does n't get all tangled up . The padded handle helps protect my hand against the tug of the leash and is more comfortable to walk with than other leashes . Being able to adjust the lengths of each leash end is a bonus . This double dog leash works perfect for my motley duo and they are happy to be walking again .
 I bought this to walk my two mini schnauzers . The alpha dog is a 16 lb female and , while she may sometimes want to lead the way she is good on leash . The other is a very young 21 lb . male who is very strong willed and very difficult to leash walk . In fact , he wants to pull like a sled dog . I absolutely loved this leash the first time I used it . It has a great padded handle and the dogs can cross each others paths without getting tangled . The leash seemed to be working fine until I realized our female did not want to go on walks anymore , and when we went she would n't do her business . I came to realize that on our walks the male was pulling to the point that our other dog was constantly being jerked , which made it very unpleasant for her . The only way to control the stronger dog was to grab the lower part of the lead on his side to try to keep him in control and relieve the pressure on the other dog . We had to give up on this leash and go back to working with the dogs on individual leashes . If you have dogs who walk well on leash , this would probably work great .
 My two dogs never been on a split leash so it was really entertaining watching them bump into each other every other step . One of my dog is 60lb and one is 40lb . with their pulling and tugging , the leash works very well to keep them both in check .
 I purchased this a little over a week ago for walking our two 60 lb dogs -LRB- one lab , one mutt -RRB- . This is so much better than trying to handle two separate leashes ! There are several design elements I particularly appreciate about this product compared to some others I saw when looking for a double leash . First , the swivel hardware that keeps the two leads from getting tangled . Second , the ability to quickly and easily change the amount of lead each dog has available . I did n't see many other double leashes with an option like that . I was a bit concerned when I ordered it about the quality because the price was so reasonable . I was pleasantly surprised that it seems quite well made . I decided to give it a week of use before writing a review to see if was holding up to the test and so far it is working great . Another note - my dogs do n't pull very much , but the padding inside the loop handle is still much appreciated . Giving it four stars only because I do n't know how well it will hold up long term .
 We have two pugs and this leash is perfect . They do n't get tangled no matter how many times they change sides . Strong , well built and a great price .
 my dogs are so strong and active , i had a hard time walking them . But this leash is pretty good . My dogs are both medium sized dogs , so I like that you can adjust the leash so that one gets more slack than the other .
 i just recieved this today and is soo great ordered another for my neibor who has 2 dogs also so much easyer walking too
 I was really surprised by the quality and design . The range of adjustments and use of swivels to prevent the problems of using to independent leashes is outstanding .
 this product works great have used it a few times big suprise makes my walks a lot easier with two dogs !
 LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT . I HAVE 2 DOGS ABOUT 20 LBS EACH AND THEY ARE DOING GREAT WITH THIS LEASH . NOW I HAVE ONE FREE HAND WHEN WE GO WALKING . SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT THIS 2 YEARS AGO WHEN I GOT MY 2ND DOG !!!
 Purchased for a gift and they seem to like it . It will make it easier to walk both dogs without them getting tangled up .
 This leash works great with my Rottweiler and McNab Shepherd . Makes it much easier and more enjoyable to walk them and they do n't get tangled ! Highly recommend .
 Great leash . I have two six month standard poodles in training , but when they get together for a walk it 's like a competition to see who can get the stick first , who can get the most attention from a passerby , who can reach the passing dog first . By the time our walk was over my back was pulled out , leashes tangled , and I would be swearing they would never go on a walk together the rest of their lives . Then I saw this leash and thought why not ... inexpensive and nothing to lose and I needed help . It has worked perfectly . They each have plenty of leash to do their own thing , yet I can shorten it to control them better if we are in a crowded area . The leash swivels so there is no tangling and the design , along with the padded handle , lessens the strain on my back . All in all a great purchase and highly recommended .
 My wife and I recently brought home a new dog for a total of two . We were at petco and saw a double-dog leash for around $ 30 bucks and it was nowhere near this quality . I am so glad that we decided to purchase this leash.You can tell immediately that this is high quality . The leash is thick and sturdy . The part you hold in your hand is slightly cushioned . The leash has a feature so that when the dogs criss-cross , the leash twists with them and wo n't become twisted up and knotted.There is another feature where you can let one part of the leash out longer than the other , which we immediately used . Right away we could see the quality . The latch that holds the leash in place after being adjusted is serious quality and I ca n't see many scenarios where it could fail.Our main satisfaction with this leash is the quality . It does what it claims , does it well and we can easily tell that this is not some Walmart , made-in-China piece of junk . This is a quality leash that will hold up over time.We have two Terrier mix dogs . One is around 35 lbs and the other is around 25 lbs . Using this leash is so much easier than trying to walk them both on separate leashes . Even when my wife and I would walk one dog each on their own leashes , we still spent most of the walk getting untwisted after they criss-crossed . We would both highly recommend this leash for people with two dogs . It might be an issue if you have larger dogs that may over-power you , but if one person is walking two large dogs , it would be a problem without this leash too .
 This product is great so you do not have to have two dog leashes . I bought this for my mom who has two the same size . This works great instead of two leashes . Would recommend this to anyone who has multiple dogs they walk !
 This is a fantastic leash . I have a 9 lb and 16 lb schnoodle and it works wonderful . After reading other reviews I was concerned it might be too heavy but it was just fine . The handle is really soft and comfortable and works well for my daughter and my husband . High Quality and very well made : -RRB-
 Our two neurotic dogs love this leash . When we hook it together , they can easily go on walks together , and not need to be separated . Horrible , horrible separation.It 's sturdy , well put together , and has been hassle free since we got it .
 I rescue/foster dogs on a regular basis and tried a variety of couplers - different types , `` adjustability '' mechanisms , lengths , thicknesses , etc.My own dog is often shorter than my foster dogs , and is better on a leash than they are , so I continually had to make knots and adjust for the height differential.This coupler/leash is EXCELLENT and provides maximum flexibility for walking dogs of various sizes.I wish I would 've bought this one first ... before throwing away money on the others ! : - / I do agree with the other reviewers ' assessment that this coupler/leash seems to be designed for larger dogs . However , the hardware is * not * unbearable for the smaller guys . My own dog weighs 18 lbs and my fosters range from 12-20 . None of them seem to mind the hardware . Perhaps teeny-tiny dogs would find it too heavy , but so far I have n't had any problems.There 's only one little thing I 'm not crazy about - the leash 's handle . Why ? It 's quite large , padded , and seems designed for handling large , heavy dogs . This is not a big deal though . I still recommend this leash/coupler combination wholeheartedly.If you 're looking for maximum flexibility for walking dogs of different shapes , sizes , heights , etc. do n't look any further .
 I love this double leash . Before , the two dog leashes would get tangled and wrapped around each other . That never happens anymore . I also love the clasps at the end of the leash that you attach to the collar of the dog . They are different from any I 've seen and work much easier . They are also high quality thick metal . One of my dogs used to be able to somehow squirm around until the old dog leash clasp would somehow let her go . This new clasp keeps her collar securely connected to the leash , but of course , she can still get out of the collar if it loosens enough . If I ca n't get her to stop chewing on the leash , looks like I 'll be buying another one of these eventually . I definitely recommend this leash to anyone with 2 dogs and will be buying one again eventually .
 I have two disobedient Scotties who pretty much walk me for miles around my neighborhood . The leash works well with having one dog that wants to walk faster than the older dog . The leash is very sturdy , and I like having a padded handle . The only problem I am having is making the metal latch stay closed . I may need to adjust it more . Very sturdy and well made leash .
 I found this leash to be excellent . It even solved the problem of walking one larger dog and one smaller one . They seem to know they need to stay at the same pace . The construction of this product was excellent considering the price . I have suggested it to some friends who have two dogs .
 I used this leash for my two cattle dogs . One walks in a straight line , the other spins in cirlces . I could adjust the spinning dog with a longer lead , and all worked well .
 I love this leash ! With two dogs who pull , this makes walking so much easier . The dogs learn early on not to pull , since it pulls the other dog 's weight . Walks are so much more enjoyable ! It also has a great feature where you can adjust the lengths for shorter and taller dogs walking together , which sometimes I have . The handle is also super soft and comfortable , unlike any leash I have gotten at the pet store . Overall , I would recommend it to anyone with multiple dogs they walk .
 We have 3 Boston Terriers of differing ages ... 2 puppies learning to leash walk and a 14 year old grandpup . After several attempts at using 3 leashes and getting twisted , tripped , and frustrated , we ordered the double leash . It turned out to be much better than we expected . The first walk with the double leash went so smoothly , that it made the day before look like a total disaster.The leash has a padded suede soft handle and a swivel which makes twisted leashes a thing of the past . It is the perfect size for our small dogs giving them enough room to move independently , but under control . Highly recommended if you are walking multiple pooches .
 I purchased this back in July and now I am back for 2 more . This leash works great for my 2 Siberian Huskies ; one is blind and depends on the other for guidance . I can shorten her side so that she walks slightly behind the seeing dog . The leash is strong enough to handle that extra ` pull ' that you get from Husky dogs . I plan to keep one in the trailer for when we camp and the third in my car , just in case it is needed . Would defiantly recommend to those who have medium sized breeds !
 I agree with reviewer W. Smithwick
 Fantastic product ! Love the adjustable length between the dogs . I 've been looking for a way to run with my two 80 lb dogs that was a lot more manageable ... and this is it !
 I walk two dogs everyday using this leash , a strong as an ox pitbull and a hard-headed husky . Before I found this leash I walked each on a separate leash , which did n't work out very well . They would get tangled and/or I would get tangled , and sometimes I would end up on the ground . This is actually my second one , the first one the clasp broke , I do n't know how it happened , my son was walking them and came back with a broken leash , claimig he did n't know how it broke . Since the leash has a life-time warranty , I called Sporn , they told me to return it and in a few weeks received the new one . I 've been using it for about 2 years with no problem . But since my dogs pull relentlessly , I 'm afraid with all the strain something may go . I found them cheaper at Amazon than what I paid for the original one , so I ordered two , just in case .
 Got this to be able to walk our 65 lb lab/boxer mix and our currently 40 lb Golden Retriever puppy . I love it ! BUT - the locking mechanism does NOT stay locked and the dogs are constantly taking turns pulling ahead of each other . Instead of staying locked , it pops open and enables either side of the leash to be pulled ahead depending on which dog pulls ahead . Which is n't really a problem for us ; the dogs seem to enjoy being able to do that and I do n't mind . So I let them do their thing and no longer try making it stay locked . I tried countless times to make it stay locked just because I know it should be working that way . Gave up and we 're now happy being able to do our thing . The length is perfect , the thickness and quality of everything besides the locking mechanism is outstanding . I am glad I bought this .
 Very impressed with the quality and strength of this product . I have 2 dogs with a total weight of 230lbs . and this product works perfectly . Of course they are trained and are n't pulling on it like crazy . For the price of a cheap single nylon leash , ca n't be beat .
 two dogs ... . not a problem . :-RRB- thank you . this is just exactly right . i 'm traveling alone with 2 dogs and it helped sooo much !
 I had some very specific reasons for getting this leash .1 . I WANT my dogs to pull , as I am teaching them `` Dog Scootering '' .2 . I have a bad back , & I want the dogs to be pulling me up the hills we hike -LRB- helps my back be less painful -RRB- . I put the harnesses on the 2 big dogs I have -LRB- an Aussie Shepard 65 # , & a lab 53 # so far -RRB- , & this works great for me.I also want to teach these 2 dogs to pull as a team . So I like that I can shorten the coupler part of the leash & keep them walking together . If I wasnt able to adjust the distance between them , what happens -LRB- as they are learning -RRB- , 1 will split off to sniff something , come around quickly & clip you behind the knees . With this leash , when the coupler part is short , they are unable to do that.I also have 2 Jack Russells , 1 is 21 # , & the other is 15 # . I dont think this would work well for them , as the leash is sturdy
 What a great bargain ! With Prime , I paid less than eight bucks and it arrived in one day , after checking `` two-day shipping . `` For the price , I was n't expecting the quality I received , although I 've previously purchased Sporn products and been happy.There are three swivels , a main one and one at each end where the leash clips to the dog collar or harness . These do a great job of eliminating tangles.It takes a couple minutes to adjust the length because it 's designed so it wo n't easily come out of adjustment . There is a double click to make sure it stays where you put it.I do dog sitting and often get very different size dogs who are not normally together on walks . This leash does a great job of allowing for problems I 've encountered with dogs splitting up , etc. . If one dog pulls harder than the other , that one gets the short side leash so the other dog does n't get constantly yanked.As others have said , the hardware is a little heavy and sturdy . Not so much I 'd be afraid to put a ten-pound dog on this leash unless it 's old or has health problems . The best part of this thing is I can spend my walks looking out for the dogs rather spend the whole time trying to untangle leashes . Using this with aSporn Nylon Non Pulling Dog Harness , Large/X-Large , BlackorSporn Pet Halter , Medium , Redhas made walking lots of different dogs so much easier.This review makes me look almost like a shill for Sporn , but I did n't know the brand until I was trying to find the most affordable yet effective products for controlling dogs . Amazon just has really good pricing on this brand and the products seem well designed and manufactured .
 Came before date quoted . Sturdy and exactly as described . Definitely well made . Takes the dogs some getting used to - walking so close but that does n't have to do with the leash quality . Need to practice where to place the slider for the length of each dog .
 The leash was an excellent quality product and exactly what I needed for my two 15 lb . dogs . It 's easier to handle them now .
 Very nice and comfortable product , I can walk with my two dogs -LRB- bearded collie and spinone -RRB- very well and the handgrab is very soft !
 This double leash is great . The only thing is that sometimes the clasp that controls the lengths opens up if my dogs pull hard . Not a big deal . I would buy this again .
 Our dog resists going outside in the winter . With Paw Tectors he is feels more comfortable going outside and actually taking an effective walk . While getting used to putting the boots on can be challenging at first , after a few tries both you and the dog will get the hang of if . We have two pairs and both show only minor wear after two years of use . Other softer elastic style boots never stayed on , but with the velcro wrapped tight , these boots have only fallen of a few times .
 Paw Tectors do a great job of protecting my dog 's feet from dirt , mud , salt , snow , etc. . Putting them on and taking them off take some getting used to , but once you make it part of your routine , it 's a cinch !
 Tried several commercial problems to alleviate our Lhasa 's skin problem which seems to curse long haired dogs in this Florida climate Tried several other remedies , this works very well to alleviate scratching and relieve hot spots . I recommend it .
 AND they help with their breath ! My supermarket used to carry these and then stopped - I was so happy to find them on Amazon !
 The number of deaths I have been having has dropped dramaticly since using this product . My only 2 issues are my tank smells of garlic and the tank will turn brown as will your filter media .
 I did n't use this for it 's intended purpose - but it works just fine for what we needed it for ! Good quality .
 THESE ARE THE BEST , BEST , BEST BALLS EVER !!!! FOR SEVERAL REASONS . THE DOGS REALLY CAN NOT DESTROY THEM , AND THEY TRY . THEY CAN GET SOME OF THE GREEN OFF , BUT NOT DESTROY THIS BALL . EVEN MY BIG 125LB DOG CA N'T DESTROY THIS LITTLE BALL . THE SECOND REASON , SOFT FOR THE DOG TO CATCH . THE THIRD REASON , WHEN THE BALL IS WET FROM SLOBBER IT DOES NOT PICK UP DOG HAIR OR DIRT FROM THE CARPET . -LRB- I KNOW THAT SOUNDS LIKE I DO N'T CLEAN , BUT I HAVE REALLY LONG HAIR SO IN MY BATHROOM THERE IS ALWAYS HAIR ON THE FLOOR BETWEEN VACUUMING . I HAVE 3 DOGS , SO THERE IS ALWAYS DOG HAIR BETWEEN VACUUMING ON COUCHES , CHAIRS , FLOOR . PLUS THE DOGS TRACK IN DIRT -RRB- OTHER RUBBER TYPE BALLS WHEN SLOBBERED ON COME BACK WITH STUFF STUCK ALL OVER THEM , THESE ARE WONDERFUL !!!!
 I have a miniature dachshund and he LOVES this ball . Yes , he sits down and pulls off the continents immediately . I feel it 's kinda like when kids eat the heads and arms off of the gingerbread men-it 's fun ! Does n't mean you throw away the rest of the cookie , or the ball ! Once all the pieces are pulled off and spit out , it 's still his favorite ball . As a scent-hound he loves to chase after the ball and then smell around where it 's been before . He 's actually obsessed with it and will chase it until we take it away at night . Highly recommended for scent hounds .
 My Koi is now about 8 inches from head to tail and has grown up on this food . People still comment about how beautiful he is . I like this food and am going to order some more ; I would highly recommend it.Spectrum Medium Koi Formula 4.5 mm Floating 375gm -LRB- Catalog Category
 This is almost a must-have for your Habitrail Mini cage . Your pet likes to have a small closed-in space for sleeping . Orange bottom will detach and close off the entrance , so you can leave the clear plastic attached while the outpost floor is cleaned.This will also help keep little fingers from scaring a sleeping dwarf hamster / mouse and getting bitten .
 i sometimes have trouble unscrewing the part and putting it back on , but otherwise my chinese dwarf hamster likes it alot and its a nice little place for them to build a nest
 The pellets are perfect for bettas from 1 month fry to adult ! This bucket seem like it will last quite a bit long . I do n't know why the price is so cheap for such high quality pellets . Compare to buying the smaller packages , this is the real deal . If you own a few bettas , then maybe this is not for you as it will last a lifetime onto your grandchildren 's grandchildren and possibly their grandchildren . Anyway , good stuff .
 This is currently the best dry fish food for general marine reef aquarium use -LRB- 1mm pellets apply here as well - big fish may have a problem with this small pellet size , but tangs do quite well with both of these smallest sizes -RRB- . Anemones and many corals love it as well . Some fish really go for this food rabidly right from the get-go while some have to get used to pellets , but they do . I have used Thera + A for about 5 years now , and as my staple food for the last two years since Vibragrow small marine pellets went out of production . Thera + A does wonders for color almost as well as Vibragrow , naturally and helpfully for best fish health as well - not only for good healthy color . Thera + A is better in some ways than Vibragrow was , but not quite as good in other ways , but Thera + A is still currently king of dry fish foods - rest assured.Some dry fish foods really should not be used as a staple food and will not maintain top health like this one does . Thera + A has not only the wide variety but also the proper variety for maximizing fish health . Thera + A also has garlic which does seem to make some difference as well , in my opinion and in the opinions of many other hobbyists as well . I used to make my own frozen food mix with very similar variety , and sell it locally too , which also had Selcon ingredients in it as well . It was tops for taste -LRB- according to many , many fish -RRB- and for variety and health too , but was not so convenient to make or even to feed , and not quite as good on the color enhancement for the fish . The pellet form of Thera + A also locks in the vitamins -LRB- and other nutrients -RRB- , until the fish can eat it , better than flake or frozen do.Some hard to keep fish do at least somewhat better when fed this food , such as the Mandarin Goby which may ignore other foods or just not get the food value from other foods which they must normally must get from live foods -LRB- like copepods which grow naturally right in well kept reef aquariums -RRB- to give them the specialized nutrition they need to survive and thrive in captivity .
 I love Thera A ! My fish live by it , and they love it ! My fish are very healthy and for the size -LRB- 2270g -RRB- , you ca n't beat this price ! For all new fish owners , GET THIS it might seem pricy compared to cheap food . But there 's a BIG Difference ! Cheaper foods do n't have probably even 1/10th of the nutrition in this . If you want healthy colorful fish , then get this . Hope this helps
 This is a nice brush for the horse 's face . It is soft , but it does n't really get too much `` hard '' dirt off the face . It does what it advertises though so ca n't complain .
 This stuff is awesome ! It does a particularly good job of bleaching out stains ; you can watch a stain disappear within seconds of application . This is the only cleaner I 've found that can handle cat diarrhea on the carpet -LRB- bad kitty ! -RRB- . It handles the odor pretty well too , though sometimes a second application helps .
 This is an excellent product for when a pet has an `` accident '' . The damp cloth bit that the label suggests work extreemly well . Highly recommended .
 Unfortunately , I have 5 cats that throw up quite a bit . Sometimes I feel like I 'm awash in it . Yuck . Anyway , I have a Hoover steam carpet cleaner that I use . I just let this pre-treater soak in for a few minutes and then use the steam cleaner - and the stain is gone.Can ' t ask for anything better .
 I 'm buying another bottle since this stuff really works ! It 's not soapy , so there are no suds scumming up the carpet , plus it does n't lighten up the section you use it on -- it all looks like the same carpet you started with ! This wonderful product simply removes the stain and the smell -LRB- works on oriental carpeting also . -RRB- It 's handy to have two bottles -LRB- one upstairs , one down -RRB- for the `` inevitable '' consequences of having pets ! Do n't you just love your li'l darlings ?
 I 've used other products . This works better than anything . Removes odor and stain .
 This is by far the best product we `` ve used for cleaning up after are almost untrainable doxies.If you follow the directions the stains are gone .
 Love this stuff ! I practically carry this stuff around with me all day . I have a cat who refuses to use his litterbox , a 2 year old dog who finally stopped having accidents , and a brand new puppy who does not understand you pee outside only yet . This product is amazing and I will be ordering another bottle real soon !
 Tried lots of others that only work half way . This one really did clean up some old stains .
 I used one bottle for half my small living room . It works really well . I recommend buying a few bottles if you are doing more than one room .
 When you buy habitrail products you need to understand there are two types - regular and mini . ALL habitrail mini products are specifically meant for mice and dwarf hamsters , NOTHING larger !!! We care for 15 rescue roborovski dwarf hamsters and have 6 different habitats with tubes , toys , and hideaways for each one , so we can keep them separated by gender and compatability . All of the Hagen habitrail mini products work great for dwarf hamsters , since they are smaller to make it easier for the little folk to get around in them . The larger habitrails do n't work well for dwarfs and mice - in fact , some of them do n't work at all . They 're just too big . So if you have the larger rodents such as Syrian hamsters or rats , get the larger habitrail products . It 's easy to distinguish them - the larger ones are marked `` habitrail '' while the smaller ones are all marked `` habitrail mini '' . You also need to get used to using the connectors . The so-called instructions on Hagen products are pretty worthless . Make sure you have both tubes you 're connecting set securely into the connector with the outer ring loose on the inner ring . Then while the two tubes you 're connecting are both snuggly fit into the connector , turn the outer connector ring until the little grooves in the inner and outer rings are pretty much lined up with each other . It does n't have to be exactly lined up but just close to each other . You 'll notice that it takes quite a bit of strength to turn the outer ring to make it line up like this . But once you get the hang of it , the great part of these connectors is that they are foolproof . They absolutely will not come loose once they are tightened like this . The Crittertrail and SAM connectors are n't nearly as tight as these Habitrail connectors . So when I 've used those kinds , our curious cats were able to knock the tubes loose so one of the high speed little Robos got out . It 's quite a chore to retrieve one once they 're loose . Can take up to two hours to lure them out of their hiding place with their favorite foods.I highly recommend the Habitrail mini equipment for anyone with dwarf hamsters or mice . They love the smaller size and variety of different things to do in the whole mini line . There are a few of the mini items that I have n't found very useful and have discontinued using
 This makes a great tower addition to my Mini Habitrail setup . I keep dwarf hamsters and when I discovered they fit through the bars of my old cage I decided I needed this type of habitat . I 'm 19 so I obviously did n't want a goofy multi-color toy cage , I 'm happy Habitrail is very modern and clean.It 's escape proof , all of the Habitrail 's products are . I 'm glad I bought this Mini Loft to add to my setup , the small `` trails '' are perfect for my dwarfs and they are escape proof but human-friendly to open and clean.The only problem I have is that it 's hard for such small critters to climb UPWARD even in Mini Trails . The curve does make it easier but I may need to switch the tubes leading up to this with an Elbow , but I still love these tubes!I plan to buy many of the Habitrail products to complete my setup .
