 My 6 month old GSD female has done a number on the grass at my current rental . I have used Green Grass tablets for 2.5 weeks now and as far as I can tell , there are no new burn marks on the grass . I have seen no side effects with her either . Her coat is still shiny and her breath is still just as dogish as before.UPDATE
 People do have to be very careful with what kind of medications they give their pet , even if the medicine is something as seemingly innocuous as lawn protector tablets . My mom had a little bichon frise who she used to give these tablets to . After a while the dog developed urinary problems and required surgery . The poor thing 's bladder was consumed by ulcers and scarring . Unfortunately , at the time we had no idea what was causing the problem , because she was also giving the tablets to her Border collie , with no ill effects . Sad to say , that after long term use of the tablets -LRB- note that the recommended dose / weight was being used -RRB- , the bichon 's bladder ended up rupturing and he died . Mom bought another bichon soon after . In two weeks he started to show the same weird symptoms and after taking him to the vet it was determined that it was these lawn guard tablets that were the cause . The new pup is off the tablets and doing fine . Maybe it is the size of the dog or the breed that makes the difference ? I 'm not sure because the tablets worked fine when we were giving them to the collie and she never had a problem with them . I just wish that we found out about this sooner , before it cost us one of our pets .
 Be very careful when using this product , it gave our pup a bladder infection and she started having accidents while laying down . Once we removed this from her diet she healed and has not had an accident since . So it could work for you , but it could also cause unnecessary harm to your pet . Look into preventative maintenance for your lawn before you put your pets health at risk like we did .
 Save your money . This product did not work for us . We used this supplement with great expectations that it would help stop the burning of our lawn . After 45 days we still see almost immediate burn from our dog 's urine . We followed the instructions exactly . I have researched and have found that there are no dietary supplements or additives that will help with the problem as the damage is done by the high concentration of nitrogen in the dog 's urine , not the PH level as some claim .
 My dog continues to leave yellow spots all over my lawn after continued daily use for over 4 months . I wish I could return this item .
 All , I purchased these as we have two dogs and I wanted to give it time to work -LRB- I `` m on my third container . After feeding my dogs two of these each for the past 10 months , my neighbors side yard still has mutiple burns in it -LRB- our house was new so the dogs learned to use the neighbors green grass instead of our dirt and now that we had sod , they still run over there to relieve themselves and all you see if yellow burn marks -RRB- . I 'm going to switch over to dog rocks and see if that works . This product reduces the kill rate , but when they go in about the same spot , they still kill the grass with this product .
 I have tried this product in every possible dosage for a long period of time , it DOES NOT WORK . It does absolutely nothing , has no effect on lawn spots . At first I followed the instructions to the letter , and got nothing , then I tried a higher dosage , and got nothing . Thinking that this product must work after reading the reviews , I ordered another bottle and tried even higher dosages . It still did not work , not even a slight reduction in yellow spots . I would advise anyone against using this product , in my experience it DOES NOT WORK .
 There are lots of old `` theories '' circulating about just what in the urine causes the killing off of your prized grass . The most common of these misguided opinions is that the urine is acidic and ` burns ' the grass . As a result , a host of home remedies have arisen to change the pH of the urine . These measures rarely work because the real culprit in urine burns is nitrogen.This product does not work and can be harmful to your pet . Your pet may develop kidney , bladder or liver problems .
 pH does n't cause majority of the dead spots , it is nitrogen , and this product does nothing for nitrogen -- in fact nothing can change the nitrogen content of urine , including tomato juice . Save your cash and buy some crushed lime . Turn the soil where the grass is yellow , sprinkle in lime , give it a lot of water , and re-seed .
 This product did n't work for either of my dogs . I gave the tablets as directed for over a month and there was not difference in the burn marks on my lawn . Easier to just give them a little tomato juice with their food each day . Do n't waste your money ...
 I have two female labs that love to eat these tabs . But my yard is still terrible . So if you want an expensive treat for your dogs , then purchase these . If you want your grass not to die , then do n't purchase these .
 I have read that the urine from female dogs is what burns grass . I have four dogs and two are females , a 90 lb . mastiff and a 15 lb . Shorkie . The dogs love these tablets and I 've been feeding more than the recommended dosage to both of them for over two months now . I have seen NO change in my lawn . The dead spots are new and they are all over my yard . I do believe that if the fresh pee spot is hosed with water , it dilutes the urine and alleviates the burn spot . It 's just not always possible for me to do that . Perhaps my male dogs are burning the lawn too . As far as I can tell , the product does not work . I 'm not sure what the answer is to the grass burn problem but I 'm pretty sure it 's NOT this product .
 I have used this product religiously for a year now and my lawn has countless yellow spots and large bare spots where the grass has died out entirely . As the product is a bit pricey for a 365 tablet container , I am very disappointed in the labeling and claims by the company that it is `` 100 % guaranteed '' and `` reduces lawn burn . '' This could n't be farther from the truth . I have only ONE dog and I can not believe the damage done to the lawn .
 We bought this product several months ago in hopes that it would prevent futher damage to our grass from our dogs urine . We would have been just as well off if we had shredded the $ 25.00 we spent and used it as fertilizer for the grass seed we plant . We have seen NO change and our grass is still being destroyed . We are moving onto the next attempt to stop the urine burns . Our lawn care guy has told us tomato juice in their food works . Do n't waste your money on this crap !
 My new green grass has yellow spots . This product did not work for either of my dogs . One 31 lbs . the other 38 lbs .
 I wonder why this works for some ... but mostly does n't work ? followed the instructions exactly for over a month , with no change !
 GrassSaver was recommended by a local pet food supply company . This product appeared to work , but after 4 days my border collie got severely ill . She lost her appetite and quit drinking completely . She would n't drink water , chicken broth , or pedialite . The vet would n't say that it was the cause . She only would say it has an extremely large amount of chemicals ; some of which are used to settle the dogs stomach . She stated all of these products have probiotics to help with digestive problems created by the rest of the chemicals in this product . This product is dangerous to border collies , which under normal standards they can eat natural foods such as road kill , but highly chemicalized foods such as dog treats can upset their stomach . This was a good price , except thet $ 230 vet bill that had to be added to save her life.Granulized Gypsum or gypsum can change the PH levels to reduce the acid burn . Dogs are not interested in it , because it has the smell of earth -LRB- dirt -RRB- . Water heavily after adding the gypsum . Cover your lawn area every month to improve the burn spots .
 I have used Nutri-Vet Grass saver biscuits in the past , and they have worked great . I figured these tablets would be just as effective . I was wrong , they did not work for me !! We have a 75lb pittbull/lab mix that has grass-lava pee that destroys my lawn . I waited for about 6 weeks before my review so I have fully tested them . I tried giving them to him with his food as well as without food . Neither has worked.But I bought the biscuits below last year and I never had spots like I do now . I would buy those instead !! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I used two of these as bird waterers this winter . One was purchased in November , and recently -LRB- late Feb -RRB- it quit working -LRB- water froze overnight -RRB- . It is on the same outdoor outlet as the other , so is not an electrical supply problem . I initially bought one of the foil-type birdbath de-icers , also from Farm Innovators ; it broke after three weeks , I returned it and I bought another , which did not work out of the box -LRB- returned also -RRB- . I think Farm Innovators makes junk , and strongly recommend that buyers look for something else .
 The cord is approximately 5 ' long . A warning on the bottom of the bowl reads `` Do not use extension cords . '' What an amazingly versatile product ! -LRB- sarcasm -RRB-
 I was really disappointed when I unwrapped this package and the item was HUGE . I complained to the sender at the time and he swears the descritption said the size but I 'm sorry , I never saw it . Besides , when I SEARCHED the web for the size I wanted ... . it kept giving me these items which were too big . - Ca n't they be identified better ? - I was looking for a small bowl to heat a CAT FOOD portion , not water . I have stray kitties that come to my deck in the winter and I 'd like to keep thier food from freezing . By the time I got this , i was too frustrated to go back and SEARCH again on the web to identify why I never saw the size of this bowl . NOTE
 The bowl never keep water completely liquid during really cold spells , -LRB- in the single digits -RRB- but certainly enough of the huge capacity was ample to supply water to a large dog . However , this is the 3rd season using it and apparently the last ; the water was completely frozen over the morning after I plugged it in for the first time ... temp got to only about 28 degrees . Debating getting a new one or not . Not sure the price warrants only 2 years of service .
 The bowl is too light and the dogs constantly turn it over , spilling the water . It needs to have a heavier bottom on it .
 I purchased a number of these heated pet bowls . I reason that I have purchased a number of them is that they typically only last through one winter . I have a collection of approximately 8 of these bowls . Every winter I end up purchasing a new bowl , since the one that I used the prior winter no longer heats . They are the only bowl readily available in the area where I live so I just buy another one hoping for better performance . The good news is while they work they are a good bowl . The bad news is that they have a very short life for the heating circuit . I am going to buy a different brand of heated bowl this time even if I have to buy online . Recommendations
 I purchased this brand of retractable leash thinking that it was a quality product , especially after seeing the very poor reviews that other retractable leash brands received . Unfortunately , I only managed to get two days of use out of it , two walks with my 16 lb dog and the belt frayed and nearly tore in half . Very disappointing .
 I bought this size because I read some reviews about the handle being too small and thought it might be helfpul for my husband to have a larger handle . Unlike the cord leash , the belt leash has a strong continual pull on the dog . This was too much for my dog and I ended up needing to return it .
 I have n't tested this against the corded version , but in concept replacing cord with tape makes sense . However , this snapped after less than 5 months of ownership , during which it was used solely -LRB- and infrequently -RRB- with an 8 pound dog .
 Size up on this . The handle is too small and the clasp is tiny for a leash supposed to be for a 65 lb . dog . I wish I would have gotten the larger model .
 DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!!! PLEASE.This past weekend we were camping at a State Park . We were walking the Upper gorge trail when our 18 month old puppy spotted a chipmunk . We hit the button and the leash snapped at the nylon 1 '' above the collar connection . The puppy feel 200 feet straight off the gorge and another 12 feet when he bounced over the lower trail into the river . Amazingly I can say he survived after many rescue efforts and surgery at Cornell.BEWARE OF THIS LEASH . COMPANY HAS NOT EVEN CONTACTED ME !!!!!
 DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!!! PLEASE.This past weekend we were camping at a State Park . We were walking the Upper gorge trail when our 18 month old puppy spotted a chipmunk . We hit the button and the leash snapped at the nylon 1 '' above the collar connection . The puppy feel 200 feet straight off the gorge and another 12 feet when he bounced over the lower trail into the river . Amazingly I can say he survived after many rescue efforts and surgery at Cornell.BEWARE OF THIS LEASH . COMPANY HAS NOT EVEN CONTACTED ME !!!!!
 Size up on this . The handle is too small and the clasp is tiny for a leash supposed to be for a 65 lb . dog . I wish I would have gotten the larger model .
 I have n't tested this against the corded version , but in concept replacing cord with tape makes sense . However , this snapped after less than 5 months of ownership , during which it was used solely -LRB- and infrequently -RRB- with an 8 pound dog .
 I bought this size because I read some reviews about the handle being too small and thought it might be helfpul for my husband to have a larger handle . Unlike the cord leash , the belt leash has a strong continual pull on the dog . This was too much for my dog and I ended up needing to return it .
 I purchased this brand of retractable leash thinking that it was a quality product , especially after seeing the very poor reviews that other retractable leash brands received . Unfortunately , I only managed to get two days of use out of it , two walks with my 16 lb dog and the belt frayed and nearly tore in half . Very disappointing .
 WARNING ! the filters that this vendor is selling are NOT `` Drinkwell Replacement Filters . '' Instead , the vendor sends off-brand aquarium filters . My order was over a week late , and never did I hear from the vendor regarding the switch ... indeed , my receipt listed the filters as being `` Drinkwell '' filters , but in fact they were not . Do be careful ordering from this vendor !
 This coat just does n't stay on my dog . It slides around even though I fasten the velcro straps as snugly as I can . I do n't think the velcro will last either . Some of the seams are not properly sewn . It 's not worth the money , so I 'll return it . Too bad .
 I went by the reviews and I guess missed something along the way . . I bought this for my 11 lb Chihweenee , who is about 13 '' long ... way way way to small in length and in girth ... Velcro was pretty cheap as well ... Red is not the beautiful deep red as the picture shows , not even the strawberry red as `` they '' had described it . . more like a very faded red ... . Not a good purchase ... oh and it took forever to ship / receive it . .
 I loved the coat itself . Was pretty and warm , however , the velcro used to fasten it was very poor quality . I had to send the coat back for a refund .
 i have a sighthound , when it gets cold i want at least part of him covered so he will be warm when he does his business and during our walks . as a puppy at full speed he ripped the strap off completely just playing in the yard there are no arm holes this is a `` cape '' design with a single velcro strap made with the same material as the coat and was easily ripped apart by a 12 week old pup .
 It would have been a great purchase if it actually fit . I measured my dog and ordered the appropriate size . This would fit a dog about 6 inches smaller than my dog . It is nicely made , however .
 Just like most dog coats and jackets , it ca n't be a warm in freezing temperature if it is open on the front . The dog 's back is covered but everywhere else has no protection . If it would have been designed better I would have not mind to pay more for it .
 Sizes were crazy as I tried two different shipments to get a correct size and neither were successful - therefore , no good
 Never even received this item , wasted my money -_- I also called the company who shipped and they said they were going to call me back with a case number and nothing . Upsetting , wanted this for my pupp .
 Well , I bought this after reading reviews of `` natural '' litter.I used this for a month , and sadly , it does n't hold up.I had to scoop the box twice a day -LRB- 2 cats -RRB- in order to keep the smell to a minimum . It does nothing to absorb ammonia odors . . so part of the house began to smell like wet corn and ammonia . . yuk!Does not clump well at all . . I really wanted this to do the trick because I do n't want to go back to conventional litter . . but I do n't want to spend one more night smelling the litter while I am watching tv after a long day at work !! -LRB- again , thats with TWO cleanings a day ! -RRB- . . Natures ' Miracle has some revising to do . .
 I had a friend who swore by this product , so I purchased it and used it on wood furniture and the back of chairs -LRB- my cat loves to scratch wood furniture -RRB- . While it worked when the furniture was damp , he would inevitably go over and sniff the area and touch it with his paws , and the next morning would scratch again . My friend had mentioned re-application , so it was this point I read the back -LRB- should have done that first -RRB- . There is a warning for users to call poison control if the stuff gets on your skin because the ingredients are dangerous when absorbed . I then researched the chemical , here 's a link to epa fact sheet -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . The warning is required by EPA because it is classified as a toxic chemical - but it seems there 's no risk when inhaling and toxicity is very low.While my research does ease my fears on the safety of the product , I think it 's best that each consumer make the decision of whether to use the product based on their cat 's personality . My cat will try to taste and eat things when he does n't recognize them , and nips faces and hands as signs of affection . Based on that , boundary is too much of a risk for me.For those with cat 's similar to mine , purchasing the organic sprays as an alternative is not recommended - while they do n't have a sent , they do n't really work . My cat will avoid when area is damp , but walk over it once it 's dried . So now we have a scratch board with catnip , that he loves , double sided tape , that he tries to eat but does keep him from scratching , we clip his claws regularly , and we purchased a large accent rug that we encourage him to scratch with treats and positive reinforcement.The chemical used in Boundary has been around since 1966 and it has n't not caused serious harm to pets , but follow your gut if you know your cat is persistent and curious .
 This worked great , the first 2 days , after that forget it.I paid too much for the results I got!I have 3 kittens , they all scattered the first day , I sprayed it on my sofa and chair . -LCB- I used it on the furniture each morning -RRB- The 3rd day , I caught them scratching the furniture as soon as the spray dried!I re-sprayed again , they sat right there and watched me!This time I sprayed so much , even my eyes were affected!The furniture was saturated!After 1 1/2 hrs passed , the kittens were right back to scratching!I found a rolled newspaper slapped on my palm and a sharp `` No ! '' is working better.I gave it a 2 star , only because it worked for 2 days.That is hardly enough to recommend this product.Maybe , if you had 1 kitten that was sensitive to the spray.Not mine !
 The only thing this product repelled was me !! It stunk up my house and made me gag . We had to go upstairs to get away from the horrible smell while the cat stayed downstairs !! About an hour after I sprayed , my cat was back on my couch in her usual spot !!
 This product did n't keep cats away I think they liked it . Wo n't ever consider buying again . Beware if you intend to purchase .
 It kept my dog away ... but it was for the cats . They stayed away initially -LRB- I mean like , 10 minutes -RRB- but then had no qualms walking right over the sprayed surface
 it works great on humans for certain ... ... not worth much on felines however
 I 've sprayed it a few times and it does n't seem to stop them from messing with what I 've sprayed . It does stink , but apparently only to me .
 Rotting cilantro would be a good description for this product . I used it in the sun room to try to keep the cat out of an area with gravel . The fumes kept me out , but he was only briefly put off . After a couple of hours he was wandering around as usual , seeming to be not bothered by the spray -LRB- while I was holding my nose and avoiding the area -RRB- . Ick . I tried a reapplication , but was met with the same results . For all of the interest he generally has in smells , this one does n't deter him for more than 30 min .
 I got this to protect my rug but the cats do not mind this at all . They just go back on it ! So to me it is useless .
 My cat Maddox used to run outside all the time , so I bought this product to deter him from running . It did not work ! He still ran outside . I also tried to used it outside my door because we had a pesky stray , and it still did n't deter the stray either . It does not work ! If a cat wants to go somewhere , they will !
 Short and simple
 It worked for about a week , but then it just did n't bother my kitten anymore . Maybe it will work for older cats .
 I bought this product because the cat kept going next door and the lady next door complained . I could n't have the cat inside because I had a family member staying with me for a bit that was allergic to cats.So I bought this to keep the cat out of her yard.It had no effect what so ever . In fact the cat followed me around as I sprayed it.She smelled it and it was like nothing . She kept following me.I found this a total waste of money.The seller was great but the product was useless.It did n't even work for hour . My cat still goes over there.But the neighbor knows I tried .
 I do n't know how to be delicate and polite about this , but this stuff smells like burning tires . Do not under any circumstances use this product in your house . It will keep your cats away , sure , but it will keep you away too . I used this product and about five minutes later started gagging because of the smell . It is going right into the trash . I will be going back to using the very effective , smell-free -LRB- though slightly more expensive -RRB- Feliway .
 When I received this product and read the label on the back , I knew I would never use it . The statement `` Hazard to Humans and Domestic Animals '' -LRB- their words -RRB- was enough to frighten me off . I simply want to keep my cats from clawing the furniture . I looked up the active ingridients on the EPA site , and while they were listed as the lowest level of toxicity , the fact that they were at all toxic was enough to insure I would not use this product . I may be over-reacting but there are non-toxic repellents out there . I should have done my homework .
 My rabbit refuses to eat his and his body odor has significantly increased since he started eating this -- it isnt a bad product on it 's face -- just not good for my little guy
 Unfortunately Zupreem has completely reformulated this product and it is ** no longer soy - and wheat-free , ** as described here . What possessed them to do this is beyond me , since this was its `` claim to fame '' and the only reason some of us bought it and not one of the other timothy-based feeds out there . A huge disappointment , since some of my rabbits with chronic issues did better on this than anything else , and now it 's gone .
 When I went to the pet store last week , they no longer had the soy-free/wheat-free Nature 's Promise food I have been feeding my rabbit . Instead it was the new `` Timothy Naturals '' which has both wheat and soy . I did not buy it because I did not want to switch my rabbit onto new pellets , since that will be a strain on his digestive system.So I bought a 20lb bag here , because the description and image were of the original variety.Instead - I got sent the Timothy Naturals!I 'm not sure what to do now . Zupreem is closed on weekends so I could n't call , so I sent an email . I will call on Monday . If the original food is discontinued , I guess I will have to use the food they have sent me . Or if I find a company with food that looks better , I will return it . But I have had a heck of a hard time finding food I feel comfortable feeding my rabbit.I am quite upset , as I pay very close attention to my rabbit 's health and nutrition . I do not eat wheat or soy , and I do not want my bun eating those either!I think it is quite irresponsible of any company to send their new variety of food in place of what you have actually ordered . They are NOT the same product.Also - the original said `` no pesticides '' while the new variety says `` tested and monitored for pesticides '' . Not the same thing ! What sneaky wording .
 I purchased two dog coats from Amazon , both medium . This one ran much larger than the other size medium coat . It 's a cute coat but now I have to go through the hassle of returning it and getting the small .
 The dog 's width as well as length should be measured . My dog is too thin for the jacket to stay on , but it is the right length , except for the front . The front is too long , so she steps on it . We have not been able to use it at all . The dog in the picture looks like a Bichon , and our dog is similar . There is no way that jacket would fit that dog .
 This had a really horrible smell , kind of like gasoline I washed it twice and aired it out in the hallway .
 I had to return this . This size was wrong and it was too difficult to get over my Bijon 's head . Disappointed .
 This looks really cute but like the other reviews -- too big ! Even in an XS my 10 lb pup swims in it.This also does not work with longer dogs like my doxin mix.May have to do some DIY to alter it so it fits .
 My dogs generally wear a size Medium , but as most dog owner knows , a Medium can range from Shih Tzu size -LRB- my dogs -RRB- to a Springer Spaniel . Anyway , the raincoat would probably work just fine if it were the right size . I 'd say a medium for this coat would probably fit a large Cocker Spaniel .
 At first the coats look good and good material probably good for smaller dogs . The hoods do n't fit right so my dogs heads get wet . I ordered a larger one for my smaller dog and I have to do some alterations so she does not trip over it . I did it so the hood would fit her head better . It does not even fit the male dog I have on the hood part . Well at least it keeps the rain off the back side . I wish someone would make a rain coat that the hood fit and the whole body is covered . Hate when they get wet .
 So many rabbit food brands are bad for rabbits ! Rabbits should not consume corn , seeds , and nuts ! Just like humans , rabbits love to eat things that are bad for them . Do n't shorten your rabbit 's life .
 This product showed up leaking out of the box and much of it was missing . I did n't bother opening it all the way up I just taped it securely and left it on the step for return pickup .
 As noted by others , the ad for a long time said 3 jugs , but we all received just one . My jug was broken and most of the litter was spilled all over the box . The retailer never responded to my complaints . It took over a month to arrive , damaged , and not the right quantity .
 Did not block any odors ! I 'll stay with other reliable brands like Scoop Away or Arm and Hammer . Even the unscented works better .
 the reason I pay or buy clumping litter is for ease and control . This did not clump at all . Very disappointed . This did not clump the urine , so it just sank in a mush to the bottom of the box . The odor was horrible , even with alot of attention .
 I bought this when the description title said -- Premium Cat Tails Litter CAC00031 Premium Choice Extra Scooping Litter Jugs , 3/16-Pound -LRB- note the `` 3 '' -RRB- I only got 1 jug , even the shipping weight shows it should include 3 jugs -- Product Dimensions
 The litter itself is just fine , however , I only received one of three of the jugs I purchased . When I only got one box I assumed that the other two would be coming in a different box and used the litter -LRB- I know now to not do this as it is now Un-returnable -RRB- . There does n't seem to be a way to try to get the other two jugs of litter from Amazon , as that would be the best solution . Instead I have one very expensive jug of cat litter that seems to work fine . I 'm dissapointed there is no way to remedy this .
 This was supposed to be a pack of 3 . I have only received one , not three ! Still waiting for the other 2 .
 The picture makes this thing look waaaaaay nicer than it is ... the ` cover ' is actually a fitted sheet that does n't fasten on the bottom , so you have to tuck it under the bottom of the crate . The ` bumper ' does n't fit snugly -LRB- yes , I got the correct size for the crate I have -RRB- & it sags on the sides ... . a nice little invitation for my dog to chew it up basically . The mat is Okay , but not the most cushy , comfy one in the world . Overall , I am so mad that I wasted so much money on this !!!!!!!
 The only nice thing about this package is the fabric that goes over the crate . Even that is too small , but it works fairly well . The bumper pad only has tiny place to secure it to the crate , so it slides down and bunches up . The pad that goes at the bottom is way too small , and it bunches up whenever our dog moves around so he ends up just laying on the plastic crate . Very cheaply made , would not recommend . Would have been much better off continuing to use a sheet over the crate instead of wasting money on this .
 disappointed in this product . For the price , expected great quality but not happy at all . The bumpers would n't stay up and just collapsed . The cover did n't cover either end and I needed one end covered as well for my dog that gets stressed .
 This crate cover was very expensive for the quality . Like other reviewers said ... the bumper was a problem because it did not have enough velcro on it . My dog ripped it off on the first day in his crate . The crate cover itself also needed to have more to it . The cover did not have any type of velcro or ties to keep it secured on the crate . My dog was able to get a hold of it , pull it into the crate -LRB- because there was nothing holding it down -RRB- and he chewed & ripped it . It was runied the first day it was on the crate.Baiscally , it was a total waste of money -LRB- and totally not cheap -RRB- . It should have been made much better actually thinkng about a dog and what they are capable of doing . I would not recomment this to anyone !!
 This coat just does n't stay on my dog . It slides around even though I fasten the velcro straps as snugly as I can . I do n't think the velcro will last either . Some of the seams are not properly sewn . It 's not worth the money , so I 'll return it . Too bad .
 i have a sighthound , when it gets cold i want at least part of him covered so he will be warm when he does his business and during our walks . as a puppy at full speed he ripped the strap off completely just playing in the yard there are no arm holes this is a `` cape '' design with a single velcro strap made with the same material as the coat and was easily ripped apart by a 12 week old pup .
 It would have been a great purchase if it actually fit . I measured my dog and ordered the appropriate size . This would fit a dog about 6 inches smaller than my dog . It is nicely made , however .
 I went by the reviews and I guess missed something along the way . . I bought this for my 11 lb Chihweenee , who is about 13 '' long ... way way way to small in length and in girth ... Velcro was pretty cheap as well ... Red is not the beautiful deep red as the picture shows , not even the strawberry red as `` they '' had described it . . more like a very faded red ... . Not a good purchase ... oh and it took forever to ship / receive it . .
 I loved the coat itself . Was pretty and warm , however , the velcro used to fasten it was very poor quality . I had to send the coat back for a refund .
 Just like most dog coats and jackets , it ca n't be a warm in freezing temperature if it is open on the front . The dog 's back is covered but everywhere else has no protection . If it would have been designed better I would have not mind to pay more for it .
 Sizes were crazy as I tried two different shipments to get a correct size and neither were successful - therefore , no good
 Never even received this item , wasted my money -_- I also called the company who shipped and they said they were going to call me back with a case number and nothing . Upsetting , wanted this for my pupp .
 The Flexi Classic extra small is supposed to be a good size for small dogs , but it does n't say it must also be for small people !! The handle of the leash is too small for even 3 of my fingers to squish into and it 's even too small for my 10 year old to hold comfortably . Unless you have VERY small hands , or you are sending a VERY small child to walk the dog -LRB- ! -RRB- , I would n't recommend it .
 This coat just does n't stay on my dog . It slides around even though I fasten the velcro straps as snugly as I can . I do n't think the velcro will last either . Some of the seams are not properly sewn . It 's not worth the money , so I 'll return it . Too bad .
 I went by the reviews and I guess missed something along the way . . I bought this for my 11 lb Chihweenee , who is about 13 '' long ... way way way to small in length and in girth ... Velcro was pretty cheap as well ... Red is not the beautiful deep red as the picture shows , not even the strawberry red as `` they '' had described it . . more like a very faded red ... . Not a good purchase ... oh and it took forever to ship / receive it . .
 I loved the coat itself . Was pretty and warm , however , the velcro used to fasten it was very poor quality . I had to send the coat back for a refund .
 i have a sighthound , when it gets cold i want at least part of him covered so he will be warm when he does his business and during our walks . as a puppy at full speed he ripped the strap off completely just playing in the yard there are no arm holes this is a `` cape '' design with a single velcro strap made with the same material as the coat and was easily ripped apart by a 12 week old pup .
 It would have been a great purchase if it actually fit . I measured my dog and ordered the appropriate size . This would fit a dog about 6 inches smaller than my dog . It is nicely made , however .
 Just like most dog coats and jackets , it ca n't be a warm in freezing temperature if it is open on the front . The dog 's back is covered but everywhere else has no protection . If it would have been designed better I would have not mind to pay more for it .
 Sizes were crazy as I tried two different shipments to get a correct size and neither were successful - therefore , no good
 Never even received this item , wasted my money -_- I also called the company who shipped and they said they were going to call me back with a case number and nothing . Upsetting , wanted this for my pupp .
 Cage was not what was expected . Size was good , but feeder bins would n't stay in bars and stand they sent was to osmall for the cage so no stand for it .
 `` They are her absolute favorite and being that they are good for her , they are also a favorite of mine . '' Sugar , vegetable oil , whey , more sugar , yogurt powder , and colouring ? I do n't see even ONE ingredient on that list that is even OK for rabbits to eat , let alone ` good ' for them . Feed them in tiny tiny quantities as treats if you really want and your rabbit is otherwise very healthy , gets enough exercise , and eats LOTS of timothy hay and a reasonable amount of fresh greens with a good appetite , but please do n't make the mistake of thinking they are anything but CANDY , and one of the least healthy kinds of candy you can find at that . Use extreme moderation , or better yet , throw them out and give her a small sliver of banana or other fruit -LRB- less than a teaspoon -RRB- or a raisin once a day as a treat . Most rabbits adore banana and even though it 's far too sweet and high calorie to be anything but a dessert food for them , it 's substantially better than this product or anything with this kind of ingredient list . Slivers of apple or pears or other very high fibre fruit are even better rabbit dessert foods . Honestly , their entire system was made to process GRASS and TWIGS . Their digestive tract really wo n't know what to do with sugar and oil and dairy products . Maybe they ` love it ' , but then a lot of rabbits also love to chew electrical wires -- they 're not always the best judges of what 's good for them .
 This is a very unhealthy item to feed to a rabbit ! Try feeding your bunny a raisin . A dandelion blossom , strawberry top , or that little nub at the end of a banana are also all great treats for a bunny .
 Rabbits are not to have any form of dairy , whether it be cheese , milk , yogurt , whey , casein , or anything else . Unfortunately , there are many companies out there that are only aiming to increase profits and have no knowledge about the animals they market their products for , and unsuspecting caregivers of the animals buy their products with good intentions , but end up harming their furbabies in one way or another . I 've even found fish meal , yes , ground up fish , in treats for rabbits ! Rabbits are herbivores ! After being weaned , they survive and thrive on only plant matter.Take care of your bunnies and do not purchase any `` Yogies '' or other dairy treats for them , and ask others to do the same .
 Rabbits are not to have any form of dairy , whether it be cheese , milk , yogurt , whey , casein , or anything else . Unfortunately , there are many companies out there that are only aiming to increase profits and have no knowledge about the animals they market their products for , and unsuspecting caregivers of the animals buy their products with good intentions , but end up harming their furbabies in one way or another . I 've even found fish meal , yes , ground up fish , in treats for rabbits ! Rabbits are herbivores ! After being weaned , they survive and thrive on only plant matter.Take care of your bunnies and do not purchase any `` Yogies '' or other dairy treats for them , and ask others to do the same .
 Rabbit charges me for them if he sees or hears the container . He loves them , but for the same reason I love do-nuts . These are NOT healthy for bunnies . 1 a day wont hurt , but I had trouble sticking to this . A piece of dried fruit is a much healthier option for bunny and he enjoys it just as much . I suggest OXBOW treats -LRB- all natural and very safe for rabbits -RRB- . Trust my opinion , I am a small animal veterinary specialist . I only purchased these because I try products out on my bunny before I sell it in my clinic . This will not be sold in my clinic .
 Almost everyone who gives these treats to their ferrets will find that they really like them ! And of course they do - it 's filled with sugar and all sorts of ingredients that are not good for ferrets . Ferrets are obligate carnivores , meaning they have a difficult time digesting fruit , veggie , and dairy matter . Additionally , the are lactose intolerant , so these yogies really are not good for ferrets at all . Please do your research before feeding these to your ferrets - there are healthier , not to mention safer , treats out there that your ferret will love just as much as these !
 People need to research before buying ferret treats . These contain a ton of sugar and yogurt , two things that ferrets can not digest . They are carnivores and eat meat ! Excessive consumption of sugar can lead to insulinoma - not worth the risk in my opinion .
 I just got the product today and decided to give one to my ferret . BabyNelly absolutely loved the taste of the peanut butter Yogies -- BUT -- when I gave her 2 in a row -LRB- because the package CLAIMS ferrets can have up to 5 per day -RRB- , she reacted terribly to it !! She started biting me -LRB- which she has never done -RRB- and biting her hands and feet FOR ALMOST TWO HOURS STRAIGHT !! I thought I was going to have to take her to the vet . Finally the sugar wore off and she fell asleep - phew - that was so scary !! THE INSTRUCTIONS SHOULD SAY TO GIVE FERRETS ONLY ONE PER DAY !! PLEASE BE CAREFUL !! This product has a lot of sugar in it -LRB- it 's the first ingredient listed ! -RRB- and ferrets do not react well to that much sugar if more than one a day is given .
 This item is not as represented . The treats are supposed to be chip sizebut were all melted into a lump at the bottom of the bag and could n'tbe separated . I had ordered these before and they were thesame way . I thought maybe it was just a one time issue andtried ordering again . Again the item came in unusable condition .
 Ferrets can not digest these properly ! If you do your research before you buy you 'd learn that ferrets are obligate carnivores which means they do n't even have organs to do so . If you want to treat your little fuzzy do so in meat ! Chicken is a favorite of mine . This will make them happy and live longer .
 Unfortunately , while ferrets LOVE these treats , they may put ferrets ' health at risk . Ferrets are carnivorous , requiring quality proteins and fats , and sugar and carbohydrates are exceptionally bad for ferrets and puts them at great risk for a condition called insulinoma . Before we knew about diet and insulinoma in ferrets , we treated our ferrets to these per the instructions on the package and never really read the ingredients , trusting that a company marketing a product for ferrets would know what is safe and healthy to feed them . At about 4-5 years of age , all of our ferrets began displaying some strange symptoms
 ordered these but arrived melted . Get them from you local store . My ferrets love them but they only get one every day or two .
 I ordered these wipes to help clean up my german shepherd between baths . He plays outside and comes in with muddy/dirty paws at a minimum . These wipes came and were not &#34; bath &#34; wipes at all - they are about 1/2 the size of a baby wipe and have about 1/3 the moisture . Completely useless to &#34; bathe &#34; a large dog or even just clean one up . A waste of ten dollars plus shipping . A wet cloth or baby wipes would be much more efficient and a fraction of the price . These would only be useful for a puppy or a dog that fits in purse , but they would still be a complete waste of ten dollars .
 We purchase these Bath Wipes at our local pet store and love the product . However , this online purchase delivered us a product that was dried out and useless . We will buy this product again , just not here ...
 I have one of these for my own dog -LRB- a 14-pound terrier mix -RRB- and it works just fine . I ordered this one for a friend of mine with an 8-pound Dachsund-terrier mix and this leash broke within 2 months !!! I will buy a retractable leash from a different company from now on .
 With new puppy that jumps at leaves , this leash only lasted a few weeks after the 10 week old puppy pulled when the stop button was pushed . First the stop button did not work and shortly afterwards the rewind mechanism broke . Not hard use , but cheap . Would be OK for dog not going to pull at all when lock button pushed .
 In the product details it says this leash can be used for very large dogs . So I purchased two for my labrador 's . The package arrives very timely and I open up the box and stated on the package `` 16 ft retractable leash for dogs up to 26 lbs '' . Needless to say this is not what I ordered nor need for my labs . But here is the kicker , to return this product you need a return authorization number that can be provided by customer service whose hours are M-F 8 AM to 5 PM , who has time for this ?! Buyer beware , I 'd try a different seller on the site .
 I DO NOT recommend this product !!! While I was walking my 10lb Yorkie , the leash broke , snapped clear off near the base of the hook . Anyone who owns a Yorkie knows how fast they are , and as soon as the leash broke she took off causing me and my husband to chase her all over the neighborhood . I relied on this product to protect my dog , and it failed miserably . Fortunately , we caught her before anything serious happened but it was a very terrifying 5 minutes . When I attempted to contact the company regarding the situation , they never got back to me proving that their products and customer service is far from reputable . I would NEVER purchase another product from this company and do not advise anyone else to do so either , especially those pet owners with large dogs that pull much harder than a toy dog .
 Stopped retracting , plastic shaft worn out inside and retracting wheel wobbles as to jam wheel against outer casing .
 Purchased this for my 16 pound Jack Russell . Leash Cord
 We bought this because we were going to see my daughter and knew we 'd need to have our 11 pound dachshound on a leash . It worked fine for a few days then the end started looking all worn out in spots . I tied knots to help hold the thing together , then it just stopped recoiling . It 's just not worth wasting the money on the thing .
 I originally gave this a good review , but it broke after 5 weeks of use . I do have an active dog -LRB- 20 pounds -RRB- but this should n't break so easily . Luckily it was n't in the middle of a busy street otherwise he would have bolted .
 leash snapped after using for a month for a puppy -- not due to dog chewing since the leash retracts and the dog ca n't chew the cord where it brokeFlexi says it is meant for a 26lb dog , but my dog is Bishon Frise and weighs much less than 26 lbs .
 We have an aussie-german shepherd mix and he does NOT tolerate this product at all . He loved it , but it gave him a very bad case of diarrhea and he needed medical treatment several days after eating the `` dingo '' brand product . I do n't recommend this product or any `` Dingo '' product to anyone who has a dog with a senstive stomach AND it should state this on the label .
 i really do not know where they get beefy as this is so hard it would break the teeth of any dog in my opinioni would not buy this again and sorry i wasted money on it
 Just wanted to warn any potential buyers that I received an open package buying from Amazon LLC . I think that 's pretty disgusting since this is a product that 's intended for consumption by your pet . Also , there were portions of the red `` meat '' that looked like it had been chewed on and the white bone portion was stained red all over . Basically it looked as if a dog had chewed on it for a little and then repackaged up and sold on Amazon . Buyer beware .
 I have long searched for a good litter that would absorb and clump without pieces breaking off as you scoop . This is the absolute worst litter I have used in 20 yrs . Having purchased several scoopable litters this one more or less just became a piece of mud in the litter pan and never really activated with the urine to clump like most other litters of this type . What I also experienced was urine sitting on top of the litter . Tried this on a whim because of the price , what a waste . TIP
 This did n't really remove the tear stains from under the eye of my white English bulldog . I 've tried using it three time , and in all three instances , it really did n't work . In fact it kept leaving a blue stain on my dog 's fur that I decided to simply ditch it . I 'm going to have to find a better one that actually works .
 I got this with high hopes from another review I read . Needless to say it did n't work , I used it by the directions and no change whatsoever . I really think the only solution to tear stains is a product like angel eyes . If I could give this no stars , I would .
 These treats are normally chewy , but the product I received was hard as a rock . I called the manufacturer -LRB- Dingo -RRB- to decipher the expiration code . They said the product I received was just about to cross over the expiration date . My dog still eats them , but not before he gives it a little snub .
 I don ; t like this product simply because it 's made in China ! There have been too many illnesses associated with pet products in China that even if your dog likes the treats it 's not worth it ! Find something made in the USA .
 It looks awful ... smells awful and the cat hid in a box when I tried to feed it to him .
 The bag was shipped inside a cardboard box and when it arrived the catlitter bag had broke open . I was able to salvage the contents . We used it in a Littermaid automatic litterbox but this litter dose n't clump as well as other brands . It might be OK for other boxes but it did n't work for us .
 This litter works fine but the bag was leaking all over the place when it arrived ; needs to be packaged better .
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 This is the worst clumping litter I 've tried , but it did n't smell bad . I could have used clay litter with similar effect but it would have made more mud .
 It 's probably my fault for not reading the description more carefully , but it never occurred to me that litter still comes not-clumping . This litter also has large pieces and is n't totally without scent . Besides what I think , the ultimate critic was my cat who left me a present on the floor next to the box . Went back to his old litter the same day .
 This product is horrible . It is described as litter with crystals . It is more like concrete dust . I should have known not to purchase this because of the low price .
 I got this to use on a cat between groomings . I followed the directions
 `` I ordered the football fever costume using the sizing chart on the amazon page . When I received the costume it came w/a different sizing chart and did n't fit my dog . I have tried to contact PPE via e-mail -LRB- 2x -RRB- and phone -LRB- left a message -RRB- but no response . Now I 'm stuck with a costume that does n't fit and it 's not my fault !!! So watch out for this seller ! `` P.S. . This also happened with a camo fleece that I purchased around the same time .
 I bought this since it had other good ratings . I do n't know where they got their information , but after the first use , it did not cover any odor . It was VERY dusty , and caused my cat to sneeze . She had no desire to stay in the litter box and cover her business . I ended up putting the unused litter in my garden .
 Only bought once , as when you go to fill litter box , the dust that comes out is `` Harmful '' especially for people with `` Ashma '' like me . DO NOT RECOMMEND ! May be cheap , but not worth your health !
 Save your money . This stuff smells like urine . I spray it on his toys & my cat looks at them & walks away . Xtreme is about as effective as water but smells worse .
 My cats are not at all interested in items sprayed with this stuff . On the other hand , anything I put dried catnip on , they love , so I know they 're fans of catnip . I would not recommend this spray .
 I do n't get any kind of smell that other people have reviewed and said . When I spray something with it , my cat will come rub against it for a little while -LRB- 2 minutes at best -RRB- and then he is totally uninterested . I think that 's because it does n't smell anymore . I ca n't use it to spray toys or anything else because he 's just not interested . I feel like I wasted my money .
 This product smells nothing like catnip . It 's quite an offsetting sent for me as well as my cat . My cat lovessss the smell of catnip but when i spray this product he just walks away . I would n't recommend this to anybody .
 nothing happend . Did what It said to do . nothing at all happened . Signed one unhappy cat . Told my master not to buy again ,
 It worked ok for the first few days after we got it for our dog to play and walk in the snow and on the pavement with snow/salt . We realized that these boots are extremely hard to clean by hand . The salt and sand get stuck on the bottom of the boots because the bottom of the boots are not smooth . They feel like suede/fabric . Unless you toss them in the washing machine after every use , it is very hard to maintain them and dry them.After using for a few weeks , the bottom of the boots began to break . There are holes on the bottom towards the front of the boots -LRB- we do keep his nails clipped frequently -RRB- . They are no longer waterproof anymore . The company 's website stated that `` many dogs have worn their Muttluks for over three years '' , but it only lasted just over a month for our dog . We never use them on dry pavement or concrete . We only use them to protect his feet from salt when there 's snow.The boots are also not very easy to put on . It takes us about 10 min to put all of them on the dog .
 The seller claimed to have these in stock and then waited four days to tell me they were not available . If They had listed them as out of stock or even told me in a timely manner that they were unable to fulfill their end of the deal , I could have ordered them from a reputable seller . I would highly recommend that you avoid this seller .
 I have never used any substrate other than gravel so when I went with sand on this latest tank , I bought these to help fertilize the few plants that were going to be in the substrate assuming it would be harder for the waste nutrients to filter down there . Read directions . Used only two tabs in a 5 gall . aquarium and shortly noticed a weblike white fungal infection lacing its way across the top of the sand . At first I believed it was some new tank thing related just to sand . I had some gravel decorating the sand and it never covered the gravel just laced between it . Climbed the sides of rocks . Climbed the sides of the dwarf lily bulbs the fertilizer was mostly for . Googled it . Only found two mentions both occured on sand and one was blamed on possible over-feeding . Since aquarium inhabitant only eats plants and I was religiously vacuuming waste off substrate , I could n't figure this out until I thought of the fert . tabs . Because the sites of infection correlated exactly as to where the tabs were and then fanned out a bit . Took tabs out -- lots of anaerobic black bacteria feeding off them in there too . And have been battling getting the fungus under control for the last week . But it has n't spread . Still just where the tabs were . Will probably wind up vacuuming all the infected sand areas down to the glass into a pail and replacing sand yet again as before I was only vacuuming out the top layer . The tank is over two months old now and new tank anything ca n't really be blamed .
 Rubber gets soft in dishwasher and smellsIts actually a good bowl . Just do n't get the ones with rubber on the bottom
 Well they do indeed do what they say - they do not move around at all and they do n't tip over easily . When I got them though , I was really put off by how much they * smelled * . Oh man , the rubber on the bottom STUNK . I tried airing them out for some days hoping it had to do with them being in a warehouse or something , but nope - it never really did go away . -LRB- Ca n't imagine how much it put the dog off considering how much better they can smell than we can . -RRB- I also made the mistake of putting them down straight onto the kitchen floor -LRB- vinyl flooring -RRB- and it actually discolored it slightly ! Can not get the color out of the floor now - with anything . My mistake , okay , in not putting down a mat first , and possibly putting them down still slightly damp on the bottom , but still , I do not expect them to discolor my floor!They are nice and shiny , though - and would likely last for a while and stay looking nice . But we are n't using them anymore . Between the smell and the color issue , forget it . Went with a better brand .
 The steel was fine , but after I peeled off the rubber protector there was this odd , sweet smell that felines avoided . Therefore , they -- especially the younger one -- stopped eating from the bowls .
 I bought 4 of these for my inside dogs . After 3 or 4 days of use they started to crack . We never took them outside or even put ice in them for the dogs . They just cracked ! I paid alot for these at walmart - hopefully they will accept the return .
 The bowl is a nice size for a Labrador . It feels quite sturdy and it 's good looking out of the box , - but it began RUSTING within a month . Do n't waste your money if you intend to use it as a water bowl and expect it to last longer than a month ! Too bad Amazon does n't have an option for a zero rating - that 's what it deserves .
 The rubber base smells like janitorial perfume mixed with something foul and it remains after a thorough washing . Since a dog 's sense of smell is so sensitive , eating from the bowl must be a little unpleasant . The stickers take forever to remove , and they 're fairly big . Otherwise , it 's a perfect dog bowl .
 I too bought these and kept smelling something unusual . I think it must be the way they rubber is bonded to the steel . I am going to return if I can . I ca n't subject the cats to this awful smell . If I can smell it , you know it is worse for them . Liked the bowl otherwise . Too bad .
 I ca n't imagine how anybody could have developed a so-called pet food and water bowl that stinks this bad . It 's the blue rubber thing on the bottom . It 's probably the most ignorant product design I 've seen . I tried finding Durapet online to give some feedback directly to the manufacturer , but just found people selling the stuff .
 The rubber ring on the bottom of this dish has a very strong chemical smell to it , even after washing . At least one reviewer claims it has `` no smell '' , so maybe it 's just some of the bowls . There 's a reviewer of the 12 oz version who had the same issue.On the plus side , the bowl is otherwise very nice , and I can attest to the fact that the rubber is `` permanently bonded '' -- unfortunately in this case .
 After 2 weeks of using this bowl it began to show signs of rusting . The rust spots soon be became increasingly bigger . I had bought two bowl and they both rusted . Save your money and invest in a different bowl .
 Purchases May 3 and after a month it was rusty and starting to fall apart . I kept bowl outside but this should not happen to a stainless steel bowl , especially in such a small time period . Save your money
 In the description it says that the tube will also fit 10-20 Whisper models . All LIES because it did n't fit at all ! I was so happy because I looked everywhere and could n't find this extension tube . When I saw it online I decided to spend the extra money to have it . Now I have a worthless $ 8.00 piece of plastic . Save your money if you do n't have a 30 model !
 Product Features information is incorrect . This does not fit a series 20 filter which I have & why I purchased it so was useless to me . Wasted my money on it .
 really only lasted three weeks and my dog is a toy poodle that does not reach 10 pounds . I lost my money . There were holes in all four boots .
 I purchased the Muttluks all-weather boots and am very unhappy with them . I bought them for my 62 lb . Golden Retriever who gets very muddy running in the backyard . The first time I put them on her she ran after a possum and when she stopped the front boot came off along with ripping off her dew claw . I was very upset over this happening . She had to be on antibiodics for 2 weeks . I spoke to Muttluks office and they told me this has happened before . For some reason they have not fixed the problem .
 Perhaps when the instructions said to put the boots on TIGHT it meant to halt any circulation in the dog 's feet . In her first trip outside to play with my children -LRB- on a school snow day -RRB- , my female golden retriever managed to drop the first boot within 2 feet out of the front door -LRB- I managed to find that one -RRB- . The second boot fell off a couple minutes later somewhere in the back yard -LRB- that one will show up some time in April -RRB- . A week later I took her for a snow shoe hike -LRB- well , snow shoes for me , Muttluks for her -RRB- . On the walk to the park she slipped out of the boots twice on the slushy road surface . Before we entered the snow I fastened the boots very snugly . She kicked one off within 100 yards . The other two boots got lost elsewhere along the hike . I followed the sizing instructions to the letter . I had my wife measure the dog 's feet without my input and she came up with the same sizing . I reached out to the manufacturer several weeks ago and received no response . I 'd give this product zero stars if it was possible .
 really only lasted three weeks and my dog is a toy poodle that does not reach 10 pounds . I lost my money . There were holes in all four boots .
 My dog , an active border collie , wore them out in ONE day ... Absolute waste of money .
 The quality on these is very good and I think eventually they will more than serve their purpose . I am just having some difficulties getting my dog to keep them on . Though watching him walk around making big prancing steps when we first put them on him was probably worth the full price of the booties .
 It took a while for my Dachshund -LRB- 19 pounds -RRB- to become acclimated to this footwear which is understandable since it 's not natural for dogs to wear boots . My dog needed them because his paws kept getting injured and bloody . When he finally got used to walking in these booties , I was disappointed how it tore after only 4 walks . I do n't recommend this to dogs that pull and drag their feet a lot . I especially do n't recommend this to dogs with short legs because the ` neck ' of these boots hit right over the knee joint which does n't allow flexibility . My dog would walk in a stiff manner . If you have a toy breed , I think it would work because they are lighter . This did n't stay on very well though . I had to adjust it 2 or 3 times during our 40 minute walks .
 My dog is a border collie/Brittany spaniel mix and I adopted him last summer . He can be fussy about people messing with his paws and while I have been working with him on it and he has gotten a lot better , he does not have endless patience with people doing stuff to his paws . I was n't going to get booties unless it became clear he really needed them , and this winter it became clear that he did . He is very prone to getting ice and snow stuck in between his toes and this causes him pain , making us cut our walks short.I got a set of Muttluks boots at Petsmart and actually got a size larger than perhaps I should have -LRB- border collies are considered small in their sizes -RRB- . It 's hard to tell if the fit was right or not . While the upper part that goes on the dog 's leg is stretchy , the actual boot part over the foot is not . The opening is also narrower where you need to put the dog 's foot in , and for a dog that 's fussy about his paws , this was very not good.On the plus side , the Muttluks seem very durable . I was trying my darnedest to stretch them , expecting the seams to snap -LRB- and actually kind of hoping they would -RRB- , but they put up with all my abuse remarkably well.The trouble is I could barely get them on my dog 's feet . It takes way too much finagling to squeeze these boots on the dog 's foot , even with what is supposedly a size larger than what I should have gotten . I would have needed at least 3 hands to get the boots on my dog , and maybe another to distract him with treats . It 's near impossible to hold open the boot and cram your dog 's foot inside of it at the same time , unless maybe you have a dog that does n't ever move.I did manage to get boots on 3 of his feet , and managed to pull the strap around on two of them . For the third one , he flailed before I could manage to get it around and the boot flew off with frustratingly more ease than it took to get the thing on . You really have to pull to get the boots on , which my dog easily hated the most about the entire experience . It was like pulling on a boot that 's too small for your calf and has a broken zipper ... but on your dog . Who does not even want to wear any boots.The bottoms also do n't grip very well . Most of my house has wood or linoleum floors , and my dog usually does n't have too many issues with it unless he 's trying to sit or playing tug-of-war . He could barely walk with the boots , and not just because he was n't acclimatized to them -LRB- although that was part of it -- it was like he just discovered he had legs -RRB- . The bottoms of the boots were slipping and sliding all over the floor and he kept falling . I ca n't imagine these boots would help your dog get traction on ice.These are very durable boots , and if you have a patient , bombproof dog who does n't care what you do to him , these might just be the boots for you as long as you do n't intend to walk your dog on a frozen lake or something . If you have a dog who does n't have endless patience , these boots will be your worst nightmare .
 These Muttlucks could have been constructed a bit better . I have a very active Lab who does n't mind wearing these dog boots . I went to the local park for a fetch with my dog Copper . We played on a grass field with some patches of snow around . We did not hike for hours nor did we go over any rough terrain . But during our fetch the boots started to fall apart . A closer look and I noticed the stitching on two of his boots were going haywire and all bunched up . So I then decided to take the dog boots off and some of those same strings were now stuck to Copper 's claws . After a few minutes I did untangle the strings . There were no tears on the boot pads . The boots will protect a dogs paws if they stay together and do not fully fall apart .
 After reading reviews on other websites , I chose Muttluks All-weather boots since my dog has sensitivities to salt and cold . Although they are effective against salt , they do not protect against the cold , and seem to actually make my dogs feet more sensitive to the temperatures . I bought some fleece liners to provide warmth , but the Muttluks are not waterproof - by the time we went around the block the inner liners were wet .
 Those boots fall apart really fast , unless your dog walks in the grass or on the ground . If you bike with and the dog runs , and he even occasionally stepping on pavement those boots disintegrate within 5-6 runs.Also , the velcro strap is right over the dew claw . Unless you wrap the dew claw in cotton ball , it will scratch the dogs leg bloody.Overall
 It worked ok for the first few days after we got it for our dog to play and walk in the snow and on the pavement with snow/salt . We realized that these boots are extremely hard to clean by hand . The salt and sand get stuck on the bottom of the boots because the bottom of the boots are not smooth . They feel like suede/fabric . Unless you toss them in the washing machine after every use , it is very hard to maintain them and dry them.After using for a few weeks , the bottom of the boots began to break . There are holes on the bottom towards the front of the boots -LRB- we do keep his nails clipped frequently -RRB- . They are no longer waterproof anymore . The company 's website stated that `` many dogs have worn their Muttluks for over three years '' , but it only lasted just over a month for our dog . We never use them on dry pavement or concrete . We only use them to protect his feet from salt when there 's snow.The boots are also not very easy to put on . It takes us about 10 min to put all of them on the dog .
 These boots are not for those who actually walk any distance . Two boots had holes in them with less than 40 miles walked . I walk on sidewalks and streets and wanted something to keep the salt from my dogs feet . Thsi is a poor choice to accomplish that .
 I purchased a set of Muttluks in November for my springer spaniel , who constantly gets snow between his paws . Initially I really liked them . The boots on his front paws always seemed to roll over so he would be walking on the yellow cloth part rather than the leather bottom . I used these very infrequently , only when we would go on treks in the deep snow probably about 10 times . It is now two months later and 2 of the 4 have holes in them in the top yellow cloth . Also , snow always tends to accumulate in elastic above the strap , so take them off outside . For the price , I personally would n't recommend purchasing them .
 bought 2 pair small / measured feet as instructed / continually fall off & boots have no traction / kept trying , today-snow & salt-last try ! 8 boots / 4 fell off before we went 2 blocks / dogs slipping , sliding on boots/limping on feet that boots fell off/had to carry one 42 # border collie 1 block home / these muttluks are out of here . would I recommend ? Never-stay away .
 Our golden retreiver has 1 bad paw that needs protection when walking . We just receved this product a week ago and we have used one bootie twice . It has completely worn through . That is completely ridiculous considering the $ 43 price tag .
 Guess I should have known not to order 36 ' light bulbs on line and expected to recieve theme in one piece , I know better now ! No prob , Still Love Ya Amazon !!!
 Guess I should have known not to order 36 ' light bulbs on line and expected to recieve theme in one piece , I know better now ! No prob , Still Love Ya Amazon !!!
 I did n't expect a Weed Eater or anything , but this trimmer ca n't even cut the fur between the pads on my dog 's paws . Plus , it 's noisy for the size , so she gets nervous whenever I turn the thing on , which does n't happen with full-size clippers.On the other hand , it works well for trimming my around my sideburns ...
 This clipper is too small yet it is too noisy ! It ca n't even cut through thick hairs like that of my Shihtzu plus it frightens my dog w / the loud noise it produces . However I was able to use it to groom my chihuahua because of the thin hair she has .
 this little trimmer could be a five star , but poor design places the on off switch in the worst possible place , and anyone that has used these can testify that it gets very frustrating having to turn your trimmer back on because you accidentally keep hitting the on / off button ... too bad ...
 Wahl Pocket Pro TrimmerDo buythese they do not work . They are built cheap I would not waste my money
 I got this to trim around my Shih Tzu 's eyes in between groomings and it just shuts down , my dog 's hair must be too thick for this . In reading the other ratings , I thought it would be OK , but this was a total waste of money , very disappointed .
 I 've tried two of these on multiple dogs and cats . Was hoping for a small clipper to keep in a veterinary emergency kit for clipping for IV catheters . It works on some coat types -LRB- wirey -RRB- , but is useless for most short fur on cats and dogs . Decided to get a corded trimmer from Oster instead
 I have a very small dog and this was to trim around eyes , ears , paws and his little behind but it wo n't cut at all . He goes to the groomer and his hair is never thick or long and this gadget ca n't even handle the in between trims . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This product is cheaply made . You ca n't really tell if the cap on the reservoir is screwed on correct or not . I had to screw the cap off then on probably 3-4x . It feels like the cap might be cross threaded then I figured that must be they way it is . When my dogs would drink all the water out of the dish sometimes it would fill the bowl and sometimes the bowl was dry but the reservoir remained full . I returned this item . It 's more hasle than it 's worth .
 This product works as it says it does . It filters water and stores it . The problem is -LRB- minus the giant size -RRB- is that my cat did n't really like it . He prefers his water dish . I change his water once or twice a day and he likes that much better than the water stored in this fountain.I use a PUR water filter and he enjoys the water that I give him from that over the water filtered in this . Purchasing a PUR filter is more cost effective any way -LRB- considering we do not drink botteled water for ethical reasons -RRB- and the cat likes it better . I dont need to waste money buying filters for something else .
 I am writing this on behalf of Sandy Cheeks and Dusty Bottoms ... my two fuzzy trouble makers.What good is a hammock if there is nowhere to hide ? Ferrets like to burrow and crawl through tunnels and holes because it is more like how their ancestors lived in the wild -LRB- and is still there natural instinct -RRB- . Sandy and dusty love the hammocks that are covered and have a small circular entrance . If your going to buy your little fuzzy a hammock , buy them one they will love as much as you love them .
 I DO NOT LIKE THE PLASTIC CLIPS -LRB- RATHER THAN THE METAL ONES -RRB- - I ALSO THOUGHT IT WAS FLEECE-IT WAS N'T VERY THICK AT ALL AND SHOULD 'VE HAD A COVER -LRB- LIKE A SLEEPING BAG -RRB- - OVER IT-AS MY FERRET IS OLD AND FALLS OUT SOMETIMES . I 'M RETURNING IT AS ONE OF THE CLIPS WAS BROKE WHEN I RECEIVED IT . LISA
 I bought these snack treats for my poodle . However , she did n't like them too much . I do n't know if other dogs might like them . My dog is usually not very picky when it comes to food so your dog might like them .
 I was very concerned when I rec 'd this product . it was made in China , and a number of the `` sticks '' were broken with grayish brown sediment around them . They had a terrible smell . My dog took one sniff and walked away -LRB- she usually eats any `` treat '' I give her -RRB- . I think this product should be taken off of the Amazon sales site . I usually like to shop for products at Amazon . Now I am leery to do so .
 very poor quality item ; my schnauzer did not want to eat it . Product contains sugar from corn syrup which harmful for dog 's teeth and will lead to decay . I live in rural area and coyotes sometimes come by ; so I left it in the bak yard , but even coyotes turned it down.Maybe it is only for starved Dingos , but seriously AMAZON should not sell any crap someone wants put there .
 I gave these to my two shih tzu 's and they have been throwing up for the past two days . It was the only new item in their diets , so I know it is because of the treats . It seems I am not the only one with this problems according to the other reviews .
 Please do n't buy these for your dog . These have artificial colors and pork in them that is not listed on the product description online . These made my dog very ill . He had diarrhea and was throwing up for a week . I was very worried about him . This was the only change in his diet , I feed him all natural food with no artificial anything . I thought these were made of chicken & natural accourding to the online description but they are not .
 These maybe very nice fir some dogs but my dogs wo n't even take them out my hand.I have a beagle a beagle mix and a mini daushund that are all very aggressive treat eaters.I buy them all kinds and brands and had never before found treats or bone that they would n't eat.For goodness sake I did n't think there was such a treat considering some of the garbage the are willing to eat.Inexpensive so I did n't loose much just letting y' all know our experience .
 I 've had the CatGenie for 3 months now , and I love it.The Good : - Really well made-Good instructions-Easy to install-Reliable-Well designedThe Bad : - Sanitizer is REALLY strong smelling . To the point where my wife hates it . We have it in our laundry room and now before we run it we have to 1 -RRB- . Open the laundry room window 2 -RRB- . remove any laundry / clothes from the room 3 -RRB- . close the laundry room door , otherwise the smell pervades the whole house and is nauseating.-I just ordered some `` unscented '' cartridges -LRB- from http://www.robotshop.ca but they 're also available from www.catgenie.com . I 'm hoping that will solve the smell problem.So , if you 're thinking of buying these cartridges , I would highly recommend getting the unscented ones instead ...
 We have 6 cats & bought 3 cat genies . We were so tired of scooping ! The cats hated them . We tried for over a year . 2 of the cats never would use them . The cat genies always had something wrong with them . They would get stopped up , the processors would go out , we had to replace sensors and internal stuff almost every month . Finally the only way we could keep them running without a lot of breakdowns , was to scoop the poop and sprinkle some Oxyclean on the pellets on the 1st rinse part of the cycle to clean the pee . We still had to sit with them to make sure nothing stopped in mid cycle and left it full of warm stinky water . We are giving them away , donating them . We have gone back to scoopable litter & no peeing outside of the box . Only a $ 1000 plus experiment that failed .
 these are the only thing that will make your machine run but they do n't always perform that well . Even straight from the company they will beep that they are `` empty '' when they are a 1/4 still full and you can hear and feel fluid still in there . best to get unscented unless you love room spay or bad perfume smells . Best bet is to skip the cat genie altogether if you did n't already invest . They will stop answering at customer service after your warranty runs out or at least they have for me . Too bad to because you will be on the phone with them a lot . They sold me the dream but what I got was a nightmare . My machine is clogged or beeping several times a week and must be broken down at least once a month - this is absolutely disgusting and horrific beyond your worst possible experiences with regular litter . To add insult to injury my cats who where raised with the cat genie and had never used any other litter box in their lives actually prefer regular litter that they discovered when my husband moved in with his cat who was afraid of the machine and used regular clay - now my cats almost never use it anymore if they have the option .
 I have used this spray and my puppy still goes back and chews . I really wanted this spray to work , but it does n't seem to do much .
 This thing left little sharp pieces of a plastic like substance all over my floor . The red `` rawhide '' sandwiched into the braid was as brittle and sharp as glass . Take the red crap out and you have a decent little rawhide .
 I did n't realize these bones had a layer of meat-like product . This layer crumbles and scatters all over the place and is bright red . On the plus side , my puppy loves it . Would not purchase again though , because it 's such a mess
 I wish I had thought about this purchase a little longer . It takes a large space to work on the sifting , the clumps have to be dumped from a large container into a trash bag , then the litter from one large container to another , after the sifter is reinserted . Clear enough if you look at the picture , yet I did n't really think it through . It is hard to do without spillage , and so can be pretty messy and it seems like a major operation . I 'm currently using sifting liners inserted into this contraption and ignoring its sifting capabilities altogether . I find them much easier . And , they keep the box clean . In this , you ca n't really use a liner and now there are three large pieces that need to be cleaned .
 I loved the concept of this but it is messy . I got litter all over the floor when I was tipping it into the garbage sack , bits stick in the mesh and some fall out unexpectedly , and then you have to pour the remaining -LRB- dirty -RRB- litter into the other pan to get it on top of the mesh again - which releases dust , smells disgusting and just is n't a clever thing to do .
 the locks are pitiful ! the whole thing falls apart in 4 - 5 days , the middle pan is a really mess to clean .
 I ordered an extra large gold cat box , as pictured , and received a medium sized navy and white cat box that my cat would never fit into.I tried to organize a return with Amazon customer service on line and just kept getting re directed.I would not recommend ordering from this seller .
 I thought I would like the convenience of this product with the strainer pan , and 2 other pans included . However , I found the whole process just too cumbersome . I do like having a 2nd pan to rotate out and clean while the other is in use , but I am using my old large and solid scooper to remove the soiled litter . I am going to have to get a larger box though because the rescue boy kitty I got back in June is now huge and long . This box is only an average size .
 When I first saw this in the store I thought it was a great idea and a possible time saver , even at the higher price than other traditional litter boxes . The extra money would be worth the time saving . When I brought it home and started to use it I was disappointed.First , the grate holes in the sifting screen are too large and so much of the smaller clumps fall through you have to scoop anyway . The clumps that fall through are so small that they fall through a regular hand-held scoop as well , I had to find a strainer that would work . Also , the grate gets easily clogged and you have to clear it out . The other thing that I find really annoying is that the lid system does not seal well so litter was falling out the back as my cat tossed litter around in the box . This added a chore that I never had before , cleaning in back of the litter box.All in all I do n't think this product has saved me any time or made the job of cleaning out the box any easier . It actually created more work . I will replace it with a traditional litter box and send this one to the recycling bin . I really would not recommend it .
 I thought this would be a great way to avoid scooping out solid waste . It 's a decent concept , but it 's poorly executed . The slots in the sifting pan are easily clogged if your cat pees a lot , which mine does . I 've tried keeping the litter level higher to no avail . When the sifting pan gets wet litter stuck in it , then emptying it becomes a GIANT mess - worse than any traditional scooping litter box -LRB- the kind I was trying to get away from -RRB- made . To be honest , it made a giant mess whether there was wet litter stuck in it or not - the sifting pan is very large , so tipping it over even a large trash receptacle is awkward and messy . I would sooner use a traditional scooping litter box .
 Do not like the sifting pan . The litter gets stuck in the sifting pan and makes a huge mess when trying to change . Would not recommend this . .
 Agree 100 % with Allie - this sounds better then it is practical . The concept DOES NOR WORK IN REAL LIFE . I did try few different litters - all the same problem - there are peaces always stuck in the mesh of the `` cleaning '' part pan and to get them out is a messy challenge.I have 2 other boxes and prefer use the old system - scooper daily . `` I loved the concept of this but it is messy . I got litter all over the floor when I was tipping it into the garbage sack , bits stick in the mesh and some fall out unexpectedly , and then you have to pour the remaining -LRB- dirty -RRB- litter into the other pan to get it on top of the mesh again - which releases dust , smells disgusting and just is n't a clever thing to do .
 I purchased this item thinking how nice it would be to lift , sift and deposit waste into trash can . What a joke ! My husband went to lift and sift and immediately stated `` this thing is worthless '' . I looked at what he had in his hands and agreed . The `` sifter '' had clumps stuck to it , the debris left in the sifted litter still needed scooped and attempts to get the clumps stuck on the sifter to `` loosen '' only made more mess . We took sifter out and said `` we 'll scoop any day '' . I purchased another van ness sifting pan , without a lid , needless to say I 'm not going to use that one either . What a waste of money . This is one of those times when I wished I 'd purchased in a local store . I could return and get my money back . I 'm not willing to pay return shipping to send back to Amazon.com . Buy the Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box as we both like this one very much . Two suggestions with the Omega Paw is to wipe down the inside lid every couple of days and do not over fill with litter .
 I STILL have to scoop and this is vastly overpriced for a regular hooded box . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!
 Our dog loved her muttluks , but while she was running in the snow , one of them came off . We could n't find it so we are stuck with three muttluks , and we are not buying another set just to have spares . Perhaps the set could come with a spare one for these very occasions .
 I have ordered several things from amazon and always pleased by my purchases but when this came in the mail OMG JUNK . I am not pleased with it and do n't recommend this to ANYONE . I thought it would be cute to have near our kitchen window so that my kids could see the birds closer then it hanging in a tree but the stupid thing struggles to suction to the window and I had to use tape to help keep it closed up . Do n't buy this , buy a tree hanging one instead .
 On a perfectly clean window , the empty feeder fell to the concrete . I tried again and watched the suction cups come undone and it fell in to my hand . No way this could handle being full of seed and holding up with birds weight . It 's going back and I 'm getting something else .
 I was rather surprised when I got this item in the mail . The feeder itself is just a cheap piece of plastic with two suction cups . The one I got is separating at the top . I think this looks like it should sell for about five dollars or less , it really is extremely cheap looking . I wish I had just bought something locally instead of buying this online without seeing better what it looks like .
 I like the look of it not real big but one of the suction cups wo n't hold . I had to use tape to keep it from falling .
 I expected directions or tips -LRB- second story is better than first story , clean the surface first and wet the area or dampen ... -RRB- . Also , the house has little holes where it locks together , so the smaller seeds fall right through . The main problem is the suction cups . They are warped . They are not flat so that they can not create an air-tight suction seal . One suction cup was a little less warped , but since the other one was completely warped , it would n't hold up and the house fell immediately from the second story ... seed everywhere . Wrote to manufacturer to see if they would just send me some good suction cups , instead of having to go through the return process . Feel bad for the kids . They were so excited about it . We hear lots of wild birds and owls in our eaves right near where I wanted to place the house .
 I was n't impressed with the construction . The birdhouse was in two pieces with one suction cup falling off when it came out of the box -LRB- you can see the seam in the photo illustration to the left of the bird where the unit clips together -RRB- . This seemed more like a $ 2.99 drugstore item than a ten dollar item . I will update the review when I see how , or if , it holds up in use .
 I have no idea why this feeder got such great reviews ! Feeder is very poorly constructed of 2 cheap plastic pieces that did not fit together securely . No suction cups were included even though the box clearly states that they should be . Definitely a return ! Do not buy .
 I bought this feeder offline . For some reason the birds at my place could n't even figure out how to eat out of this feeder . They would stare at the seeds longingly , sit on the window sill , and peck at the plastic . But I think I only saw one bird sucessfully eat seeds out of it . I had the same handfull of seeds in there for weeks until I just gave up and took it down.I do n't think it 's that my birds were too big to land on the edge . They were mostly just sparrows . Maybe it was that they could n't really notice the clear plastic .
 This item is too very cheap -LRB- think cheap tupperware -RRB- pieces of symmetrical plastic snapped together , value of about $ 1.99 . The feeder is way too small and already after one day , a small cardinal just flew into the feeder on my window smashed into it hard and fell to the ground -LRB- was 2 feet off the ground in a basement window -RRB- because it was too small and it did hurt him . . Doubt he 'll be back : / . If you do n't want your desired birds hurt . . do n't buy this , its cheap and cruel .
 i bought a perky pet window wild bird feeder from amazon and it fell apart.but all i did was call and amazon made it good , no questions asked.they replaced it within just a few days.i have been very satisfied with amazon and will continue to buy from them .
 I purchased this bird feeder about 7 weeks ago . Have it on my deck window.No birds . I have another feeder in the back of the yard that many birds visit . The feeder is niceI just do n't know about the whole concept of it attaching to a window .
 This bird feeder is a total piece of crap . It 's made of cheap thin plastic with teensy connectors to bring both halves together . Two of the flimsy connection prongs immediately broke upon insertion . I doubt the product cost 25 cents to make . Avoid this poorly made feeder .
 Have n't seen a bird yet on this thing . I bought it b/c of the reviews and some `` expensive '' black sunflower seeds . No birds
 I ordered three of these for my cats . I got them and guess what ?? Not one of them stayed together . I had to silicon them together . I would have returned them with a nice note but it really is n't worth the trouble and time . I think they are probally banking that most people would feel that way . DO NOT BUY THIS ! Spend alittle more money and get a better one . Thanks for listening .
 I do n't know what the heck I 'm doing wrong but I have n't seen a single bird at this feeder in the 5 months its been up on our window . The birds flock to the other hanging seed feeder hung at the same height in the garden and I have to fill it weekly . I 'm still hoping they 'll find this window feeder but I 'm getting pretty discouraged .
 What a piece of junk , it came broken ! I would have sent it back but saw how cheap it was made and it was n't even worth it . I grabbed some tape and used that to hold it together . I only got it so that my cat would have something to watch while I was gone so I guess that 's OK , she will not care about the tape . Just the glass between them .
 This thing has been on my window for 2-3 weeks full of bird seeds . So far it has attracted ZERO bird . NOTHING ! My cat is still bored !
 Mine came just as described but is missing the suction cups ! This is very frustrating as it 's now useless to me .
 I guess you ca n't go too wrong at this price point but my feeder arrived missing one of the suction cups and also the two halves of the feeder do not fit together securely . Woodstream customer service said they did n't have any extra suction cups for me and they told me to glue the feeder together ... or return it and pay for shipping . I do not reccomend this feeder unless you are prepared to do some repairs .
 This feeder has done a great job of holding bird seed and staying on my window . Unfortunately no birds have used it . This might not be the fault of the feeder , as my other bird feeder has only had a squirrel visit it , but I have n't gotten what I expected from the feeder .
 I ordered this feeder , the first one arrived without the required suction cups . A replacement was sent and it arrived cracked . Somebody needs to do some better quality control . I will be ordering a different feeder this time !
 Ordered three of these feeders . One arrived with a crack along the seam . Another broke at the seam when positioning it on the window . These are not well made . I will try to reinforce the seams with heavy-duty tape .
 I tried a couple of windows with this feeder . Not one bird . We have birds in our little beach town but not one landed here . A waste of dollars , if you ask me .
 I had high hopes for this bird feeder , but it just is n't well made . When it arrived the two pieces would n't click together and stay so I ended up duct taping it rather than going through the hassle of a return . I recommend The Observer by Droll Yankee . It 's worth the extra money .
 Beware . I recieved this bird feeder and it was broken and had been sloppily reglued with crazy glue . It had fingerprints in the glue and was not fitted together . I would like them to send another , by can not reach them . This obviously had been returned and not checked .
 My family received this as a gift . I was so excited to put it up and watch the birds . When I tried to assemble it , I saw that one of the plastic prongs was broken , but I put it together anyway and it seemed like it would stay together pretty well . Then I tried to stick it on to my window , but it just would n't stay put at all , not even for a few minutes . I tried to clean the window to see if that would help , but it still would n't stay.This product was a big disappointment .
 feeder is cheaply and poorly made . first one was missing parts , replacement was defective -LRB- two halves improperly glued and fell apart . -RRB- managed to put a single functioning unit together but the result was only marginally satisfactory
 and it was fine - when it stayed on the window . But I was constantly having to go out and fish it out of the landscaping , then reattach it to the window . I tried cleaning the window and the suction cups , and it still fell . As a result , I 'm still looking for a window mounted feeder .
 I got this from my sister as a gift , when I received it it looked like it had been opened . I took out everything and I did n't get and suction cups to put it up !
 it has been hanging on the window since Christmas and have n't seen one bird coming to eat . Whoever designed this product might not know the bird and have n't been watching bird feeding . Great idea but poor result .
 I have had two of these and both had the same problem . They both did not stick well to windows and both cracked in half . I duct taped one of them , and now I 'm just giving up and buying something better .
 Very cheaply made , came with only one of the two needed suction cups . I would not recommend this product .
 We loved it till the squirrel noticed it and started jumping on it trying to get to the food . The idea is great but you have to find a window that is n't near a tree with squirrels around .
 I thought this would be great for our birds to feed at our window . But very few want to perch on it . Plus , it does n't drain well . After one season , the plastic discolored , and the suction cups would n't stick to the window .
 I bought two of these cute bird houses and they came boxed seperately . Each box stated that suction cups were included , yet neither box contained suction cups . The bird house is useless until I can track some down in the right size and pay extra for them . Skip these .
 I loved this window feeder when I first got it , but after only a few weeks one suction cup would n't hold it in place . I kept cleaning the window and slightly dampened the suction cups -LRB- as suggested -RRB- . It finally fell to the ground and broke . I loved it while it lasted because seeing the birds right outside the kitchen window was wonderful . I 'm not sure if I will ever try another window feeder that uses suction cups .
 I was pretty excited about this . I put it on my kitchen window , put seed in it , and I do n't think a bird even touched it . A few minutes after I stuck it to the window I heard something fall . I looked out , and it was on the ground . The pins that held it together were broken , so it would n't stay together anymore.I 'll probably try to glue it together & try again because I really liked the idea , but it did n't stay on the window as well as I had hoped .
 I bought this as a gift and was horrified when they opened the box and it was just a piece of cheap plastic ... it probably wont last one summer ... : -LRB-
 Collar was far less than 20 usable inches -- measured less than 20 '' from buckle to tip . Construction appeared durable , but was too short for my dogs .
 Bought this when I could not find my normal OSI product , and my fish just did n't take to it as well . Replaced with normal OSI green label asap .
 I bought this thing . It leaked , which I stopped after much futzing with ... only to have the electrical short out * externally * at the connector-wire junction due to internal partitional leakage.don ' t waste your time or money .
 Original box of seeds was opened when it arrived and seeds were spilled all over other items that came with my purchase . I purchased this nut bar , shampoo , collars and liquid wormer for pets and all items came shipped together in one box . I did n't appreciate the fact that food and shampoo were packed in the same box . My birds love these seeds thats why I gave it 2 stars and not 1 , cause product itself is OK . That being said , I am highly disappointed at Amazon for their lack of care . I am sure that they would refund or replace the item , but I am still deciding if its even worth to submit a request and have to deal with return shipping and so on for a few dollars . The only reason why I bought this online is so that I did n't have to go to store ... This is a good lesson to learn that for perishable and liquid items is maybe better getting to store as it sure takes less time then online shopping and post office all together .
 I was outraged when I realized in this `` organic '' , `` holistic '' product to calm down dogs , that it has more alcohol -LRB- 13 % -RRB- than cough medicine for humans -LRB- 10 % -RRB- !! Sure , it calms a dog , who are most often half the weight of a human !! As usual , I should have looked into it more closely . It seems like in this day and age you ca n't take anything for granted .
 my dog would not touch his water with just a tiny drop of this stuff . when i forced it down his troat it made him even more energetic -LRB- dog groomer did not appreciate that -RRB- . horrible buy
 Original box of seeds was opened when it arrived and seeds were spilled all over other items that came with my purchase . I purchased this nut bar , shampoo , collars and liquid wormer for pets and all items came shipped together in one box . I did n't appreciate the fact that food and shampoo were packed in the same box . My birds love these seeds thats why I gave it 2 stars and not 1 , cause product itself is OK . That being said , I am highly disappointed at Amazon for their lack of care . I am sure that they would refund or replace the item , but I am still deciding if its even worth to submit a request and have to deal with return shipping and so on for a few dollars . The only reason why I bought this online is so that I did n't have to go to store ... This is a good lesson to learn that for perishable and liquid items is maybe better getting to store as it sure takes less time then online shopping and post office all together .
 the worse quality , the glue falls off the ornament on the ribbon and can create a problem if your little pooch eats it , cant get them to stay together . will try gluing them into place myself but I recommend dont buy choose one without the problem unless you dont care what your poochy swallows
 Fast delivery , worked great for about 2 months . If we had known it would n't work all year long in our area , would n't have purchased this item ?!!! We live in a very wet area , most of the year .
 When I opened this packae to place it in the cage for my birds all the seed fell off the stcik to the bottom of the cage which at the time was not very clean ... . turned out to be a waste of money .
 wish I could have tried the product . Bought a entire bottle and was able to get my dog to eat only one . She refused to eat anymore . If your dog is picky with treats , may not be the best for you . Will need to try some type in pill form .
 my dogs are small -LRB- 9 lbs each -RRB- so i have to cut each tablet in half which is inconvenient . i was also told by my vet that i could buy generic glucosamine chondroitin and it 's much cheaper . the dogs liked the flavor , but then again they 've been known to eat cat poop so ...
 I had hoped this product would help my bichon but she refuses to eat them . . I am going to try another product and hope that it will be better .
 dog wo n't swallow too big and the taste is apparently not to his liking
 Our 8 year old Vizsla ate the first one but refused every subsequent offering . I now have to mash it into a powder and mix it with wet dog food for her to take it . I wo n't buy it again .
 It appears that the Viatek product -LRB- Bark Stop Pro -RRB- is related to the Lentek design -LRB- PC16 ; ASIN
 Could not adjust sensitivity low enough . Put a coffee cup down on the counter and it goes off . Blow your nose in the room , goes off . Would not recommend this for anyone . If I could have rated it as a `` 0 '' , I would have .
 This product does not work . Oh yes , it makes a high pitched noise when you do the `` test '' but does nothing to get the attention of the barking dog . A waste of money .
 I purchased this device because my neighbor 's dog barks whenever we are outside . I spoke to them about the dog , but there is little they can do about it themselves . The problem with the bark-stop is that it will not go off when the dog barks ! It is only ~ 20 feet away and the dog barks very loud -LRB- big dog -RRB- , but the thing only goes off when I move or bump it . I tried all settings etc and no luck . I do n't recommend you buy this device and would hope there is something more effective on the market .
 This did not work at all !!!!!!!!!! The dog actually barked more . We are returning this item .
 This product did n't do much for my situation . The next-door neighbors got two puppies for Christmas , but now they are of barking age and tend to bark in the mornings . I bought this product thinking it would be my cure-all . Unfortunately , a fence and some trees are difficult for this product to penetrate . It needs a clear line-of-sight in the ultra-sonic mode so it is very difficult to use for my purpose without very clever placement . More importantly : This product is outdated . A much better product is the ` Super Bark Stop . ' It 's by the same company , however it has more control such as a Volume Setting , # of barks Setting , and is battery powered allowing more placement options .
 I purchased this unit because my neighbors have repeatedly complained about my dog barking while I am away at work . On their suggestion I bought this unit and after several days of use my neighbor complained about the noise the unit was making and that it did nothing to impede any barking my dog felt like participating in . This did not work for me -LRB- or my neighbor -RRB- but it may work for another dog . I believe this unit was also set off by wind and other non-bark noises which , in my opinion , makes it less effective as the dog will not necessarily connect that the noise is supposed to mean `` stop barking '' . As an aside , I find it humorous that all the pictures of barking dogs on company websites are the 2 breeds I have -LRB- Rottweiler mix and German Shepherd -RRB- .
 In principle , this should be a great product . We got one and set it up in a few seconds . Our dogs responded to it very well , and stopped most of their barking . -LRB- In spite of some false triggers when it was not screened from the wind . -RRB- Then after less than 10 days of use , it went dead . The vendor responded politely and quickly with a free replacement unit . That one worked great ... for 5 days . Then it went catatonic , with a click every second or getting stuck in permanently ON mode . The vendor responded politely and quickly with a refund.That 's 2 out of 2 units defective , which tells me there is a major defect in either the design or the quality control at the manufacturer . Instead of wasting your time , maybe you should look for a different manufacturer .
 `` Viatek Professional Bark Stop Dog Bark '' does n't work . It is obvious that the dogs are aware of the device because their ears perk up when a sound is emitted after they bark ; however , they continue to bark . I have tested the device on several occassions by turning the device off and monitoring the dogs , and then by turning it on to watch for changes , yet the results are the same .
 This product does not work at all ! Save time and money and being pissed off . . DO NOT BUY IT . We are still dealing with the company to get our money back .
 Microphone triggers on any sound , except barking . On three different dogs tested on , barking did not trigger the device and when manually triggered -LRB- cough or tap the device -RRB- the dogs were not affected in any way and continued to bark .
 This product did not have any impact on my dogs barking at all.My dogs would stand right next to this and back just like they normally do . I often turned the alarm to audible just to verify that it was even working . After three weeks of trying I finally returned the trainer .
 We were trying to stop our neighbor 's dog from obnoxiously barking at the fence every time we 're outside sitting on the deck to relax . Installed the bark stop transmitter and no matter what setting we put it on , it went completely unnoticed by this golden retriever . We tested it first with the audio signal and it did sound each time the dog barked , but in ultrasonic mode , the dog was n't deterred at all . It says on the box it does n't work under certain barking conditions -LRB- like protection barking -RRB- , it 's mainly for nuisance barkers . We 've had it up for 2 weeks . NO CHANGE at all .
 We bought 3 different bark deterrent devices . This one is by far the worst . The design is very poor and can not withstand any outdoor use.Mine broke apart at the plug after only one use . I have never had a power box break while unplugging it from the wall . The plastic was brittle and thin.As far as the usefulness of this product , it would constantly get set off even when turning it on or off . The area where the switches are located is covered with a useless plastic piece that has a long screw to cover it . If you turn it on and try to screw the cover on , it will go off.I would never buy anything from this company again .
 The product did not work for me at all , worse than that , I returned it per their rules with a return authorization number and after 2 months I still have not recieved my money back ! WARNING ! DO NOT BUY this product !
 I received the Viatek Professional Bark Stop in today 's mail . I followed the instructions and it never worked . I then started going thru the paper work again and found a note from the previous owner `` Worked for one day and then quit . '' Obviously I was shipped an item that had already been returned ... and NO I did n't not ask for a replacement .
 I purchased this product with the skepticism from reading all the other reviews but figured I 'd give it a try myself . Well , the bad reviews are dead on . The item came to us and already had something broken floating around inside but still worked so we tried it . The `` ultrasonic '' setting appeared to stay on all the time regardless if the dog was barking or not and the regular setting would shut the machine down completely if the dog barked for more than 5 minutes . I am returning this product and would not recommend anyone to purchase this for training their dog from not barking . Citronella collars work WAY better !
 Great Idea , liked that it ran off of DC current , Loved that it had an extra cord to move the device around . But It has to function to be effective . Lights and everything works , but even a basset hound barking loudly in the same room did not cause it to go off . Should have trusted the reviews I read and not wasted my time . Have to tap the mic area to set it off , so I know it can function , just think that the size of the dog needed to set this off would be on the scale of livestock .
 This product does not work at all ! It did n't even almost stop the barking or lessen the barking . And no matter what setting you put it in , the `` inaudible '' noise was very audible . Also , it takes 4 'D ' batteries which will be very expensive when it is continually running because the dog wo n't stop barking !!! We are returning and looking for another solution .
 This device seems nice and well build , at first begin it worked fine , not as a 100 % bark stopper in terms of full eficiency , but overall it worked , a few weeks later it seems to be in good working operation but does not stop dogs barks , so I just give 2 stars . Cheap devices are expected to give low satisfaction .
 If you put in Audible , the dog and you get in silence , but only with `` Ultrasonic '' no body lisen it , you or the dog.Don ' t work.I do n't ask for the money because I 'm in Chile and is mor expensive send it than the product.Regards.Nicolas Ortiznikingdomm@hotmail.com
 I bought this device , hoping it would help with my dog 's barking . However , the dog acted as if the device did not exists after 2 weeks . The product is a sham and takes advantage of pet owners . Do not buy .
 I was so hopeful that this would work as I have a barker ! My golden retrievor is a handful when it comes to him wanting attention from me all the time . I ca n't even sit for 10 minutes so we gave this a try.Moved it to a few locations as instructed and almost 30 days later he just continued to look at it , bark at it more and then kept barking without any regard for it . We tried both the silent mode and the high pitch mode we could hear - nothing worked . I have now given up and hope he outgrows hisbehavior .
 I have had this product for over a year now -LRB- shocked that I had n't thrown it out yet ... I guess I 'm still praying it would eventually help -RRB- . My 20lb . Westie can sit right next to this machine -LRB- 2-3 feet from it -RRB- and bark continuously for at least 15 minutes . The light tone from the machine does n't seem to phase her !!
 The bark alert does not work at all . We have two Yorkies and we have had the machine for a month and it has not affected them at all .
 A complete waste of money . Our dogs are completely unaffected by the `` ultrasonic sound '' . We tried all settings , low , high and even audible . The audible setting will emit a loud piercing sound , much like a smoke detector alarm , and it almost deafened me when I turned it on . My dogs looked at me like I 'm an idiot . Maybe I am for wasting my money on this junk .
 I bought this to help deal with an older dog next door . I feel really bad for the dog , but hey , I got ta get sleep once in a while too . I had high hopes for this device after reading many of the online reviews but am sad to say it failed miserably . Perhaps because the dog is so old , it may have lost some of its hearing . I do n't know . Either way , it did n't work for me . Setting the tone to the lower -LRB- audible -RRB- version did nothing more than frighten my cat and irritate me everytime the dog barked . So that didnt work either . : - -LRB- My recommendation would be to not buy this if the dog you are attempting to silence is older .
 This ramp does not work with regular car doors - car doors do n't open 90 degrees , which they would need to do to accommodate this ramp.The ramp is useless unless you use it to load a dog into a hatchback type opening at the back of the vehicle . And that 's assuming you want your dog to be in the cargo area , since if the dog ca n't get in the car by itself it ca n't climb over the backseat , either .
 I bought this for my dog who had back problems , it was way too steep and my dog had to jump about 3/4 's of the way up to my bed because the measurement of the ramp on the description was incorrect . It totally defeated the purpose of my dog having to not jump . I had to go back to the stairs I had been using
 This is not for a tall SUV . We have a hummer and the ramp only reaches just above the hitch . We thought the dogs might still be able to go up . We tried it ONCE and the dog made it up with our help . We had to hold the ramp in place because there is no traction . There are now scrapes on the entire length of the ramp . The scrapes took all of the blue material off after one use . I wish I could send it back but it is too late now . We are now stuck with a product we can not use . This is the perfect size for a small car . THIS WAS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!
 My puppy has a chewing problem , as do many , and so when I bought this product I was relieved that I 'd finally found something to get her to stop chewing on the furniture . But not only did n't it stop her from doing so ... but she was * attracted * to the gel .
 More information would be forthcoming if my two parakeets were eating the product.They do not want to eat it . Fresh products are good and this one is packaged like it maybe nutritious option but there is no date on the package .
 I put this out for them and all they do is walk around it . Theyll jump over it on occasion but the cats solely prefer my couch and office chair . Even the catnip didnt work . Might as well have thrown some dirt on the thing .
 The product shipped is not the product in the photograph . The item in the photograph appears in an animal print fabric . The item shipped to me is a black terry cloth which has shed lint on everything it touches . My cat loves it but what does she know ?
 It worked ok for the first few days after we got it for our dog to play and walk in the snow and on the pavement with snow/salt . We realized that these boots are extremely hard to clean by hand . The salt and sand get stuck on the bottom of the boots because the bottom of the boots are not smooth . They feel like suede/fabric . Unless you toss them in the washing machine after every use , it is very hard to maintain them and dry them.After using for a few weeks , the bottom of the boots began to break . There are holes on the bottom towards the front of the boots -LRB- we do keep his nails clipped frequently -RRB- . They are no longer waterproof anymore . The company 's website stated that `` many dogs have worn their Muttluks for over three years '' , but it only lasted just over a month for our dog . We never use them on dry pavement or concrete . We only use them to protect his feet from salt when there 's snow.The boots are also not very easy to put on . It takes us about 10 min to put all of them on the dog .
 Josephene is a toy poodle and my hearing assistance dog . After moving to Colorado , thought it would be wise to get her some boots for winter . The Muttluks are well made and not to difficult to put on . The Teeny Weeny fit her well in the pads . After she adjusted to having boots on , I thought our problems would be solved . But , the side seams are irritating her feet to the point where the boots are worthless to us . The way in which the boots are designed , there is a huge amount of excess material at the side seams , and all of that excess is inside the boot . I have continued to try with these boots , but the irritation to her feet is just too much.We also noticed that the sole does not grip very well . Since Josephene works , she is subject to all of the same walking conditions that I am , and in winter that means ice , salt , chemicals and snow ; going from parking lots and sidewalks , to tiled or carpeted inside buildings . I need a boot which the sole can provide her the traction to stay on her feet . Sadly , once the soles got wet with snow or ice , the Muttluks would quickly become slick and she has slipped and fallen due to this.I hate dog boot shopping , especially for a small working dog . It seems boots are either designer , with little durability , made of materials not suited to constant abuse and soles which would be useless . Or boots which appear to be wonderful but their smallest size is for a two inch pad . Good luck to you on dog boot shopping , hope this review gives you useful info to make your decision .
 In overview - these are JUNK , and probably even dangerous.To expand on that more - I bought these for my huge Pit/Lab cross because he has arthritic toes and gets very painful in the winter when we go to the barn to take care of horses.The first attempt at using them , 2 boots were off within about 1 minute . The next attempt , 2 boots were off within 20 minutes . Third attempt seemed great ! Boots stayed on for our entire trip to the barn and back , though they were slid down and flopping on the end of his feet , but I had hope . Fourth attempt was this morning . He made a detour through the yard , and when he arrived at the barn , only one boot was on his foot . I had to retrace his steps to retrieve the boots in the snow - in the dark.Last night I noticed after taking the boots off in the house , that the hair around where the velcro attaches was very `` kinked '' and `` messed up . '' I had the veldcro on TIGHT . I was told you ca n't get the velcro tight enough - do it as TIGHT as it takes to keep it on . So I did . They stayed on , but I was concerned what the paws looked like back inside the house . Last night I noticed him starting to lick the area of messed up hair where the velcro goes.He is NOT a sensitive dog , and things do n't generally bother him , but he 's clearly bothered by whatever is happening to his feet after just a few times in the boots . Now I 'm concerned that he 'll develop a licking problem !! So in summary , the only way to keep the boots on the feet is to strap them on so tightly that you cause damage to the hair and skin . These boots are GARBAGE . The velcro straps need to be up higher so they wrap around the leg - not the top of the paw . I 'm going to buy Neo Paws because I 've heard nothing but great things about them.If there was a NO stars option , I 'd click that . 1 star is too many .
 I have a small terrier , and I was n't able to keep the Muttluks on his feet . I had to keep turning around on our walk to search for one or two missing ones . I guess his legs are just too skinny , but I could n't have possibly made them any tighter . I was hoping to protect him from the prickly things in the desert . I 'm disappointed .
 Unlike other boots , these do remain on your dog during walks , but they are not the least bit durable . I purchase them in the winter to protect my dog 's paws from snow and salt . By month 2 they are completely falling apart . So , prepare yourself to spend money on a relatively expensive product that has little to no lasting power .
 After going only 3/4 mile around the neighborhood with my dog and his new Muttluks , these shoes were all worn and frayed . I used some epoxy to seal the worn holes , but since then have resorted to buying more expensive but durable shoes . These shoes also do n't have much grip on the bottom , so unless your dog is walking on concrete , asphalt or grass , he 'd be slipping all over the place as mine did . These shoes are generally easy for your dog to walk in , as they are flexible and the `` socks '' help them stay on -- but unless you plan on having your dog wear these in the yard or something , I would n't recommend them .
 Thought this was a great deal until I received it and found that the pulley assembly is completely made of plastic that is sure to break soon and the clasp 's are rusting and are very hard to open by next spring I am sure I will need to buy a better quality dog run
 When this heater came in , I read the instructions thoroughly and placed it into the aquarium with the temp . set to 75 deg . Within half a day , I noticed that the temperature shot up to 79 deg . Fahrenheit . Suspicious , I dialed the heater down all the way to 65 deg , waited half and hour , and checked to see if the heater was still on / emitting heat . It was still on . I immediately emailed the seller and asked for an RMA . After doing further research of this item , I noticed that this line of heaters have had quality control issues of late . So instead , I spent the extra cash and obtained a Marineland submersible 50 watt heater . I set it to 75 deg , and now my tank is exactly at 75 degrees .
 The collar was super sturdy but that was it 's downfall . The collar would not flex at all so it made our dog 's throat irritated . He began to develop a cough-like hack . Our dog is 70 lbs so he is a big dog but the collar was not appropriate . When we switched to a single thickness collar his cough disapated .
 Unsafe -LRB- especially for pets that will run away -RRB- , Easily Broken , Heavy , and Bulkyyou can see my full review for the identical item here : Beige Flexible Handle Pet StrollerI returned this `` flexible handle '' piece of junk from Amazon and bought the Petgear brand Happy Trails stroller from CSN stores , a reputable Ebay seller . The Petgear stroller is much lighter , has the same interior carriage dimensions , and has a safer , heavy duty zipper as well as much better alignment and more sturdy wheels . From Ebay , this stroller was only $ 87.95 -LRB- with Free Shipping -RRB- which is about what I paid to get this low-quality bulky stroller from Amazon once shipping is figured in -LRB- not to mention the cost of shipping it back which Amazon is n't going to refund at this point -RRB- .
 -LRB- forced by Amazon to re-write this review , strong language maybe -RRB- I ordered the 16 oz Novaqua Plus product . I received an 8 oz bottle of Amquell Plus . These are different products , despite sharing one word in common -LRB- the less fundamental word , `` plus '' ; not similar to other products with the word `` plus '' in them , ie MiracleGro Plus , Tumms Plus , etc. -RRB- I paid $ 5 shipping for a product I did n't order , in the -LRB- smaller -RRB- size I did n't order , for a product that is worth less -LRB- i.e. available for sale -RRB- than what I paid for , and I did n't find this out until too much time had passed.Can you think of a way to mess this up worse ? Maybe if you had mailed me a brick . Yeah , that 'd be worse . Thanks for not sending me a brick!You stink.Thanks for wasting my time and money . I 'd give 0 stars if I could .
 My cat would n't even touch this . He sniffed it , looked at me , and tried to bury it . -LRB- Digging at the kitchen tile , unfortunately for him , did not work . -RRB- I tried on three different occasions , thinking that maybe his belly was just upset that day from the CRF . He never would eat it . Now , I 've got a case -LRB- minus three cans -RRB- of it . Guess I 'll donate it to the local animal shelter .
 I 'm not really sure what I was thinking when I bought this food , except that I was freaking out about my cat being diagnosed with chronic renal failure . The ingredients in this food are really not something I would normally even consider feeding to our cats , but like I said , I was freaking out ! Usually cats like crappy canned food , so I figured , what the hell and opened a can . Not only did our chronic renal failure cat turn his nose up , but so did the other 3 cats . Oh , well ! I 'm sure it 's better than any of Hill 's Science Diet products , Purina anything , or Royal Canin 's prescription diet , but not by very much .
 poor ingredients , poor taste . junk food for cats . neither cat will touch this food even if mixed with other food . I did not even bother to donate it to the animal shelter , why torture other cats ?
 i bought 80 bucks worth of this because of the other reviews of this product . my cat wo n't eat it . period . so just like in people , taste is subjective . buy a small amount and try it out first . hopefully your cat will love it . i 'm sure it is a good product quality-wise , which is why i did n't rate it lower .
 My vet says my cat is in the beginning stage of CRF . I 've been changing his diet from dry Science Diet K/D to wet . Everything I 've been reading says wet food is best as long as it is human grade . Unfortunatly , he wo n't eat the HI-Tor . Now I 'm stuck with a case of it . It should be sold in smaller quantities for trial purposes .
 This cat food ingredients are - Water sufficient for Processing , Meat By-Products , Chicken , Beef , Liver , Ocean Fish , Rice Flour , Guar Gum , Calcium Carbonate , Carrageenan , Locust Bean Gum , Potassium Citrate , Brewers Dried Yeast , Vegetable Oil , Iron Oxide , Taurine , Vitamin E Supplement , Choline Chloride , Zinc Oxide , Thiamine Mononitrate , Ferrous Sulfate , Niacinamide , d-Calcium Pantothenate , Copper Sulfate , Pyridoxine Hydrochloride , Riboflavin Supplement , Folic Acid , Manganous Oxide , Vitamin A Acetate , Biotin , D-Activated Animal Sterol -LRB- Source of Vitamin D3 -RRB- , Vitamin B12 Supplement '' . It is unfortunate that this has meat by-products as the largest portion of the protein it contains . I do not doubt the value of fresh caught prey 's `` innards '' , but I do doubt the quality of what any cat food company is using , when they list it as `` by-products '' . However ... this food does have the pluses of being an available , non-prescription food , one that is not only lower in protein and phosphorus , but one which per a support list I was on for owners of CRF kitties , extremely popular with some cats .
 Well , rats . I finally found a renal cat food that my cat likes , and they change the formula !! To defend her pickiness , Sabrina has had renal disease for 6.5 years . She 's been through all the mainstream renal cat foods and sooner or later , tired of each of them . No going back , either . Kitty with a memory - my luck . I read good reviews about Hi-Tor Neo Diet early this year , and ordered a case . She SCARFED that food down ! Things went along swimmingly until my last order >> hmm , new label , new size , new consistency , does n't smell the same . For a week now , Sabrina has consistently taken a few bites , then turns her nose up at it . She 's eating maybe 1/8th of what she used to eat . I 'm shipping the remainder back , and the new search begins ... sigh . Anybody else having this experience ?
 I have tried every type of low ph food for one of our cats , and of all I have tried , this is the one she absolutely refuses to eat . Even tried mixing it with her other low ph food which she will eat , but no dice . So if your cat is a finicky eater , you may need to pass on this one .
 Product quality very poor , even taking into consideration the Chinese origin . Hat size was tiny -- same as shown on the little pug , though I ordered a size XL for my smallish Golden Retreiver mix -LRB- 50 lbs -RRB- . The suit barely fit him , i.e it was overall too small . The feather did n't stand up . Good thing my dog is so cute that he looked great despite this costume !
 I received the product in a timely manner . The costume is a very poor quality and I do n't know if I will use it or not . Not worth the $ $ to return it . The hat is cute !
 Would not recommend this item for dogs under a 100lbs . It 's been used for 3 weeks and beginning to show signs that the plastic coating is cracked .
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 I recently bought this collar for my cat , and he almost died because of it . Whatever is in that collar is so strong that it hurt my cat 's nervous system . About 2 hours after I placed the collar around his neck he started to foam at his mouth and shake uncontrollably . It looked like an epileptic attack . The vet confirmed that the seizures were caused by the chemicals in the collar and that he 's not sure if my cat is going to make it ... Please if you care about your pets , do n't let them suffer and do n't buy anything from this company.Check this company 's reviews !!!! They 're not good .
 I bought this product from a local pet store . We were having flea issues and thought this might help , since our cat likes to go outside . About 3 hours after we put the collar on her , she lied down on the couch and did n't get back up for almost 20 hours . She became very aggressive and hostile toward our kittens -LRB- which she has never done -RRB- and would not allow anyone to touch her -LRB- which she is normally very cuddly -RRB- . Finally , she had a seizure and we called the vet . He informed us that we needed to take the collar off -LRB- which we did -RRB- and within 5 minutes she was up and running around . I will never put a flea collar on her again . I spoke to a friend about the situation , and she had the same experience with her dogs with this brand !
 I recently bought the flea collar for my pet , before i did my research , and i discovered that people should be incredibly concerned about the use of flea collars on companion animals , particularly those containing propuxor and tetrachlorvinphos in their active ingredients . These are both considered neurotoxins to mammals and known to be carcinogentic . These collars and their active ingredient chemicals pose risk of damaging the brain and nervous system of humans , especially toddlers , as well as the pets that they are used on . I am very dissapointed that a product like this is allowed to be sold in stores . I would suggest to do your research before buying this product .
 I have three ferrets , all of which hated these vitamin treats . I actually ended up throwing them away , because my ferrets would never eat them . These treats are hard , which my ferrets do n't like . I would recommend getting the 8 in 1 vitamins in paste form instead , my ferrets love that !
 Collar was far less than 20 usable inches -- measured less than 20 '' from buckle to tip . Construction appeared durable , but was too short for my dogs .
 This collar is made well and nice , but the sizing info was very inaccurate . It says this collar is 26 '' long . The directions were to measure your dog 's neck , add two inches and thats the size you need . Well , when the collar arrived it was only 25 '' long at the maximum length and the first hole was at 23 '' . Needless to say it did not fit my dog with a 24 '' neck . I suggest ordering a collar at least 6 '' larger than your dog 's neck measures so its loose and does n't need to be on the last hole . Bummer .
 My cat loves this fountain and it has definitely helped him drink more water . He enjoys sticking his head under the fountain and listening to the water . The last one stuck with us for 2 years before it gave out.However , it had a catastrophic failure - just below the 6 month point . The motor was recently cleaned and now will not turn on . Before the cleaning it was working just fine -LRB- no sounds/signs of wear -RRB- . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of the motor and am not sure I can justify the replacement cost - 3 fountains over 2.5 years is too frequent for me.I 'd like to know of others experiences with motor failure - did I get a lemon ? My cleaning practices were regular and used the recommended cleaning equipment/process . Feeling a bit burned .
 I purchased the Drinkwell Platinum about a week ago at a local retailer in my area . In this store the price was nearly 4x that it is on Amazon . I wish I had purchased it online . I have been waiting patiently for my small breed dog to take a drink from this fountain . He is afraid of the fountain . I have it at the lowest possible noise setting , and still he will not drink from it . I originally purchased it because as part of our daily routine we go to a small river every day and go wading in the water . While he is in the water he very gladly drinks from the flowing water of the stream . Thus I thought this would be ideal . His water intake from a usual metal drinking bowl is lower then I feel is healthy for him . I thought I had found the ideal solution . I may have to return this grossly over priced -LRB- in comparison -RRB- drinking system . Also the retailer I purchased the unit from does n't carry replacement charcoal filters . These filters are recommended to be replaced every two weeks . I also did not see replacement filters listed on theAmazon site ? I could be incorrect and they are available somewhere ? , it was unclear . The vast majority of all the reviews I read were targeted towards cat owners and their overwhelming pleasure with the product . I did not find any reviews that dealt with the very real concern of your dog being too weary to approach the Drink well , rendering it useless , no matter what you paid for it in the first place . Overall I was very hopeful that this device would improve my pets water intake . I am sad to report that if anything it has done the opposite . I am very motivated to return the product . Not to mention there is no logical reason there should be such a difference in price between retailers , it is more then a $ 40 difference , in Amazons favor.Consumers beware - Helena Carleton in Vermont .
 I guess I could have reviewed the dimensions more carefully , but this water fountain is huge ! I had the previous non-platinum version prior to this and this is much much bigger especially because of the reserve tank . Pro
 I bought this with some trepidation as my 18 year old cat is very difficult and I was n't sure if he would drink from it ... not only does he drink from it -LRB- it took about a day ... -RRB- , but he seems to be drinking more . This is great because he has kidney issues . I also was worried that this pet fountain would create a mess , but it is great !! Highly recommended -LRB- by my cat ! -RRB- UPDATE ON OCTOBER 23 , 2011 -- The fountain broke ... the motor no longer works ... I am not sure how to fix it and could n't contact the drinkwell corporation . This was a lot of money to spend on something that worked only for five months !!!!! Also , it was a pain in the neck to clean . My cat -LRB- who is 19 years old now -RRB- has settled back into drinking from a bowl and is doing well , but I am still annoyed that this fountain was n't very durable ... and that the motor conked out .
 All it does is leak everywhere and make a huge mess . I have owned about 10 water fountains over the years and this is by far the worst , especially for the price.Save your money !
 My cats love this fountain . They like to play in water faucets , and this was the closest to the real thing . The water stayed clean -LRB- except for twice , it turned brown even after the filter was replaced . . so I just emptied the fountain and refilled to fix -RRB- , the shape of the fountain compensated for the bulkiness , making it pretty easy to find a spot for it in the kitchen , and even though it had a slight hum , we got used to it fairly quick ... and then the water slowed to a dribble.I have only had this fountain for a month and a half.I cleaned it and still nothing . I adjusted the speed of the water flow . . still nothing.I have read other reviews saying that the pump will stop working from hard water -LRB- I do n't have hard water -RRB- and you have to order a $ 20 replacement . If this is to happen every month and a half , the fountain is better off in the trash .
 One of my cats loves drinking running water straight out of the faucet . So much so that she does n't always drink enough water if she has to deign to drink from a bowl like her sister . The vet suggested just leaving a faucet running . In the interest of environmental consciousness I thought this might be a better plan . Turns out one of my cats is terrified of the noise -LRB- its barely noisy she is just a scaredy cat -RRB- , so I still have to use a regular bowl.The part I hate most is the cleaning . With the bowl I pick it up clean it out with a soapy sponge , rinse , refill and am done . With this I do n't have a place super close to my sink so I usually remove the reservoir and the little lid that constantly falls off anyway and then carry the whole thing over . Unfortunately I am not talented enough to do this without spilling . Once I get it to the sink it breaks out into four more additional pieces plus the pump . Each piece has to be individually washed and rinsed and there are still a few nooks and crannies that I never feel like I can get clean . It a lot of time every weekend to spend cleaning a cat fountain.I have now replaced this with a different brand that has just the bottom piece the bowl and a pump . Its definitely less fancy and with no reservoir requires more fillings but its much easier and less time consuming to keep clean .
 The fountain worked fine , but it was too noisy even when filled to capacity . Also , my cats did not like it even after a couple weeks .
 I have two cats - one who loves water ! I originally bought the smaller Drinkwell fountain but found that I was having to fill it up every day . I wanted something that had room for more water so it would last longer between filling it up . I got the Platinum fountain and for the first few months it worked great but now the only thing coming out of the unit is a little dribble of water . It seems like every time I go to clean everything it works less and less . I would not buy another Drinkwell and am looking at other brands for a replacement .
 3 of my 4 cats developed disgusting black crusted mess with pink irritated skin on their white chins . It took a lot of heartaches and phone calls , tests , etc. to realize that the cats had an allergic reaction , contact dermatitis from the plastic . Too late to return . Going for a CERAMIC fountain now . I actually have 2 of these . Anyone want them for half price , including a bunch of new filters ??
 We have three cats , and this thing gets slimy in less than a week.And forget about putting that cat grass in it . The roots take over the bottom and the slime gets worse.Not a good product if you are not home most days and nobody else wants to take it apart and clean it .
 There is a major design flaw in the placement of the charcoal water filter . The charcoal filter should be placed between the front particle filter and the water pump . The water in this unit flows through the front particle filter and into the back reservoir . This water is contaminated with bacteria and dirt not caught by the front particle filter . The front particle filter does very little but catch hair and some larger food particles . The majority of the contaminated water flows through to the back reservoir . It is from this water that the water pump takes water and pumps it up into the filter chamber . Another flaw is the filters are too short allowing contaminated water to flow right over the top of the charcoal filter . The water pump should -LRB- pump water away from a filter not towards a filter -RRB- . We want to protect our pets water supply as much as possible and we want to protect the water pump as much as possible too . This chamber gets loaded up with dirty water as does the front reservoir and back reservoir . The next flaw in design is the water tank . The cap/valve piece should be a better one way valve not allowing contaminated water to flow up into the tank . Pets do one thing almost every time after eating , they want a drink of water . The food that remains on their lips and hair washes away into the front reservoir this is to be expected . What is not to be expected is for the rear reservoir , the filter chamber and the tank to become contaminated . With minimal upkeep on the front reservoir this system should stay clean for weeks . With a little correction in the design it could . Remember - we filter our water then pump it away towards our pets .
 I decided to purchase a cat fountain because -LRB- i -RRB- I changed my cats water bowl twice a day and wanted something that would be a bit easier , -LRB- ii -RRB- my cat loves drinking water every day out of my hand from the bathroom sink and -LRB- iii -RRB- , quite frankly , I love spoiling her and thought this would be a loving gift to her . Originally , I conducted research on the Drinkwell and Petmate fountains and decided to purchase the Drinkwell , particularly after reading about the review 's on the Petmate 's filters being recently changed into a cheaper version.Before the initial assembly , I cleaned all of the parts . When I started this thing , it sounded like a a pool filtration system was in my kitchen ! I mean , this thing was LOUD ! So , I contacted Drinkwell
 This product `` made sense '' to me and I bought it . I gave it one star based on what my two cats `` told '' me . I put their regular bowl of water next to this product and to this day -LRB- 6 months later -RRB- they prefer the bowl . My bold cat will lick the stream occassionally and my shy one is still a little afraid of it . I also gave it one star because my water comes from a well and it is not treated with chlorine -LRB- like city water -RRB- therefore , there is a `` scum '' that builds up over a few days . Which brings me to my third complaint with this product . . it 's very difficult and time consuming to clean . . lots of tight corners and deep pockets . . I have to soak it in bleach to feel comfortable it 's clean . I will stop using it and stay with the good old fashioned bowl , which my cats like better anyway . SO . . if anybody is interested in a used Drinkwell . . I have one for sale .
 One of my cats would drive us crazy with wanting the water faucet on . So we decided to purchase this to give him his own fountain of water . He loved it , but because I did not change the filter every month -LRB- I would remember 6-8 weeks -RRB- , he was getting sick with vomiting . So if you plan to buy this , you MUST change the filter every month and CLEAN it thoroughly every WEEK !!! Because of the need for a clean filter every month and the need to clean it weekly it was too much work so I am only giving it 1 star . We have decided to go back to the regular water bowl and run the faucet for him when he bothers us for running water to play and drink in . When we took him to the vet for the vomiting , our vet said she does not like these fountains for pets .
 I 'm returning this item . It 's impossible to get apart to put the filter in or clean . I gashed my fingers and broke fingernails trying .
 We have 3 Persian cats , one that loved drinking water out of the sink . After reading numerous reviews we decided to purchase this pet fountain . The fountain works great , all 3 cats love it and have stopped trying to get in the sink . We clean it weekly and have run vinegar thru it because we live where there is hard water deposits . The fountain does make a buzzing noise which got slightly louder over time - we have had this item for a month , but the noise is similar to a fish pump , not enough to stop me from recommending this item to family and friends . I love it and have strongly encouraged my sister to get one for her cats.The item came in quickly , with no shipping problems either.The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is the noise and because we have to use ice to keep it cold , but the cats love it so much and the fact that it has broken the annoying habit of getting in my kitchen sink - I 'm even happier : -RRB- June 2012 update ****** I 'm revising my prior review , we have now had this 6 months and it quit working . We received this at the end of November 2011 , it 's now early June 2012 and it just quit working . As I mentioned in the prior review , we clean it regularly , so it is not due to lack of cleaning that it quit working . Our cats are also very disappointed as they keep looking for the fountain . I would no longer recommend this item .
 This is by far the best purchase I 've ever made for my cats . They LOVE the fact that the water actually falls out in a faucet-like stream from the top , and since they started drinking from it -LRB- about two days after I set it up -RRB- , they have been out of the shower , bathtubs , and sinks for good . We 've had this fountain for a little over two years , and have gotten really great use out of it . In fact , the cats refuse to drink out of anything else while this is in the dishwasher.The pros
 I have 2 indoor cats -LRB- rescues -RRB- that will only drink out of the faucet - they love the running water . I do leave a bowl down for when I am out during the day , but thought if I get a fountain , they will drink more and I am not wasting water by letting it run down the drain . In addition , it is a pain to be in and out of the bathroom turning on/off faucets the whole time I am home.I bought this in the hopes that they would like it . My cats are opposites when it comes to personality . My boy cat is beyond adventurous and nothing frightens him , while my girl cat is as timid as they come . Look up ` fraidy cat in the dictionary and her picture is beside it.I set up the fountain and let it run for a few minutes to get everything going . I noticed immediately that the motor is VERY loud . My thinking is , leave if off a few days , let them get used to seeing it and drinking out of the bowl and then turn it on.Well , the first time I turned it on and they were nearby , it was so loud that it caused the girl to run into the bedroom -LRB- where she stayed for 3 days -RRB- and even the boy would not come near it . I left it on for a few hours , the whole time driving me crazy as I could hear the motor over the TV set . I do n't mind the sound of the water - that to me is very realxing . But hte grinding , wheezing noise of the pump motor is just too loud . I had the washing machine and dryer going , with the TV on and still heard the motor loud and clear over all the other appliances . Every time one of them wanted to go past the bowl , they would make a very large detour and if they had to get less than 3 feet from it , they would all but slink by on their bellies.I do n't know if it is possible to change out the motor if I buy a new one to see if that is any quieter - but right now , I am stuck with a very expensive water bowl instead of a fountain . Very Frustrating !
 We have purchased other Drinkwell products and have been very satisfied with them . I think we got a lemon this time . We set up the fountain and it worked properly the first day but , at some point overnight , the vacuum holding the water in the reservoir released and we found the counter and floor covered in water . We checked all the parts and the assembly of same and tried again several times but were not successful in getting the water to remain in the reservoir for even a few minutes . The seller attempted to correct the problem but to no avail . Please do n't let this review sour your opinion of the entire Drinkwell line or even this product ! I hope to purchase another of the Platinum Fountains at a later date and find it perfected . In the meantime we purchased one of the other Drinkwell fountains that has worked for us in the past and it is working perfectly !
 Not sure what the problem is but this thing is spilling all over my floor . It worked good the first couple times and now I go to refill it and it just fills up and up and up and over the top . This stinks ! Too late to return the darn thing.In regards to the noise , I like the fountain noise in my house . It is relaxing to us .
 Sounds great does n't it ? Fresher water , and more of it , with fewer trips to the sink?I owned one of the older models , and recently stopped using it . The product is fine ... if you are committed to frequent cleaning . Otherwise , you will get gross things growing in your pet 's water.It was far too tempting to just `` top off '' the water instead of completely replacing the supply and scrubbing each piece seperately -LRB- including the 2-piece motor -RRB- . I would say this should be done at LEAST weekly . If you 're up for that -LRB- THINK about it before you say yes -RRB- , then this is a good purchase for you . Not dishwasher safe - buy a set of good bottle brushes , various sizes.It 's daunting to carry a sloshing bowl/tank to the sink , take it apart , scrub it out ... when you could just add some more fresh water instead . When I would finally clean it , there would sometimes be black or pink stuff in the hidden parts - ew ! That 's not healthy , and it 's not what the filter 's designed for.For my cat 's health , I am going back to a bowl , which I can dump out daily and put in the dishwasher . Much more sanitary.The Drinkwell -LRB- or any fountain -RRB- is only as good as its user , so think twice about your habits , before assuming that fountains promote health !
 If you want to be doused with slurpy , drooly , dog water backwash the Drinkwell Plantinum Pet Fountain gets 5 stars and it 's the product for you . As this was not what I wanted I am giving it 2 stars , `` I do n't like it . '' The second time of getting this thing washed sealed the fate for this product as far as I 'm concerned . I 've had this set up for a few weeks and find the process necessary to dismantle for cleaning awkward , clumsy , and messy . It is not as easy as the instructions describe . The problem is that in order to clean the fountain you have to empty the fountain . Unless this is on a counter top near a sink , lifting the fountain with water in it is difficult to do without spilling water all over . Duh . When you do this the first time , it 's deceptive how much water is in the base . I thought I learned my lesson from the 1st cleaning and when getting this ready to clean the 2nd time I used a cup to bail out as much water as I could so it would be easier to lift the base from the ground . Before I got to that point though , I picked up the middle section , which detaches , and as I poured out the water from what is the inner cavern that feeds the spout into the sink , water shot out all over me from underneath the piece from the hole that seats with the pump . I forgot to mention a caveat ; if you wear waders when cleaning this you 'll have no problem . Unfortunately , I was not wearing waders . It took me a moment to realize that filtered through charcoal or not , this was not clean water but doggie backwash water and I did not want to be wearing that ! I decided that was it ; I was done with this fountain.Aside from the splashwell aspects of the fountain , I was not pleased with some other things . I purchased the cleaning brush set and boy would you really need it . I thought it odd there were so many voids and spaces providing such wonderful habitats in any damp environment for mold , grime , bacteria , and other nasty things to grow and thrive . I imagine these voids keep the product 's weight down but hollow sections would be better than open narrow crevices.Part of cleaning the machine requires pulling parts off the pump . The instructions make it sound easy , that if it 's difficult , try using a thumbnail . Well guess what ? That did n't work . I needed a plumbers wrench to grip the thing solidly enough to pull the thing apart . I was very careful and it did n't break , but having delicate pieces -LRB- the part that controls the water flow -RRB- on something that requires such force to routinely pull apart is just asking for breakage.The fountain is large and unless you have a very spacious kitchen or room with water resistant floors , you are going to be challenged to find a good location for it . You know how pets are , they are used to where their dishes are . Switching that up is not necessarily that practical . I ended up clearing space under a small table in my kitchen and put the fountain there , across from the previous water dish location . Of course having a fountain nestled someplace makes access for cleaning and dismantling more difficult.That about covers the human interaction with the machine . Now for my dog 's experience . My dog truly enjoys drinking from an outdoor hose spigot . I really hoped my dog would relate to the fountain the same way . She did not . The fountain is very quiet . It 's actually a little too quiet to entice much canine interest . She eventfully did drink from it a little bit . She sometimes drunk from its bowl . The amount of plastic surrounding the water flow is much wider than the stream of water . This sets up a situation where the dog may bump their muzzle or face trying to get to the water stream . For older dogs , who could use reading glasses , this creates additional challenges finding the water . This is more of what I consider a design flaw than a function flaw . It think my dog would have used it more if the fountain produced greater water volume in the stream . For a dog big enough to drink from the stream , when they choose to drink from the bowl there 's a chance they will be splashed by the stream . My dog is 30lbs - not a BIG dog.I still need to find a solution that prevents my dog from drinking too fast because when she does she throws it up . I have n't seen anything on the market that looks workable . Either the dogs will figure out a work around of the braking device or bowls are made from plastics that can cause reactions in some dogs.So , to sum up
 My cat ignores it , and it 's quie noisy . Also , you need to change it often to guarantee fresh water . Better to have several water bowls and change daily .
 I bought the water fountain less than 3 months ago , and was very happy with it . Finally yesterday , after using it for less than 3 months the pump stopped . I had a similar fountain -LRB- different brand -RRB- for years , and never had a problem -LRB- besides loosing it when I moved -RRB- . This one is a big disappointment .
 The `` old '' Drinkwell pet fountain was a single unit -LRB- not a detachable container for the water -RRB- . I used a pitcher to fill it up as the water level decreased . It was relatively easy to clean , as it was one piece . We used that fountain for years ... as our cat aged , vision & hearing declined , and she did n't like the fountain type drinker as we think she could n't see all that well , and would get a face full , when searching for the water.With two younger cats now , -LRB- both boys suffering from crystaluria -RRB- , we needed to increase their water intake.I searched for a new fountain , and this is what I thought was top of the line.The cats seem to like drinking out of it . The dog is a bit unsure , even after a few months.The unbearable part about this is detachable unit is that when the pump is running , it makes an annoying HUM ... that never ends . The lower the level of the water , the louder the HUM is . Even when completely full , that HUM is still there ... a different tone , but it just goes on and on.The detachable unit needs a brush to clean the inside , which adds to the cleaning time -- which I feel is a negative , as well.After 3-4 months , I am sick of hearing it & just unplugged the thing about a week ago . I 'm debating whether to try & return it -LRB- which I probably will at $ 50 + dollars -RRB- , or just toss it in the trash ...
 My cats like to drink from the faucet in the bath tub . I thought they would like the Drinkwell Platinum Fountain . We tried it for over a week and they avoided it . If I turned the pump off , they would drink so they knew it was water . I think they did not like the noise of the pump and/or the water flow in the fountain was too fast . When they drink from a faucet , it has to be a fast drip . There is a flow adjustment on the Drinkwell , but at the slowest , it is still faster than my cats will drink from a faucet . I returned the fountain .
 The pump started out being fairly quiet with very little vibration . After only a week of usage , the pump noise become unbearably loud and the whole unit shook from how much the pump was vibrating . My cat refused to drink from such a noisy fountain and would only drink when the fountain is unplugged . I tried taking the whole unit apart , including disassembling the pump , and cleaning the parts , but nothing worked . Also the way the water stream hit the bottom of the unit would always cause some splashing . The flying specks of water further discouraged my cat from drinking from it.Now the fountain is sitting in a cardboard box , catching dust in a corner of my room .
 I bought this product so my cat would have cleaner/fresher water to drink instead of the standard bowl of water . I work long hours and not intentional I 'd forget to change her water bowl everyday . Her water bowl after about 2 days would be dirty with food and slimey . The machine is bulky and noisy . I 've never seen her use it , the equipment still gets slimey , however there is n't any food in it , so I do n't think she is using it . Unless I 'm doing something wrong , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I really liked this product until I got crack in the water reservoir and could n't get a replacement . They will sell you a new pump , lid , base but you ca n't get the reservoir . I would n't call something that can become totally useless if the reservoir no longer works Platinum . I will never buy another Drinkwell product again .
 It is also hard to fill it with water , without spilling.I will try to change location , see if it helps.So far , no luck !
 This died on me , after owning it a little over a year . Bummer . Not worth the price . Will go back to old fashioned bowls of water now .
 Okay , I am a crazy dog mom . I want the best for these two guys and so I read the reviews and thought this was going to give them good , healthy water . Well , first , they were scared to death of it , they got over that and started to use it . The worst and second point is , it gets junked up with slime , dirt and God knows what !!! I clean it every couple of days and take it totally apart to do this and still it 's gross !!! I am so unhappy I spent this money on such a horrible item !!!!! Skip it .
 My cats are afraid of it . They both love drinking out of the running sink but they wo n't go near this fountain . It 's so loud , I have to keep the laundry door closed at all times -LRB- it has a kitty door -RRB- to be able to watch TV 2 rooms away . It 's ridiculous ! Whomever engineered this obviously does n't have cats nor do they care about quality . It is very inexpensive and easy to build a simple and quiet water pump these days so there is no excuse for this . It 's going back ! So unfortunate .
 It is a nice idea , but one word - leaking ... Glad I also chose to buy the Drinkwell Platinum Fountain Mat ... or there would have been water all over the floor . Both items are going back .
 I purchased this on recommendation from my vet after my one cat suffered -LRB- and survived -RRB- an obstructed bladder , hoping to encourage him to drink more water . Unfortunately , both of my cats are terrified of this fountain , and now drink less water .
 I really have n't seen my cat drinking at the fountain very often . I thought he would like the running water concept like he does the tub and sink water . I find the drinkwell very awkard to clean and then after I clean it and fill all the compartments it does n't start runing it sounds like it is running dry even though it 's not .
 CONS
 I have two cats , who both like to drink from the spout in the bathtub . Hoping to break them of this habit , i thought this product would be a great solution . Unfortunately they are scared to death of it . They wo n't go near it . Wonder if I can return it ?
 We have 5 cats and wanted to change over from the original pet fountain to this one since it claims to be quieter and better , but it is huge and makes the same amount of noise ! If you care about your cats like we do then you will be unhappy to hear that there are a lot more parts to take off and clean and even though we bought the Drinkwell cleaning kit - it wo n't even reach all of the corners in the back tub ! You literally can not clean the lower corners unless you make your own cleaning tool or improperly bend one of them.Drinkwell is the only filtration system recommended by vets , so I would still buy their systems over others , but even with 5 cats this is way too big , too hard to clean and disappointing.We are sticking with our old model -LRB- even though it has begun to leak -RRB- and we are just going to replace the ring or motor if needed .
 Update
 I am leaving my original review just so you know I am not knocking the product entirely . I was happy at first , things have changed.Original review : When I first looked at this , I thought it was an expensive toy for people who have too much money ! I was wrong , it ended up being a great purchase . We have two cats that just would n't drink out of their water dish . We tried all kinds of things to get them to drink water -LRB- I read about the health problems cats get if they do n't drink enough -RRB- with no luck . I finally broke down and bought this . They love it ! The water tank on the back holds a nice reserve of water , it is filtered constantly , and the running water captures their attention.I really ca n't say anything bad about this unit . If I were to make a suggestion on how it could be improved , I would say to add a spare filter in the box ... but I am not complaining ! Well worth the price.UpdateAfter owning the fountain for a year , it started developing a bad habit of draining all the water in the tank which , unfortunately , overflows the basin . The first time it happened , I blamed myself thinking I had n't put the cap on properly , had n't placed it properly , whatever . But after it happened several more times , each time with less time between failure , I figured the unit was the problem.In my mind there is a very serious design flaw with this unit . The tank does n't have a gasket and a spring on the water release . This tends to make a mess when refilling and it can lead to problems as I described above . The sad thing is Drinkwell could fix this problem for another $ .25 per unit if that much!The unit I purchased is the landfill now and I will not be purchasing a replacement until I find a better design.I still think the concept is great , and if properly built , would be well worth having . Maybe the next generation of the Drinkwell will be better ...
 Before I got this our two cats would only drink from pots or pans waiting to be washed . We tried to get them to drink from cat bowls but the only bowl that they would accept was the eau de toilette from the toilet bowl . We tried to get them to drink distilled water but they seemed to love the flavor of fresh chlorine . -LRB- You know , Chlorine
 Our cat and basset hound both love the fountain . The wife and I do n't however as it gets dirty quickly and is a pain to clean . The filter and filtering gate do a poor job of collecting the countless crumbs from dinner that the basset hound leaves when she gets her after dinner drink . I realize this could just be a factor of our particular dog , so take my criticism with that in mind . In a matter of days the main spill reservoir 's bottom is covered in food fragments . To clean the unit , you have to pick it up and hope to not spill too much water on your way to the sink as you tear the whole contraption apart to clean out all the little crevices that collect grime . Then when you mop the mess you made , you get to refill it , and try to get the wimpy pump primed so it will flow . Every week when I clean it , I get more upset at it .
 I bought the Pet Fountain to replace a well used previous Drinkwell fountain . The previous one was more than 8 years old , and eventually the plastic started to break down from sun exposure thru the window -LRB- even though it was still working ! -RRB- Based on performance of my previous fountain , I expect this one to last many years . I also found the Bio-Bag Medium filter cartridges -LRB- look in the aquarium section of your pet store -RRB- fit the fountain and are cheaper than the original filters.UPDATE
 Ordered in November , R.I.P. April 25th . Worked great until it went belly up . Cats loved it ... not worth the price if only lasts 5-6 months
 My cat and I liked the fountain a lot . But then after just a year the motor stopped working well . The water just dribbles and the lever that should make it flow more and less no longer works . Now after I have had it less than a year and a half the dribbling water is splashing out and off the mat onto the wooden floor . I have tried all sorts of cures - new filter , taking it apart , etc. . Nothing is working and I have little choice but to get rid of it . My cat is going to be so sorry to not have it , but the Drinkwell is too expensive to replace every year .
 Our last fountain -LRB- not the platinum one -RRB- lasted 4 years , and then we replaced it because those years of hard water had led to buildup that I could no longer get off . It otherwise still worked.This arrived in early March . A week ago it started making a terrible noise . Thinking it just needed to be cleaned , I unplugged it . A couple days later I cleaned it , plugged it back in , and absolutely nothing . It flat out will not turn back on . It apparently lasted just long enough that I ca n't dispute the charge with my credit card . We 'll be looking at different types of fountains .
 I 'm with an animal rescue group so we have a lot of cats . Needless to say we loved the original Drinkwell because it attracts the cats over to drink more water . The new design of the Platinum Drinkwell is even better as far as attracting the cats ... however , there are a couple of design flaws which are making these more work for us . The reservoir can not stand up independently like the old one . You have to hold it or lean it against something sturdy in order to refill it as it is curved shape . Additionally , when we flip it back over no matter how careful we are water leaks out . The opening to the reservoir and shape of it also do not allow for easy cleaning . The only new feature we like a lot is the little `` gate '' in front of the motor area which helps us keep cat hair and fuzzies out . A plus to any Drinkwell would be if the top of the unit actually snapped into place and could not be removed by the animals . We find the cats think the top of this is a new toy and they bat it all over the house - we have had to remove it entirely - which unfortunately only leads to more hair / fuzzies being able to get into the unit . As a rescue we refill the Drinkwells 2 or 3 times a day and while we like the Platinum one because it holds more water the fact that we ca n't stand the reservoir up by itself is a deterrent . We wo n't be purchasing more of them and will probably go back to using the original version .
 My cats will only drink fresh water , and this device has a large reserve.but The water drip sounds are as bad as a leaky faucet ! Even on the lowest settings.I would not buy this one again , if I had a choice or asked .
 I bought this for my five small dogs , so I would not have to keep filling water bowls all the time.The problem is it gets dirty right away , & if you keep it filled , you have to dump a gallon or more of water to clean it . Also , when you go to refill the bowl , wayer goes all over the place , & while it was running , my unit would spash water on the floor . I finaly just unpluged it & used it as a regular water bowl until I got a real stainless larger one . I think I can find a lot of better uses for the $ 60 I spent for this thing .
 after about a year of use , this thing falls apart !!! On top of that , it 's a pain in the neck to clean . it does n't come apart so that you can clean the area where the motor is - which just happens to be where the most debris collects ! We bought this just about a year ago now and the thing just started to die . The water does n't flow out like it should . I called customer service and they suggested ordering another replacement and sending this one in for repair - at my expense no less . Save your money - there are other fountains out there that work just as well if not better than this crappy thing !
 I purchased this for my yellow lab who prefers drinking running water -LRB- from water fountains , hoses , etc -RRB- to still water . For whatever reason , he did n't seem too interested in drinking out of it . In a side-by-side test , he preferred drinking out of his regular water bowl . No way for me to test it , but it could have been the noise of the unit . At the higher flow settings , the fountain is quite noisy , and even at lower settings , it 's certainly audible.Eventually after about 2 months , the fountain just stopped working . Because it was n't doing me much good anyway , I decided not to bother fixing the item . Could be this works well for cats -LRB- and some dogs -RRB- , but I 'd be cautious of the noise and durability issues .
 My first fountain was the Drinkwell Big Dog Fountain . It worked great although a little difficult to clean . When the motor finally died , I was eager to get the Platinum . Now I 'm eager to sell it or give it away and go back to the Big Dog fountain . I read all the reviews , pros and cons and finally decided the pros outweighed the cons . Ironically , I 'm not having any of the problems mentioned . It does n't leak from the reservoir , it 's not loud and it has sufficient capacity . The problem is the size of the bowl . It has shrunk down to such a small size that my dogs -LRB- I have 5 ranging from 35lbs to 80lbs -RRB- must drink from the very edge of the bowl to the side , causing quite a mess . There was so much water on the floor , I honestly thought it was leaking profusely . I put it on the counter overnight to confirm and the counter was dry as a bone in the morning . I know my dogs are n't pristine creatures , but we now leave a thick bath towel underneath the fountain that must be changed daily because it is saturated . I never had this problem with either the Big Dog fountain or even a standard water bowl . This reduces the usable capacity for me and I must refill it daily ... something I never had to do before.My cats , however , are fine with it . But they were fine with the first one , too . I would gladly go through the hassle of cleaning the original than have to put up with this daily mess.As far as the reservoir being dishwasher safe , that was a good idea except with the small opening , it does n't get very clean ... therefore pointless.I do like the multi-chamber filters , but again , not a big selling point compared to the mess we endure.So , I guess it depends on what you plan on using it for . The large capacity for smaller animals is a little over the top unless you have LOTS of them and/or are away from home a lot . I 'm thinking of moving the platinum to the bathroom for my 3 kitties and buying the older model for the mutts .
 I should have made my own fountain-you can with a small aquarium submergable filter and a glass or plastic container so that the small aquarium filter fits on the side . In fact , I have made such a device and my cats love it just the same -LRB- I thought of that only AFTER I bought Drinkwell -RRB- . I give it low ratings due to the false advertising
 I have three cats who absolutely refuse to drink from anything but a fountain or the tub faucet . I 've always used a Petmate fountain before , but liked the water stream on this one because it looks like the water stream from the tub faucet . So I bought one . I read the reviews that said it was loud , but thought it would be like my fish tank filter where , once you got used to it , it was fine . However , this was not the case - it was VERY loud in a grinding sort of annoying way - and , yes , I did have enough water in it . I threw it out and bought another Petmate - do n't waste your money .
 It works well with respect to pumping the water . HOWEVER , the cheap vibrating pump it uses makes a loud , very annoying -LRB- at least to me -RRB- continuous hum . If you put it in a garage or laundry room -- somewhere where you do n't have to listen to it -- it works fine , but do n't buy one if you plan to put it in a room that you spend any time in .
 I would not buy from this company again . Not just because the product completely stopped working after 4 months , but when I tried to find contact information on their website , there was none ! How convenient for them - make themselves totally unavailable . If someone at the company reads this , it would be nice to have email and/or phone numbers available . I would be willing to send this back in exchange for a replacement , but have no way to do it . I guess I 'll just take my chances with sending it back to Amazon and see what compensation they might give me.Not good business practice !!
 I cleaned this fountain regularly in an effort to get my cat to use it . He 'll only drink out of the faucet , glass or ceramic . I could n't figure out why he just would n't use this thing after a few days and finally I just emptied it out and left it to sit empty . Soon mold appeared right above where the water line would have been . I wonder if it had n't been there in small amounts despite cleanings and the cat could detect it . For that reason , and the fact that my cat was not into it so it was a huge waste of $ $ , I ca n't recommend this fountain . Come on people , stop making everything out of cheap plastic !
 I did use this fountain for a couple of years , so I 'm not complaining about its construction or design . My cats love drinking from a fountain . Mine liked it when I left the top piece off of this fountain . My complaint is that this one is made of plastic and gets slimey feeling after only a few days . Also , some cats -LRB- mine -RRB- suffer from chin acne and eating/drinking from plastic can aggrevate this condition . It does go thru the dishwasher , so if you do n't mind cleaning it every few days , it is a good fountain and has a bigger resevoir than most . I ended up replacing it with a ceramic fountain that stays cleaner much longer and no more chin acne .
 The cats love this fountain ! It is very quiet and holds lots of water so works very well for our kitties . It is relatively easy to clean . Only a few things could be better . I 'd like a deeper well so the cats do n't splash or a built in splash guard . We do n't have this problem with our older , smaller Drinkwell . It would also be nice if the water stream was smaller and slower as the kitties prefer that.After about 6 weeks of use , we are finding that this product is HORRIBLE ! Several times a day I have to mop up enormous spills . I bought the accessory mat that is supposed to keep this from happening and it even seems worse now . What a waste of money ! Going to be evaluating several alternatives to find a replacement . DO NOT BUY THIS!Please note that the first paragraph here was written shortly after we installed it . What a difference time makes ! If Drinkwell ever wants to see me and my 5 cats as customers again , they will recall this product and make full refunds or replace with a product that has been well designed and subjected to exhaustive testing .
 My vet indicated my 15 year old female tabby was slightly dehydrated on her last visit and recommended this fountain ... suggesting it would attract my pets to drink more.After I had it cleaned , filled and running for the first time my my male cat cut a wide path around it because of the motor hum/noise . Soon enough though my female went over to investigate and began drinking which made me extremely happy.But as she took a good long drink there was a `` glug glug glug '' sound from the reservoir as it re-filled the bowl -LRB- like you 'd hear from an office cooler -RRB- ... and frightened by the sound ... she ran off.From then on both of them avoided it.I know cats can be fickle so I decided to keep it going hoping they 'd get used to it . -LRB- And periodically as the water evaporated I 'd hear a `` glug glug glug '' -RRB- -------- Then the real fun begins.The booklet says to clean the fountain once a week and there 's dis-assembly , cleaning and reassembly of 11 separate parts.As others have written here in the reviews ... some parts are difficult to clean . I bought bendable baby bottle brushes to get into those areas ... and even then it 's a challenge.IMO It sure could have been designed better . --------------- In time perhaps my cats will get used to it and begin using it ... and I 'll probably get faster at cleaning it.If so I 'll come back and update my review . ----------------------------------------------------- Update 12/19/2012After a number of weeks of cleaning this unit ... and never once seeing either of my cats drink from it ... I decided I was wasting my time keeping it up and running.So for my cats this fountain was a waste of time and money.Perhaps if your cats are less skittish ... or if you have dogs ... this might work ... but otherwise mine is going to a neighbor or on ebay or ...
 I should have read the reviews before buying this . I had the original Drinkwell and loved it . I gave it away and bought the Platinum . I actually wanted the original , but the store no longer carried it so I thought what could be wrong with Platinum . The water pressure never equalizes as it says and then the bowl overflows . I went to a different store and found the original so I bought it and the overflowing platinum is on it 's way back to the store ! Remember bigger is NOT better !
 I bought this Drinkwell fountain to replace a different model that was pretty old and worn . Like the other fountain , our cats like to drink water from it and seem to do so readily . This model differs from our old model in that it has a removable water reservoir that helps replenish water in the fountain . Between the reservoir and the dish itself they hold a large amount of water . The idea of having fresh , filtered water is a good one , and I do think our cats drink better water that way.This model has a very poor design , though . If the outside prefilter gets even the least bit clogged with hair , which all these fountains do if you have cats with hair , the reservoir will continue to dump water into the dish no matter what the water level is . Glug , glug , glug ... glug , glug , glug ... glug , glug , glug ... until the reservoir is almost completely empty . This causes the dish to overflow with water all over the floor . At first I thought the cats were splashing water out of the dish until I witnessed firsthand exactly what goes on . In fairness , the manual advises you to clean the dish and filters every week , and I suspect this overflow problem is exactly why they recommend this . But just the same , I keep our fountain in a large plastic storage container so water can not get all over the floor.The Drinkwell concept is a good one , and I like their fountains overall . With this one you must be diligent to clean it often , and you would be wise to put it in some form of container to prevent from flooding your floor .
 I have just thrown away my 3rd drinkwell fountain . Although my cats love the fresh H2O and the running stream ... the motors burn out . I have had 2 motors fail in the past 8 months ! Of course the item SHOULD be covered under the 1 yr warranty ... EXCEPT if you have hard water ... tough luck for you - not covered . Believe me I cleaned these fountains every 3 weeks and changed the filters also ... BUT ... . the motors still failed . So if you have hard water-watch out.I 'm going to try another brand and will review that in the future .
 Buying this product was a big mistake . It worked pretty well for awhile , and our cat likes it . However , it was quite noisy unless it was filled to the brim -LRB- that 's the function of the clear plastic reservoir on the back -RRB- . It has reached the point where the water cascades over the brim like Niagara Falls -LRB- then it 's quiet -RRB- or else it is not leaking but makes so much noise my wife ca n't sleep with it plugged in . We are replacing it with the Drinkwell original , not as pretty but more reliable . Both fountains will get noisy unless they have enough water to make them happy . Why Drinkwell ca n't fix this is a mystery to me .
 It worked well for a while . It is difficult to clean without special brushes . After a few months something stopped working so that the reservoir will suddenly dump all of its water into the system and the whole thing overflows . It happens at random times and I ca n't figure out what the problem is . I am cleaning the pre-filter DAILY and it still overflows . It seems to work fine , and then one day your floor is covered with water . This was a very expensive fountain and should have performed much much better than it did .
 This fountain does not maintain a water level , but spills over instead . Got it about 2 months ago and could n't understand why my rug was always wet . The foutain , when the tank is refilled , and replaced , will drain until it gets to the right level . Then , a little later , it will drain again and overflow . Yes , I followed all the instructions and the pump is in place and attached properly . Have to put it on a rubber mat with deep ridges . .
 Pros : All cats love it ! -LRB- 5 personal cats & about 12 cats who have been fostered here during the ~ 10 months we 've had it . -RRB- Cons : Cumebersome & difficult to clean . Requires frequent cleaning . No way to mechanically clean -LRB- wipe/scrub -RRB- most of tank.About 1 month after I got it , negative feedback mechanism that prevents all water from running out of tank immediately after filling stopped working . When tank filled , water runs out into bowl & keeps running out until tank empty resulting in water overflowing bowl & onto floor . Thus extra large tank to hold extra water for more cats useless.LOUD . VERY LOUD.I CAN NOT recommend this product.I can only hope it dies quickly as others have so that I can get a different one without feeling guilty .
 After hearing about so many cats finding this water fountain irresistable , I bought one in February . My cats like running water from a faucet as much as the next cat , but neither one of them ever seemed to take a drink from this new fountain . I ran it for about 6 weeks , but the reservoir water level did n't go down and I never saw them drinking from it . I finally disconnected it for good and am getting rid of it . It 's just a little too large and a little too noisy to keep around for another try .
 We have three cats , and this thing gets slimy in less than a week.And forget about putting that cat grass in it . The roots take over the bottom and the slime gets worse.Not a good product if you are not home most days and nobody else wants to take it apart and clean it .
 This is a great idea for cats . Mine loved this . It worked for exactly four months then the pump died . Not worth the price for only four months of use .
 The Drinkwell Fountain in operation is quiet in operation and our cats did drink from it . But over the long haul the design made cleaning impossible . The shape corners and unaccessable areas make this fountain not user friendly . It is also not dishwasher friendy for the washer hot settings can ruin the plastic and it also does not get it totally clean . We went with the stainless steel Pioneer Pet Fountain and with it round design with no sharp corners cleaning is piece of cake and it has no dishwasher restrictions .
 The unit appears white in the photo posted . It 's actually speckled gray - not very attractive . This was not in any of the descriptions or clear from the photo so I wasted ~ $ 40 in shipping both ways due to the lack of information on that . I 'm sharing this so that others can avoid that problem .
 Noisy piece of junk . Have to put it in the room with their litter box so as not to hear the constant whining of the motor . Save your money . Get a dog .
 Each morning , my cats wake me up by meowing by the bathroom sink , begging me to turn on the water . Sleep deprived and fed up , I turned to the Drinkwell to solve my problems.Setting up the fountain was easy as 3.14 , but that 's really the only positive thing I can say about it . From my experience , the fountain works well until the water runs low -LRB- which takes about two days -RRB- . When the Drinkwell runs low on water , it starts to spray the remaining water all over the floor -LRB- seriously , tons of it -RRB- . Unfortunately , this was a dealbreaker and the Drinkwell is now enjoying a nice stay in a Seattle landfill .
 I love this pet fountain and so does my cat and my dogs but , you can not find a replacement pump.Someone said the , `` Sunterra 104506 '' is a compatible replacementpump , NO IT 'S NOT.Buy a pet fountain where you will not have difficulty buyinga replacement pump .
 This product is JUNK !!! I purchased it , from Amazon , in August of 2008 , and by February of 2009 the pump had quit working . I contacted Amazon about replacement parts , who in turn told me to contact the company that actually ships the product , Smarthome . After wasting months with Smarthome trying to get replacement parts , I shipped the entire unit back to Smarthome for a replacement . We received the replacement in June of 2009 and once put into service , it proceeded to dump all the water in the reservoir on to the floor . I contacted Smarthome and was told that they were sorry for the problem , but there was nothing they could do and that I should contact the manufacturer . Classic runaround !! To this day it just sits , in a box , unused ! Just be forewarned , this is an expensive waste of good money !!
 I have had this `` Drinkwell '' for about 4 months now , and my 4 dogs and 1 cat are n't any more attracted to this as they are a regular bowl of water . I do believe the people who say it helped their dog or cat drink more , but for me , it was a waste of money . And it 's much harder to clean than a regular bowl -LSB- ASIN : B002ZNKKF0 Drinkwell Platinum Fountain Mat , MAT-D2 -RSB- -RSB- .
 This fountain has been just okay . I 've had it for 3 years and have never had any problems with the functionality.I have one cat who drinks regularly from the waterfall and the basin . He seems to be very happy with it . It alsomakes a relaxing trickling waterfall sound that I think is very peaceful.Here 's what I do n't like and feel might harm my kitty
 I bought this fountain in April . After 2 weeks the motor quit pumping . I cleaned it and then cleaned it again and it worked for a while . Had to clean it severeral times and each time it would n't work . Now it wo n't work at all . Went to find a replacement pump and I ca n't find one . I am very disappointed . Thought that since I paid for the platinum pet fountain that it would be better quality . Now I do n't know what to do . Invest in another fountain . GRRRRRR ! This is very frustrating .
 My son asked for a Drinkwell Fountain for Christmas -LRB- for his cat -RRB- after his vet recommended it . I decided to buy an extra one for my two-pet household -LRB- dog and cat -RRB- . My son loves his and says it works great since he goes away often on weekends . I quit using mine after about six months and have decided to package it up to donate to a thrift shop . I had two issues
 This item broke almost immediately . It leaked water and the pump was loud and distracting . It 's unfortunate , since the idea of fresh water for our pets was a very attractive idea , but I went back to the good ol' water bowl after this waste of money .
 I 've had the Drinkwell Fountain for my cat , Jilly , about a month now & she still refuses to drink from it . Since she liked to drink from a running stream from a bathroom faucet , I thought she would love it . She ran her paw under the stream a couple of times & that gave me hope . It hummed from the beginning but seemed to start humming louder within a day or two . She became afraid of it after that . It is still plugged in , except for cleaning , just in case she wants to drimk from it . But I believe she will out wait me !
 We were more excited than our cat about this well rated fountain unfortunately . For whatever reason , she absolutely hates this thing and we 've never seen her drink from it . We 've had electric fountains for her for many years , and could n't find an exact replacement , so we bought this , hoping she would like it as it has what we thought she would like
 There have been prior comments that this fountain is noisy . It is . The manufacturer talks about the motor and says it is loud only when it is not well-maintained . So , I bought it . However , the bothering noise is NOT the motor . It is the sound of falling water , which is inherent in the unit 's design . Only buy this product if you love the sound of your kitchen faucet running . When this fountain is plugged in , the noise of water running is very , very VERY annoying . I used to have a PetMate where the water ran down a ramp . That design was much better . The free-flowing water stream in this unit makes everyone wonder who left the faucet running .
 Nice product - No warrantyThe cats really like the fountain . However , the pump ceased to work after 3 months . I emailed the company and got zero response . So keep this mind - buy this and you may get stuck with a non-functioning product and no response from the company ... : - -LRB-
 When I first set up the fountain , the noise the pump was emitting was unacceptable . I followed all the instructions and did some research on the web . I concluded that the noise was considerably higher than what was normal.I contacted the manufacturer who was very helpful . They walked me through some steps in which I had to disassemble the pump and reseat a particular piece inside . Once back together and back in service , there was no change in the noise level . They then agreed to send me a new motor , and I did n't even have to go through the trouble of returning the defective motor.Once I got the new motor installed , the noise level was reduced to an acceptable level . I have a dog and cat and I feel that they are drinking more water because of the fountain . The problem is despite the fact that the reservoir is 168 oz. , you still have to remove it from the fountain and top it off every single day because if the reservoir level is n't completely to the top , the unbearable noise of the pump returns.The fountain itself is cheap and not well made . I hesitate to suggest that it would be a bargain at even half the price . I assume it costs so much because of the need for extra customer service . Perhaps they should consider making a quality product instead.So if you like high maintenance , over-priced hunks of plastic then you should buy this fountain .
 i was very happy with the purchase at first -LRB- I bought it in may 2010 -RRB- . my cats started to drink more and my male kitty even stopped having problems with frequent urination containing blood . however , couple months ago i started to have problems with powering it up after cleaning -LRB- was cleaning it weekly , taking motor out every time , because it was getting nasty despite using the filter -RRB- . finally , it stopped powering at all . i ordered motor replacement for $ 18 . power cord was included . it worked for couple weeks and then same thing : problems with powering up and then stopped working . Now it is just sitting in the kitchen and serves as a regular water bowl . was i cleaning to much ? but it was so dirty ! will look probably for another brand . My kitties missed a lot the running water .
 * Update * 8/23/12I 've used this Drinkwell since writing this review with no problems until recently . One of my cats developed Feline Acne located on his chin and after doing research it seems there 's a link with feline acne and the use of plastic water fountains . I 've since replaced my plastic Drinkwell Platinum with Pioneer Pet Raindrop Fountain to alleviate the problem . Since getting rid of the plastic fountain I 've already seen a decrease in the acne on his chin . While I liked the Drinkwell Platinum I do n't feel that this is a `` solid purchase '' anymore due to the health problems associated with plastic fountains . Now I 'd recommend purchasing a stainless steel version over plastic.-Here is my Original Review in January of 2010-I purchased this product at my local big box Pet Store during an after-Christmas sale . I was replacing my old Fresh Flow Deluxe Pet Fountain , not because it stopped working but because I lost the power supply and wanted to upgrade my cats anyway.Coming from the Fresh Flow , this Platinum model is amazing . First of all , it 's huge - at least compared to my old fountain . I have 2 cats and only need to fill it once every week or even week and a half . The flow and strength of the water does not change or become weak in between cleanings , a frequent problem of the Fresh Flow Fountain . With this model it comes with a little gate between the lever to adjust flow strength and the motor , very smart since it helps in keeping cat hair out of the motor.Also , the sound of the fountain running and water flowing is not a problem . I keep the fountain in my bedroom which is low-traffic in order to keep hair and fuzz out of the fountain , the sound does n't bother me and I 'm a light to moderate sleeper.There really are n't a lot of negatives to this fountain . The only thing I can point out is that it does not fit together as securely as the Fresh Flow did . With that fountain I had to put a lot of effort into removing the pieces in order to clean . This model , the pieces come apart very easily , almost too easily . The top of the fountain also does not click on and is flimsy but I have not had a problem with it falling off or the cats knocking it off . The reservoir is huge and holds plenty of water - I read one review stating that it does n't stand up on its own - this is true but it does n't take long to fill so this is not a problem in my mind . And yes , when you put the reservoir upright some water does escape . Again , this is not a big deal to me , I had the same thing happen with the smaller fountain I replaced so really both those points are non-issues for me.I would recommend this to anyone interested in purchasing a Fountain . This is a solid investment in clean water for your animals and in their health .
 It could be a great water fountain but it is a piece of junk . The motor is very loud and distracting . It is in the kitchen and the noise it makes interfears with listening to the TV in the living room . In addition , the transformer , that plugs in the electrical outlet , gets way to hot .
 At first this fountain worked great and then the flow started to slow down after about a week . We were always making sure the reservoir was full , and if it looked like it needed cleaned we disassembled it an thoroughly cleaned it -LRB- with water as per directions -RRB- . Quickly over time the flow started to slow down more , and after my last thorough cleaning the motor died in one day.I would like to return this item , but they are only going to refund a partial refund , and I would have to pay to ship the item out of pocket .
 A fair warning to all who think they want to upgrade from the old version to the new Platinum version . The motor is the worst part of this product . I bought the new model having used the old version for a very long time - never had to replace a motor on the old model . The old model was used for 3 cats , 2 of whom lived to the ages of 19 and 16 . I thought I would treat my remaining cat and myself to the upgrade . I had it for two hours - it seemed to run beautifully and my cat went to this fountain more than the previous one . He loved it . It stopped working after 2 hours . I contacted the company via email and they keep insisting that I should clean the motor before they will ship a new motor . They say it is because during manufacturing and packaging particles may be lodged when combined with water creates a clog . I say that is a DESIGN/MANUFACTURING and PACKAGING defect . I should not have to pull apart a brand new motor . These should be inspected at manufacturing and packaged to prevent this problem if they are aware that it exists . NOT WORTH THE AGGRAVATION . I have gone back to using the old one which is still running fine after all these years .
 If you chose to join me in signing up to add this chore of cleaning your beloved pet 's fountain to your routine twice a week - every week for the rest of your life - I hope your cats LOVE it . To tell you the real truth what Ceba seems to enjoy the most - is the attention she is getting while Mom -LRB- me -RRB- is taking her fountain apart and cleaning it . If you have a cat that is fascinated when you clean their litter box and then immediately HAS to use their new clean litter box and chatter away / talk to you while they are using it ? Well this is JUST like that!I may be way out of line here - but I honestly think that the pet owners that claim this is a GREAT product are not worried about their pets having clean drinking water . -LRB- I do n't mean to insult anyone - obviously every pet owner that purchases this item really cares for their pets and wants the best for them . -RRB- What I mean to say is - without realizing the fountain is not keeping the water sparkling clean - they set it and forget it -LRB- NOT their fault because the brochure that comes in the box with the fountain tells them so -RRB- . They clean it when they realize it is VISIBLY absolutely filthy . With filthy being - their breaking point in nastiness because after all - it 's not like they have to drink out of the thing ! It 's a `` cool '' fountain they bought because they `` love '' their pets and want the `` Best '' for them and the pamphlet `` told them to '' . Show me a customer who cleans this pet fountain religiously twice a week and still loves it ? I 'll stand corrected.My background is in biogeochemistry and the charcoal / foam filter is basically a really flimsy fish tank filter insert . WAY overpriced filters that honestly do n't do much . You 'll be paying for a specialty-made-to-fit filter , well for as long as you keep using the fountain . All it would take to max out the filter would be for your cat to drop one piece of dried cat food into the water bowl and then dissolve before you notice it . if your cat is like mine that pretty much happens - several times a day!We purchased this because our cat Ceba loves running water - she turns the faucets on in our home . Now - I dismantle the fountain and scrub it with antibacterial soap twice a week . It 's not a quick task . I then run the pieces through the dishwasher - and it takes up a lot of room I would have otherwise used for people dishes . I have a calendar on the fridge so I can check off when I 've ran it through the dishwasher so that I am guilt free that I might have forgotten.So - I 'm trying to warn you before you purchase it as your obviously considering doing if you have read this far - For maybe the rest of my life - I 'll be guilted into dismantling this contraption , running it through the dishwasher , putting x 's on calendars , buying flimsy charcoal filters for it - and honestly - Ceba still prefers to drink out of the sink.Wishing you and your pets a long and happy life together . Thanks for reading . Hope it helps you.Britt
 I tried to return mine to Amazon but the return window is only one month ; it broke at nearly exactly two months . So I ca n't return it . The problem with this unit is its poor design for cleaning . Since the biggest reason I bought it was for my cats ' health , this creates dirty water fast . And for some strange reason , the power cord separates at about mid-point , which means you ca n't run this behind any large appliance to get to that last available outlet.This is a good idea , but it is most definitely not ready for general use . My wife and I are terribly disappointed .
 I 've had this fountain for about four months now and thought it was going to be great based on the rave reviews . I initially would have left a 5 star review as well until disaster struck.My cat immediately took a liking to the fountain and began drinking from it from day one . No spills , no problems . . he simply enjoyed it . I generally changed the fountain one to two times a week and that seemed to do well . One day I went to change it and noticed a lot of algae and tons of WORMS in the reservoir clinging to the filter ! It was utterly disgusting and made me want to just throw it all out right then and there . My cat is an indoor cat -LRB- he 's afraid of the outside ! -RRB- and worm-free and after looking up several reviews on the filter for this product , I found many other people having the same issue . Here is an example -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/review/R3MH9UQAU4N1GQ/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm -RRB- . I know it 's not this brand of filter , but it gives you an idea of what I was experiencing . There is some connection . I do n't know where they came from , but some people are saying that the some of the filters may have eggs in it of some sort . I know it sounds like an uncommon problem , but that was enough for me!That night I completely threw away that filter and it took me forever to get rid of the worms that were stuck deep into the crevices that are hard to reach . I even poured rubbing alcohol in there and they were STILL MOVING yuck!I ran it without the filter for the next week . This time around some sort of black mold formed everywhere in this thing . Then , I decided okay , fine one last chance . I began to change it every other day and it 's just a pain . No , I did not place it in my dish washer because frankly , I do n't believe that will do . Tonight I went to change it and noticed a lot of gunk stuck in the pump -LRB- and the water flow is coming out very slowly although I have it set to the max . The whole thing now smells like a fish aquarium . I 'm now at my wit 's end and have just purchased the Hagen Catit fountain.Hagen Catit Design Fresh and Clear Cat Drinking Fountain , OriginalIt 's cheaper and has much better reviews . Best of all it 's WAY easier to clean.I really believe in giving items a chance and am not fond of those who jump to give a negative review , but this fountain was not good for my cat 's health and it just needs to be pointed out . I ca n't just say , `` Oh well , it was just me . '' I thought of giving this one away when I get my new one , but this just has to go to the garbage ; I ca n't put anyone else through this!I 'll be willing to answer any questions you might have . and will review the Catit after I 've used it for a while .
 This water fountain was HUGE and scared my cat more than helped . Was not expecting it to be so large .
 My two cats love the Drinkwell Platinum fountain . I have been very fastidious about keeping it clean , making sure there is no algae , and changing the filters.The first fountain failed after about 14 months of use . I contacted the manufacturer , who informed me the pump had failed , the item was out of warranty , and essentially I was out of luck - but they 'd slightly redesigned the pump to make it easier to clean and so the failure rate was less . I threw away the first one and bought a second - and less than 9 months later , same problem.I wo n't recommend or purchase this item again , and will be looking for a replacement . I 'm hoping to find an equally adequate product , as my cats have used this product since they were teeny kittens , and wo n't just drink out of a bowl now .
 Our cat loves climb up on the counters and drink from the sink faucets , but of course , someone has to be right there to turn the water on and off . We thought the Drinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain would be a terrific alternative , sort of a self-service water fountain that he could access independently . For some unknown reason , he just does n't want to drink from it . If anyone else has had this experience and found a solution , I 'd love to hear about it . Otherwise , it 's pretty much useless to us .
 The item was in perfect condition however my cat refused to drink from it . I tried to remove his old water plate , then he stopped drinking water completely . The fountain being on/off made no difference . I got this in hopes that it would attract my cat to drink more water but it had the opposite effect . He began drinking water regularly again the moment I returned his old water plate . I suggest you be wary that if your cat is n't already a flowing water drinker this item may or may not interest your cat . -LRB- My cat never tries to drink from the sink -RRB-
 Worked ok for a couple weeks then started leaking . Also , I do n't think it ever really filtered . Ended up tossing it and buying a different kind .
 I received this item along with the cleaning brushes I purchased seperately . I have not even had it more than a month and the motor -LRB- I think -RRB- has stopped working . I took great care in making sure I cleaned it and followed the instructions on it 's care and use . I hope the company will contact me regarding this product and possibly replace it .
 I loved this pet fountain when it first came because it holds a lot of water , which is great if you go on a short vacation . It was also easy to set up.However , the water gets dirty very quickly -LRB- I have two cats -RRB- and it 's a pain in the butt to clean this machine . It holds so much water that it 's heavy to carry to a sink and inevitably water spills on the floor . The sloping angle of the clear reservoir in the back makes it difficult to fill because you ca n't really set it down on anything - you have to hold it with one hand while filling it with water.Finally , the machine has become very loud over time . We try readjusting various components , which seems to make it quieter for awhile , but it 's quite mysterious to me why it will suddenly starting humming very loudly .
 This worked great for our two cats for a few days . In contrast to some of the other negative reviews , the motor on our unit was not loud , and our cats both used the fountain right away . We thought we had made a great purchase . But after a few days , it leaked all over our floor . I 'm going to quote another review because it perfectly described what happened to us , `` Not sure what the problem is but this thing is spilling all over my floor . It worked good the first couple times and now I go to refill it and it just fills up and up and up and over the top . '' At first I thought that the floor we set the fountain on -LRB- in our basement -RRB- might not have been level . So I propped up the front end of the fountain just a bit thinking that would keep the water from running over the front edge of the unit . But that did n't work either . Anyway , it seems clear from the many positive reviews that this problem is not widespread , and aside from the problem with leaking , I would have rated this 5 stars . As it is , I plan to return it for a refund .
 I am unhappy with this product and would definitely return it had I not purchased it long time before I actually started using it . First of all , it produces loud buzz all the time , no matter what the level of the water , the position of the blade , no matter what.Most importantly though , my cat decided she did not like it and never used it once , even though she happily drank from the old Petmate fountain that I had before . I will buy Petmate again .
 This product runs smoothly . It is so poorly engineered , however , that we stopped using it after about two weeks and will be returning it . It is very heavy , especially when full of water . There is no place to grip the machine , so it is hard to lift or move . You need to clean it out periodically , of course , but the opening from the water tank does not seal itself when you remove it , so all the water spills out on the floor unless you carry the whole thing to a place with a drain .
 Ever hear of the `` find Waldo '' game ? Well , with this fountain , it 's `` find the leak '' game . Works fine sometimes , sometimes it leaks like a sieve . Basic reason is bad engineering . The pump does not work and flow within a closed system .
 As you 've probably already seen , some people are responding with `` water bowl overflow issue '' . We 've had our Platinum Fountain for approx 4months . The 1st 2months , this was a great product . Instead of refilling the water bowl once a day , we only had to fill the fountain every 5days . After month 2 , we experienced the 1st overflow . The bowl overflowed , water all over the floor . I figured the cat/dog knocked something loose - we purchased a tray to place underneath the fountain to catch future overflow problems.Truth is , the dog/cat did n't knock anything loose . The bowl overflows once a week now . I 've cleaned the unit and motor as per the manufacturers recommendations -LRB- it overflowed -RRB- . Put a new filter in & tried it without the filter -LRB- it overflowed -RRB- . I made sure the floor was level -LRB- overflowed -RRB- . Using a flash light in the dark , I shined each part looking for any cracks -LRB- nothing found - oh , and it overflowed -RRB- . We are going to attempt to return this item and or have it replaced . Judging by the amount of other people with the same problem , think the odds are slim/none that I will ever be satisfied.Closing statement
 The cats love it but if you do n't keep the filter clean , it will overflow all over your floors . Since I have hardwood floors , I purchased a jumbo foil roasting pan to keep the fountain in just in case I forget to clean it and it overflows . Will wait until it quits , then buy a different fountain . I purchased this to replace my old Petmate freshflow which would clog quickly but never overflowed all over the floors .
 Not happy with this model and have had multiple problems either overflows or does not run at all.have bought this brand for many years and it appears the quality has dropped and parts are more flimsy.have had to return several units due to problems so I suggest looking for another brand
 Bought this because the CatIt fountain was getting too much slime IMHO . Turns out this fountain gets more slime than catit . You can not leave this for more than 3 days or the build up is too much .
 My cats loved this Drinkwell fountain : Drinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain 168oz . The motor started to fail about 6 months after I purchased it . Now it produces a tiny stream of water and makes a lot of noise . There was only a 1 month return period . For a $ 48 isupposedly `` quality '' item , this is unacceptable . I purchased this from B&J ; Pets & Aquariums , Inc. through Monster Pets . I spent close to 3 hours on the telephone trying to work this out , and finally spoke to someone from Amazon who is trying to help my resolve this issue . Stay tuned .
 I have owned this brand of fountain for several years . They use to work really well . But mine finally wore out and two weeks ago bought a new one . Well , the motor was noisy , with a buzzzzzzz sound that drove you crazy . So , Amazon sent me a new one two days ago ... very disappointed as that one is the same way . Noisy , loud buzz coming from the motor . Also , with the one I returned , after three days I went to refill and found the water to be nasty . I checked the filter and it was clean , but behind the filter and around the bottom of it , it was slime and gross . The filter for whatever reason is not filtering properly . I do n't understand how the quality of this fountain deteriorated so badly , but it has . I used to take it apart and clean it every week ... rinse the filter , etc. . It never was dirty , just did it for the benefit of keeping fountain in top condition . But now , it gets dirty and fast . This one will be returned also , and now I need to find a new one ... Hope Drinkwell gets their act together , as they had a great product at one time .
 Good Idea but I only used it for not even 2 months and the it stopped working . Also my dog was a little afraid of the noise it made at first .
 I 'm not sure if my cat even drinks from the fountain . I find the fountain difficut to clean , it 's awkard picking it up and bringing it to the sink to clean . after I clean it I fill the entire unit with water and for some reason it takes a bit to finally have the water start flowing even though I fill every area .
 Between the noise , expensive filters , multiple parts to clean , and absurd design of the water reservoir -LRB- my husband and I have actually made bets as to who would spill less water getting it into the unit -RRB- this is one of the most frustrating purchases I have ever made . The ONLY reason I have not thrown the fountain in the trash is because it has encouraged my older cats to drink more.To me the most frustrating element of the design is the loudness of the sound of the water . When I ordered the fountain I was concerned the motor may be a problem but the motor does not bother me at all . Even on the lowest pressure setting the noise the water makes is VERY loud . I tried adjusting the water level in the reservoir and changing the filter more frequently and it is always too loud . Guests have frequently commented on the amount of noise the water makes.I was given a small desk sized fountain as a gift several years ago and enjoy the gentle trickling sound that fountain makes so I never dreamed that I would be so bothered by the noise this fountain makes . I am going to be exploring other products and hope I can find a better solution !
 The fountain was OK while it still worked - although it was very difficult to clean . However , after 11 monthes its engine died , so the whole thing stopped working . By the time we got ourselves to sending it somewhere - the 12 months guarantee expired -LRB- and besides - they probably would have told us we did n't clean it often enough - which admittedly we did not -RRB- It was also very big and cumbersome . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought this item 3 months ago . It ran smoothly and much quieter than the blue and white pet drinking fountain . Suddenly , the reservior began leaking all over the place shortly after we filled it . It could not be repaired ... it was very disappointing !!
 Just got new Drinkwell Platinum Fountain , immediately found out the reservoir is not made in one piece , which makes me to concern if they did not seal properly , it will let water run all over the place.After fill the water in the reservoir and put to the back of the fountain , it starts to show tiny bubbles from the seal places , within minutes , most of the water in the reservoir were released to the bowl and the water runs over the top of the bowl and all over the floor.It has nothing to do with elevation where you live . I live at downtown San Diego , which is on the sea level . It 's all about the defective reservoir . They should spend a liitle more money to get a one piece reservoir instead of two piece cheap plastic and glue them together.It costs $ 89 + tax from Petco , and I will return it tomorrow . I will not recommend this product .
 The fountain was fine . The cats liked it . The pump died after only 6 months . I expect something at this price level to work longer than 6 months .
 I debated getting this product because of the high cost and uncertainty as to whether or not my cats would even take to it . I read a lot of reviews . Some complained of it being noisy , others said the pump stopped working after a short time . Still , the majority of the comments were positive , so I went ahead and bought it . Three of my four cats started using it right away . One cat is still on the fence . I have noticed no problems with the motor being noisy no matter what flow rate it 's set to . I clean it thoroughly once a week and use filtered water . But alas , one month and 12 days later , the pump appears to be failing . The water output is slowing to a trickle even when set at the fast flow rate . I 'm less than two weeks past 30 days from purchase from Amazon , so I ca n't return it for an exchange . Guess I 'll have to call the company and see what they will do for me . Let 's see if Drinkwell will stand behind their product and do the right thing by sending me a replacement . Remains to be seen . I 'll post again after I contact them with the results . Loved the product initially , but now I 'm really disappointed .
 This worked for about a week then began to make a rattle noise . I have taken it apart several times and cleaned and repositioned the motor and no matter what I do this machine will keep you awake , complete junk , do n't waste your money
 I have had to exchange 3 of these unit due to1 . The motor stopped working after a few months .2 . According to the manufacture the reservoir stopped making a food seal and dumped all ... yes all ... of the water in the unit onto my hardwood floors ... that was bad .3 . I notice a crack and a leak on the replacement unit for the second time . The customer service dept for drinkwell stopped being nice to me since I was returning all these items . Look elsewhere , they only support their product when you threatening to write a poor review
 I bought this fountain in Japan where it reminds me of traditional toilets . The motor is noisy and the flow too strong
 This worked ok until the motor failed a few months after I got it . Thankfully I 'm handy and repaired the motor . It worked for about 10 more months , then began leaking uncontrollably . I would clean the entire thing , refill the water , and wake up in the morning to find out it either overflowed or leaked everywhere . It 's going in the trash now , I 'm tired of it .
 This item worked well for a few weeks , then began leaking badly . It needs refilling on a daily basis since the water ends up all over the floor . So now it sits in the garage , unused . We have cleaned the filter and bowl regularly in case of clogs , but that does n't help . There are no cracks or broken spots that I can find , it seems to be coming out from the reservoir behind the machine . We had the previous model for years with out a problem , so I can only guess that this is an issue with the new design , since lots of other reviewers had the same experience . I wish I had paid more attention to the negative reviews . Read them before purchasing , it could happen to you , too !
 When I first set this Platinum pet fountain up , I was thrilled with it . Now , less than 4 months later -LRB- with proper cleaning and care -RRB- the pump quit and a new pump is nearly half the price of a new unit . Bummer !
 The product works pretty much as described . I did n't notice my cat using it any more or less than a bowl of water . However , the issue I have with the product is that you need to clean it at least weekly and that takes about 10 to 15 minutes to clean it properly -LRB- yes , I bought the cleaning kit for this unit -RRB- . After doing this for about 6 months , I decided it was much easier to just dump and refill a bowl every day which only takes about 15 seconds . If cleaning the unit only took a couple of minutes , I would probably still be using it . Perhaps Drinkwell could improve the design to eliminate the time it takes to clean this unit and then it might be worthwhile . For now , I 'll stick with the ceramic bowl .
 My first one lasted a couple years without any problems , until the motor died . This second one did n't even make it six months . Sad . Will see what I can do to get a replacement motor .
 I have been noticing my cat having difficulty breathing every time after drinking from her fountain . I was told by a doctor that this is really dangerous for the cat as she might get pneumonia . The problem with breathing happens because the water goes to her lung after each time drinking . Please do n't buy this product . I am going to return mine .
 NOT A GOOD PRODUCT FOR DOGS , IT SCARES THE ANIMALS . THEY WILL NOT DRINK OUT OF IT . I CAN NOT RECOMMEND IT FOR ANYONE
 This thing is horrible . Currently the cheap little pump is n't working after the flimsy plastic body fell six inches into the bathtub after its housing fell apart while I was trying to clean it.I will be calling the company Monday morning to try to get them to take it back . I can not believe that the only products in this category all look about the same and are all made of cheesy plastic . -LRB- Really you should n't use plastic for any animal 's drinking water , including humans , it leaches nasty things like plasticizers and endocrine disruptors into the water . -RRB- The thing is enormous , and it is hard to find a good place to put it.Then you have this huge surface of water open to anything that falls in . There 's a weird kind of strainer that keeps bits of food and larger items out of the pump , then this silly filter that keeps other smaller things from going into the larger area where all the dust and bits of food are . It 's too big to easily clean , but if you do not clean it often , it gets slimy.The filter does what again ? I do n't really think it has any actual effect . It keeps things from traveling from the water reservoir to the area where the cats drink from , which , again , is this huge surface of water open to cat food , bugs , dust , and anything else falling into it . So why the filter?I will be trying to improve on this design and will write back if I manage to do so .
 When the cheap pump in this product fails expect no support - the company , Drinkwell , does n't even have a website . At $ 60/year to replace the product I 'll just leave the faucet running .
 After reading about this product on the internet , I decided that nothing was too good for my kitties . Well , that 's not now it turned out . One of my cats is kind of skittish , so it was not a surprise that she rejected this thing , but my male cat drinks out of the faucet in the bathroom sink , which seemed to be the indicator of the readiness of a cat to use the fountain . I tried EVerything to get him to use it and he WOULD NOT . I have passed it along to a friend who has a cat and hopefully she will use it . I do n't intend to pay for return shipping on this , so LET THIS BE A WARNING . Not every cat will use this . BEWARE of buying this online and then being stuck as I am - either springing for the return shipping and getting back a fraction of my investment or giving a very pricey gift to a friend . I realize with 455 other reviews , this is very likely to be missed , but I did my best to caution potential buyers against buying this online .
 I must not have read the fine print well enough , because I was under the impression that the water had a resource tube to connect to a faucet or spigot , but instead you fill up the reservoir and just plug it in to circulate the contained water , and it does not bring in fresh water so you still have to make sure there is enough water to last . I purchased it so when I went away for a weekend I would know my pets had enough water , but without a water source , it 's still a finite amount . Disappointing .
 I bought this fountain for the sake of convenience , but what I did not realize was that scum would quickly build up on the inside surfaces that are in contact with water . After about a week or two , the inside of the bowl would feel slimy , and I would feel the need to clean it . Even using a dishwasher to clean it I found it was too much work to be worth using , so I switched back to bowls filled with brita pitcher water , and now the fountain has a spot in the top of the storage closet . My cat did not seem to drink more or less when the fountain was in use . I 'm not sure whether the scummy buildup on the plastic is harmful to cats or not , but it just made the fountain seem gross.Other than that , the fountain seemed to work very well . It is a good design , and the plastic is of high quality .
 Reading the reviews , this seemed like a good purchase . We bought it , followed all instructions setting it up and put it up and running 3 days ago . The pump is about as loud as a fridge and randomly gets very loud , where I can hear it from the other side of the house . Takes a small tap with my foot to make it quiet down.Needless to say , the cats are scared to death of it . They have not tried to drink from it , and when they walk by it they try to put as much distance from it as they can . Just I begin think they are not as scared of it , it gets VERY loud and they start to freak out again . For $ 40 bucks , this is ridiculous . This will be sent back .
 Worked fine for a short time , cats loved it , a few days after cleaning first time , found water all over the kitchen floor , would not stop running over . Checked everything I could , took apart , started over , still would not stop running over , solved the problem , now resting in county dump . Would not recommed this product unless it 's in a large tub !!
 Love my Original Drinkwell , but when a clueless housesitter melted my reservoir in the dishwasher I decided to upgrade . The Platinum 's motor is much louder than the Original . If you 're getting this for your garage , God bless you , but if you want to live with it in an enclosed space , think again . It will drive you crazy .
 Bought one in January -- still working great and 2 cats love it . Bought second in April ; pump impellers seized up in less than 4 weeks , despite appropriate cleaning and handling . Amazon replaced . Replacement pump did same thing in same time frame . Amazon wo n't replace a second time & is only refunding 80 % of the purchase price . Do n't understand the source of the problem ; wish I could find a second one that works as we have 2 houses and want one in each .
 The plastic material used accumulates mold and gets dirty way too often . It does n't take long for the reservoir to stink and not be able to get rid of it . The cats do love drinking out of fountains , though .
 Just a short review.The product is very easy to assemble . Really is n't very loud if you put everything together properly and let the water balance . It 's a similar noise as any other small desk fountain . You will hear a motor and the water running . The loud noises only happen when the water levels are wrong . It 's rather large and does splatter a little tiny bit.However , my cat wo n't touch it . Sniffed and then never drank from it . After giving her no water for a bit less than a day and her obviously willing to die of dehydration rather than drink from the fountain , it 's now , sadly , part of a give-away box as I 'm well past the return date.So , to owners who have n't used ` fountains ' before with their pets , try it fast ... if your pet wo n't drink from it , send it back !
 I have had this fountain for almost 2 months now , and my cat still has n't used it . I know it says it may take time for animals to get used to it , but Im beginning to think this was not a good buy . My cat continues to drink out of his regular bowl , and will wait for his regular bowl even if he is thirsty . Im not saying its not a good product , but in my case my cat is either too picky or scared to drink out of it . Out of my experience , I give it two stars for being nothing but a cute decorative fountain .
 My son owns the original Drinkwell . I saw how much his cat enjoyed it and found the sound of falling water is restful . When I purchased mine I upgraded to the Platinum because of the larger water basin . Unfortunately , since this fountain does not mask the sound of the motor -LRB- or they are equipped with cheaper motors -RRB- the sound is very annoying . I am going to order an original drinkwell and hope the motor noise is not so loud .
 I have had this product for over a year now , and it has caused me so many problems . The first months were great , but the cleaning process is tedious work and takes much effort . After about 8 months , there was a giant pool of water around the fountain . I kept using a towel underneath it , but it would mold easily . I am still using this product , but only because if I use anything smaller , my cat will pour out the water by picking at the bottom and tipping it .
 I owned the original Drinkwell fountain , and loved it . I even ordered the larger dog size water canister . LOVED it . When it broke , I decided to try what I thought was the newer upgraded model . Thought is the key phrase . To start , the water canister is horrible to fill . You have to hold it while you fill it . The round shape causes it to dump over in the sink . 2nd , After I filled it , I kept finding pools of water around the fountain . Apparently , it leaks ? Needless to say , this no lives in the garage NOT being used . I got tired of cleaning up the resulting flood , and of hearing the loud motor noise . Miss my old one , but this one is n't worth the $ $ $ .
 I bought this one to replace my original Drinkwell Pet Fountain , which had served me very well for several years . I just thought it was time to upgrade . I liked the look of the Platinum fountain and the idea that I would n't have to refill it so often.However , this product turned out to be very poorly engineered when compared to the original . It seems flimsier , the motor buzzes loudly no matter what I do , and my pets HATE it , even when it is not running.My cat refused to drink from it and I found her licking condensation off the window since I had taken away the other water in the house to encourage her to drink . My dog also does n't like drinking from it and sits and stares at it as if trying to work up the nerve to try it.I never had these problems with my old Drinkwell Pet Fountain , which still works , so I will be returning the Platinum Fountain and going back to the old one.I do , however , like the new filters for the Drinkwell fountains , with their six compartments to keep the charcoal in place . Since these fit both fountains , I 'll be useing them with my old fountain.I wish Drinkwell had just upsized their original design . That would have been perfect .
 When I bought this I paid twice as much as the previous fountain expecting a better product . I had it 88 days and then the pump quit working . I wrote the company to ask them to send a new pump and 6 emails later they refused to honor the warranty . Buyer beware . This is a disreputable company with a poor product . I went ahead and ordered the Petmate replacement pump as recommended by other Amazon customers . This fountain is a piece of junk .
 The machine is in the kitchen , and I can hear it running in my bedroom which is 30 feet down the hall . I used to have the Petmate one , and that one was great . I got this one because it holds more water . It 's been great not to have to refill it , but not worth the noise .
 My original purchase of this product was at my local Price Chooper a few years ago . I had been using a smaller litter box and had no need for the DL715 until adopting two Maine Coons . Price Chopper no longer carried this product so I purchased them online.I never had a problem with any of the liners from my original purchase , however , I have had a problem with the new liners , it seems that there is a weak point at the seam of the drawstring . When pulling on it , the seam tears apart . This is the first box I have oepened and so far , three of the four liners have had this problem.I 'm hoping this is a fluke and that the rest of the liners will be OK ?
 We looked around for a carrier for our dog who is only 13 pounds and thought this would work . She hated it . Could n't even put her in it . Too small . The carrier would be great for a newborn puppy or cat but now a dog . The size was a big misconception . We returned it .
 The item does not seal at the top so it leaks when you flip it over . will not stay snaped.waste of my money
 I like this product because you can clean inside the actual bottled water area . It is hard to get all of the `` clicks '' onto the bottle when you add more water to it . Overall , pleased .
 I found it difficult to snap lid on water resevoir . You have to be very careful when filpping over in case it spills out .
 This contain holds water yes , but only if you can seal the lid back on . the lip in the seal is almost impossible to seal . I threw it in the garbage and am now looking for a better one .
 The good ... the product did arrive on time and was well packaged . The bad ... the container does n't seal well . When I fill the container with water , it spills out when I try to flip it over to put in the dispensing tray .
 didnt work like i wanted it too or expected taped it shut or water will spill all over very tricky to use not easy to fill and put back together
 Plastic was difficult to separate to wash and add water and then did not go back together ! Leaked all over . Cheap product . not even worth the shipping to return . Sorry .
 This blade did not work well for my purpose . I was body clipping a horse and it left ridges of hair in the blade path . I had to stop using this blade and go over the area with a different blade
 II have been trying to find somegood catnip for my furgirlsbut this catnip did nothing!I will try something elsa !
 The picture and description did not state that the product did not include a tie out ! -LRB- But the package I received clearly had it written on front of package -RRB- KV would n't pay for the tie out -LRB- only the shipping -RRB- and will not reimburse my cost to ship it back ! Plus , the operator wanted to debate if the product should include a tie out . -LRB- `` Sir , it is sold as a trolley '' - I guess I learned my lesson . The last trolley I bought included a tie-out , but dumb ol' me shoulda realized ... ! -RRB- Suggestion - 1 . -RRB- Clearly state what is included in package -LRB- including updated picture -RRB- . 2 . -RRB- Send the tie out for no cost -LRB- what is 9.95 vs. good customer relations -RRB- . 3 . -RRB- At least pay for return shipping ! -LRB- Cheap skates ! -RRB- I will never buy from this company again .
 I got this for my Saint Bernard . It did not stop him from chasing after other dogs and resulted in a broken wrist for me when he pulled the leash out of my hand . I guess I will try other methods .
 It 's that there are other ways.We used one of these on my boxer when I was growing up . We did n't see any other option - his normal collar wore the fur off his neck , a choke collar gave him a seizure . This thing made him bite the leash so he would not get pinched.I have a much larger dog now -LRB- 90 lbs -RRB- who came to me with aggression issues -LRB- severely abused . -RRB- I am not a big person , and this dog can pull and lunge . I have him on a gentle leader head halter . It was not an instant solution - but it was effective and painless . The halter gave me enough control to be able to train him.The strategy
 Training ? Pain is not the same thing as training.This will make your dog stop pulling quickly , but it will hurt him and it may make him more reactive in the long term . If other dogs make him forget about the collar and pull then he may learn that other dogs mean pain , and this can cause problems.Try this
 The collar was super sturdy but that was it 's downfall . The collar would not flex at all so it made our dog 's throat irritated . He began to develop a cough-like hack . Our dog is 70 lbs so he is a big dog but the collar was not appropriate . When we switched to a single thickness collar his cough disapated .
 This item was received in bad shape . It is of poor quality , definitely not worth the money ! It came with no return instructions . I called the manufacturer and was given a return code . However , I have to rewrap it -LRB- ca n't be reshipped in original packaging so they can resell it -RRB- and ship it via UPS at my cost . Returns must be made within 10 days . As we were on vacation , I missed that deadline . I would not recommend ordering anything from this seller !
 Product was listed MADE IN USABut was made in CHINA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Although the US Postal Service says the item was delivered , I never received it . I contacted Amazon Customer Service , and they promised to ship a replacement , but they never did . I contacted the USPS and opened a case with them . They have no idea what happened to the package . It was not signed for by anyone .
 I have had several water feeders over the years and this one I like the least . The water container comes in two pieces it has a lid that has to be snapped on in 5 places . The snapping takes significant force . I have to hit hard with the palm of my hand in all 5 places to ensure I get the `` click '' `` snap '' sound . If you do n't make sure you hear that click and snap in all five places there is good chance the lid will come off when you turn it over . I turn mine over the sink to be safe but the point is that this feeder takes more effort and work to fill than it should . As I said I have used others over the years that were much less effort and potential for water spills that this . They were easy to fill . So get something else is my advice .
 I find it horribly sad that the leading breeder in north america for ferrets can not provide the propper food an nutrition for them ... Marshall claims this is the best food , but its only because they made it.As a few people have stated , ferrets are obligated connivors , the fact that this food has corn in it is bad enough , but it has other harmful ingrediants and isnt even grain free and even has by-products ! . Another thing about this food , it will make your ferrets smell to high heaven . This is also a indicator that the food itself is bad . A ferret on a high quality diet will have very little smell , this is expessuaily true for there bathroom as well.For those who might be considering this food , please do some research on why its so bad , an look into creditable food charts , Marshalls is VERY low quality ... Heres an amazing food chart that most ferret owners should go by , expessuaily those trying to figure out what foods are best :[ ... -RSB- If you are going to feed your ferrets kibble , i highly recommend Wysong Epigen 90 if you can get it in your area . It has 90 % meat , grain free an is also the first , and ONLY food that is starch free . Sadly it isnt sold in my area so my fuzzbutts are on the next best thing , ! go natural chicken turkey and duck , an i can say i have seen AMAZING results .
 I can buy a 7 lb bag of Marshall 's premium ferret food for $ 17.99 at my local pet store . The list price is inflated and their `` SALE '' price is no bargain .
 We started our fuzzbutts on Marshall 's becasuse they are Marshall 's ferrets , warranty , etc. . After some research on the internet we decided to try another brand . Our vet reccomended we try EVO which is a little more expensive but supposed to be healthier for the ferrets -LRB- no corn and more protein . -RRB- I would n't go so far as to say Marshall 's is bad since they have been in the ferret business for a long time . The biggest difference for our little guys has been their odors . Two of the first four ingredients for Marshal 's are fish . After we switched both the skin and litter box orders pretty much went away . With the Marshal 's we always used bi-ordor to help , we no longer have to use it . You should also note that ferrets do n't like to try new foods . They become imprented at a fairly young age and a one or two year old usually is not going to accept new food very easily . Change foods by mixing old and new gradually increasing the amount of new . They may ... will experience some digestive upset -LRB- scour -RRB- which will clear up over a few weeks . Our vet reccomends having your ferret eat a couple different foods . we mix a small amount of zupreem with the evo so they are used to both foods in the event we can not get evo they are adapted to a backup . Hope this helps ...
 I bought this when I got my two ferrets because of Marshall 's warranty . After doing some research on what 's good for ferrets and what 's not . I 'm not very please with the fact that the 3rd ingredient that this food has is `` Corn '' . Ferrets are meat eaters and can not digest corn . From what I 've read , corn is actually bad for them and can cause intestinal problems . My guess is that Marshall 's is using it as a `` Filler '' to save money instead of thinking about the ferrets well being . Sure they warranty the ferrets for one year as long as you keep them on Marshall food , but my thinking is that it takes more than one year for problems to show up in your ferret.I wo n't be buying anymore of this product . Do your ferrets a favor and research the ingredients of this and other brands before purchasing this .
 I thought coming from Marshall 's that I would get a better product . It smells awful . It REEKS of fish , filling my house with the awful smell . It also makes my ferrets waste smell worse . I will not buy this product again .
 not a product review because I have never recieved the product . Ordered three weeks ago and it still hasnt shipped . I wanted it in time for a vacation , but I had to just put out a large container full of cat food . I am not happy
 We purchased the medium feeder for our dog when we planned a week-end trip . When we returned we found a sparrow in the reservoir even though it was about a third full . I thought it was a fluke until we caught a second sparrow with the reservoir being about half full the very next day . We had to dump the dog food because of the bird droppings .
 They do n't seem to dry out my 10 week old yochon 's skin but I definitely prefer the Earthbath All Natural Puppy wipes ! I bought these online and because I could n't wait I bought Earthbath 's at Petco and decided to order another container of them through Amazon b/c there was shipping and was cheaper than what I paid at Petco ... . I love EB 's wipes ! They are really big and the scent is so clean and not overpowering ! I use them a couple times a day to get the pollen off of my puppy !! I have horrible allergies and these help me keep the pollen of my carpet and furniture !
 Everlasting Fun Ball , made by the same company is better suited for bully breeds . This toy , after only one throw/fetch session looks worn and raggedy , with big teeth holes - does n't look like it could withstand another session .
 I have been buying these balls for two dogs that are tough chewers at times . However , this batch that I bought had chunks out of them within 20 minutes of opening the package . I am not sure if they have changed how they are making these or what but I think I will be on the search for a different ball now .
 My dog had this ball destroyed in 30 minutes . `` virtually indestructable '' Would be cheaper letting your dog play with the dollar bills to buy it ...
 These nerf balls were much smaller than expected and thereforenot worth the price paid . They were returned immediately !
 These balls are light weight , appear to be made of tough material and my dog took to them as soon as they came out of the box , but they are smaller than 2 1/2 '' . I ordered two medium and two large size balls . I 'm returning the smaller balls . The medium balls are smaller than the BowWowzer Balls which are the same size as a standard tennis ball and also described by West Paw as 2 1/2 '' . For my dogs the medium size Fantastic Foam Ball would be dangerous . Hope StarMark fixes this problem because these balls look great . For now we will stick with the BowWowzer Balls .
 I bought this pet door to put in a new door because it was the size needed for our two small dogs . In less than two months the flap had completley broken off where it attaches to the top of the frame . It looks like the plastic is not flexible enough so it cracks and eventually breaks off.The warranty says after 30 days you have to pay a $ 15 processing fee plus shipping to return the door to the manufacturer . When I called to get the return authorization number a very nice representative said she would have a new door sent to me free of charge . Apparently this is a known issue and a lot of people are complaining about it . Hopefully the replacement door wo n't have the same problem.Update
 I have had this 3 months ... . The flap WILL break due to poor design and it Can not be replaced ... you have to buy entire new unit ... next time they design this the flap has to be mounted on a swing hinge .
 At the time , this was Havahart 's premium cat door because of the aluminum frame . I chose it thinking I would be modifying my exterior panel door only once . Mine has been used by two medium-size cats in a residential neighborhood for approximately two years . No other animals involved . Unfortunately , the flap has a plastic hinge where the plastic just flexes - not a pin type hinge ; and it has fatigued to the point that it no longer swings closed . The factory -LRB- 1-800-800-1819 -RRB- says `` the warranty is for only one year , the door is not serviceable , and my only option is to buy a complete new door '' ! Replace a $ 50 - $ 60 cat door every two years ? I do n't think so . No corporate integrity here.Doug Franks -LRB- Mechanical Engineer -RRB-
 It feels like it 's made of foam - is it made of foam ? I honestly ca n't say how well this holds up because I have yet to let my dogs have it - I 'm worried it will be easy for them to get chunks off to eat !
 First off , this thing is as heavy as a Kong rubber disc , maybe even more so . And my frisbee obsessed dog keeps ignoring it the first few throws until i convince her it IS a frisbee . That has never happened before . I also hate the dark purple color , if you play at dusk or night , this thing gets easily lost in the grass.I have 2 Aussies , one of which has destroyed every single frisbee type disc I have tried . She loves to catch them in the air and jumping high to get them gives her a real thrill , that and then on her way back stopping to shake it to kill it and also dropping it on anything from the garden hose to branches to `` taco it '' around the hose and then have a good shake/tug fest since it is now attached to something that wont let go . The regular frisbees are the best fliers , but she gnaws them and tacos folds them until they do n't fly anymore . Plus they are wearing hard on her teeth . The Flippy Flyer was the best at flying good and then also being easy on her teeth , but she grabs it from the soft top flat material part and loves to pull up a mouthful of grass with it to get more fun out of dropping it - it was DOA within half an hour . The Kong fliers last longer but they have no loft whatsoever and that is what I find with this Starmark Easy Glider.It does fly straight if you really chuck it , but it is more like the flight you get while skipping stones on water . -LRB- Think of throwing a pretty heavy thick rubbery-foam-filled plate -RRB- If your dog likes chasing the lower , near the ground throws best , you may just really like this one . For us , since she loves to jump high , it 's not so good in fact she just runs and picks it up , no catching in the air with this one for us -LRB- which is unheard of for us -RRB- . And there is NO chance of it catching a little extra loft to bump up a little higher at the end if there is a good breeze going on - it just goes straight and then down . Even if it was lighter , it virtually has no lip to catch the breeze for loft . So far she has only taco-ed it once -LRB- which is very good -RRB- and it just has some minor teeth holes in it , which is admirable , but she simply does not like to catch it in her mouth and I think the squeaky-noisy rubbery coating is not as fun to have in her mouth . It 's like quiet little nails on a chalkboard sounding squeak when she carries it just so . I do n't let her play with any of them at all unless I am there to supervise , so she has no alone time at length with them to destroy as she pleases.I think am going to try one of the Shark frisbees or maybe even try to sew my own more durable Flippy Flopper or maybe one of those Nylabones with the bone on top to see if any of those throws better and will last . Why ca n't some one make a frisbee that has SOFT edges & lip and a stiff or taut/non chewable/non taco-able center that also is LIGHT enough to work like a real frisbee ? Whoever does this could make a fortune .
 This would be a good purchase if it were either less expensive or more durable . It is advertised as `` very durable and puncture resistant , '' but our german shepherd tore it up pretty quickly just in normal use -- i.e. , catching and retrieving it . We did n't let the dog chew on the toy when he was n't playing with it , but even so it only lasted about two weeks . For $ 15 I expected more .
 I just bought an Easy Glider Max for my GS but I must say that I am very dissapointed . This Dog frisbee is really too heavy to fly well . The only good thing I find about it is that it floats . I can give more excersise to my dog by throwing sticks than by this foam frisbee . If you want a frisbee that can fly , this is not a good choice .
 States a 30 liters bag , packaged as a 12.5 liter bag that expands to 30 liters . Should include all information , not just partial . And you should put the volume in the title , not make customers search for it . Bedding is decent , but be wary of volume , as this was a lot less than I was expecting for the price .
 I bought this because it was supposed to have low dust . We bought this when we bought our rats because the store rep recommended it . We were careful to choose rats that were not sneezing , but they started sneezing right away at home . I assumed that they both had colds from the stress of being in a new home , and never thought about the bedding.I recently had to take one of the rats to the vet , and she said he looked healthy , not a rat with a cold -LRB- he did n't have drainage from his nose or eyes , his eyes were n't red , and his lungs were clear -RRB- . She suggested I change the bedding to see if it helps with the constant sneezing.We changed it , and within hours their sneezing was almost completely stopped ! That tells me that the CareFresh bedding is pretty dusty . I do n't recommend this for any small pet .
 Let me first say that I breed mice , and have been doing so on and off for about 18 years . I have a bit of an idea of what I 'm saying , although I claim no professional expertise . I usually use pine chips -LRB- cedar is bad for small animals ' lungs -RRB- . Well . I found this stuff on sale at petco online , and I was pretty enthusiastic , both about the price -LRB- BOGO -RRB- and about the facts that it 's environmentally friendly and also supposedly more absorbent and less dusty.So , the package arrived and I replaced the bedding in several cages with this stuff . First off , let me just point out that if a cow were to chew a notebook of recycled paper , spit it back up , and then let that dry in the sun , that 's what this look like . Ok , fine , we 're helping the environment , right ? Except all the mice in the cage are covered in the dust so generously included in the package ... again , I 'm no expert , and I did n't MEASURE the dust particles , but I 'm preeeety secure feeling when I say this stuff was more dusty than pine chips.Ok , fine , it 's dusty and hideous . Maybe it 's more absorbent , which , honestly , is n't super important to me since I change the bedding every 2-3 days , but ok . So , my oldest child has a pair of female mice in his room , and while we were waiting for a replacement water bottle to arrive , we used a dish of water . Two days after changing the bedding , and this stupid stuff around the water dish was RANK and MOLDY . YUK ! Can someone point out the advantages here?After a month of using this stuff , I 'm never buying this crap again . It 's hideous , my mice push it out of their bedding areas -LRB- they do n't with pine chips -RRB- and if it 's more absorbent , it 's also a breeding ground for everything you do n't want in your cage.Seriously , go with pine chips . They 're cheaper , most small animals like to chew the thicker bits , and if your cage smells gross , you should have changed the bedding yesterday anyway .
 The picture made me think this was purple Carefresh colors . It is n't . It 's basic beige colored bedding and not nearly as soft as the one I thought this would be . I was highly disappointed and have two of these to show use for my precious little dwarf hamster.I 've had this about a month but just put it in today so can not tell you how well it absorbs smell , but if you 're looking for purple , soft bedding , this is n't it .
 This product claims to auto correct the dogs barking ... But it does not . My dogs behavior did not change at all . In fact the collar began to shock him when he was not even barking . I was then sent a replacement product that did the exact same thing . My poor dog was terrified of the collar after being shocked repeatedly for no reason . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased two of these collars . I have a couple of labradors each about a yr old , the collar stopped them from barking right away , however they were curious about the others collar and easily popped the top casing off of these with one bite . When I returned from a 15 min . trip to the store I found both devices were in pieces.What a waste of money ... . I have an older rechargable collar from Inotek that was bulkier but very sturdy have used it for over 3 yrs wish I could find another one of those .
 I purchased this product to control the barking of my 23 lb Labradoodle . It has never even given her a slight message to stop barking ! I called the service desk and the service person said she has to have at least a two second delay in barking for it to work . I do not recall seeing that in the promo . And besides , I am sure she has at least a two second delay between barks .
 I purchased this device in 2010 and have used it with my Schipperke at intervals since . It has n't had any effect what-so-ever on him , if anything he barks more . I think he likes the shock . Schipperke 's are kind of schizzy anyway .
 Not only was this Innotek no bark collar expensive but when it arrived in the uk I had to drive 12 miles to collect it and pay a further 17.06 custom duty making the dog collar COSTING ME CLOSE TO 100 . To add insult to injury it dos n't work but the thought of returning it and the expense that would involved leaves me very dissappointed and A MOST UNHAPPY CUSTOMER.Innotek automatic no bark collar BIG MISTAKE - NEVER AGAIN .
 I would not buy this product again . You can NOT turn it off so ; it looses the charge way too fast AND once you have had it on the dog they will never let you put it on again because it is zapping while you are trying to put it on . So you can never get it back on . Very bad product design .
 I am on my second Innotek automatic rechargeable No-bark collar . The first did n't appear to work at all so the company graciously provided a second one . What I did n't know is that the collar actually makes your dog bark . As soon as I put in on my dachshund , unit fully charged , locked and loaded , he barks like crazy ... all day . The neighbors love it . I leave for work with the sound of his barking in my ears and come home , greeted by my pet 's vociferous greeting . If you love barking dogs , buy this collar!It works!And it 's rechargeable!Innotek Automatic No-Bark Dog Collar , BC-50B
 I placed this collar on my dog it took several barks from him then all of a sudden he yelped really loud and all 4 paws left the ground , he leaped about a foot into the air . I instantly removed the collar and had to calm him down . I never put it on him again this is not the way to train a dog it 's cruelty . I felt so bad I did this to him . I sure would n't want 2 prongs sticking in my neck shocking me .
 The seller charged me full price and sent a cheaper collar . I specifically wanted the rechargeable batteries and I was sent `` replaceable battery '' , a cheaper and undesirable version .
 I really wanted to like this collar for 2 reasons
 The product did n't work at all . I tried it on myself and did n't feel a thing . I definitely Returned this item .
 I bought three collars as all the dog will bark and start the other two barking.Two of the collars work fine but one dose not . I thought it may be to loose but it was n't , when I checked it.That 's why I gave it a TWO . Other wise they are good .
 I 've tried a different collar before but could n't find it . This collar did NOT do the trick . My dog barked anyway and it actually caused burn marks on his neck . So ... rather than deter him from barking , it buzzed but not enough to cease the bark rather it caused trauma . I do not recommend this collar . I 've actually considered contacting the manufacturer to inform them of the issue . I had to take my black lab to the vet as a result of this collar .
 Rarely works when the dog actually barks -LRB- despite following the instructions perfectly -RRB- . Honestly this piece of junk worked on like one out of 20 barks . Followed the instructions to the T and used the product 100 % as directed . It just does n't work well . The $ 5 one I got from China worked WAY better but it took regular batteries and they went dead like every 2 days . Ca n't one of these companies make one that WORKS and is re-chargeable ?
 the description does n't mention that it does n't include the leash or harnesses , in my opinion , not worth 8 bucks for something so simple
 Collar was far less than 20 usable inches -- measured less than 20 '' from buckle to tip . Construction appeared durable , but was too short for my dogs .
 I used to use Newman 's a lot but they do not produce their own food . So , I do not use it anymore , since the scare with Menu Corporation .
 I have the Innotek dog containment system and needed a new collar . These collars only seem to last about year ... quite expensive since they cost over $ 100 . I have two dogs ... that means two new collars every year . Sorry I got the Innotek containment system . There are other systems out there that work the same but less costly ...
 I 've have 2 of the Innotek collars . Both saw little use and both stopped working after 2 + / - years . Innotek company rep indicated nothing could be done to repair either collar .
 The unit charged initially but would not hold charge and eventually went completely dead within a couple of days . Now in discussions with Innotek - Petsafe to get replacement .
 The system works good but the collars keep dying . At $ 100 per collar , I wonder if Innotek had this in mind for a re-occurring revenue stream . Maybe they build in some `` planned obsolescence '' to ensure $ 100.00 every year from each existing customer ? I 'm just waiting for another manufacturer to make a better collar that works with this system .
 This collar works , but does not fit or charge on the original charger , you have to get a new charger as well , they have improved the clasp . But the charging is a downer , we also have an electric blanket and when it cycled on , on our bed it shocked the dog so there are definite drawbacks on the electrical interferance problems as well .
 My french bulldogs dogs are around 24 lbs . The plastic tube that the two supporting tubes fit into broke right out the top . It should have been metal .
 Have the wrong-sized bucket seats , I guess . This booster seat wo n't lay flush against the back of car seat ; this will cause the booster seat to tip over as there 's nothing to support the booster . Called the company asking about return policy -LRB- had free shipping -RRB- . They claimed I 'd have to pay the shipping charge -LRB- $ 20 plus -RRB- to send the product back , which is nearly half the purchase price . Not a good deal . Be sure the booster seat will fit flat inside the contours of your bucket seat . It may be well worth your time to take careful measurements . Hope this review was useful . Thanks .
 Overall I like this dog seat and my dog , Romeo , an 8.5 LB . pomeranian loves the seat . However after 3 weeks one of the clips that hold the top strap of the dog seat to the car seat broke and my dog went flying out of the car seat and ended up hanging by his harness to the leash holder on the car seat . Good thing he was n't wearing a collar . He was not injured . This seat is supposed to hold up to 18 LBS . !!!! I replaced all the cheap defective clips with heavy duty clips .
 This product came with the fabric sewn in backwards and the steel rods were not able then to go through the slots designed for it . It is a completely inferior and mismade product . I do not recommend this product to anyone .
 Solvit Deluxe Pet Booster SeatThis is a terrible product . Would not rest flush against rear bench-type seat and the front collapsed when my 6 pound dog rested his front paws on it . It is also very small . I bought this because it was cheaper than the Snoozer which I 've used with my other dog for several years . I guess you get what you pay for -LRB- or less -RRB- . Save your money and steer clear of this pet car seat .
 I specifically wanted Solvit Car Seat item # 62291 . The product was advertised as this item # on Amazon.com . The product received was a different item # . When I told the seller , Little House of Terrors , that this was incorrect , she told me that the item I requested has been discontinued and replaced with the new item . If this is the case , it should not be advertised as item # 62291 because it is not that item . This is false advertising . This seller made it difficult for me to return the item , and threatened me when I told her that I was stopping payment of my credit card payment . As a result of this experience I doubt that I will purchase from Amazon.com again . I certainly would not recommend Little House of Terrors nor Amazon.com It was an unpleasant experience . Amazingly when I called the manufacturer direct , I was able to get the correct item .
 My dog almost strangled herself trying to turn around in this . I had to pull over to the side of the road to take her out . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 THIS IS FALSE ADVERTISING . The picture showing the dog car seat shows a seat with a hard back and supports coming up from the bottom of the hard back going up to the front of the seat . That is not what I received . I found out from Solvit that the seat shown is no longer made . The seat I received is just like the one I purchased at a pet store and returned because it does not work in the back seat because you can not get the bottom strap around the back of the back seat . It might work in the front seat but my wife is not going to ride in the back seat so the dog can ride in the front seat . On Amazon . com it said the seat was coming from Little Shop of Horrors , but the FedEx tag has the address for Solvit on it . I can not find out how to return it . I can not find an address for Little Shop of horrors .
 I was very disappointed because I did NOT receive the product I ordered . The advertisementSolvit 62291 Deluxe Pet Booster Seat said they were available on the website but got a substitute instead . The manufacturer told me they did not produce the product I ordered so they took it upon themselves to send me a substitute . They still have the picture of the Solvit 62291 Deluxe Pet Booster Seat on the website and this is false advertising . I had to return the wrong product for a refund and this was an inconvenience to me . In addition , I feel I got a product that was $ 20 cheaper , according to what I saw on their website 's ad . I was not a happy customer .
 Very disappointed in this product . It leads you to believe it 's the roller that has an extended handle ... It 's NOT.Just a regular short handle ... note it says `` by Helmac Extension Handle , and NOT is Helmac Extension Handle.Be wary of fine print . Since it 's 50 % the cost to send it back , the only solution is to pay extra for an extension handle to be able to use on floors . Somewhat of a bait and switch .
 The collar was super sturdy but that was it 's downfall . The collar would not flex at all so it made our dog 's throat irritated . He began to develop a cough-like hack . Our dog is 70 lbs so he is a big dog but the collar was not appropriate . When we switched to a single thickness collar his cough disapated .
 Collar was far less than 20 usable inches -- measured less than 20 '' from buckle to tip . Construction appeared durable , but was too short for my dogs .
 My cats really like it , and it is inexpensive and also control tartars . My cats are fed mostly dry food though . ------ Update 12/27/2012 ----- While My 11-lb Russian Blue has no trouble with this treat , my 7-lb toby could n't take it.Since I feed two types of dry cat food and used to give three types of treats per day , it took me a while to isolate the root of problem.As long as my toby cat consumes any number of this treat , she ALWAYS had a very stinky and often half-watery pile of feces on the same day . The more pieces I fed her , the more serious the syndrome became .
 The collar was super sturdy but that was it 's downfall . The collar would not flex at all so it made our dog 's throat irritated . He began to develop a cough-like hack . Our dog is 70 lbs so he is a big dog but the collar was not appropriate . When we switched to a single thickness collar his cough disapated .
 ecoPure 5-Ounce Herbal Ear Care is deceptive advertising . I thought I was getting a 5 ounce bottle for $ 5.99 . It is only 1/2 ounce -LRB- .5 -RRB- . For that reason alone I would not do business with this company again .
 Firstly , this dog toy was supposed to be unbreakable . My dog broke it within 3 throws . I was trying to read up on this toy before purchasing it , but there were literally a total of 5 reviews , all of whom say this is great . it lasts forever , it took a year before it finally broke . So I purchased it believing all to be true . This was untrue . I mean , you get what you pay for cheap plastic . It might be great for kids to play with but definitely should n't be even considered as a dog toy . I have a German Shepherd who loves Frisbee play . Would prefer Frisbees over food , so obviously I 'm looking for something that he ca n't really destroy.Since Old Navy got rid of their Frisbee -LRB- which by the way are the best quality -RRB- I had to find a replacement . The last time i purchased their Frisbee were last Summer , and now this summer I 've dwindled down to two pieces of scraps of whatever is left because I have two dogs and they love to play tug of war.This Frisbee not only tore their gums to make them bleed , but it just does n't seem practical to even use this kind of plastic for dogs . When it chips into pieces it will cut into them even more . Horrible Frisbee for dogs.Overall , I would never have bought this kind of Frisbee had I known that the quality is not any better than a petco Frisbee . It might be a little thicker , but still , not good .
 If I had seen this frisbee in a store rather than buying it online , I would never have purchased it for my dog . It 's a firm plastic that would hurt my 20-pound terrier if it hit her in the mouth or head . Like another reviewer wrote , it 's also the kind of plastic that is likely to crack and be even more dangerous for our pets . This is going directly into the thrift store donations box .
 As the other reviewer had seen , this thing does not skim very well . Same micro bubbles , same over flowing , same raising out of the water as much as possible . I would set a good height that seemed it would make some good skimmate , to return later to find it overflowing . I did find out that the black knob at the top of the cup is a drain for the cup , but I have not seen if it keeps in skimmate or fixes the problem . The only redeeming quality of this skimmer is that it does come with a small powerhead , so it is n't a total loss .
 I was excited to try out this skimmer for my 10g nano reef . It seemed to work fine for a few days , but in less than a week it was both constantly throwing micro bubbles inside my tank and the cup was constantly overflowing . I eventually had the skimmer part as far out of the water as I possibly could , nearly 3 inches above the ` suggested water level ' and still the cup would overflow within two hours . Adding extra filter floss helped stop the micro bubbles but also caused mad overflow from the cup . Having had it for a month I have yet to have it do any real skimming and it is now in a box under my tank .
 These bags are ok . They fit a standard box but could fit a larger one if needed as they are a bit large for mine.I use yesterday 's news litter and I think if your cat has claws , they will dig holes in these bags . But they make for easy weekly litter changes . the draw strings are a bit awkward and my litter has slipped out of the bag a few times ! I wo n't purchase these again , I 'll go to the 99 cent store & get small trash bags .
 The product is good , but the customer service sucks . They do n't return emails or try and work with you .
 We thought this sounded like a good idea
 Save your money ! Keep the bags from your grocer for free , and throw the poop in the trash . The Doggie Dooley does n't work six months out of the year because of the cold -LRB- of course the company does n't tell you this until you 've bought it -RRB- . When it does work , it does so poorly . It is a complete pain to maintain . The flimsy plastic on mine broke before the year was up where the lid hinge is . If you want to waste your money , just set it on fire .
 It was probably made for a much larger dog because it would not stay on our dog . -LRB- although stated to fit a dog her size.Cheaply made , but , like I said ... you usually get what you pay for .
 1 . Wears out quickly - locking gears start slipping2 . Gears are to large - to get a tight fit you must use the next gear up which eventual result in gear slipping -LRB- see # 1 -RRB- .3 . If your walls are not square , which is very likely , does not fit solidly so you must use the next gear up -LRB- see # 2 -RRB- .
 I bought this for my new 2 month 9 pound beagle . Product is very easy to put together , I was so happy to put him in it . Within a minute or so he was out , I could n't believe it . So I put him back in there and watched him jump right out . Returned product the next day for full refund .
 Arrived with the black cats partially scratched off and the glaze was cracked over the entire bowl . The shipping cost more than the bowl .
 This is good food but it 's not packaged well , resulting in approx 1/3 of the pieces being broken crumbs or mere powder.My cat eats neither crumbs nor powder ! This catfood is too expensive to lose so much . They need to package this for shipment much better than they do .
 Life 's Abundance customer service is very rude and will not help customers who have purchased or wants to purchase their cat food.Shipping is too high . When inquired about shipping , they were so rude and told me `` if you want our cat food , you need to pay its price on shipping . '' $ 50 worth of cat food resulted in $ 30 in shipping.It wo n't surprise me if all of these reviews were written by the company . This is a very shady company.What happens if my cat has an allergic reaction and customer service wo n't help?TERRIBLE CAT FOOD , TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE , TERRIBLE COMPANY .
 Life Abundance dry cat food is in the category of ` healthy , low grain ' cat foods . It does have brown rice . Before purchasing this food , I read the ingredients , carefully , and could not identify a potential source of gluten in any one of the 65 + ingredients . However , using a reliable commercial test kit for gluten -LRB- that is made for the food industry and consumers -RRB- this cat food tested high positive for gluten . This test was done because a member of the household who is severely celiac became sick after handling the food and the cat.If you have celiac disease , do not purchase this food . Further , gluten is of no benefit to cats .
 Looked adorable in the packaging but before it was even unwrapped one of the bells fell off and now an hour later there is only one left . Would have been a great gift if the quality was better
 At first I was very pleased with this collar . It is soft , stretchy and has a great jingle sound . However , within the first 5 minutes my dog scratched off one of the bells . I inspected the stiching upclose and found missed stiches all over the place . The bells were held on by one piece of string . The collar was in the trash even before the packaging materials had been thrown out . Its not the sellers fault . They shipped the product promptly . No jingling for my pup this year .
 i put this on my black lab to treat a large spot on her back and sides . I noticed her lick at it a few times , but nothing major . Within 72 hours my beautful girl was dead . The vet said she died of sulfur poisoning . Please watch your animal and be sure they dont lick even a small amount of this . no words can describe what a hole this has left in my life .
 My dog had a violent allergic reaction to the tiniest amount of this product ! Beware !
 My dog is 8lbs -- I followed the instructions to the letter and my poor pooch started getting diarrhea and vomiting for 2 days straight . I had to spend almost $ 100 at the vet 's office to get her healthy again . Be careful how much you give them -- I would cut the suggested dose in half -LRB- at least -RRB- just to be on the safe side and work your way up from there gradually after you see how they do .
 I ORDERED TWO BRAKE-FAST DOG BOWLS IN MEDIUM IN BLUE ... PAID OVER $ 30.00 AND MY DOG CAN NOT EAT FROM IT BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING ON THE BOTTOM TO KEEP IT FROM SLIPPING ALL OVER THE KITCHEN FLOOR ... I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR TO BE SENT TWO BOWLS WITH SOMETHING ON THE BOTTOM TO KEEP IT FROM SKIDDING ... THIS IS FRAUDULENT TO NOT PUT SOMETHING ON THE BOTTOM . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY ...
 My cat eats so fast that his food comes right back up , I thought he would use this bowl to slow himself down , but he wo n't eat out of it . This is not for cats .
 The first few meals , I thought I wasted money because our GSD pup would use his paw to hit the food in between the cylinders then get wet food or kibble popping out of this dish . It was a MESS . On top of this new problem , he still ate fast and crazily , pushing the bowl around here and there while trying to lap up or chomp up the food ; basically making the bowl skid everywhere on his food mat , including off it . Made me regret the purchase and found myself wanting the other food bowl with the rubber on the bottom -LRB- which I had n't liked for their lack of color choice and unpleasing look -RRB- . However , patience has paid off . After a few more meals , our pup surprisingly learned to completely rely on maneuvering his body around the bowl so it moves a lot less -LRB- though I still think this bowl would be super if it was heavily weighted or able to be attached to the floor/mat somehow -RRB- . His eating also slowed down considerably , to the point of being calm -LRB- could be he realized he did n't have to fight his litter-mates to get his share of food -RRB- . I need to get a new rubberized mat to help keep this food bowl better in place because it still shifts a bit , hence the four stars.Overall - satisfied with product.-December 28 , 2011 UPDATE-Same old problems ! Our pup ignores some of the food left around the bottom of the pillars which can amount to a lot if it happens often and with more expensive wet foods . Also , our pup 's bigger and is back to shifting the bowl here and there with the natural force of his licking and biting into the food . He 's even back to pawing the frustrating bits of food he ca n't get to behind the pillars which knocks the bowl over , spilling kibble . We 've had to add velcro to the bottom of this bowl and the mat , but then if it 's wet food , our puppy paws at the bottom he ca n't get to -LRB- getting the mush on his paws -RRB- and then prints it everywhere on the floor . Ugh . For a growing pup he needs to eat at least the recommended portions given to him , but he gives up after a while . We guessed he was tired of the bowl so we switched to a normal bowl . He 's back to licking up every last bite . Hence , docking another star .
 The bowl is much bigger than I think it looks online.It allows for my pet to still eat too fast.I am not happy w / this purchase
 The product itself is durable and I 'm sure it will last . It slowed down my dogs eating at first , but after a few feedings he got used to the nubs and was eating just a quickly . I also bought another red bowl for my mothers dog , a fast eating chow hound shaped like a small football . The only way it slowed him down was that it took him longer to lick clean every nook and cranny . Perhaps if they made a size smaller ? or bigger nubs ? I do n't know , but if given the option of a redo , I would n't buy them again .
 ... if its face is flat . For my critter , I need a bowl where the pillars are half the size . The bowl is the right size , but the only way the critter could get food is to be like a frog and `` nab '' the kibble with its tongue . It was amusing to watch for 60 seconds , then I simply felt sorry for her . I gave it a few hours of a try , but had to go back to the other bowl where she gulps the food down . : -LRB-
 I adopted a new cat that was slightly overweight and needed to be put on a diet . Needless to say , everytime I put his food down , he acted like he had n't been feed in weeks and proceeded to inhale it all within a matter of seconds . Bought these bowls to hopefully slow him down . All it did was stress him out . The bowl is too deep for a cat . He pushed the bowl all over the floor and finally started using his paws to pull the food out of the bowl onto the floor . Do n't waste your money ... they do not work for cats .
 I ordered this bowl for my 6.5 pound Yorkie and the bowl is bigger than it looks.The small size bowl is perfect for a medium sized dog .
 Our mininature poodle can easily push the bowl around . It should have a rubber base to help it grip hard floors and should be weighted down . If I would have seen the actual product I would n't have spent my money on it .
 My 5 pound full grown Maltese has absolutely no problem just sticking his snout between the pegs to eat his food . In conclusion , it did not help him slow down his eating -RRB-
 I bought this bowl and the Skid Stop Slow Feed bowl to do a side-by-side comparison . This was the loser . We have an 11-pound terrier mix who wolfed down her food . This one slowed her down a little , but I ca n't really say that `` it works . '' The Slow Feed bowl was twice as effective at slowing her down . -LRB- We fee 1/3 cup at a time of dry food . -RRB-
 I thought this heated bed was for outdoor and indoor use . When I got it the directtions said strickly for indoor use only . So it was not what I wanted . My dog is 8 1/2 pounds and the bed is just right for him . He seem to really like it . The pad does get really hot for a dog bed . I worry about fire danger from it it .
 This looked like a great indoor product for our dog who loves heated/warm beds for her old , sore joints . The actual heating element is only 1/3 to 1/2 the size of the bed . That is not described . So the other 2/3s of the bed are cold . We are returning it . Sneaky trick !
 Really dont remember this product . Wouldnt recomment it to anyone . Use bleach instead , it works alot better ! This was useless .
 Yuck . This does NOT work . It stinks to high heaven . I sprayed down the yard many times over to get rid of the ginger smell . It only masks the smell of urine . It does not eliminate the smell . I found OdorMute on amazon and it works extremely well in eliminating the smell without masking it .
 The pumps only lasted 4 month , can not get them to start back up . I took them to a fish store next to my house and they told me they need cleaning , so they cleaned them for me . The pumps still can start up.I e-mailed the shipper waiting for them to contact me .
 I suppose the life expectancy of this toy depends on your dog . I have an 11 month old Golden Retriever . He is very rough on his chew toys , and ones made of material and stuffing are among his favorites , but last only a few weeks . So I did n't expect this toy to last beyond that . However , I also did not expect the toy to last just minutes.Our dog got the Loofa toy today -LRB- Christmas ! -RRB- as a stocking stuffer . He immediately liked it , fetching it and being amused by its squeaker . But in less than an hour he destroyed it . Now , he is a puppy and a very active chewer , but I would expect a dog toy to be made a little better so it can withstand some moderate chewing.He has other similar fabric toys which lasted much longer , and all were within the same price range ?
 I purchased this for my puppy and when it arrived the squeeker did not work , so I exchanged it for another one . The replacement had a working squeeker and my puppy loved it , but it was not suitable for a young dog . It arrived Saturday and I had to dispose of it on Monday . I wo n't be buying another one .
 My seven-week-old puppy likes this toy . However , it can not stand up to a puppy 's chewing . We had the toy for three days before it had a rip in the ear . All of our dog 's other toys are still looking fine despite similar chewing , leading me to think that the loofa dog is a waste of money .
 It 's not strong enough for a dog to play with . A few days after , the toy was already scattered into pieces . It shipped right away though .
 My two Beagles literally tore this toy in half at the seams within the first half hour after we brought it home and they 're not exceptionally rough with things . Worthless at best ... dangerous -LRB- choking -RRB- at worst .
 This toy lasted 5 minutes . We have much cheaper toys that are still going after weeks of play . I thought thiswould last longer . I wish I had paid attention to the reviews - live and learn . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 Do n't bother with this toy unless your dog has no teeth . Our bulldog instantly punctured and destroyed it . Seven bucks down the toilet ! Guess you get what you pay for -- or less in this case .
 This has the potential to be a great toy . There are two squeakers that make two different sounds , and also some crinkly stuffing in part of the dog . However , in less than an hour , my dog was ripping the stuffing out , and that was after I had amputated the chewed up ears and tail . Even though I bought his on sale , these things cost too much to last less than a day .
 THIS TOY DID N'T EVEN LAST 3 MINUTES . HE HAD THE STUFFING OUT IN 10 SECONDS FLAT !
 The price entices you and then you lose any savings on the outrageous shipping charges .
 My corgi had this ripped to shreds in a couple hours . He had fun while he was destroying it , but was generally a waste of money . If you have a strong chewer , this is not a good toy .
 My miniature Poodle loves her Bobo dog , however they do n't last very long , and do a good job of absorbing saliva , so they become very stinky after just a couple of days of play . Better suited for use as a bath accessory than a chew toy I think .
 Ordered over 10 of these cute little loofa dogs expecting to receive color in photo . I was sent PINK & PURPLE ones . Over 6 phone calls to entirely pets and issue still not resolved . Told by J. at ext. 201 Beige colored dogs are back-order to Jan 07 . Was promise size upgrade and overnight shipping which never happened . Try to find at your local pat supply store & save yourself the grief .
 I got this for my 10 year old golden retriever who is not the most active thing around but has her share of biting and chewing on things . She did not like this toy one bit . She pretty much stared at it and ignored it . I also have two cats who like to chew on things . However , they were n't impressed either . Needless to say , this is being returned . It does look pretty sturdy in my opinion . It would be good for a dog who likes to play a little rough once you 've established that he/she likes the toy to begin with .
 Ordered this based on good price and other reviews . Arrived quickly and without issue , for which I was pleased . Packaging and etc. , I have no complaints about . However , the reason I give one star is that this lasted only about 30 minutes . I have a year-old 65lbs Rhodesian Ridgeback , and I happily gave him his new toy to play with while my wife and I ate supper . Within the time it took us to eat , about 30-40 minutes , the toy had been torn in half and stuffing spread across the living room .
 VERY disappointed ... $ 5.99 and gone in a flash . Our pup dismantled this toy in under 10 minutes . Ears and hang hook pulled out and eaten instantly . Large squeaker pulled out of disemboweled toy ... part of it missing and probably ingested . And YES between my husband and myself we WERE watching her . It was just that fast . NOT for a dog with teeth and a beating heart . Cute for putting on a shelf and looking at .
 I bought this for my cavalier after watching the Petsmart commercial . I understand it is not the same toy , but it bears some resemblence . It came in a dreadful yellow color and was not extremely well made . It was a soft , somewhat cottony/furry texture , not loofah ! I could n't tell you if it is durable , because he has n't played with it enough to actually rip it.It contains two squeakers that scare him.My guess is some dogs would like this toy , the shape is pleasing to dogs , I think my dog just did n't like the texture.I reccommend anything by Fat Cat Inc. in place of this toy .
 I personally am not happy at all with this item , very small not the same as pictured -LRB- the one I got is bright yellow , really flimsy -RRB- do n't think it 'll last very long . I 'll keep it , not worth sending back , my Corgi seems to like it ~ but its a bit small even for her , I think it 's life will be short . -LRB- not well made -RRB-
 This is unsafe , fell apart with in 2 days . Do not buy this for your pet . Very sorry I got this .
 no recommendations unless you like wasting money and cleaning up stuffing . Should have boxed up the pieces and returned them
 dog loved it . finished it in 20 minutes . Literally chewed it apart and destroyed it . Do n't get it
 My dog had this product in pieces in less than 5 minutes . Not a good buy
 My dog LOVES this toy , but it does not last long at all . He tore a huge hole in it the first time he played with it . I stitched it back together , but he kept destroying it every time he played with it . I got tired of constantly having to sow it and threw it away after a week . I would not recommend this toy .
 Less than five minutes after I gave my dogs this toy they had stuffing falling out of it . They have a million cheap-o target toys that still squeak and are n't falling apart at the seams but this one just did n't hold up . It 's a waste of money and a pain in the patootie gathering up all the stuffing . Much better luck with those AKC toys -LRB- i.e. , the duck or chipmunk -RRB- .
 I purchased this powerhead with high expectations . I positioned it in my tank , turned it on , and it worked . I wanted to adjust it though , so I unplugged it , moved it to another spot , plugged it back in , and ... nothing . The propeller would not spin no matter how many adjustments I made . This is not a fluke with this one powerhead either . I had the exact same problem with theKORALIA 2 UL 600 gph 4.5 W. Koralia powerheads are not suitable for on and off use . Do n't buy them .
 I purchased this product in June . I absolutely loved it ! Much to my suprise , by December , it was no longer working . Since it has a 2 yr . warranty , I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- Contech -RRB- for a replacement . They were very willing to send a replacement unit . When I received the replacement within the week of my contact , it was not the same procut . They indicated that this particular item had been discontinued -LRB- because of performance issues -RRB- . They could replace the item with the Squirrel stop . I guess that 's fine , except that this item is half the price of the Squirrel Scatter Bird Feeder . They were unwilling to adjust my purchase price -LRB- $ 89 vs $ 45 -RRB- . I do n't think I 'll be purchasing another Contech product . Buyer Beware !
 Worked well for 6 months and then failed . Too expensive for short life span .
 This product , along with Feliway 's diffuser were ordered from Amazon for my cat Phoebe . We have house/pet sat together for extended periods at my parents ' house , but Phoebe is extremely stressed out by their overly friendly pets and does not move from her one ` safe ' spot without growling , hissing and biting.The diffuser came in time for an extra weekend 's petsitting and it actually helped a little bit . She even went into another room where their pets might have been!The next week the spray was finally delivered . I decided to try it at my home in her carrier , where I hoped it would ease her future traveling stress . I gave it two very light squirts and shortly kinda forgot about it . She did not even go into her carrier , so hours later it did n't click at first that it was the Feliway when I noticed her unprecedented non-stop trembling and non-moving from her spot . I did not have the funds to take her to a veterinary hospital on a holiday weekend and was very freaked out , but I kept her as warm as possible , and a few hours later the trembling subsided.I can only guess that this was an allergic reaction . Other reviews have not mentioned anything like this . I will use the diffuser again , but have thrown the spray into the trash.Phoebe has never reacted to anything in either mine or my parents ' house . She is strictly an indoor cat since she has a high risk of cancer on her white nose . Please , if you must try this , check it outside first , or on something that can be removed easily and with open windows if you have an indoor kitty .
 I like the exterior and color but its construction is cheap , if sold for half the price , it would be ok , but definitely not worth $ 60 + shipping I paid for it . I 'm returning it and will try to find something better .
 I have had very little luck with any of my fly traps . They always show bottles just full of bodies . I have bottles with 20 or 30 flies . I will say that this Refill has been no less effective than any of the others I 've used but since I 've had no luck with any of them ... that is n't saying much .
 I do not recommend the Preventic Dog Collar . My schnauzer developed sores all the way around his neck after wearing this collar for 4 weeks . He also developed a limp and weakness in his back legs . My vet was puzzled and after two visits and two series of anti inflammatory meds decided to do blood work and xrays . Four days before that appointment I removed the collar because of the sores that I discovered and ironically the limp and weakness in the legs started to go away .
 Since putting this on my dog , I 've found 2 ticks and one of those was a day or two after putting the collar on . It was dead when i found it . The other tick was dying . Normally in the 6 weeks or so that the collar has been on , I 'd have found at least twenty ticks at this time of the year . Great advice from our vet to get this ! -- After being on my dog for a few months , he became extremely lethargic like he was a very old dog . He also would recover from minor joint or tendon injuring . After removing for a few days , he was like a puppy again . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 I bought this after having Parvo in my home.I tried to cancel the order which could not be done and then once receiving it and reading how harmful it was I donated it to my local Shelter .
 We wanted a tall feeding system because we have a very large dog . Having a large dog means he eats a lot . The bowls that came with this were half the size of the ones we were using . It is just not what we needed .
 After owning this feeder for about two years , I 'm sorry to say that it turned out to be a disappointment . While the height of the stand is perfect for my two dogs , the bowls are way too small , so I have had to place larger bowls that barely fit on top of the existing holes which makes for a very cramped space for two dogs . But the most disappointing thing is that the black plastic has become covered with white crud -LRB- not sure what it is -RRB- around the bowl area . It looks embarrassingly bad and unsanitary , and I am unable to get it off even with a brillo pad . I am now in the market for a new feeder . Maybe the lighter colored one does not have this problem . I can not recommend this feeder .
 I had ordered this food stand for our dogs but when it arrived realized it was just too small for them . I did n't review the dimensions closely and ended up returning it .
 The bowls are the perfect size for my cat and I love the black . My problem is with the `` reversible stainless steel-looking panels '' . First , they look nothing like stainless steel and are hideous . Second , they wo n't stay in place ! The damn things keep sliding down , it 's getting on my nerves . Why do they even bother having them on there ? Why not just have the black plastic piece cover more instead of these stupid wooden things ?
 I would not recommend this item . Just got it a few weeks ago and it is cheaply made of plastic and really does n't work well at all . I tried to cut my yellowing lily pad stems but you ca n't make it cut . I am ordering another brand to try that is made of metal and has good reviews . I wish I had not wasted my money on this .
 Be on alert with this product . I used it on both my cat and my dog and not only did it NOT kill fleas , it caused the hair on both animals to fall out , and the cat version caused my poor little kitty to have burn like marks on his skin . . and a huge patch of hair loss wherever the product had been . Same with my dog ! I 'm not sure what 's in this stuff but I will NEVER buy again , and warn those who think about it .
 I strongly recommend NOT giving this to an inside dog . My best guess is that it has a high level of salt or something that made my dog incredibly thirsty and caused him to drink huge quantities of water . We gave it to him for about 5 days - the second day , he had an accident in the house . Thought it was a fluke , but that night , he woke us up whining to go outside where his water is - drank the whole bowl , and then peed for what seemed like 2 minutes . Then I found another puddle by the family room door . He 'd gone during the night , then again around 5:00 and then went again when we let him out for breakfast around 7:00 . This happened three nights in a row before we switched him back to his old food . 3 days back on the old food and no more restlessness during the night and no more accidents . This is n't a fluke - it was the food that caused this . Just be careful .
 If I could give less than one star , I would . Natural Chemistry De-flea spray for cats says it is natural and safe for cats , but after following the directions , a foster cat had to be taken to the Vet for an allergic reaction , costing over $ 200 . The vet said this is a common occurrence with so called `` natural '' flea sprays , yet there is NOT a warning anywhere on the bottle . It even claims to be safe for `` all cats over 12 weeks , '' it is Non-toxic , `` safe '' -LRB- that 's total crap -RRB- . I had sprayed the cat at about 10pm , following the directions on the bottle and by 10 am the next morning I had to rush her to the vet because she was n't responsive , would n't eat or drink anything , she was laying outside of her bed with her tongue sticking out a bit . I emailed the company yet they failed to respond to my emails . Please think twice before using this product on your cat.Their website is
 I wish I never knew this stuff existed . I 've been having problems with fleas on my kitties for about half a year now and have used and done EVERYTHING . Crying to my mom over the phone she showed up the next day with this stuff . After reading the label and thinking this was a godsend since I can not bathe my cats I was excited to use it and be happy that they would finally be at ease . That was not the case.After applying both my cats started vomiting and shaking . They both stopped eating for over 3 days and I ended up trying to bathe each of them to get the stuff off . I ended up spending over $ 500 at the vet getting them checked out to see if they were okay and why they would n't eat.Ever since I 've used this stuff they 've not been the same . Buzz my biggest boy now constantly shakes and Dixon still has problems eating . This stuff is a nightmare and should be banned from the market .
 Tried this spray on our cat , followed the directions completely , used a shield to keep from getting in her face & eyes.Next day she got very sick , lethargic , would not eat . Took her to the Vet Hospital and she had ulcers all in her mouthand tongue . We were given two types of medicine to use , but if she can not eat we have to have a feeding tube put in.It has cost us $ 300 . so far . I will never again use any chemicals on my pet . This is not a natural product.I hope my cat does not die from this .
 I used this product on 16 week old kittens and it kills the fleas but it made the kittens sick . I do n't think I 'd recommend this product because there are no exact measurements on how much or how little to use . It 's better to just use frontline or somethin that does n't go all over your pet so that there is an accurate dose and so they ca n't lick/ingest it directly .
 Both my cats got sick 2 hours after I used this product on them . -LRB- vomiting , diarrhea , seizing , foaming at the mouth , not eating or drinking for 2 days , hair falling out , etc -RRB- . I followed the directions exactly . I recommend you not use this product on your pet .
 I used this on 1 dog and 3 cats due to a bad flea problem and wanting to avoid harsh chemicals . It did not work . We sprayed tha pets and through the house and are still facing a huge flea problem.The spray made the pets sick and also us . Some fleas did die , but not enough to make a worthwhile difference . Our older dog and cat had additional problems for a few days as they reacted to the spray.I also read the reviews while doing research and only saw one bad review , so I thought it would work . Due to the poor performance I wrote this review to help others to make their decisions .
 This was advertised to me as natural and safe to use on my cats . The instructions actually say to `` Spray the entire animal ... spray until entire coat is damp . '' I gave my cat one spritz to try it . As soon as she licked herself -LRB- like every wet cat will do -RRB- she began instantly foaming at the mouth to a pretty extreme extent . It was pretty scary . Even after she calmed down , another lick made it start right back up . I had to quickly run her into the shower to wash this stuff out of her coat . The instructions say not to apply to the pet 's nose or mouth , but when it also says `` spray until entire coat is damp '' of course the cat will lick itself . Scary stuff . It may be fine for their bedding and everything else , but I wo n't ever spray this directly on my cats again .
 I used this spray on my cat , a healthy 3 year old . He got very sick , retching and grinding his teeth , not eating or drinking for days . When I called the company -LRB- 800 # on the back of the bottle -RRB- they told me that many cats are getting sick from it and that the product is being recalled . They offered to pay my vet bill if I had to take my cat in , and they did ! Over $ 300 because I took him to an animal hospital when he could no longer keep down water . The check arrived a few days later . Apparently paying for damages is equivalent to legally admitting fault . The Natural Chemistry people told me that there is nothing poisonous in the product , but there is an ingredient , dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate undecyclenic acid , that is very acidic and if ingested can cause ulcers inside the mouth and throat . The vet could n't do much for him except help him to stay hydrated , and give medicine to coat his throat so it would be less painful . My cat is fine now but it took him over a week to recover . He still has fleas , and I 've been to several stores to buy other products , and De Flea is still on the shelves ! I think we get seduced by the idea that something is `` natural '' , but there are lots of natural things that can be very harmful . The responsible thing for Natural Chemistry to do is to remove the product from stores , but it seems they have not done so .
 As others indicated , this product can have negative consequences for cats . I have two , and I thought this sounded like an ideal solution instead of the powder I have always used . I sprayed a little of it on my cats and worked it in around their necks . I did NOT do the full body treatment ... thank goodness!One of the cats was fine , but the other did what cats do - she worked hard to lick it off . Unfortunately , it did not agree with her . She became lethargic for several days and even lost her voice for almost a week . I cringe to think of what would have happened to her if I had sprayed her entire body . She still will not go near her previous hidey-spots that I sprayed , which I think says it all.I will not have this product in my house again .
 Disgusting smell !! Now my cat and hands smell like vomit ! I also bought the De Flea shampoo . It too has the same odor but not as strong . As to whether or not it works in spite of the smell ... . No , not really unless you comb out the fleas with a flea comb then spray the spray directly on them while over a sink where you can wash them down the drain immediately afterwards ... . At least that 's the only way it 's worked for us so far .
 It is truly unfortunate that I can not give this product a negative rating . Looking for a way to save money , we tried to nix the expensive advantage and frontline options in lieu of this `` natural '' spray.In short , this has been the most traumatizing purchase I have ever made . My dog vomited immediately after application and had a painful and itchy skin reaction to it . Our cat also immediately vomited and with more quantity and more violence than I have EVER seen him do so before . The next day when we thought he was returning to normal he began FOAMING AT THE MOUTH . An $ 11 spray is turning into hundreds of dollars in vet bills , way more than we would have paid for the regular advantage or frontline prescription . That 'll teach us to try to save a few dollars on our animals ' care!It really should have been a tip off that this product was not anywhere near natural with the listing of the chemicals on the front , the warning to keep away from children and the caution to not put down drains and to call solid waste agencies to dispose of it . This product is in no way safe , NOR IS IT EFFECTIVE . *** Our animals are still infested , only now they 're sick too . *** There is no question in my mind that this product should be recalled .
 We bought this product because our dog was infested with fleas , and we still had to wait to give him Frontline for this month . We sprayed his whole body and I massaged it in as recommended . Well , it did n't work . The next day he was an infested as before . And I think he had some sort of allergic reaction to it
 Like some of the other reviewers , our poor little cats began foaming at the mouth intensely almost immediately after they licked themselves -LRB- One is about 8 months old , the other about 4 years old -RRB- . It is very concerning that the product instructions indicate that it is best to completely saturate your animal , yet almost instantly our animals had a severe reaction . After about 5 minutes they were fine and their behavior never changed , but it was extremely frightening to see them with white foam all over their mouths . Do not spray this product on your pets !!! It does kill adult fleas on contact -LRB- so I suppose if you want to spray your furniture or carpet then it might be ok-although it still makes me weary to have it in my home after this incident -RRB- . Keep your babies safe and do not spray this product on them or anywhere near them !!!!
 This product left my dog 's fur feeling thick and greasy . It killed the fleas when sprayed directly on them but the next day he was covered in them again . I again bathed him and sprayed with this product , the next day he was thoroughly infested with fleas . We had sprayed his bedding , our carpets and couches but the product never made the flea situation any better . I would not buy this product again .
 I should have asked my family to buy and or look at these products in the pet store , but they were n't home ... since I am disabled and ca n't go out -- I rely on amazon and reviews.I should have double checked first before springing for this obvious chemical spray . there 's a LOT of warning labels on proper disposals and calling waste management . if this WERE a true natural product , why the warning labels?I am disappointed by this `` natural '' spray . I wo n't buy this stuff ever again.oh worst part is , the packages kept leaking like crazy , making it all the more difficult to use . if I want a more natural product , I am going to do some more thorough research next time out . I wo n't be killing my babies with chemicals .
 This product is terrible ! After spraying my cat with it , he started acting weird the next day and many weeks after.From sleeping in his litter box , Not able to look straight , and we couldnt get him to eat or drink.His weight got down to a scary appearence and his fur was coming out.We are very tight on money and thought this stuff would be good ... very bad idea . Luckily my kitty is ok and his weight is up now . . but his beautiful long fur has turned into this scruffy short hair ... Dont buy this product .
 This stuff works for a week and then watch out !!!!! Your dog will have flea 's and tick really bad .
 Title says it all . The hat is the right size , but the elastic band chokes my dog and makes it unwearable , even on its biggest setting . Terrible .
 I have what i consider a small dog , but this is for like a toy size . The strap was way too tight . I really do n't see how this could fit on any dog without chocking them .
 Very ill fitting and way too small for the mutt ! Other articles that I have bought for him have been size small , -LRB- collars , clothes , etc -RRB- and they fit . Maybe I read the dimensions wrong . Win a few and lose a few ... lose a few ... lose a few .
 I have been all over your web page and have been trying to purchase two 24 cartons of Mighty Dog Gourmet Food and have been very unsuccessful . What do I have to do to purchase these items ? The web page indicates two new , but I only want the one as a double order .
 I do n't know quite why I bought these . My poor dog HATED them , and barely kept one on for a couple of seconds . If you want to preserve your floors , do n't get a dog , but if you already have a dog , do n't waste your time or money on these .
 It is a pretty heavy perch , the washers should have been bigger to help distribute the weight across the cage wires .
 I thought these perches were a brilliant idea at first . My cockatiels loved them.Two days ago we woke to find a very healthy 10 month old cockatiel dead , face down on the bottom of the cage . There was no signs as to what had killed her . We were naturally devastated . I had gone over in my mind repeatedly what could have killed her as the night prior she had been her usual chirpy cheeky cocky self . But last night was to reveal exactly what had happened to herLast night just before I went to bed I was watching my cockatiels who had just paired up and before my eyes what killed my first cockatiel repeated itself . Both birds were very healthy , lively characters . The cock was perched on the pedi perch to roost . He shifted slightly on the pedi perch , lost his footing , gave a squawk of fright and in shock plunged to his death . 10 minutes later he died from his fall . His mate who had witnessed the first plunge -LSB- unknown to us -RSB- also died from the shock of seeing a second cockatiel die in the same manner.If I could give a negative 5 star on this product I would.I have spoken to our local pet shop about what has happened and he is now sending all pedi perches back and is no longer stocking themBeware ! I lost 3 very healthy birds in 2 nights through this perch
 I bought this product with high hopes , but have been let down . While there are some bad things about this litter , there are more pros than cons . The litter sticks to the urine so you do n't have to worry about a mushy mess as you do with Feline Pine , and everything comes out easily . I love that you can flush it , but what I can not stand . . Is the - smell - . Straight out of the bag it smells like a week old turkey sandwich on nauseating sweet-scented wheat bread . Seriously . Sure , you do n't smell urine and poop because you smell this sick scent that is sweet and like yeast . I would LOVE this litter if it did n't smell so bad ! It 's not a dirty box smell or can urine/feces smell . It 's the normal scent of the litter that makes me gag every time I walk past the litter box . If the smell of Feline Pine was combined with how wonderful this litter works it would be perfect . It 's just a shame it smells so gross right out of the bag . I definitely do n't want my house smelling like old food when company comes over .
 Not only dose it stink , like rot/mold/old beer/vomit , it also is n't flush-able like they claim.I have had to plunge my toilet 3 times this week and I only started using the litter about a week ago . -LRB- I have not had to plunge my toilet for over two years until I started flushing this stuff . -RRB- I truly do n't believe its plumbing friendly and I will not flush it anymore.I 'm just waiting for another two weeks and throwing it all out and return the second bag.I have had to leave the lid of the litter box each day for a few hours near the window , to let the litter fumes out , I hope my cats forgive me for putting them through this stench.The litter is : Very expensive comparably.It claims thing that are UNTRUE such as : It 's flush-able . -LRB- ... it should `` Only flush if you want to destroy your plumbing '' -RRB- Odor control . -LRB- ... it should say `` Odor is out of control '' -RRB- It might be more cat friendly then other litters , but they do lie about other things so who know ... . side note , a lot of these positive reviews seem fake
 This has to be the worst litter ever . Not only does it reek , it clumps horribly and it 's a pain to flush . So far the best luck I 've had with litter has been with crystal based litters . No smell . Which is more important to me than the clumping .
 I was very hopeful about this cat litter because I know the clumping kind is not good for my or my cats respiratory system . Boy was I Disappointed !!!! Not only does it not control odor but it does not even remotely clump . My entire apartment smelled like a toilet ! I would go to clean the box and the `` clump '' would completely disintegrate . I have worked in shelters and pet stores and have used many different types of cat litter but this is by far the worst I have ever tried !
 I bought this litter with high hopes of odor control and was severely disappointed ! I own three cats and depend on odor control . I had to switch back to Cat Attract which is awesome with odor control . The worlds best cat litter was easier to come by but after a few days it smelled of vomit and had to go ! I do n't recommend this Item at all !
 The ingredients are written in a language that I can not read , therefore I can not not rate it . If there is an English version , please advise .
 This seems like a fun idea for you and your dog , but in reality it does n't work . My dog was bored with it in about two seconds , and doing it without treats only confused him .
 My dog -LRB- a 4 lb yorkie -RRB- did n't really `` get '' this toy . I taught her to pick up the bells by the handle , but she never caught on to guess where the ball is ... . She much more prefers squeaky toys and playing catch and tug-of-war . Cute idea , just not sure how many dogs really would like it . -LRB- I 'm happy for those who have a dog that does , though . : -RRB-
 I bought this thing after a recommendation from a pet store rep. My dog hardly touched the stuff , and then I looked at the ingredients
 This could be a good dog food - but if the dog wo n't eat it , it does not help . They wo n't eat any other dog food either . I just thought this would be different . NOT !
 I received a a Crazy Paw Puppet shaped as a squirrel instead of the pictured hippo . The item is not a real puppet which is what I initially wanted -LRB- similar to the bite-meez puppet toys -RRB- so I was a little disappointed as well . Either way , my Shiba Inu was delighted to play with the new toy . She was able to rip open a seam within 10 minutes of intense play . I would not buy this product again .
 as another person mentioned , this casme with a tennis ball attached rather than the bone . My lab was tugging on the toy the first day it arrived and I heard a loud ` pop ' . I looked and realized the tennis ball had exploded/imploded in my dog 's mouth . While teh dog was not hurt , it was disappointing that the ball lasted less than 1 hour . Over all the toy lasted less than 1 month before I had to toss it out because the rope was frayed . -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- I would not get this again .
 Disappointed that it was n't a puppet toy like the name says . We got a large rabbit shaped toy that was to big for our dachshund , but we were able to give it my parents lab who seemed to enjoy it .
 I ordered this product thinking that I was getting the item showed in the picture . Instead I received a leopard type puppet . I would think that if you order an item you should receive what is pictured . It was n't stated in the description that it would be a random toy.I can still use the product but I would of preferred the green puppet . I would of rathered had the one listed because it is n't furry . Which one the main reason I selected this item to begin with . I will not order from this group again . : -LRB-
 Pros
 I fell for this cat litter 's `` marketing ploys '' and it is the most disgusting smelling cat litter EVER . It does not work in the slightest bit . I usually use World 's Best and I wanted to try this because it supposedly had odor control . NOT !! -LRB- I use nature 's miracle and this stuff is nothing like it at all -RRB- it supposedly lasts . NOT !! After ONE DAY the litter smelled like disgusting cat pee ammonia and disgusting fake pine smell . The smell was so attrocious that I actually had to stop using it , waste 3/4 bag and go back to `` world 's best '' which is hands down the best cat litter I 've ever used . I 'm going to try the green tea leaves one next , but it better be better than world 's best or i 'm not switching .
 The product advertised is the `` old '' , original litter . It has bigger granules and is pine scented . However , that is not what I received . -LRB- I received the `` new '' nature 's miracle -RRB- . Seller needs to update description and picture .
 This product looked beautiful and had great reviews when I was in desperate need of a special place to keep my cats ashes . I bought it with expedited shipping and received it 2 days after I 'd already gotten my cat 's ashes back . The entire base was cracked in half which I had to glue back together , and the sockets for the screws were completely chipped apart . the screws would n't go back into them and I had to glue the entire piece closed . It says it holds 3 x 5 photos so I had some made of my cat , and they were much to large and I ended up having to cut part of them off . Overall , I 'm very disappointed in this product . Had it arrived on time , and in good condition I would give it 5 stars , because it is a beautiful piece , but sadly I would n't ever purchase another again .
 The top of the wood was broken when it came out of the box . Cheap and poorly made product . Normally I would have returned it but we had picked up my dogs ashes and I did n't want them sitting around in a plastic bag . I glued this together but its still visible where the wood was cracked . It also has the ends of 2 nails sticking up inside in the bottom . Very unhappy with this purchase . I realize stuff can get damaged during shipping but this was a box inside a bigger box with padding . I 'm pretty sure it was broke right out of the store.Classic Products Keepsake Pet Memorial Display , Medium Rotating 5 '' x 8 '' , Mahogany
 We ordered and received -LRB- 2 -RRB- identical Pet memorial display photo boxes and both were received Damaged inside the Manufacterers box . Same problem - Both had partially crushed , broken wood at the edge or corner of the box . Appears to be damage prior to shipment as both outer boxes were not damaged . Returned both . Will have to buy something else as we are not willing to try a 3rd time on this item . The 2nd unit had an additional problem in that it 's base was warped-uneven so it would have been returned even without the broken top corner . Too bad they do n't inspect them before they are shipped . Nice to look at but not worth the trouble .
 Bought this based on reviews for my toy destroying Boston Terrors . Unfortuntely this did not work for me , they chewed through the rubber within minutes of me tearing off the tag . I will be sticking with kongs and gohnuts .
 Bought this based on reviews for my toy destroying Boston Terrors . Unfortuntely this did not work for me , they chewed through the rubber within minutes of me tearing off the tag . I will be sticking with kongs and gohnuts .
 I bought this thing after a recommendation from a pet store rep. My dog hardly touched the stuff , and then I looked at the ingredients
 The nerve of some companies to charge $ 50 a bag for a product chock full of by-products and corn . This food is on the same nutritional level as the Pedigrees of the world which you can get at the local supermarket . If you 're on a budget and want to feed your dog a healthier diet , check out Blue Buffalo at Petco , Kirkland 's Signature at Costco , Chicken Soup for the Pet Lover 's Soul and Taste of the Wild online and pet food oriented stores like Pet Food Direct . You owe it to your pets to keep them healthy and you can save money while doing it !
 I bought this thing after a recommendation from a pet store rep. My dog hardly touched the stuff , and then I looked at the ingredients
 The nerve of some companies to charge $ 50 a bag for a product chock full of by-products and corn . This food is on the same nutritional level as the Pedigrees of the world which you can get at the local supermarket . If you 're on a budget and want to feed your dog a healthier diet , check out Blue Buffalo at Petco , Kirkland 's Signature at Costco , Chicken Soup for the Pet Lover 's Soul and Taste of the Wild online and pet food oriented stores like Pet Food Direct . You owe it to your pets to keep them healthy and you can save money while doing it !
 Bought this based on reviews for my toy destroying Boston Terrors . Unfortuntely this did not work for me , they chewed through the rubber within minutes of me tearing off the tag . I will be sticking with kongs and gohnuts .
 I bought this product two years ago . It worked great the first year and kept the fish alive . The second year it shorted out the outlet cutting the power off which I did n't catch until it was too late . I thought at first it was the outdoor lighting around the pond , but a week ago I took the lights out and put only the pond heater in figuring it would work . It turns out every time I plugged it in it would short out and cut off the electrical . I 'm now in the market for a new pond heater . It was a shame to see those fish floating at the end of winter last year ...
 I bought and used this item in my 370 gallon pond 4 months out of a year and it worked great , but the second year of use it did not work , I did nothing different from the first to the second year and handled and put it away in it original box during storage.I did the direction thing about putting it in a freezer to reset a thermostat , which it did work for a short time but froze itself in the pond ice , so unless you like spending money annually for a fairly decent deicer when it works or did work is up to you.Myself i am trying something else and hopefully lasting for more than a year .
 I was not quite sure to expect , so maybe my expectations were different from what should have been , but this product does not really open much of a space on the surface , it barely is an inch larger than the product itself . I am told it is plenty to keep the fish healthy and safe , but I am skeptical . I am careful to keep the waterfall fully operational and the fish seem okay .
 I guess surrounding an item that heats up in plastic is not such a great idea . Should have known . Purchase an Allied brand . Mine has lasted for years .
 It melted through the plastic so I contacted Farm Innovators and they traded it out with another one . Actually , he told me they 'd never had this happen before . -LRB- ?? -RRB- The new one also melted the plastic on the bottom of the heater but not right away . I was able to use it for about a month and a half which considering the price is really bad . Plus I was afraid the exposed wires could harm my fish . I thought about returning it again but if they are all just going to melt why bother . I ended up going to the local feed store and got a floating tank heater for $ 14.00 which works great .
 I have to agree with everyone else who has written a review -- it works great for one season and then fails to work the second . I have owned two of these units . The first worked for a winter , then stopped working . I sent it back and the company sent me a new one . I used the second one last winter and it was fine . I plugged it in today -LRB- it 's 20 degrees today and I NEED it to work -RRB- and it shorted out . So now I 'm looking for another heater and , trust me , I wo n't be buying another one of these !
 I bought this unit as it was exactly what I needed for my pond . It worked great the first year . Luckily I was able to have Farm Innovators replace it under warranty as it was just within the 1 year period . Again , same thing , the replacement unit worked great the first year but some how got water in it -LRB- like the first one -RRB- , now it melted through the bottom of the unit and is useless . I did not submerge the unit as it floats on top of the water but it appears that the seal around the plug cord going into the unit is poor and lets water seep in ... luckily I have a small pump circulating the water that keeps a small opening in the ice so the fish are still swimming . I have to look for different unit for the real cold weather , what a disappointment .
 I have a 1500 gallon koi pond next to my house . I used this heater the first year for about 4-5 months with no problems . The second year , the heating element inside melted through the plastic and allowed water to fill the inside making it sink to the bottom of the pond .
 I did n't buy this product on Amazon but rather through another vendor . Although it kept the ice away , when I checked it a few weeks after putting it in my pond I noticed a hole on the bottom . The heating mechanism had burned right through the plastic . The vendor sent me a free replacement but the same problem occurred less than a month later . Look elsewhere for a pond heater .
 I bought this to prevent my koi pond from freezing over totally . I followed directions to the T and it did work for a couple of weeks and then I noticed it was floating funny . It had burned a hole from the inside - out on the bottom , and now I dont ' know if my fish will be electrocuted if I use it again .
 Have had since October ,2009 , here in Pittsburgh . In a 100 gallon pond , no ice whatsoever even after a week of 5 degree nights . So far so good.Update
 Not so sure this is great stuff . I gave it to my 9 year old arthritic Leonberger , and it made her sleepy and VERY grouchy . She did n't even want to take it and I gave it to her anyway . Normally I give her a potato bread sandwich with Glucosamine , Chondroitin , MSM , Vitamin C , Turmeric and blackstrap molasses , which she loves and which quite obviously helps her feel lots better and quite perky . I only gave her this because I was running late and did n't have time to make her sandwich . I 'll put it in the First Aid Kit , but we wo n't be using it every day .
 We have a stray Black Lab that has adopted us , and the poor thing has arthritis something terrible . We bought the hip and joint &#34; pills &#34; that she loves . We thought that this would be a good supplement as well . Problem is , we ca n't get her to eat them ! She spits them out almost immediately . We have tried mixing it in with other treats as well as with her regular food . No go . She eats around them like they are kryptonite . I smelled them , and if I was a hungry dog , I would have to stay hungry . Sorry &#34; Vets Best &#34; ... I ca n't say that this is a wonderful product if I ca n't get a stray lab to eat them ! Maybe it is the white willow bark or the pineapple bromelain flavor . -LRB- If you have them in chicken liver , I will trade you !! -RRB-
 Thought this was an alternative to aspirin only to find out its more of an arthritis supplement . Dog hates taking it , its a big pill and have to crush it up and hide it in something . Would not buy this product again .
 My pointer is lame due to a fractured growth plate that was n't repaired when she was a pup . Because Best Friends discontinued Advanced Joint Support , I have been trying other products . A single Vet 's Best pill in the morning is n't working for my 46 lb pointer . She has n't limped in the two years I 've had her ... until I ran out of Best Friends ' product and started her on this . I will try a higher dose .
 Salacin was the original precursor to aspirin , aspirin itself was developed to avoid the stomach irritation effects of Salacin . Including stomach bleeding . The dose here is probably too low to hurt , but people should know that willow bark preparations are not safer than aspirin .
 My dogs love these treats , and I do buy them occasionally because they are cheap and perched at the check-out counter of our local garden/feed store . But check out the ingredient list -- I do n't think anyone can feel good about feeding their dog high-fructose corn syrup ! Just not the healthiest option -- when so many of our dogs are overweight , it seems better to feed them a real liver treat , versus this product which is `` made with liver '' . My dogs absolutely lovePro-Treat Beef Liver , Freeze Dried 14 Ounce -LRB- the larger size packages are more economical -RRB- . I just feel a lot better about feeding real freeze-dried liver that does n't have all the extra junk in Bil-Jac liver treats.Specifically , these treats have chicken `` by-products '' -- that means liquid slaughterhouse run-off and other non-human grade leftovers from the slaughterhouse . UGH ! Bil-Jac also includes three preservatives , glycerin -LRB- ?! -RRB- , and the corn syrup . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Here 's the ingredient list for Bil-Jac liver treats , so you can make your own decision : Liver , Chicken By-Products , Chicken By-Product Meal , Corn , Chicken Fat , Glycerin , High Fructose Corn Syrup , Propylene Glycol , Wheat Flour , Phosphoric Acid , Salt , Sodium Propionate and Potassium Sorbate and BHA and Citric Acid -LRB- Preservatives -RRB- , Iron Oxide .
 I received this item in poor condition . The jars where taped shut because the seal was broken and the contents where spoiled , partially white like mold and smelled bad . I have purchased Dragon Bites in another store over the years and it never looked like this . The sticker on the bottom told me that the items were expired . I was quickly sent a replacement for these 3 items , but they were in the exact same condition . I requested a refund , but have not heard from them .
 I bought this because out of all the Amazon aquarium thermometer reviews it was the only one that had a few `` decent '' remarks and was worth a gamble at the low price . Unfortunately it did not work on my tank at all which may mean that it does n't get a good reading on glass or simply that it 's just very cheaply made . Also the thermometer i received did not look like the one in the photo except the part that even after being left on the tank undisturbed for several days 3 temperatures continued to stay colored therefore you never knew what the actual temperature really was.I would not recommend this aquarium thermometer or buy it again .
 -LRB- A -RRB- Looks different than the picture , which would n't have been that big of a deal if it worked . The one pictured goes up to 84 degrees -LRB- B -RRB- The one I received only goes up to 82 degrees . My tank is warmer than that so thermometer is solid black and not showing any numbers .
 I purchased this product from Amazon.com in June . Unfortunately I did n't remember where I had gotten them . I had used these in the pasted for my other dogs and they were great . These are terrible . They do n't snap open and they do n't clean the eye area at all . I would never buy them from Amazon again .
 I have leopard geckos , and if your pet is anything like my two , the rule is this
 Well If your gecko will eat them you can use them with the proper diet of live insects and in some cases insects and fruits .
 Small is supposed to fit a dog/puppy 10-12 &#34; from collar to tail ... NOT ! The sweater measures close to ten inches from end to end and between the leg holes it is three inches . Based on measurements of 10-12 it should have fit my pup but the diameter is way small ... only if you pup/dog is very small , do n't order this sweater . It 's cute but size wise it is a let down .
 The temp indicated on this thermometer is way off . I think I will stick with submersible thermometers so I know exactly how warm my tanks are . Some of my fish require a very specific temperataure . This thermometer did n't cut it .
 My dachshund had the nose off this 4.5 '' jolly pet in under ten minutes . She really liked it , but had quickly chewed small pieces of plastic off so I threw it away before she could eat them.This toy had no scent as far as I could tell.I wo n't buy it again , I do n't feel it is safe for my dog .
 I was optimistic after reading the other reviews , but wish I had not ordered this toy . My 3 labs LOVE to chew , and this squirrelJolly Pet 4.5 '' Vanilla Scented Jolly Critter Squirrel Orangedid not last more than an hour with them . It was wonderful for fetch and for them to play keep away and tug together , but the moment one of them settled in , pieces started coming off . Every dog is different , so maybe it will work for yours .
 First of all , the sizing was off . These were too large for a medium . Secondly , one velcro strip does not keep the boot on at all . Thirdly , when I tried to return the boots , the company would not issue a refund as I did not save the cardboard header to the plastic packaging .
 After receiving our package a week later than expected we put the booties on and took our dog for a walk around the block in the snow when we got home there were already holes starting in the fabric . Very disappointed !
 THE TEST SUBJECT
 I put these on my Lab and they came off while walking from the livingroom to the kitchen . I thought that they would also provide some traction but the bottoms are plastic like material . . I am returning them .
 I bought these booties for my dog . We go on three walks a day -- she is all white , so on rainy or snowy days , her fur tends to get really dirty which results in my having to wash her paws before I let her in the house . I 've bought other booties before -- Muttluks which only lasted 4 months , and Ultra Paws TrActions which lasted a little longer , 8 months , but did n't cover up her leg as far as I would have liked -- literally only covered her paws.These booties , on the other hand , are downright HORRIBLE . It was a rainy day the day I got these in the mail , and I thought it was perfect to give them a try . I put them on her , which was pretty easy . That 's a plus . But only 10-15 minutes into our walk , the tips of the booties started to tear . I brought her back home immediately , and her paws were already soaking wet from the holes . It was completely a waste of money -- not even good for one full walk.The other thing I noticed about these booties was that the bottom material really has zero traction . Asa matter of fact , it 's extremely slippery so they really would n't be the least bit ideal for the winter time.I recomment NOT buying this if you 're looking for something that 's actually function .
 Even though these are the smallest size available , they are still too big for our teacup yorkie -LRB- 3 1/2 lbs -RRB- . They are also too stiff , they remind me of kids waterproof mittens that do n't bend well & make it impossible for them to pick any thing up ... basically they slip off our dog or she pulls them off . Maybe if the fabric material on the top of the boots was longer & narrower around the top like a big tube sock they would stay on better.Would not recommend . Any dog who 's feet are small enough to fit inside this boot will have too narrow of legs for them to stay on
 These boots seem to be well made , however , they would not stay on my dachshund 's feet as they would not secure properly with the Velcro fasteners . I think they would work better on a dog with long legs so that the Velcro fastener would fit further up on the leg .
 I purchased the dog boots for our Doberman because we needed something to cover his paw to prevent him from licking on it for a period of time . The boots do not last , and barely made a week . We do not live in a cold climate where the weather is harsh . The surface the dog was on had grass and a driveway , so the product did not undergo any hard surfaces for an extended period of time . Then I noticed the product is made in China . Enough said . Are there any American products out there for dogs anymore ? These boots were not worth the price and do not hold up to the job they were manufactured for . Final opinion - FAIL !
 I bought these for my dog since she had allergies to grass . They tore open her skin in several several spots . The inseam is on the inside and very bulky for such little boots . You have to strap them tight or they will come right off . But if you strap tight , it rubs on feet . My dog had spots where skin started coming off . Not good at all
 These boots are way too wide and very stiff . Contacted seller and received no response .
 They did n't fit my 5lb toy poodle . Im not sure it they were too big but they flew off as soon as he started running around . They are very stiff and did n't seem comfortable . They were very nice looking tho .
 I ordered these boots on January 11 and received them about on January 18 . It is now February 2 and the boots have completely fallen apart . Two weeks old and they look like a hobo has been wearing them for years.I bought these because it has been a wet , muddy winter and even wiping and drying our dog 's feet was not enough to keep mud off our light carpet . These boots were wonderful for the first week . He could go out in the wet yard and still have perfectly clean feet while running around the house and jumping on the bed . Then holes started to appear in the thin soles , two of the plastic rings that hold the velcro straps in place broke and had to be duck taped back together so the boot could be fastened , and finally one boot completely split in half at the front seam.Our dog does not like winter weather , he goes out for a few minutes and wants back in , so this is n't a case of excessive wear . While he was n't exactly thrilled by the boots , he left them alone and did n't chew or pull on them . They were rinsed off and hung to dry after each use . While I could accept having to replace them after several months , there is no reason I should have to do so after only two weeks . This is definitely a matter of poor quality and construction.These boots may be fine for occasional use , but I would not recommend them to anyone whose dog needs to wear them on a frequent or daily basis .
 cant evaluate because i ordered the wrong size . my dog needed xxs so these were to large . returned them due to my error
 doesnt work worth anything and loses suction within a half hour . just spurts dirty water back into pond . bag comes off within seconds and spreads muck everywhere . plus adding lots of chlorinated water into pond . terrible design . do n't waste the twenty odd bucks !
 It would be great if I could figure out how it worked . Or maybe it just does n't work . I email seller and no respond . Still waiting to see if he has the answer . I love the idea of the pond vac and since I only have a small one to take care of this would be great but so far nothing happening .
 After reading the other reviews I thought I would order this to see if it would work on my pond . Quick answer no it did not . Great concept . It uses a reverse flow to direct the water backward away from nozzel and hence creates suction . I thought I would be able to fill the pond and clean at the same time . Problem is that the collect net is directly in the water flows path . As the muck gets vacuumed up into the net it -LRB- the muck -RRB- gets caught in the net . However , one the net is all filled up with muck the pressure increases on the net and it breaks away from the vacuum . This would be okay if there was a lot of muck but its only enough to barely cover the screen/net . I tried for two days to get it to work . Used lots of patience but no luck . I wish it did work but now have to find another muck solution .
 It 's made of very cheap plastic , joints were glued together crooked , bag comes off during use , and after little use the seams of bag started to fray . The bag was also too small and the mesh did nothing to screen out fine particles . Definitely NOT worth $ 20 .
 Please , do n't waste your money buying this junk . It 's a good idea , but the tubing is so flimsy and cheap that it broke before I ever even had a chance to put the vacuum in the water !
 After using this equipment , I 'd suggest that others spend a little more money and skip buying this . The construction is just too flimsy and the vacuum is kinda lame . On my initial use , the small vacuum bag immediately clogged with fine algae , rendering the vacuum completely useless . This might be overcome if you attached a much larger vacuum bag . I have n't tried that yet , nor do I know where I 'd get something usable as a larger replacement . Anyway , the handles/poles that this thing uses are just cheap plastic and it would n't take much to crack them . So far , the best thing in the pack is the brush , but attaching it to a hose is useless . There 's almost no ` power ' to be used as a power brush ... and I have excellent water pressure . The water just trickles out of the brush head . It 's much more efficient to use the brush while not attached to a hose , and definitely not attached to the extension -LRB- which means you better have a semi-shallow pond , and be prepared to reach your arms into the water . -RRB- . Anyway , I wish I would have put the money spent on this towards a more robust solution .
 This vac is ok for light duty only . I have a small pond and wanted a small vac to clean up the occasional leaves or light debris which windy weather can bring . . The bag has a tendency to fall off when filed more than 30 % . The pole can not withstand weight either . The brush attachment does work well to scrub sides of dirt/light build up . Would invest in heavy duty model vacuum if your pond is of any significant size . This vac is serviceable for small ponds and fountains .
 First of all , the sizing was off . These were too large for a medium . Secondly , one velcro strip does not keep the boot on at all . Thirdly , when I tried to return the boots , the company would not issue a refund as I did not save the cardboard header to the plastic packaging .
 After receiving our package a week later than expected we put the booties on and took our dog for a walk around the block in the snow when we got home there were already holes starting in the fabric . Very disappointed !
 THE TEST SUBJECT
 I put these on my Lab and they came off while walking from the livingroom to the kitchen . I thought that they would also provide some traction but the bottoms are plastic like material . . I am returning them .
 I bought these booties for my dog . We go on three walks a day -- she is all white , so on rainy or snowy days , her fur tends to get really dirty which results in my having to wash her paws before I let her in the house . I 've bought other booties before -- Muttluks which only lasted 4 months , and Ultra Paws TrActions which lasted a little longer , 8 months , but did n't cover up her leg as far as I would have liked -- literally only covered her paws.These booties , on the other hand , are downright HORRIBLE . It was a rainy day the day I got these in the mail , and I thought it was perfect to give them a try . I put them on her , which was pretty easy . That 's a plus . But only 10-15 minutes into our walk , the tips of the booties started to tear . I brought her back home immediately , and her paws were already soaking wet from the holes . It was completely a waste of money -- not even good for one full walk.The other thing I noticed about these booties was that the bottom material really has zero traction . Asa matter of fact , it 's extremely slippery so they really would n't be the least bit ideal for the winter time.I recomment NOT buying this if you 're looking for something that 's actually function .
 Even though these are the smallest size available , they are still too big for our teacup yorkie -LRB- 3 1/2 lbs -RRB- . They are also too stiff , they remind me of kids waterproof mittens that do n't bend well & make it impossible for them to pick any thing up ... basically they slip off our dog or she pulls them off . Maybe if the fabric material on the top of the boots was longer & narrower around the top like a big tube sock they would stay on better.Would not recommend . Any dog who 's feet are small enough to fit inside this boot will have too narrow of legs for them to stay on
 These boots seem to be well made , however , they would not stay on my dachshund 's feet as they would not secure properly with the Velcro fasteners . I think they would work better on a dog with long legs so that the Velcro fastener would fit further up on the leg .
 I purchased the dog boots for our Doberman because we needed something to cover his paw to prevent him from licking on it for a period of time . The boots do not last , and barely made a week . We do not live in a cold climate where the weather is harsh . The surface the dog was on had grass and a driveway , so the product did not undergo any hard surfaces for an extended period of time . Then I noticed the product is made in China . Enough said . Are there any American products out there for dogs anymore ? These boots were not worth the price and do not hold up to the job they were manufactured for . Final opinion - FAIL !
 I bought these for my dog since she had allergies to grass . They tore open her skin in several several spots . The inseam is on the inside and very bulky for such little boots . You have to strap them tight or they will come right off . But if you strap tight , it rubs on feet . My dog had spots where skin started coming off . Not good at all
 These boots are way too wide and very stiff . Contacted seller and received no response .
 They did n't fit my 5lb toy poodle . Im not sure it they were too big but they flew off as soon as he started running around . They are very stiff and did n't seem comfortable . They were very nice looking tho .
 I ordered these boots on January 11 and received them about on January 18 . It is now February 2 and the boots have completely fallen apart . Two weeks old and they look like a hobo has been wearing them for years.I bought these because it has been a wet , muddy winter and even wiping and drying our dog 's feet was not enough to keep mud off our light carpet . These boots were wonderful for the first week . He could go out in the wet yard and still have perfectly clean feet while running around the house and jumping on the bed . Then holes started to appear in the thin soles , two of the plastic rings that hold the velcro straps in place broke and had to be duck taped back together so the boot could be fastened , and finally one boot completely split in half at the front seam.Our dog does not like winter weather , he goes out for a few minutes and wants back in , so this is n't a case of excessive wear . While he was n't exactly thrilled by the boots , he left them alone and did n't chew or pull on them . They were rinsed off and hung to dry after each use . While I could accept having to replace them after several months , there is no reason I should have to do so after only two weeks . This is definitely a matter of poor quality and construction.These boots may be fine for occasional use , but I would not recommend them to anyone whose dog needs to wear them on a frequent or daily basis .
 cant evaluate because i ordered the wrong size . my dog needed xxs so these were to large . returned them due to my error
 I bought this for my juvenile Chameleon thinking it was a great idea . It is a great idea , IDEA that is . This product is just some cheap plastic tubing you can find at home depot for $ 1 , with some very low quality plastic leaves wrapped around it , which is also very poorly put together . Save yourself some money and either do n't buy this or make your own for 1/4 of the price .
 It served its purpose well for a few months , then the green traction material began ` shedding ' , clogging my filter , and now the strips are coming off the plastic completely .
 I bought this ramp a few months ago and my two RES have been loving it up until the green tape started to lose its non skid magic . RES turtles bodies grow very often as well as their claws and the more and more they climb up the ramp to bask the more the tape 's non skid material fades . Now after 3 months my RES struggle to bask , I have to help them up . Now I have to find safe non skid tape for the turtle ramp as a replacement or completely throw away the ramp and buy another one -LRB- which by the way its not exactly cheap to constantly buy the same ramp every few months , the $ $ $ adds up after a while . -RRB- Its a disappointment to know that an item works only for such a short while .
 This product did n't work for our turtle . It came exactly are described , and fit into the tank well . We found the turtle would never go up the ramp . We tried placing him on the platform , and he always would jump right off . We left it in place for about a week , and ended up replacing it with the old smaller shelf that we had been using .
 Had one of these ramps for almost three years , till all the grip finally wore off it from all the climbing . Figured I 'd buy a the same one and expected good things . Less than a month in , there is no more grip on the tape and makes it hard to climb up . Was expecting better quality since the first one was better .
 I boght the football and ball shape at a local discount store -LRB- ocean state -RRB- . The ball shaped one held up for about a week before showing damage which is pretty good for my dog but football had a sizeable chunky fopping around ready to break off in a matter of minutes .
 My dachshund took a chunk off of the Huck ball within the first 10 minutes of owning it . It went straight to the trash . I have yet to find a toy she can not destroy . Yes they offer a guarantee and a free replacement , but why replace it if she will destroy it again . What about Money Back Guarantee ???
 Initially , I loved the idea of this item - elevates the dog , cool , a cushion from the ground - and bought several . Then ... once I started to have to buy replacement covers , the replacement mesh bed TEARS UP in oh , a little over 10 minutes . My dogs have blown through the replacement covers one after another , even after I sent back the first couple because I thought they were defective . Turns out that they are not defective - they just do n't hold up , period . My dogs are not psycho digging machines - just normal wear & tear . I quit buying replacement tops for these & am looking to something else that can withstand even moderate wear & tear . Do n't buy , unless you are willing to replace the covers at the rate of about 2 x per week .
 My service dog , Irvine , contracted cancer and died on July 13th , but he never really liked this bed anyway . Really would n't recommend this so-called pet bed to anyone
 My dog refuses to use this ! Not saying it 's bad quality , seems good , but I guess my dog either does n't understand or have any interest in this thing . I will be giving it to someone else and hope they have more luck with it
 I bought this hoping it would be a great outdoor bed for my two dogs . As it turns lout , neither of my dogs like the bed and refuse to go on it . I ca n't really blame them , since the material is very scratchy feeling and rough . Perhaps they would use this bed if I put a blanket on top . I would recommend the manufacturer pick a different material , or no one should buy this .
 Mickey loved this bed . But the reason for the low review is that the legs got `` tweaked '' and we could never get it to sit on all four legs once that happened . It 's hard to describe but it ended up unstable so our dog stopped using it . It was like a wonky table that shifts every time you put weight on it .
 I ordered this hoping my german shepard pups would not chew it up . How ever it did last about 20 minutes . Its not chew resistant !
 This bed did not last a day . My dog destroyed it easily.The material is not very stable and its not good quality at all .
 Did not stay together well and was advertised that it folds and did not fold , sent back
 This bed is flimsy and falls apart easily . The screws come loose and the frame falls apart . The fabric is cheap and begins to tear up very quickly .
 Bought two . Golden Puppy ate them both.The exposed edges of the material give them great biting/chewing surface , and once they discover it , well , it 's all over.Both destroyed within a week .
 I ordered 2 of these for my dogs.My dogs refuse to sit on them . They 've never objected to a dog bed before - and yet they HATE these beds.You 'd think i was asking them to sit on broken glass the way the react to these things .
 I followed the instructions and put the bed together fine . There are no screws to actually hold the frame in place so when I pick it up to move it , the entire thing falls apart . Am I missing something or do I have a faulty bed ? It makes no sense that you can only leave it in one spot . Should n't there be some kind of bolts that hold the frame together ? Some of the pieces just slide into each other but not tightly and it would seem like they should be bolted together but there were no other holes and no bolts . Just a few screws in some of the parts but then the others just slide into each other but then slide back out if you move it . Surely this is n't the way it 's supposed to be or my dog would collapse by laying on it ?!
 The fabric part of the product sags , it seems stretched out , not tight - like a prevous coolaroo that I had . When my dog is on this coolaroo , the center of it is an inch from the ground ! This coolaroo was `` on sale '' . So maybe the `` sale '' on coolaroos is due to decreased quality since my last one , or maybe the `` sale '' coolaroos are returned items , or the company has surplus to unload . Since I had one before , I know this coolaroo is n't the same . I guess this is a case of - `` You get what you pay for '' .
 After reading all the reviews I purchased a bed for my labrador in March . I told hubby that he would have to work to get the bed on the frame and mentioned the tips I saw in the reviews . When he put it together and it went on easily and felt slightly loose I should have realized there was something wrong with it . After a week it sagged low enough that it touches the floor in the center when my dog lays on it . He still uses it and by July it had a 2 inch diameter hole in it . I 'm not really impressed with this product but honestly think I just got a defective bed .
 Very easy to assemble , I ordered the Large Bed and it is plenty big for my very large Catahula Leopard Dog , and Bull Dog . It did not hold up to my puppy chewing Catahula , as the first thing he went for was the label , had it for one night and he chewed it loose . I bought 2 Large ones , I will not more , until they improve the material . I 'm thinking a mesh like a trampoline . in thickness . I had such high hopes .
 At first it was a great product and I was impressed , but after one year it came apart , threads are weakand brittle and fray at a touch.For warranty , one has to take `` PHOTOS '' and send them in , if Coolaroo feels that it was caused by UV Rays or faultyproduct you receive another fabric , but if notyou pay $ 8.45 plus ship which is $ 11.00 UPS.Shipping is $ 11.00 for three fabric 's so get threeincase you have to buy your fabric and save .
 I bought the medium for my 60-lg . basset hound based on its 65-lb . rating . The first night she slept in it , the fabric stretched out so much that she was essentially laying on the floor . Not exactly functional if you follow the recommended weight limits .
 I had one of these Coolaroo beds for about 10-11 years that my two Labradors shared and loved it . It finally , after all that time started ripping in the seam area ... no problem , it was old . I ordered this one to replace it expecting the same great quality . 24 hours later after I assembled it I noticed two holes in the material cover ! I was so disappointed and sent it back . I have ended up ordering another one in a different color to see if that makes a difference in the material quality . I have n't gotten it yet . If the material looks flimsy like it wont last several years of everyday use I 'll send it back too .
 Bought 3 of these to go with ones I had previously bought . Within less then 1 month of use , 2 of them have had the fabric unravel and pull off of the bars . I have a 70 lb dog and a 55 lb dog using them . Disappointed . May look to buying a different product in the future .
 This product really has no positive points .1 -RRB- this was larger than I expected -LRB- pay attention to the dimensions carefully as the breed guidelines did n't really work out well for me -RRB- .2 -RRB- material was not as taught and firm as I would have liked -LRB- I want good back support for my pups ! -RRB- 3 -RRB- the frame goes topsy turvy when you move it around . It is no solid frame .4 -RRB- Setting it up was no walk in the park5 -RRB- NOT chewproof
 If you have a med-large dog I would STRONGLY recommend NOT wasting your money on this product ! I 've purchased several of these beds and they have all failed within 6 months ... purchased several replacement covers and they have all failed within 6 months ! The mesh fabric stretches/sags to a point where the dogs are on the floor ... as it stretches/sags ; small holes begin forming-small into larger ones until a paw falls through it . The Co has a poor and misleading `` 5 year warranty '' ... real profit margin stems from selling replacement covers .
 Theoretically , this bed should go together like a camping cot . The one I received , 2 of the bolts will not fit into the threads of the side frame supports . I tried for 2 hours , patiently trying to get the bolts in , by hand so as not to damage them , to no avail . I tried each individual bolt into each hole methodically over and over and over and regardless what I did only two bolts will fit ! 2 hours of trying ! I 'm going to throw this p.o.s. in the recycle bin .
 While I certainly find this item acceptable once assembled getting it that way took almost an hour ! Granted , right in the instruction it makes mention that you will need the assistance on another person to finish putting it together , BUT and this is a big BUT I was alone in taking on this task . I am truly satisfied with my purchase but buyer beware , unless you have help readily available , this is NOT a one person job . You should not need an advanced degree to put this thing together , seriously it only four screws .
 This is impossible to assemble and the company offers absolutely no customer service to assist you ! What a waste of money !
 My dogs do not really care for it . I bought the large dog size but it is more suited for 70 # dogs and smaller . The website indicated otherwise . You are better off buying some cheap foam and tying a cheap sheet around it for large dogs -LRB- 25 '' tall 100 plus pounds -RRB- .
 I really wanted a good , cool , comfy indoor/outdoor bed for my med/lg dog who is getting old , has hip problems , and is Nordic - so has lots of fur and needs to keep cool . She always finds the shady spot in the dirt , when we are out in the yard , and I do n't want her to get so dirty , but want her to be cool . Sure , I 'd love to have the Kuranda or one of the higher end ones , but why spend the money when the Coolaroo was rated so well ?? Well , I put it together today and it was like a scene from `` I Love Lucy '' - pretty comical ! But , not funny . I was so exasperated trying to get that last end to cooperate without twisting . Finally got it together , though not as satisfactorily as I would like , and hoped she would like it . I tried it outdoors , indoors , outdoor shaded area , indoors with her bed on it , and she does n't care for it at all.Ah well . . shucks . Money I do n't have to spend , blown.If it changes , and she suddenly loves it , I 'll redo my review .
 STUNG !!!! AT THE MOMENT THE BEDS -LSB- 3 -RSB- ARE FINE ... I ORDERED REPLACEMENT COVERS FROM AMAZON . AFTER SEVERAL WEEKS WAS INFORMED I CA N'T GET THEM . I AM PISSED . THESE BEDS ARE THROW AWAYS . I BOUGHT THEM BBEECCAAUUSSEE COVERS REPLACEMENTS WERE OFFERED . SCREWED ... woody
 First of all , I broke a sweat trying to put this stupid thing together by myself . A word of advice ... Get someone to help you ! I do n't know how much it 'll help , but it was extremely FRUSTRATING going it alone . It took me forever because I could n't get the thing to stay together . I 'd get one end assembled , and then the other end would fall apart!By the time I finally got it together , I thoroughly HATED this product . And then , to top it all off , my dog wo n't go NEAR it ! It 's a great concept ; I got it to help keep my dog cooler out on our patio . If only she would try it ...
 I purchased this bed for a large dog at an animal shelter I volenteer for . -LRB- The dog was nursing a leg injury and i wanted to get him off the cold concrete floor -RRB- The next day I arrived at the shelter and found the bed chewed and uselessly broken . I contacted the company only to find , they do not sell replacements for the hammock part of the bed . ONLY hardware pieces.Sadly , I had to throw away the bed and the dog no longer had one.I do not recommend this bed for a shelter situation or a dog that has a chewing tendancy .
 I bought this bed for my 75lb . Amstaff mix . If he could talk he would say `` he does n't like this bed very much . '' The reason I was attracted to this style of bed is I thought it may diminish the doggy odor my dog would have after spending time sleeping on his mat pillow bed , especially during the warmer months . My thinking would be the elevation would allow for air circulation below as well as above him . This does seem to be the case as he is noticeably more pleasant smelling using this bed . However , the way this bed is constructed is that the curved steel rail/legs are inserted into each other with nothing to hold them in place other than friction . As a result , they periodically come apart collapsing the bed and dog to the floor . Needless to say my Amstaff does not appreciate being startled out of a deep snooze in this fashion . If I would place his mat pillow bed on one side of the room and this steel-framed bed on the other , directed my dog to got to his bed , 100 out of 100 times he would go to the mat pillow bed without hesitation . If this bed was constructed so as to allow it to somehow be able to fasten the legs than perhaps he would have appreciated it more . As for now , everything he does indicates `` not for me . '' Recommended with reservations . Know thy dog .
 Bought this product for my 70-pound Boxer . I set it up and he loved it ! However , within a month of daily use , the joints started to bend . After 6 weeks , it was completely broken . The joints bend easily , despite this being sold as a bed for `` large breed '' dogs . I actually bought two of these beds - one lasted for about 2 months before falling apart , the other lasted about two weeks .
 Product arrived , it was assembled and I placed it in the kennel this morning . 8 hours later , when I returned the &#34; durable and strong woven fabric &#34; had ripped away from the frame . It was n't chewed , it just ripped due to poor quality . It is unrepairable . The size is supposed to accomodate Rottweilers , German Sheperds , Dobermanns , etc. . I have an American Bulldog -LRB- appx . 100 lbs . -RRB- According to the breed class , it should have accomadated him easily . Product fell considerably short of its ' expectations ; this is n't even good enough to be called junk . Take it from us , find a better product for you pet ! - One unhappy bulldog and owner .
 The frame is good and sturdy and was easy to put together . Unfortunately , the cover had a defect in the weave which has now become a hole . My german shepherd loves to lay on it . By mistake , I threw out the box it came in not knowing there was a warranty still inside or I would have sent off fro a replacement cover . So , I had to order another cover - hope when I receive it will not have any defects .
 This product was to be nearly indestructable , so the claims where . I had purchased this for 2-6mo old pups who destroyed it in short order .
 I purchased this bed for my husky as I live in Saudi Arabia and was concerned about him having a cool place to rest . The bed was of good quality -LRB- though as others have written , it was a bit challenging to put together effectively -RRB- . My 60 pound husky bent the metal within 20 minutes and would n't sit on it after . I ended up throwing away ; he never used it.One perk -- my dog chews EVERYTHING , and he did n't tear at the fabric on this bed . Perhaps with a less agressive dog this will be a better purchase .
 I like the notion of this dog bed , but the plasticky mesh material is too slippery for my German shepherds . I understand that to have a mesh that will let water and air through -LRB- which it does -RRB- some compromises must be made , but none of my 3 GSDs will get on it voluntarily because their feet slide around , esp their rear feet . When I ask them to get on it -LRB- only one at a time ! -RRB- and they lie down , they seem comfortable enough . I 've put a soft fabric dog bed on top of the mesh and that makes it less slippery , but the point of this bed for us was to leave it outside on the deck in the rain . Adding a top bed defeats that purpose.Didn ' t have any trouble assembling thanks to other reviews that mention leaving slack in bolts and letting it rack.The cadet blue I ordered appears similar to the color I see on product description .
 Owned two of these , same problem with both . After several weeks of the dog jumping onto his bed the legs become loose and start to bend . Would be a great bed if the frame was more sturdy .
 Crappy construction - I had to use vice grips to get the bolts in the holes because they were improperly drilled . The bed sags , wo n't stay level , and even the dog does n't care for it .
 Coolaroo Medium Pet Bed 3 ' x 2 ' green with black frame 317270It 's not as durable as I had hoped for . My basset and my beagle absolutely loved lying on it , but my beagle loved it more as a new chew toy . It did n't last a month . I did discipline him when I caught him chewing on it and I sprayed it with Apple Bitter -LRB- dog chewing deterrent spray -RRB- , which did not preserve the life of the Pet Bed . Also , I tried to register the warranty on-line that proved frustrating and unsuccessful . Now I will try to order a re-placement fabric and pray this time around I get lucky with the ordering through the company and with my destructive beagle .
 I bought two of these beds thinking they would be great for my dogs . They worked great for about a month . After a month , that 's when all the problems started to happen . First I noticed tiny holes started to show up from my dogs getting on and off of the bed . I assume it 's from their nails . I trim my dogs nails and they 're not long at all so it shouldnt be doing that . Then , The bars started to bend . I bought the right size for my dogs weight so it should ` nt be doing that either . The screws came loose constaintly and I always had to tighten them atleast a few times a week . Then the cover started to stretch so the holes got bigger and at this point when my dogs lay on it , there laying on the floor . I am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it at all . This product was obviously made cheap , and was a waiste of my money .
 These beds come at a great price and are fairly easy to assemble ... but as for durability -- no way ! I have 100lb dogs that loved to lay on the beds . They did not chew them at all . The material used for the bed portion is simple `` green screen '' that you use on chain link fencing to block wind and view . What happened with all -LRB- 4 -RRB- of these beds was that when they got on the bed to lay down , a toe-nail would start to spread the fibers in a spot , then the tiny hole would proceed from there until the bed was 1/2 hole and not usable . -LRB- and I trim toenails religiously ! -RRB- I did buy extra material , figuring that 2 -3 of those would still be less $ $ than a Kuranda bed . . but over time , the inconvenience of having to replace them frequently was n't worth it .
 This product looked great , but I believe mine had a manufacturing defect that made it impossible to assemble -LRB- the canvas part was too short on one side -RRB- . Amazon was great as usual and provided me with a refund . Still , it is always disappointing to receive a defective item .
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM AS `` BRAND NEW '' AND IT WAS MISSING THE 2 SHORTER PIECES THAT GO ACROSS TO CONNECT TO THE LEG PIECES . ITS REALLY DISAPPOINTING !!! NOW I HAVE TO GO THROUGH THE HASSLE OF RETURNING IT AND WAIT FOR A REPLACEMENT !!
 I do n't know if it is the open space below but I ca n't not get my dogs on it .
 This bed did not stand up to an old golden retirverHer foot when through it and got stuck , she had to chew and I had to cut the opening wider to get ther foot out
 I 've assembled many things , but I would never have bought this had I known how hard it would be for me to screw in the last bolt . The tightness of the cover made it nearly impossible to line up the last of the frame holes . Ended up both bloody -LRB- first time I 've ever have stabbed myself with a screwdriver -RRB- and sweaty . Have someone assist you or be a strong guy to save your sanity . In addition I think the product is overpriced and not of great quality .
 Dog tore through material in 5 Min . 10 minutes to assemble , in the trash in 5 . Cheap price is nice but not for a chewer or bored Aussie
 Putting the bed together was ok . However , I found that the legs could shift when you pick up the bed from one side . We had gotten the bed because our dog kept digging to find a cooler place to lay . Our dog is about 70lbs and fit fine on the bed . He seemed to like it for a few days . Then he started tipping the bed up and digging underneath it . The hole got deep enough to where he could lay in the hole with the bed covering him for shade . Later he tipped the bed over and got his cable wrapped around it and somehow managed to pull the legs apart . So now we still have a hole in the yard and a bed in pieces .
 This product was easy to assemble , and seems sturdy . We 've had it for nearly a month now and my dog refuses to lay on it . He 's gotten on a few times and circled , but never actually lays down . Even after luring him on with treats he wants to get right off ! He 's an older dog , so I think he just needs something a bit more comfortable . Wish it worked out better - I love the idea of being able to hose it off for cleaning .
 We thought this would be a fun Christmas gift for our two miniature pinschers . But , the instructions to put it together do n't have words -LRB- that 's right , only picturs -RRB- which left us to our own devices to figure it out . One of the beds is cockeyed because the screw that came with it was bent . The other one is fine .
 Our dog destroyed it within 4 days . I wish we would have spent a little more and gotten something better . Like others reported the gaps in the corners make for an easy chew .
 I was so excited to get my bed ! I purchased a large for my shephard mix . I set it up and immedialtey my 12lb bichon jumps on it and then I notice 5 puncture holes in the fabric . One hole was the size of a quarter and my big dog hadnt even got on it yet ! Needless to say it went right back in the box . I should have bought a kuranda dog bed.NOt sure if this was just a bad batch ? Lots of great reviews , this just doesnt add up .
 Not sure why they put a label on the bed , that was the first thing the dog went after . We told him `` no '' and he seemed to leave it alone for the most part for a few weeks . Then one day we walked in the room to find the `` corners '' chewed to pieces . I REALLY wish I could return this . I should have bought the more expensive brand . I wish I had n't listened to the reviewa of people that claimed dogs could n't / would n't be able to destroy this item . I will try to include a photo of what my 75lb . Lab mix was able to do to this item before we found it and took it away .
 The Price seemed right ; but in the end we had to throw in the towel on these . My son and I have a small kennel . We purchased 20 of these . Within a few days 3 or 4 of them were completely destroyed . Within a few weeks 17 of the 20 were unusable . We bought replacement canvases for all of them and tried again , thinking that after laying on the floor without a bed for a few weeks they would perhaps have learned a lesson lol . A few months later ; not a single bed is remaining . We then decided to order theLG Kuranda Bed , Cordura -LRB- 40x25 -RRB- Kuranda chew proof beds . We ordered 4 at first . We ordered the all aluminum bed with the heavy vinyl with aluminum legs -LRB- not the pvc one -RRB- Put the beds in with the worst offenders . Two months later , they are still in perfect shape . There is no way for the dog to get his teeth on it to chew . With the coolaroo beds we had some of the dogs scratch through the material . For whatever reason they do n't seem to be interested in scratching the Kuranda material -LRB- make sure you order it with the heavy vinyl -RRB- which is very smooth . When you have 20 dogs , believe me , we know what works and what does n't .
 My dog does not like to get on the bed because of the material the bed is made out of is very rough . I 've tired covering it with a sheet with no success .
 This item did not hold up to our German shepherd puppy . Lasted less than a month . Fabric not strong enough to withstand constant getting on and off ; sustained holes within a week . Puppy loved it while it lasted ...
 I would have to say I was dissapointed in this product , being it is made for dogs , and within a week it was useless . It has a large hole in the middle , probably from our smaller dogs sharp nails . You would think -LRB- especially since I got the Large size Bed -RRB- that the material would be better made for the weight and habits of dogs with their scratching when they like to lay down etc. . I was thinking about getting the replacement cover , but saw the reviews saying how they replace them every other month due to rips . No Thanks .
 After reading all the reviews for this product I was pretty sure this was what I needed . I have to agree that the material is pretty resistant as I have a Great Dan and a Weimaraner and both of them manage to get on the bed together and even play over it -LRB- both together weight over 200 pounds -RRB- . Other than this the rest was disapointing , it was probablly bad luck , but I think the cloth is just to small for the frame or I received a medium cloth for with a large frame ... what ever the reason is , it was extremely hard to get the frame in even with help it was really hard ... . After strugling for a while we were fianlly able to do it with an oufull result , the bed ended up with diamond kind of shape instead of a rectangle as it should ... I guess it is die to the tightness , also if you attempt to move it and it has no weight on , two of its legs will jump up , and you will need at least two persons to put them back to the ground without having the other two legs also going up . Beleive me we tried setting it up in all posible ways and the result was always the bed with a completly un even diamond kind of shape ... . Again the only positive thing abou this bed is the resitant cloth .
 This bed did not last long within 5 minutes my one great dane was chewing on it . due to the sides being exposed made it very easy to rip . I tried this bed out because i liked the cheap price . I have also bought the XL Kurando bed and love it . it last a long time before the material started to rip and needed to be replace about 1year and half later . I kept that bed outside as well . the material probably gave out after 280lbs constantly had to snuggle on it -LRB- my two great danes -RRB- .
 I have 2 dogs ... one of them a 190 pound Neo Mastiff ... neither of the dogs will lay on this bed . I do n't know if they dont like the material or ? I bought 2 beds ... gave one away ... the other ... I am still trying to get the other dog to lay on ... We 'll see !! It was a bit difficult to put together !
 This bed was a pain to put together and came with the paint chipping . We have a crawling baby in our home and are not a fan of having items in our house that have unknown paint chips that can flake off and end up on our floor and possibly in her curious hands . We sent it back .
 Awhile back I purchased three large Coolaroo steel framed pet beds.They each held several of my dogs comfortably.I used them for several months , until my shih tzu Glory B got her head caught in the wedge shaped corner of the frame overnight.She died as a result.I will never again use one of these beds.If you have samller dogs stay away from these.Larger breeds might be ok , but not the smaller ones .
 My old -LRB- e.g. not rambunctious -RRB- 80 lb lab stepped on this bed -LRB- large size -RRB- and stepped right through ! The cover ripped completely . The plus is we can buy replacement covers , but if they are that weak , it will get pricey fast . Possibly by somehow securing a blanket over the bed this would have worked better ; however that will limit its use outside.Also , I did not find this a joy to put together . It took a little finesse to get it nice and sturdy . It was not difficult , just be warned that you should clear a space and some time first.Bottom line
 I wanted to love this bed as others note - heck , my dog stood at the ready while I tried to assemble this , this , this hunk of junk . I too bloodied my finger with the screwdriver , something I have never done before and I 've assembled more items than I care to recall . The instructions are no more than 4 drawings with insets depicting I know not what - they are either meant to address the indented sides to the legs or maybe the fabric pattern - who knows . Legs A and B are noted ... but if there 's a difference between any of the legs , well , who would know?Mind you , it 's difficult for me to admit defeat - I 'm rather stubborn in the first place ... but I give up on this thing . Keeping three bolts loose to put in the fourth simply made no difference - in the end , the thing looks like a three-legged piece of garbage with the fourth leg lifted far above the floor , push the fourth leg down and another pops up in its place - I could force the bed into a flat/normal appearance , but the slightest bit of pressure on the bed and poof , a leg flips high into the air . I tried pulling on the fabric , reversing it , reversing the legs , trading one leg for another , trading the long poles from one side to the other - nothing , and I mean nothing makes a difference . Four legs and four poles should not require two people for assembly - frankly , given this is a rather hefty piece I doubt returning the beast is worthwhile/cost-effective .
 These beds will not hold up to English bulldogs . As far as the dogs are concerned they like them . After about three months they had chewed holes in them and had to be replaced . Kuranda beds however will withstand all my dogs , and have for years no holes yet . So if you do n't plan on replacing your dog beds do n't buy these .
 These beds are absolutely horrible . Do n't even bother buying replacement covers you 'll never be able to use them . The beds are unstable and the screws used to fit the metal frame together often do not even fit .
 I have tried laying on the bed with her , she looks like she is being punished . She refuses to use the bed . I have tried laying her balnket there , tried putting her toys on the bed . So far she acts as though she will never use the bed . Great , now what ?
 This is a torture device . The material is rough and the thing twists and folds whenever my chihuaha would try to use it . It scared the heck out of her . It was the worst purchase ever . I ended up getting rid of it at a yard sale to a curious buyer for 1 buck . It was horrible .
 Still waiting for items.It 's been over a month now.Can some one follow up.I still want items , which already been paid for .
 my yellow lab hates it he refuses to lay on it and the fabric stuff is so scratchy dont waste your money
 Many reviews about this bed were right on ... great concept and dog loved it . It was not that hard to put together but it did help to have 2 people . While the quality was good , I need to let others know that it is not one of those indestructible beds . We have a nearly year old shepherd/husky mix that is also new to us . Great dog but is still finding things to destroy from time to time . What seemed to happen with the bed is when he jumped on it , his nails could work through the material and that gave him a great place to begin the destruction . The first night was quite productive for him as by morning he had several holes ranging in diameter from 2 inches to 5 inches . This produced a hazard as we were then concerned about injury from legs falling through the holes and such . He also discovered the exposed corners that made some great chewing as well . Before buying , make sure your dog is passed the destructive stage . We have returned the item and hopefully will get a refund from Amazon .
 We bought 4 beds from them for our large dogs in Sept of 2010 and less than a year later 3 out of 4 have holes in the fabric from regular dog use . We called the company about their `` 5 year fabric warranty '' and they said it 's only a uv breakdown guarantee - what a croc . If you have large dogs you can forget it - a complete waste of your money . We 're going to a canvas fabric bed from another manufacturer this time . Ridiculous
 After assembly , one of the legs popped up and the bed was in a twisted shape . After straightening out with the help of another person , I tried to tighten the bolts more to hold the frame in horizontal shape , but it twists up again . The combination of the fabric tension and the fact that frame pieces do not have a locking mechanism , makes it hard to keep the pieces in place just by tightening .
 Trying to use these are like trying a toothbrush . My dog does n't especially like foreign objects in her mouth . Also the mechanism of snapping one side and letting it drain to the other swab tip does n't work great . I could be swabbing my dog 's teeth for 5 minutes and it seems like a lot of liquid is either coming out or being used fully .
 This stuff should NEVER be used on cats ! Tea tree oil can cause seizures and central nervous system damage . In extreme cases it can cause death . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT ON CATS!Thank you : - -RRB-
 While this feeder is beautiful to behold , the orioles would much rather use the hummingbird feeder next to it ... even though it means contorting to reach the feeder hole.Not recommended .
 My finches and orioles keep the hummingbirds chased away from their feeder so I bought this oriole feeder . If a bird lands on it , it dips and spills the nectar on the ground and so far only 1 finch has figured out how to use it . They all prefer the hummingbird feeder so I now have 2 of them . This oriole feeder goes in the trash .
 Although this is a nice looking feeder , it is very impractical . The only reason I gave it even one star is because the hummingbirds like to drink from it . The basic problem with it is that the the length of the perches are way too short for the size of an oriole . They land on them and can not drink . They then try to reach around to the next hole to drink and cant ' t reach , get frustrated and leave . Now , if a hummingbird can sit on the perch and drink would n't you think an oriole might be too big ? They are !
 As received , the two-piece plastic base was poorly assembled and could not hold water . Fortunately , it was so badly made that the problem was obvious . After much fiddling to mate the pieces together as intended , it still leaked . The parts were warped and did not line up well . A tube of crazy glue completed the construction of this product , creating a leak-free reservoir . The plastic threads on the base looked trouble-prone , but did screw together satisfactorily with the glass tank . Looking at the placement of the perches , I wonder if a Baltimore Oriole -LRB- what I get -RRB- will be able to use this feeder . Be sure to mount with perches pointing down , not up . Will try bending them further down to increase the distance from feeder ports . It is a very attractive feeder , but will look even better if the orioles use it .
 This is a very attractive feeder , but it needs to be redesigned to be more friendly to orioles . When I received mine I found that the perches were much too short for orioles to sit and feed comfortably from the nectar holes . After assembling the feeder and comparing its perches to those of other oriole feeders offered on the internet , I returned the feeder to the seller . This was with some regret because I thought it was quite beautiful in appearance . The illustration does n't show the birds actually feeding so one does n't know if they can easily drink the nectar . This product was a disappointment , but I think it could have been redesigned to make a more oriole friendly source of nectar and a really beautiful addition to one 's garden .
 DOES NOT ATTRACT ORIOLES , JUST HUMMERS . NOT WORTH THE EXPENSE . ORIOLES ACTUALLY PEFER THE HUMMINGBIRD FEEDERS AND THE HUMMERS NECTOR .
 Disappointed with this flawed item ! It seemed so solid when I bought it -LRB- glass jar , heavy plastic , metal -RRB- . But the threads of the jar and bottom feeder do n't mesh securely . The feeder part spins rather than tightens up . With only one cup of nectar in the jar -LRB- it hold four cups , the bottom FELL OFF in a gust of wind . I wonder if the paint is too thick or threads not cut deep enough . Whatever the reason it 's being returned .
 The day after I received this feeder in the mail , I assembled it and filled it with sugar water . The next day I noticed the feeder was almost empty but I had seen no orioles in the yard . Upon closer inspection I found that the solution was leaking out the bottom of the feeder . At first I tried tightening the container holding the water but I found it did not have sufficient threads to tighten . I looked underneath the feeder and noticed the plastic plate was partially out so I popped it in hoping I had stopped the leak . Unfortuneately , I slowed the leak down but did not stop it . The next step was to take a bottle of Gorilla glue and put a bead of it around the entire seam of the plastic plate.I live 15 miles from the nearest post office so I hope I do n't have to box this thing up and send it back , but I will if the glue does n't work . This feeder is manufactured and guaranteed by Perky Pet in Denver , Colorado . I was suspicious that this feeder was made in Denver and after looking a little closer I found the `` made in China '' label . It is a classic piece of Chinese-made junk that companies are so happy to sell us . I 'm guessing the wokers were unskilled and underpaid and possibly even kids . This product should not be for sale on the Amazon website as it clearly makes Amazon look as if it has no standards for even the minimum amount of quality . If you have time and energy to bother with fixing this feeder yourself or if you like repacking stuff and sending it back , then it 's the one for you . I 'll give it one star because it did arrive in a timely manner .
 The only good things that I can say about this pump is that it looks nice and it 's small in size . However , it sounds like a truck . It is so loud that while on the first floor of the house , you can still hear it on the second floor with the door closed . Compared to my boyfriends Tetra Whisper 100 , this pump is very distracting and atleast 10 times louder .
 product works great but it is incredibly loud . too distracting to be used on a daily basis . i am using it to aerate a tank of feeders , and it 's fine for that , but i ca n't imagine this in a kid 's room running all the timevery distracting
 well , own this door , and please do n't buy it . many dogs are scared of the mechanism , and the complexity and problems still do not achieve the advertised weatherproofing .
 I ordered this product for my ferel cat as it was advertised as being a excellent for outside cat with an insulated floor . When it arrived , there was a pad that had to be inserted for insulation and you would have to buy another product to totally insulate it . The product itself was very thin plastic -- not what I wanted for a ferrel cat living outside -- totally not warm enough . Not happy with product and was returned immediately ! When called to return , was told to send to wrong place -- not happy about that either . The KatKabin is overpriced and the return policy is also not what I expected from Amazon .
 I bought one of these 2 years ago for some outside feral cats and not one of them would even check it out . It is too small and when you add the foam pad that comes with it this makes it even smaller and claustrophobic . Very cute , but very expensive and just plastic . Waste of money for me .
 I purchased the Booster Bath Plastic Dog Bath for bathing my dog . I only used it 4 times to bath my small poodle dog . It is recommended to bath my dog every 6 to 8 weeks , which leave me only 1 to 2 baths . It was impossible for me to bath my dog 4 or more times within 30 days . Maybe there should be exceptions for some items sold.While bathing my dog one of the legs broke and down went my dog flying into the wall with a puddle of water . My dog is ok , but I attempted to get a replacement or refund from the seller to not avail . I had the tub a few days more than 90 days ; the seller would not honor my request . Please be mindful when purchasing this item to us the tub as much as possible before the 90 days is up . I would not want you to have the same experience as I.Martha
 Where to start with this thing ... I wished to install a door for my two cats , leading from the kitchen to the basement . I purchased this pet door and followed the directions to the letter.Major problems with installation :1 . The screw holes in the flange are FAR too close to the cutout entry . The flange screw holes are about 1/2 inch from the edge of the template cutout , and I cut conservatively . The instructions even advise , laughably `` if when drilling these holes you break through the side of the template cutout , this is OK . '' For anyone who 's actually used a drill before - no , it 's not . As soon as you break through the edge of the cutout , your drill bit can no longer find purchase , and you wo n't get a clean , straight hole . Solution
 We have 3 labradors who are just medium chewers and they had this rope untied and unraveled in about 10 minutes . A waste of money .
 We have 3 labradors who are just medium chewers and they had this rope untied and unraveled in about 10 minutes . A waste of money .
 so i ca n't say if that bit is good or not -LRB- even tho it is shown in the product photo , i did n't receive it -RRB- . this upset me because i would 've ordered from someone else . anyway , this toy has always been a fave with my friends ' cats , so i 'm giving it a try . it has a tendency to hit kitty in the head and make him not want to play with it , so i 'm looking for one of those leather strings instead , which other people 's cats also seem to enjoy consistently . i just have a silly old cat !
 Item does not include the wall mount paw as pictured . Other vendors sell this exact item for two dollars less on Amazon .
 MY CATS HAVE NO INTEREST IN THIS AT ALL . IT LOOKS LIKE A GOOD TOY BUT THEY DONT LIKE IT .
 Just buy this cat dancer toyCat Dancer Products Original Interactive Cat Toyand forget the wall-mount style.I thought I 'd be lazy and buy the wall-mount cat dancer - I stuck the wall-mount part of it on the back of my bedroom door and the adhesive sticks way too much ; no matter what I use to try and remove it , the residue and part of the foam will not come off the door . The cats quickly lost interest playing with it this way , they want ME to interact with them . I have more fancy moves than a stationary cat dancer mounted to a wall or door.Plus I also think it 's a bad idea to make this a toy where you do not supervise the cat 's play - the cardboard tubing eventually shreds and the bare wire can be dangerous to your cat.Original Cat Dancer
 DO NOT BUY THIS CHEW if you have a large dog that knows how to chew !! My G S PUPPY destroyed this item in -LSB- 3 -RSB- days ! returned it to amazon for a full refund .
 I bought this toy and used it maybe 20 times . On the last time , as I was pulling back on the band it snapped and ricocheted back hitting me in the mouth . OUCH !!! Not only should the `` go-frr fetch it ball '' have lasted longer ... it 's a good thing it did n't take out my eye when it did break!Face it ... it 's a bad design .
 my lab loved it , but the sling shot thing doesnt go very farit only lasted a day with my dog until it was in shredsjust use a tennis ball
 I bought this for use as a kitchen compost bucket . After two months use it developed pinholes all the way through the side , and other spots where the stainless corroded exposing whatever cheaper metal is underneath . Maybe mine was not typical , but I 've never seen stainless fail like this and I would not buy it again . On the upside Amazon says they will refund my money .
 Please do n't touch this product . I used it on my cat , and it made her sick . She is having seizures . The vet said this is a frequent occurrence , and it has actually killed people 's pets . Please do n't buy this . I 'm sorry , get a suggested product from your vet . I am really going through a lot right now , and it is because I purchased this shampoo .
 I bought this for use as a kitchen compost bucket . After two months use it developed pinholes all the way through the side , and other spots where the stainless corroded exposing whatever cheaper metal is underneath . Maybe mine was not typical , but I 've never seen stainless fail like this and I would not buy it again . On the upside Amazon says they will refund my money .
 My Georgie , was n't interested in this toy . She spends her days begging me to throw a soft sponge ball for her , -LRB- which she retrieves like a dog -RRB- , until MY arm is aching .
 I bought this toy based on the reviews but my kitten does n't seem to excited to play with it . she prefers bottle caps and things that make noise . that would be an improvement .
 I 've purchased four Charmers now and we love them , but our kitty Beans might like them too much . He eats them when we leave him alone with the Charmer for too long , so a word of caution . I 've even heard of certain SCPCA locations putting this toy on their black list . It 's a fun toy , but kitten owners who are n't available to supervise playtime and/or remember to put the Charmer away - I would advise steering clear of this one . As much as we all love it , this is just a dangerous toy .
 Admittedly we do have a strange Manx cat who thinks he 's a dog and eats paper and books and also grooms our dog , but he was not too interested in this toy as a toy . Rather , he ate most of the ribbon . Still waiting to see if/where it comes back out . Would n't buy again for our cat or any cat who tends to eat things other than food ...
 My new baby kitten was choking last night - luckily I woke up and pulled a 6 inch piece of this out of her mouth and stomach ! not sure how she chewed a piece off or how long it was inside of her -LRB- it was soaking wet -RRB- , but good thing she was in my bedroom or she might not have made it ! My cats do love this toy - about 6 months ago I found a two inch piece inside some of my older cat 's poop ... guess I should have thrown it away then !!
 Everyone 's cat is different -- my cat happens to go crazy with feather toys and other things he can chomp on -LRB- rather than laser pointers -RRB- . For some reason , he does n't like this toy at all . He just stares at it without interest . The product is OK quality and the shipping was efficient -- but just keep in mind that not ALL cats love this thing . I 've had better luck with Da Bird .
 This cat toy is very disappointing . My grandson was playing with it and his cat and it wrapped itself around the cat and would n't let go . His mother finally had to cut the `` cat dancer '' off of the cat !!! It was like a strong adhesive grabbing on to the pet . We threw this cat toy away . Do n't waste your money .
 My 3-month-olds cat does n't intrest . She is totally afraid with this . She is running and hiding in the corner when she saw this .
 I bought this at a local pet store after reading all the rave reviews . There were many different patterns/colors to choose from and I picked a clear purple rod with the funkiest ribbon out of the bunch . Unfortunately , my cat did n't care much for it and I had it returned and exchanged for his dependable favorites -LRB- feather teasers -RRB- . It would definitely help if you had a lot of space to run around with the toy but I really ca n't see how this costs so much and agree with other reviewers about this glorified string on a stick . After reading reviews of some cats who have eaten , choked , gotten sick from the toy ... well , If this toy requires as much supervision as a regular piece of string , I 'd just stick with the string as it 's 1 % of the cost of this product . Or I 'd make my own from a crafts store . I 've played with cats with long pieces of string in huge empty spaces and they go crazy for it . With the right supervision and making sure it 's never left out , it 's safe . Yes , the fabric on the Cat Charmer does get narrower at the end but that 's simple to recreate . The fabric is also harder for my cat to grasp onto -LRB- or it might just be that he was n't trying very hard -RRB- but I think it frustrated him more than it helped . It does indeed have a snakelike movement , but it did n't entice my kitty unfortunately which is no one but my cat 's fault . Every cat has their preference and I think the cheaper a toy is , the more my cat likes it , like wads of paper and a free mini spongy football we got from a booth .
 My snow shoe kitty completely ignored this cat charmer toy . No interest at all . She is totally addicted to `` Da Bird . '' I play that with her every day ! I think you have a 50/50 chance with this one of your kitty liking it .
 I bought this because it was reviewed so highly but my cat did n't like it at all . She examined it , poked at it , laid on it but refused to play with it . When I picked it up and tried to coax her she ran.To be fair she is a timid kitty from a shelter-I think she was abused so the rod the charmer is attatched to may scare her .
 In fairness , this is a great interactive toy . Unfortunately , I did n't think to put it away . While I was at work my cat chewed the string off and swallowed it . I assumed the kids broke it , and kitty died about a month later at the end of a long and expensive surgery .
 I was first drawn to the charming dancer ribbon 301 because of the coloration . Many have noticed a lack of flair in my usual dance ribbon -LRB- transitioning from jet black to charcoal grey as you move along its length -RRB- . While flair was no longer an issue -LRB- Thanks Cat Dancer ! -RRB- the weight of the ribbon felt frivolous and the length insufficient . Using this product during my patented `` Rain Dance '' routine did not allow me to `` drizzle '' along the floor and `` soak '' the audience as I can with my longer ribbons . All in all , fun for a while , but not for any serious Ribbon Dance Routines , unless you are a junior dancer or have short arms .
 What you see is exactly what you are getting . This is an 18 '' flexible plastic wand with a long strip of colorful fleece attached to it . The fleece is slightly wider where it attaches to the wand and narrows down at the end to something resembling a tail . It will keep a cat entertained no doubt about it . But if you have the time , go down to the dollar store buy a kids cheap plastic wand , attach about 50 cents worth of fleece -LRB- approximately 2.5 feet -RRB- with electrical tape and you will have the exact same thing . My cat loves it and I am not going to waste my time shipping the stupid thing back.But I am willing to warn others about what a waste the thing is . Perhaps I will go into business selling these things myself , even at half the price I would still make a profit .
 I can not get much play time with this toy at all because every time my cat tries to bat at it , he gets his claw stuck in the stupid flannel material and I have to unhook him . It makes it no fun and my cat agrees .
 My cat is a bit old , she 's over ten years old as of this writing . I mention this because I think it might be her age as to why she 's not interested in this very much . She will play with it a little bit , but she loses interest pretty quick . Still , it 's a pretty cheap toy and it does get some use .
 My kitten is not as interested in chasing this as in eating it . Even while we are holding the stick she has managed to get some good bites of it . The stick has been useful , though , for retrieving her furry mice and little plastic balls from under the radiators . Otherwise , the toy came as advertised .
 I purchased this on-line along with the Cat Dancer . My cat is not really wild about this toy . He will play with it for about two minutes with me but he would rather us be playing with his Cat Dancer .
 It 's been 3 months and I have n'tEven got it do n't buy this waste of money and when I trak it says they ca n't trak it
 I was unsure if this product was meant to be used for cats , but decided to order it anyway because my kids could play with it if it was n't . Upon recieving my Cat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy , I was disappointed to find no tags or special notices to tell me that it was , indeed , made for cats . Due to the vagueness on what species this Cat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy was made for , I gave it to my daughter , but I had to take it from her when she used it to try and play with the cat , because I thought that might be unsafe . This made me feel bad because I know how much my daughter loves polycorbonate sticks with shreds of cheap fabric attached to the end . Now my she wo n't talk to me , and I 'm pretty sure she told her friend Mary she hates me . I do n't need that right now because my wife has also hated me since I burned the casserrole last Sunday.Please , Cat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy , be more specific with your intended use . Your disregard for your customer 's understanding has caused massive animousity in my family . I will not be a returning customer .
 95 reviews got me . sounded wonderful ! I waited in sublime anticipation ! They ship quickly , but what do you actually get ? A long piece of fleece attached to the end of a plastic stick ! THAT 'S IT FOLKS . Either other folks got something different , or everyone is a friend of the seller . DO NOT BUY . It 's a trick .
 I thought the cats would love this as they love the &#34; fishing pole &#34; type of toys . They were bored and not interested .
 Just not that interested ... `` another string on a stick ? REALLY ? I am supposed to be thrilled with this ? Puh-leez ! '' seems to be his reaction . If I annoy him with it he 'll swat at it and walk away . It is colorful and soft though !
 its not attached to the pole very well and rips easy . . cat not interested much and its just not worth the money
 My older cats do n't care about it . I would like to get my money back but its $ 3 so thats it .
 This is just a plastic stick with some scrap fabric on the end and they are charging 5 bucks for it ? Does no one else find this LUDICROUS ? Your cat does not need this kind of investment to live out its ribbon dancing fantasies ... Do yourself a favor and make this instead : Step 1
 Everyone says it lasts through everything . Well , our kitten had fun with it all day and then shredded it that night .
 I got this shipped all the way to Dubai after reading all the good reviews about it . To my surprise my cat is n't really interested in it . He will play for 10 seconds and then turns around . I thought he would like this as he goes absolutely nuts for the feather wand . Big disappointment .
 I bought this at the time as the chicken , what a disappointment ! It is just a piece of fabric with a handle ! Make it yourself .
 We have had this some months now . Our cat was mildly amused for a minute or two , but did n't really go after it . She really goes for the kind that has a stick and some object at the end of a long string attached to the stick .
 I had high hopes for this toy given the many positive reviews but my 3 cats got bored with this toy in less than an hour . The toy itself is well made and seems very safe but I guess mileage will vary depending on your cats .
 It comes as a piece of fleece on a pole that is too short -LRB- shorter then the picture looks -RRB- , you have to be standing next to your cat to get it above them . I could see the pattern on the material but it did n't interest my 2 grown cats that much . One cat sprints after a laser pointer for minutes at a time but the cat charmer did n't hold her interest for long . The other cat is more laid back and did n't care for it.I bought two other cat toys at the same time to test them out.The cat dancer metal wire thing Cat Dancer , did n't hold the cats interest much either and has awkward to hold . The movement is pretty random but they did n't go for it.Da birdDa Bird Interactive Feather Cat Toy -LRB- easy store pull apart rod -RRB- had a nice design that made the feathers spin while in air . The pull apart rod was sturdy enough and let you manage up close with it . Interested my lazy cat to bat it , he liked feathers as a kitten so these toys probably work best when introduced young .
 My title says it all . I should have looked at the item description more carefully . Essentially it is a 1 foot long plastic stick with a 3 foot long knit string attached . You are supposed to wave it in front of your cat . It takes two to use this -LRB- you and your cat -RRB- . I got bored with it after a few minutes and left it to the cat to play with . He also got bored with it when his manservant gave up on waving it about . Any 3 foot long strip of terrycloth will do the same for well under a buck.Cat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy
 pros - did n't detach from the wand easily like some cheapiescons - easily gnawed apart by cats if left out . My cat ingested it . I recommend something more durable . This could have caused blockage in my cat , luckily she threw it up .
 One of my cats peed on a pair of leather shoes . I soaked the shoes for a half hour -LRB- figured what did I have to lose ? -RRB- , let them dry , they still smelled . I soaked them again , using the remainder of the gallon jug , this time for an hour , they still smell . Good luck with the `` guarantee '' printed on the bottle . I have called customer service 4 times over the past week and was on hold for over 20 minutes each time , and gave up . I e-mailed them three days ago - no answer . So , do n't plan on getting your $ back if this does n't work for you .
 We -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- have a good amount of experience with regular Nature 's Miracle and the excellent job it does neutralizing the smell of cat pee . So , when we discovered that one of our cats decided to pee on the carpet again , we figured the `` Just for cats '' should be at least as good , if not better , right?Wrong.This stuff is worthless . 2 months after pouring a gallon of this junk on our carpet , it still smells like pee . We are giving up and trying the Rug Doctor pet shampoo before we decided on replacing the entire carpet.I wish I would have stuck to the regular Nature 's miracle cause that worked great . Sometimes `` New and improved '' isint .
 I am sure this must work for some but for me my kitty kept revisiting the oops . I 've tried many of these type products and the only one I have ever found that completely took out the odor was a product called What Odor ? . I have been using that product for going on 4 years now and have not had one instance of revisiting any oops .
 I purchased a gallon of this stuff upon a recommendation from a pet store employee . Sure enough when my puppy had his first accident I ran for the Nature 's Miracle.It helped but it did n't solve the problem . In fact , it made the stain yellow and it smelled like a bottle of rubbing alcohol . This happened time and again with future stains.Out of frustration I went back to the pet store and purchaed their second best seller , Simple Solution . That actually worked and it even removed the yellowing that Nature 's Miracle caused.The Simple Solution was less expensive , smelled better and most importantly it worked ! Nature 's Miracle does n't live up to its name .
 In the past , I 've used Nature 's Miracle for Cats with good results . Now it no longer works . Not only can the cat smell the old urine , I can too . I hired a vet behaviorist for my cat because he 's peeing on the rug and bed . She said that the formulation for Nature 's Miracle changed after the company was sold , and that 's why the product no longer works for me . I told a friend who is active in animal rescue what the vet said , and my friend echoed the vet 's sentiments -- the rescue community has also noticed that it no longer works . Save your money and get another product that does work . The vet recommended Anti Icky Poo , which is admittedly a stupid name , but you wo n't soon forget it .
 I have used this product time and time again to get out some new pee spots with no success . It initially gets the smell out for a short period of time , and then after it is dry again it starts to smell . I particularly like the directions on the bottle that state that if urine odor remains , then you did not pour on enough product . Blame the customer for your product not working and tell them to `` just use more '' . This is probably why it comes in whopping gallons .
 It 's possible that the urine stains were too old , too large and too dry , but I saturated them with the product and the smell just got worse . I ended up using home remedies for removing stains I found on the internet which worked much , much better . I 've since tried this product on a fresh vomit stains after I 'd already cleaned the worst of it -LRB- which it 's also meant to get rid of , according to the bottle -RRB- , and it has n't worked , either . Either my cats have particularly potent digestive and urinary systems , or this stuff really is n't all it 's cracked up to be . I 'm definitely not buying it again .
 I purchased this item so that I could get rid of some existing smelling spots on our carpet and to have in case our cats ever had an accident . I sprayed it on a spot on the carpet that smelled faintly of urine and next thing I know my cat who , as far as I know , has never sprayed anything sprayed the spot that I had just used the product on . The only reason I can think of for this is that something in the spray makes them feel the need to spray . Seems like a good plan if you 're trying to get people to constantly need to buy your product . I will not be buying this again , and instead plan on trying a vinegar followed by baking soda hydrogen peroxide and dish soap home remedy which I hope will work better . At least the people giving this information are n't making any money off of it .
 The holes are too smalls , they can barely fit into the biggest hole and they wo n't use the opening of the shoe to get in it .
 The birth bone charm is junk and is not worth the price . I am in the process of returning it . The item they sent did not match its picture , should have been all pink , instead it was pink with opal white stones . I let my dog wear it for a few days to see if it would grow on me and instead it has lost several of its stones . For close to $ 30 it should not loose any , ever . Save your money and get a $ 0.50 toy for a gumball machine as it will be better constructed .
 Well , we 're talking about a dog in the top 10 of the intelligence list -LRB- Blue Heeler -RRB- . I tried to untie the knot . NO WAY ! The dog did it in less than two hours and completely shreded it . I had to throw it away so the dog would n't eat the shredded strings.No more of these or me .
 I purchased one of these for my turtle tank about a year ago . It quit working after about 3 months . Pump just died and nothing would revive it . I was very busy at the time and dug out an old , -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- Aqua Clear fish filter . I used this filter until things calmed down , then purchased another of these , I figured the first was a fluke since Tetra is reputable company . It is now 3 months later and the new filter has quit . As soon as I post this review I am going to purchase a new Aqua Clear fish filter for my turtle .
 I bought this filter , and I had it for 2 days and it broke ! So I returned it and got another one and after one night it started making a rumbling noise then it stopped working!Worst filter EVER !
 I got two of these -LRB- maybe it was the larger version -RRB- for my turtle tank . First of all the suction cups just pull right out of the back . That 's really annoying . So , half the time my turtles mess with filter in the night and I find it in the morning floating in the middle of the tank . Ugh.Second , the water goes from this happy waterfall noise to this annoying sound like the pouring of curdled milk in just about four days . I do n't know what causes that , but I clean my filters regularly . This is still annoying , though . I 'm in the market for filters to replace these.They would be good for entry level or perhaps very small tanks , but not for something bigger .
 I have an female Red Eared Slider in a 70 gallon breeder tank , and found that a Whisper 20i was strong enough to keep the tank crystal clear , even when larger , more expensive filters failed -LRB- canister in-tank , external canister , you name it -RRB- . My slider loves the waterfall the Whisper generates , but also loves to tear up the sponge and filter medium when she can reach it.We decided to try the ReptoFilter , having had such excellent luck with the 20i . Like the 20i , the ReptoFilter uses three-stage filtration and claims to be for environments `` up to 20 gallons . '' We figured we 'd be getting a 20i with a lid , and we 'd be able to continue using the filter media we 'd purchased for the 20i . Unfortunately , what we did end up getting was n't what the advertising copy claimed.The ReptoFilter itself is small , about half the size of a 20i -LRB- in fact , it 's the same size as a Whisper 10i , which is only designed for small tanks of 2-10 gallons -RRB- . There 's very little uptake , and the water displacement is significantly less than the 20i . The lid does n't stay on firmly , and is easily knocked off by a curious turtle or errant hand . Quiet ? Sure , until the filter clogs up in the first half hour and water starts to overflow the sides , and the underpowered motor bogs down under the load . Where the 20i worked brilliantly in our tank , the ReptoFilter failed.If you 're looking for a small filter for a small reptile or amphibian setup , then you may find that the ReptoFilter works for you . However , if you 've got a larger setup and looking for a workhorse filter , this is n't it .
 I read the reviews and thought this filter would work out great for my 10 gallon tank with two small RES . It looked and sounded beautiful for about 4 days but now , approximately 8 days after setting it up , the tank smells horrible and is worse off than when I did n't even have a filter in there . The water is cloudy and despite the tank being only 3/4 full and in a huge open room , it 's stinking up the whole downstairs!I do n't know if I want to deal with sending this back but there is no way this is going to cut it for use in a classroom . No learning will take place with this thing splashing stinking water around.There has to be something better out there . Especially for a little ol' 10 gallon tank !
 I have bought two of these , the first worked well until my baby turtle actually started to poop ! Crazy concept , huh ? I got frustrated and all I could afford was another one of these filter systems . I got really upset when I had to clean my whole tank and my filter weekly ; my turtle is only 8 months old in 4 inches of water ! I is supposed to work for up to 20 gallons but his water is constantly dirty and there is only 5 gallons in the tank . I have tried putting Turtle Clean in which helped some but ultimately the filter clogs too often and other times it does not pick up any thing at all . I was highly disappointed .
 Even though this filter is cheap , do not waste the money , I have a 5 gallon tank with only two gallons of water in it , I have 8 quarter size turtles and the water NEVER would get clear , and all of the debris on the bottom just sat there , tha filter would n't even suck it up even when it was right in front of the intake.I have since switched to an out of tank filter whice is doing a much better job . As the saying goes , buy cheap , buy twice !
 This item is nice on the outside but is cheap polyester lining on the inside . I had it for one day and the lining started to pull where the plastic support meets the fabric . Both doors have the polyester lining tearing apart . Do not buy this because it will not last .
 Although my chinchilla really enjoys his ball -- he goes like crazy all over the family room banging into things and chasing our cat . However , because the plastic is weak , the lid fits very loosely and my ` chilla bangs into everything , the lid came off -LRB- even with scotch tape reinforcement -RRB- and our family room became Wild Kingdom as the ` chilla was loose and our cat was on the chase . Everyone survived the excitement and now the lid gets reinforced with packing tape when he wants to run about . I have n't had much luck finding another design or manufacturer with a better quality product .
 These are NOT safe for chinchillas . They are not well ventaliated , and chinchillas can easily overheat and die.Please , do not put buy this for your chinchilla !
 The lid of the ball did not properly align with the ball . So when my rabbit ran in this ball the lids came off and the rabbit escaped . This ball was poorly made and I would not recommend this product to anyone else .
 I received this item damaged , assuming due to shipping . Since there were two openings to put in your pet , I taped the broken end . This part held up . The `` good '' opening fell off after about 10 minutes of running and my pet escaped !! On the upside , Amazon has a great return policy .
 This arrived in a box that was too small and therefore had 3 small cracks in it . Our adult prairie dog would not use it . Only cried when we tried to get her to try it .
 I purchased the ball for my chinchilla and the first time I used it the lid fell off . I do have another ball and with the new ball the plastic is thinner and the lids do n't lock in place . I have had to duct tape it shut when she is in it .
 it came in a giant box and i have many complaintsfirst of all , the plastic was cracked and broken ... what the hell . some chunks of plastic werent even attached!second , the piece that closes the ball -LRB- one on each side -RRB- was missing ... i only had 1 side of the ball closed ad the other side didnt EVEn HAVE DOOR TO IT !! this is by far the worst transaction i 've had with amazon . very dissapointed.i would return it but its too broken to even be replaced , and i didnt even use it.thanks a lot > : /
 It never fails to make me rage that the manufacturer will advertise this product as being `` for chinchillas , '' especially since it seems like such a great idea at first . However , this product is deadly for chinchillas , who can overheat very easily due to their thick fur and poop constantly -LRB- so they would be rolling around in their own urine and feces -RRB- . Among chinchilla owners it is known as the `` ball of death '' -- please , do a quick search on this product and the extreme dangers it poses to chinchillas before even thinking about purchasing .
 Arrived with two of the four plastic tabs broke . Made from very cheap plastic . Dont waste your money , not worth it .
 The way it was shipped to us it was both worped and cracked in a few places.Tried to order a new one but found it extremely tricky .
 This deals sounds to good to be true ... I have seen and owned the run-about exercise balls before , so when I saw the name of the product I was very excited too see how cheap it was ! However in reality this is NOT the same product ... 1 -RRB- the lid does n't fit after 2-3 hours of use2 -RRB- the quality of the ball is so substandard , that it loses its form after first couple bumps3 -RRB- first batch that was shipped came in broken4 -RRB- if you have chinchillas like I have , they most likely going to chew the connections off since they are not tight to the surface as on the original ballAt the end of the day I highly discourage anybody who is thinking about buying this product . In fact if I could value this product at no stars I would ...
 I opened the box as soon as the ball came in , and it was covered in cracks ! I had to go buy 4 tubes of superglue to fix all the cracks in it !! Plus , one of the tabs on the lid was broke !! I would say this is a good price for the product , but considering how many cracks were in it , it 's not !!!!
 I have had these balls before but in a size a bit smaller and it was great these Mega balls the ends do not fit properly so they will come off very easily when the chinchilla runs in them , I have to use tape to keep the ends on . I bought 2 of them and they both were the same . I would not buy this item unseen again .
 This product is wonderful - my beagle LOVES this treat . However , I had his teeth cleaned , then immediately introduced this item daily to control tarter , etc. . This item , while obviously delicious to my dog , did NOTHING for the tarter on my dogs ' teeth.I signed up for `` subscribe & save , '' meaning that each month , on the day , this item would be delivered to me . It 's become more like whenever this company , unfortunately `` feels like sending it to me . '' I go into my history of orders and it shows it was sent on Sept. 20 and says the next expected delivery is Nov. 27 , so 2 things - WHERE IS OCTOBER 'S ORDER ? And , if it 's supposed to be on the 20th of each month , the 27th of Nov. does n't make sense.It angers me , because I feel they 've taken advantage of me . I have reached out several time to no avail . I would rate this product as a 5 star , but because of the aggravation , I am rating it a 2 . That 's how annoying and obnoxious this has become because I have had moments when I am expecting my dogs ' treats and nothing - no package in the mail . Very frustrating !!! However , if you are ordering this item as individual orders , and not a monthly commitment , go for it - my dog loves these treats !
 Was cute , but was WAY too large according to their sizing chart . Would recommend ordering a size smaller than intended .
 The product description here and at dig it pet 's website would have you believe that the wire on this crate is heavy duty . It 's not . It is n't as heavy as the Midwest Select Crate . I 'll go ahead and use this one , as the shipping costs to return it will cost more than it is worth . However , I 'll be replacing it with the select crate after my dobie finishes snacking on this one .
 is a pain in the arse . Who came up with the brilliant idea of having tabs slip behind the bars to secure the doors ? Our crate arrived with the doors sticking and it required major muscle to lift it up to release it . My husband worked on it for a good 15 minutes and ended up tweaking the door and using vaseline to grease the sliding loops to get them to slide easier . Also , the wire diameter is no greater than that on the Midwest crate which this one was to replace.On a positive note , the tray appears to be made of a better quality plastic -LRB- or atleast different type -RRB- and hopefully will last longer than the tray on our Midwest which cracked and pieces broke off of it after 12 months of use.I would not buy this brand crate again as long as the door design remains the same . Other than that , it is comparable to Midwest 's crates . But I would replace the tray with a GoGo brand before buying a replacement Midwest tray.UPDATE 12/18/09 - So okay , we 've had the crate for several months now and I 've adjusted to the door design . Since my hubs tweaked it , it has worked fine . One warning , though , make sure you slide the lock into place when your pet is inside . I became lazy and was only using the tabs that slide behind the bars . I 'm still not sure exactly what my trouble making Goldie did , but , somehow , while rolling on her back in the crate she managed to pop open BOTH the front and side doors . Since I was sitting right in the room with her , this was no big deal ; but had I been out , this could have been catastrophic . Word to the wise , slide the lock!I do love the pan . It appears to be much better quality than the pan that came with my Midwest.UPDATE 02/06/12 - I felt it was important to share this info with other dog owners . Twice now , we have found our Golden Retriever with her paw caught between the lip of the pan and a horizontal bar that runs around the bottom of the crate . Both times I was unable to release the dog 's paw myself , fortunately there was someone stronger then me home to help . In my opinion , this crate is a poor design for several reasons and I can not recommend it . The pan , however , is still going strong.Hope this helps !
 First of all it do n't even phase either one of our dogs . We have had a problem with them being on the couch , tearing up garbage and destroying our garden . We used a half of bottle on the couch and the rest outside . They never even hesitated like it was n't there . The couch is still their favorite spot in the house . The garbage bags still get shredded and they are still chewing up my palm tree 's . I paid over 20 dollars to buy it and have it shipped to where we live for nothing . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product to help keep my dog from using the bathroom on my son 's carpet . It did not deter him at all . Not sure if it was the use indoors or the product .
 I gave it 2 stars cause it came quickly . That 's about it though . I have 3 hermit crabs and for the last 3 weeks they will not eat it .
 but right when i put it with my dwarf hamster he got all scared of it . and will not go in it . and hes staying far away from it cuz he doesnt seem like he likes the new home . i thought this would of been good for him but hes really scared of it an wont go near it at all
 the instructions are not very good.i ca n't work out how to attach the attachments
 I bought this item new and it worked well ... For the first three weeks . Week four the switch just decided to stop working . It 's loose and the whole lamp is junk now . The only use the switch had was once a day when I turned it off to take my snake out of his tank for playtime . It was n't on the floor so nobody stepped on it or anything it was just made poorly .
 My wife bought one of these at our local Concord Pet Store . Our 5 month old Terrier tore it to pieces in less than 5 minutes . Not worth anyone 's money unless your dog has no teeth .
 We bought this chicken this weekend for our Goldendoodle puppy as a `` souvenir '' from our trip to Myrtle Beach . He chewed the nose off within the first minute , the foot was gone within 5 . Although he loves this chicken , we had to take it from him because little plastic pieces keep coming off it . Did I mention that he just got it yesterday ? 10 Bucks for 1 day of play is not a bargain . I 'm not sure what kind of dog this was tested for , but our puppy made mincemeat of it in no time ! Skip this chicken !
 I bought this toy thinking it was like the `` henrietta '' rubber chicken toys . It definitely is not the same quality . The toy is too thin and broke almost immediately by a 20 lb . dog . The `` henrietta '' toys are great and I 'd recommend those over this brand .
 sorry for the toy , but did n't work at all for me , had to return it , the only good about this toy is the fake mouse .
 I have a pitbull boxer mix who is definitely a chewer and likes to play . I bought this at the local Gabe 's for $ 2.99 . It lasted -LRB- honestly -RRB- 2 minutes . Charlie was able to bite a big hole through the side . The squeaker was n't very strong -- you had to squeeze it in the right place . I guess I got what I paid for , but I would definitely not recommend it .
 I wish I did get this product , it was cheap and cute , but there were n't any left in stock : -LRB-
 After having a pet sitter watch my 14 year old Golden Retriever for a week , I came home to find her infested with fleas . By the time I realized that these little critters were all over my dog it was too late to bathe her . So I ran to Wal-Mart bought Hartz UltraGuard Plus Flea and Tick Spray , Hartz Flea Shampoo with Aloe , and Hartz Flea and Tick 3 month drop supply . As soon as I got home I read the directions and began spraying away hoping to make a dent in their population before bathing her the following day . The directions state that if you have a dog with long hair you need to `` ruffle '' the hair and make sure that the product touches the skin . As I was doing this I noticed that all of her hair was falling out in clumps and sticking to my fingernails . My hands were covered in her fur and I could n't see the end of my fingers through the mass of fur stuck to my nails . I figured it was just because the spray was wet , however , when I finally washed my hands , I realized that all my nailpolish was gone . It had taken my nailpolish off and had bonded the hair to my sticky nails . I panicked and bathed her quickly knowing that it must be burning the crap out of her skin ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 We have used this product for our dogs and bought the spray for the cats too . It stinks and the animals all ended up foaming at the mouth . They constantly vomited due to the urge to clean themselves and looked sick for days . Yes it did kill the fleas , but is it worth your animals suffering to do so ? Plus the animals all ended up with raw , red skin due to a reaction . They all sat around foaming at the mouth for days . I found reviews online claiming this product sent many animals to the hospital with the same symptoms ours had . I would stay away from this product because it makes your animals sick . Plus you ca n't touch them for a few days after the application due to the sticky residue and it 's hard to stay away from them when they want attention . Find something else to use that is n't dangerous . We have thrown brand new bottlews out and will never use it again .
 The product was not what I thought it was going to be and our dogs really do n't play with it . I would n't buy another one .
 I bought this product thinking it would be helpful with daily litter box cleaning . Well , it has been helpful to a small extent , but I still find myself raking chunks of waste out on a daily basis . The rake does n't catch everything , which of course , leads to utter stink.I 've only owned this product for 3 months and I 've already been through 2 of them . The first one I purchased would rake everything up , but the receptacle lid would get stuck in an upright position , leaving my apartment smelling worse than a normal litter box . Fortunately the pet store exchanged that one out for my second one -LRB- my current one -RRB- . It does n't get stuck , but the ramp -LRB- that supposedly catches the litter -- and let me tell you , it really does n't -RRB- broke because you have to * bend * these plastic clamps outward to fit on the litter box . Well , I apparently bent it too hard and the plastic broke . -LRB- There really should of been a better design in regards to the ramp . -RRB- The rake already has bent spikes . I 'm not sure if that is a warping issue or if it is just cheap plastic . I also bought a tent , and it appears the plastic rods are already beginning to warp . Talk about cheap plastic parts!My final complaint with this product is the noise . My cat has a hard time going near it , partly because she is so skittish and freaks at the noise and the fact it moves on its own . I 've been using `` Cat Attract Litter '' and so far it 's worked ; but today , she left me a big stinky present in my hallway.If her behavior towards this product does not improve , I will be forced to throw it away . The poor craftsmanship of this product does not convince me to acclimate her to the litter box . IF the product was made better -- I would do whatever it takes to get her used to it . But I 'm thinking I probably just threw $ 150 out the window .
 There is nothing better than not having to worry about changing a litter box . Even better than that would the fact there is absolutely no smell . HOWEVER , this product broke within the first month . I think $ 100 a month is a bit more than I would spend on litter and my labor to scoop the box -- what do you think ?
 I 've owned several of the Littermaid units over the years . This is probably my last . Unfortunately , I 've found them to breakdown . With the current design , the gear starts slipping with age - at least for my unit . Despite one email and three messages through Littermaid 's website , they are not contacting me about the latest problem . It 's been about three months now since I first wrote them . The rake will move a bit , get caught and apparently the gears start slipping making quite a racket . I have to keep giving it a shove to start it moving again . When it reaches the park position , the gears slip and it will just keep slipping until someone comes and turns it off - very bothersome in the middle of the night . When working correctly , the motor will reverse if it reaches park and runs into resistance , e.g. a mound of built up kitty litter , e.g. my cat seems to know exactly where to paw the litter while covering up her business . After a given number of tries , the unit will shutoff . However , if the gears are slipping , it wo n't reverse and wo n't shut off . I 'm now having to run the unit once a day and be there to keep the rake moving . The current unit was replaced under warranty about ten months ago.I 've found that the waste receptacle can sometimes be slightly difficult to remove . It 's front edge must slip under some tabs . With time , litter will build up on the floor around the pan.The price is very reasonable for this unit and all you need to use is a good , clumping litter . Littermaid recommends several brands . The current design has a bag of carbon which fits into the lid to help control smells . The unit will only smell if the waste receptacle is overfilled and the lid sits open . Another automatic unit on Amazon appears to use a special , rather expensive `` litter '' . In general , I have liked using an automatic unit . For me , it 's much better than scooping and keeps the cat pan clean . I would really like to give this unit more than two stars .
 I have owned two of these over the years.I bought one -LRB- foolishly -RRB- and someone tried to get rid of theirs by giving it to me . Instead of going into a long story I will just tell you that it is inconvenient , smells horrible , the noise of the motor scares the cats , and it is a defective waste of money.I ended setting mine out by the dumpster just to get rid of it . Oh , and the tent you can purchase seperate is very poor quality , a pain to remove anything to change out , and not worth the money.An expensive piece of garbage.Don ' t believe the hype .
 I ordered this directly from LitterMaid and paid way too much money for it . It arrived broken . And LitterMaid 's customer service is horrible . They are of no help - I have an expensive broken litter box . Do yourself a favor - avoid this poor quality product from a company that simply does n't care .
 after reading all the positive reviews , i purchased this product and followed the instructions . i was in dismay when my dog furiously began scratching , licking and was biting at herself even more after the first shampoo . she started to lose her appetite , her immune system was down and kept on shedding and scratching as if she was going crazy . i thought this product was suppose to reduce the irritation not cause more . i read many articles about dogs itchy skin and they say that ocean water is the best so i took her to the beach and let her run and swim and viola she stopped itching immediately !! if you do n't have access to the beach , a bath or sponge bathe in warm epsom salt solution does the trick . i ca n't tell you how relieved i am to find an all natural and simple solution for my dog 's itchy skin !!!
 This did n't help with my pups itching , though I think that 's because he turned out to have a food allergy . I 'm sure it would be just fine if the itching were caused by any other irritant .
 The smallest collar was too big for my 14 pound pomeranian . She chewed through the nylon collar the first day we had it . After hearing what a great product this was and searching for this collar , then waiting 2 weeks to receive it , what a disappointment !
 While this type of collar deserves 5 stars , this particular collar seems poorly constructed . I had a previous martingale from a pet store that my lab pup grew out of , so I replaced it with this one . The collar material seemed cheap , the chain leaves residue on my yellow 's neck , a grayish stain that is hard to remove . I 'm suspecting this is classic Chinese Craftsmanship . Throwing mine away once I find a nice replacement .
 Just like most dog coats and jackets , it ca n't be a warm in freezing temperature if it is open on the front . The dog 's back is covered but everywhere else has no protection . If it would have been designed better I would have not mind to pay more for it .
 Sizes were crazy as I tried two different shipments to get a correct size and neither were successful - therefore , no good
 Never even received this item , wasted my money -_- I also called the company who shipped and they said they were going to call me back with a case number and nothing . Upsetting , wanted this for my pupp .
 This coat just does n't stay on my dog . It slides around even though I fasten the velcro straps as snugly as I can . I do n't think the velcro will last either . Some of the seams are not properly sewn . It 's not worth the money , so I 'll return it . Too bad .
 I went by the reviews and I guess missed something along the way . . I bought this for my 11 lb Chihweenee , who is about 13 '' long ... way way way to small in length and in girth ... Velcro was pretty cheap as well ... Red is not the beautiful deep red as the picture shows , not even the strawberry red as `` they '' had described it . . more like a very faded red ... . Not a good purchase ... oh and it took forever to ship / receive it . .
 I loved the coat itself . Was pretty and warm , however , the velcro used to fasten it was very poor quality . I had to send the coat back for a refund .
 i have a sighthound , when it gets cold i want at least part of him covered so he will be warm when he does his business and during our walks . as a puppy at full speed he ripped the strap off completely just playing in the yard there are no arm holes this is a `` cape '' design with a single velcro strap made with the same material as the coat and was easily ripped apart by a 12 week old pup .
 It would have been a great purchase if it actually fit . I measured my dog and ordered the appropriate size . This would fit a dog about 6 inches smaller than my dog . It is nicely made , however .
 Within five minutes of giving this to a 20lb dog , it was destroyed . I would n't recommend it .
 NOT A CHEW TOY - stated in the fine print . My lab puppy had this is pieces in less than 5 minutes . Very dissapointed , as I has searched for something like this after my pup took an interest in something similar another a dog had . How can you make a dog toy that ca n't be chewed on ????
 I love the noise this toy makes as does my dog , but it is not chew friendly . In fact , I have no clue what it is made of ? I thought I might be breakable because it feels like some sort of porcelain . My dog wo n't play with it . I wish it was made of tire material for his chewing . Would not buy again : -LRB-
 I was disappointed with this cushion and will definitely return it . It 's possible that I got a defective one , but it barely heats up -- I 'd say it warms only by one to two degrees -- not nearly what I expected nor what a product that calls itself `` self-warming '' should deliver .
 My cats hate the noise this makes when they step on it . I 've tried it in various spots but they take a step onto it and it makes a crinkling noise and they go elsewhere.It 's soft enough , and looks fine ... for a cat that does n't mind the noise maybe it 's good .
 I was really disappointed with the cushion . My cat wo n't sit on it because of the crinkling noise it makes when she steps on it -- catnip did n't even work . And it did n't seem to warm up very much when I used it .
 My cat does not like this mat at all because it crinkles -LRB- makes noise -RRB- when she steps on it . Unfortunately , this noise scares her away . And believe me this noise is pretty noticeable even for me . I do not think that it was a smart idea to put such a fabric inside . Overall , the pad looks nice but that noise ... Have not decided what to do with the product and regret I did not read all reviews carefully .
 this may be a great item , but my cat runs away at the crackling sound and has not deigned to sit on it . i will return it or pass it on to a friend with a dog . it is a very attractive pad , and could be of use to a human . i bought it for my cat , though , that 's why only 2 stars .
 I was hoping this product would at least heat up a little because I have one cat that always seem to be cold . Although she did lie on it a couple of times , I would notice that it would not get warm . I would touch the cushion as soon as my cat would get up and I did not notice a difference in heat from this product compared to a standard blanket . Also , my cat was scared to get on it in the first place because of the crunchy sound it would make . Overall I say you are better off just buying some warm blankets for kitty .
 Do n't waste your time and effort . Retailer does n't have their act together for Amazon partnership . They promised me an order by December 12 . 4 days and $ 13 in shipping fees later , I have no thermal cat quilt to give as gift at tomorrow 's party . Do n't let this happen to you .
 When I saw these self-warming thermal cat cushions , I was so excited . We have two outdoor cats and I thought this would be so neat to keep them warm in the winter . I ordered two . My cats were terrified of them because of the crinkling like noise they made every time one of the cats tried to approach them . We could not believe that anyone that knows anything about cats would not realize that cats or other animals would not fear a strange noise . We wanted them to work so badly but the cats would walk way around them to avoid them . We put one of the cats directly on the cushion hoping to persuade him . He fleed in terror . We just packaged it back up and sent it back . If you buy one of these self-warming cat cushions , please be aware that it is quite noisy !
 This product may work for some species , but my Catahoula was not at all interested by scent or sight . I would not purchase again : -LRB-
 I bought this project hoping my GSD mix and my GSD would play tug of war with it . Instead , my German Shepherd completely destroyed it within 30 minutes of me throwing it to him . He completely destroyed the balls within 10 minutes -LRB- chewing them to pieces -RRB- and then proceeded to unwind and eat the rope . I ended up taking it from him and throwing it away .
 This was touted as being indestructible/chew proof . My 1 yr old golden retriever had it almost torn in half with one chomp within first 5 minutes of using it.I did like the paw prints design , but it 's useless .
 Cute Design , however the leash ripped in less than a week , i also bought the collar through Lupine and I was happy with that product . Maybe my dog is just too tough , who knows , but I hope Lupine will exchange/replace the leash.-dave
 Not a bad product , my dogs just did not like them . These are rawhide that is minced and shaped like sausage links . They are supposed to taste like pork . I returned them .
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 Literally exploded within a week of using . I used it with normal use , on during day for 12hrs and off at night . One day it just burst into pieces when I was sitting right next to it and my Iguana was basking . I 'm not sure if its the product i purchased or the manufacturer , but it seems dangerous and I switched to another bulb .
 Literally exploded within a week of using . I used it with normal use , on during day for 12hrs and off at night . One day it just burst into pieces when I was sitting right next to it and my Iguana was basking . I 'm not sure if its the product i purchased or the manufacturer , but it seems dangerous and I switched to another bulb .
 Bought the D.A.P. collar with high hopes that it would calm my 2 year old Pomerainan.She 's a bit aggressive with growling and jumping and I wanted something to calm her down.She 's been wearing the collar for over a week now and there has been NO change in herbehavior at all.I was very disappointed with this product .
 DAP seems more about treating the owner rather than treating the dog . I tried this product and did n't see any effects . Nervous about Bonfire night and all the fireworks , I went to see my Vet and they suggested Calmex . I 'd recommend it over DAP any day ! It gets to work within 30 minutes !
 The collar did not affect my Yorkie 's behavior at ALL . Now I know Yorkies are hyper to begin with , so maybe it does n't work with dogs that are inherently yappy anyway . Also they have more of a `` fur '' than a thin coat of hair , so maybe it could n't get close enough to his skin ? Absolutely no difference in his barking and territoriality .
 I have a 7 year old puppy mill Brussels Griffon who has suffered from an almost endless variety of anxieties and phobias since puppyhood . Prescription medication helps , but I thought if I could go a more holistic route I would love to wean him off of his prozac . Unfortunately , although some dogs react positively to pheromones , it seems many -LRB- most ? -RRB- do not . Worth a shot , but after 4 full weeks there has been no difference in his personality or behaviors .
 My dog , a 7 year old Chihuahua mix , suffers from separation anxiety . I purchased the DAP collar , spray , and diffuser even though in my opinion they were quite expensive . She has been under the influence of DAP for over two weeks now and I have seen no difference whatsoever . Therefore , I give this product a one star rating .
 Do n't waste your money on this gimmick . I followed the instructions to the letter for my overly anxious 4-month old Sheltie pup and did n't notice ANY improvement after a full two weeks .
 We bought the DAP to try to calm my chihuahua who has mild separation anxiety -LRB- some barking , not destructive -RRB- and problems with strangers . We tried combining the diffuser and collar for almost two months -- did n't notice any change . In fact , the collar seemed to bother him as he scratched more . We tossed it .
 I think my dog is in the 20 % of those it does n't work for . For the money it was worth a try though .
 For the money it was worth a try . Our dog has n't responded at all and it 's been about 2 weeks since we put the collar on . The reason we bought it was separation anxiety and we have n't seen any improvement . We are going to try the diffuser next as some people have better luck with that when the collars do n't work .
 Does the title say enough ? Do n't bother - this really does not work at all ... I mean AT ALL !!
 This did not work at all for my dog . There was no change that was noticeable . It did nothing to make him relax .
 Our dog is very nervous and our vet suggested we try this collar . She warned us that it does n't always have an effect , and it did not . -LRB- We bought 2 collars and the dog wore them for a total of 8 weeks . -RRB-
 This product may work for some dogs , but it had NO affect at all on my dog . She is a rescue dog with some issues , so I ended up putting her on medication for separation anxiety after I exhausted all options including this . It may work for others , but if the dogs issues are more than mild , probably wont .
 Bought this because I had read about how it can calm dogs down . My Shih-Tzu puppy is so hyper and my other one is very calm . I have not seen any difference and he has been wearing it a week . I would not buy it again .
 Unfortunately this collar did not work for my dog who licks her paws/pads daily . I wonder if there is a money back guarantee ??
 the product is expensive and worthless ! the company does not stand behind it 's product!Amazon is great in that they were able to refund our money when the Company selling the product was unwilling to even consider the fact that their product did not perform as advertised .
 this product did n't work at all . it 's entirely possible that our pooch is just a little too disturbed , but this product did absolutely nothing .
 I bought this for our new puppy . I did not notice a change in his whining or barking . I actually thought it was a waste of money !
 I have n't noticed any reduction in my dog 's fearfulness and reactivity after him wearing this for a month . I probably wo n't get another one .
 This may work for some dogs , but we have a highly anxious dog that this did NOTHING for ! For the money i am quite disappointed . However , i do know that these products can depend on the individual . much like anxiety treatment for humans . But , again , these are quite expensive .
 I was very very displeased when I received my package of DAP puppy collars and it only contained ONE collar . The picture specifically shows two boxes throughout the whole ordering transaction therefore I believed I was getting two for the price of $ 16.83 I could have ordered One on another website for $ 9.99 So , in other words I thought I was getting a bargain . The images need to be changed because they are deceiving . Thanks once again for a waste of my money ... $ 22 total for One collar unbelievable . I guess you live and you learn .
 I bought this because my dog has severe separation anxiety - barking non stop , tearing up the house - severe . The vet prescribed medications , and suggested we try some DAP products , such as collars and diffusers . With the combination of medications , collar , and diffuser ; my dog stays calm while I am gone -LRB- to my knowledge - nobody in my apartment has been complaining of her barking , so I am assuming that she is quiet -RRB- . HOWEVER - about two weeks after her wearing the collar , I noticed a large sore . Pink and oozing some fluids . I took the collar off right away , and tried to contact adaptil - their website has only an email form and I submitted it three times , I 'm not even sure that it worked . I threw the box and packaging away after I noticed improvement , so I doubt I can get a refund from amazon . I am not very happy at all - spend your money on a different DAP collar with better customer service , in case you have a problem like mine -LRB- after reading reviews , I think several dogs have developed sores from this collar -RRB- As far as working , I think it helped . But if I were to purchase a DAP collar again , it will definitely be a different brand , with better customer service .
 The DAP air diffuser works great for Ozzie , but this collar set him off immediately on old behaviors like biting himself and marking the house . As soon as I took it off , he recovered . We continue to use the air diffuser with great success .
 VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT . UNABLE TO PROPERLY HOOK ON . WOULD NOT GO THROUGH HINGE AND THE COLLAR CAME OFF AND WAS LOST . TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY .
 I ordered all of these products , the diffuser , the collars , and the spray . They made no difference in my dogs anxiety , they do not calm as advertised . I was very disappointed in this product . line .
 RECEIVED THIS OVERPRICED DOG PHEROMONE COLLAR . DO N'T BUY - THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY - DOES NOTHING AT All - MY DOG STILL SHAKES LIKE A LEAF .
 This product absolutely did not work for my dog 's nervous habit of licking the carpet . Prozac did n't work so I thought I would try this as it was highly recommended . No luck ! : -LRB-
 Bought this collar for my barking dog but it did n't seem to calm her at all.Product had a very nice fragrance to it .
 Sorry , it just did n't work :-LRB- My jack russell has separation anxiety and really hates it if he thinks we are leaving . I was hoping that this little collar would chill him out a little bit but after a month , no change .
 Used the DAP for a month with no change in level of dogs anxiety.Would sugest for others to try because it is worth it to find something that may work for your dog .
 I would advise people to buy a &#34; Thundershirt &#34; instead of this collar as it did not work for my puppy and he hardly has separation anxiety . I talked to my vet and my PetSmart puppy teacher about these collars and they wished I had spoken to them earlier as they would have advised against it as they know it hardly works for the dogs .
 These expensive bird feeders fell apart in a few short months . The plastic at the bottom cracked , and the metal cage had nothing on which to grasp . JUNK !
 The squirrels in my neighborhood love this feeder . They hang onto the wire , upside down , and eat their little hearts out ... and empty my feeder in about three days.I got ta figure a better way to make sure that the birds can eat , but not the squirrels .
 It is not easy to fill . The plastic that holds the feed is upside down and as you fill the seed falls out . Terrible design . Sorry I purchased itWish I could return it .
 Unfortunately , when I received this feeder , one of the pegs at the base was broken . I returned it not only because of this broken peg , but because it is very , very large and the plastic piece in the middle was scratched up terribly .
 Product arrived on time and in good condition . The light only worked for 3 days .
 the house had two many opennings , the top kept popping off the house was more translucent than i throught the hooks that came with the house would not work and my hamster did not like like it she went it twice and the top kept comming off , and not only i could see her but she could also see me and she did not like that so i ended up putting gray tape all around the house and i also had to cover all the opennings but one because the bedding kept comming out of the house and now see is happy , because she can not see me unless she comes out the house would not buy again .
 I did n't see any changes in the behaviour of my pet after using the collar for so many weeks . Do n't waste your money on this , in my opinion . Use it to buy him some treats instead . : o -RRB-
 This product did not do anything in the way of appeasing my dog . It was honestly a last ditch effort . He has separation anxiety , that only got worse with the move . He was on a couple of different anti-anxiety medicines , and they were n't helping either . I would not take my dogs reaction as an indication of the abilities of this product . I think he was beyond help . The only this that has mildly helped him , is a walk every morning and evening . So take my review for what its worth .
 After about 2 weeks of use , this collar irritated our dogs neck area -LRB- under collar -RRB- to the point where he had a bald spot there and also had broken skin -LRB- bleeding -RRB- . We did n't see him scratch this area either . Just an FYI , thought we should warn people about this possibility . No response from seller about my concerns , so I wrote a review for people to see .
 I bought this collar for my new boxer , who was rescued from a puppy mill . We have had her for about 6 weeks , and she is still very afraid of my husband . I thought the collar would be soothing , as described . I put it on her in the afternoon , and left it on overnight . When I got her out of her crate in the morning , her head was shaking uncontrollably ! I had not seen her do this before . Sometimes she trembles slightly when my husband is in the room , but this was really scary ! I took the collar off immediately and got it out of the house . The collar is infused with a pheromone produced by mother dogs , which in a normal dog , should be comforting . BUT think about it -LRB- I did n't ! -RRB- , if your dog has come from a place filled with mother dogs -LRB- and their scent -RRB- , a place where she was possibly treated badly , a place she needs to put behind her , then this scent is not what she needs to feel comforted . I never considered that until after I saw her reaction ! I do n't know if this collar will comfort a `` normal '' dog , but it definitely was the wrong thing for my puppy mill rescue .
 Did not notice much of a difference even after two weeks . Do not know if a longer trial experience is needed to notice a positive difference . .
 Easy to use , but my dog kept trying to get it off and it jazzed him up , if anything . Not the calming influence I was hoping for .
 My veterinarian recommended I try this product for a dog with severe separation anxiety . We had tried the DAP spray and outlet dispensers with no success , but I thought it was worth a try . I 'm sorry to say that it did not help his anxiety at all . It did n't hurt anything , but I do not recommend it , as it was basically just throwing money away with this dog . Perhaps if a dog only has mild anxiety , it may work , but for us it did not .
 I bought this product knowing it would be a hit or miss with my dog , as many of these behavioral remedies are . My chow chow has severe separation anxiety . I was open to trying everything and I still am . Unfortunately , this did not help or hurt , even combined with the prozac and other herbal remedies .
 I was really looking forward to trying this collar . I had heard about it on a local pet show on TV . My lab has issues with certain sounds and storms . Unfortunately it did not work for him .
 Shipped fast . Did absolutely nothing for my dog when we had a bad thunderstorm ! She was the same basket case whether she had this collar on or not !
 After using this product for a week , instead of calming my over enthusiastic 11 year old it actually had the opposite effect and made him more insane .
 I got told this collar might help to calm my dog in the car but unfortunately it has n't worked . He still shivers and open mouth breaths but it was worth a try , i know it has worked on other dogs unfortunately for me this was n't the case .
 Our Chocolate Lab has a lot of anxiety/fear issues & we bought this after his trainer from puppy school recommended it , hoping it would help appease his anxiety a little . Honestly did not make the slightest difference in his behavior . We tried it for the first time right before a 3hr car ride -LRB- he usually has anxiety in the car -RRB- and to my surprise , his anxiety was actually WORSE than it normally is in the car . I tried checking the papers inside to see if there was a Money Back Guarantee , but there is n't . Very upset I wasted so much money on this . : -LRB-
 This product did not help my Greyhound . She really missed her friends and the pack that she ran with . Good luck .
 My dog has separation anxiety as a rescue dog . This was my last option before going to vet for drugs . Sadly to say my dog was still jumping fences .
 Our veterinarian recommended this product and we actually purchased it through their office for double the price . Some reviewers have speculated this product 's ineffectiveness stems from getting it from sources other than your veterinarian . I am writing to dispute that . We tried this collar in combination with 1mg of xanax for our two-year-old Vizsla mix with separation anxiety . Neither worked . We tried two collars over two months and saw no change in our dog 's behavior . He still chewed up random items in the house when we left . For $ 80 for the two collars , we feel cheated . For $ 36 , we ordered a Thundershirt , which will last much much longer than a collar . Look it up on Amazon , it may be worth trying that before the DAP collar or diffuser . We have n't got it in the mail yet , but are more hopeful for that product in combination with continued behavior modification .
 I got this -LRB- and the spray -RRB- for my son 's 1-year-old rescue Boxer who has severe separation anxiety . Neither product was effective with THIS dog . I know other people who got much better results and that 's why I wanted to try it out . The collar is difficult to fit properly and if it does n't have continuous , direct contact with the body , the pheromone ca n't be absorbed into the skin . Then try to adjust the collar ... no way ! It was worth a try but certainly did n't help the situation at all . My son continues behavior modification strategies - slow , but sure - and he 's making progress . I just wish this product could have helped it along .
 our dog is a bit schitzo , & this didn ' t calm him . i was n't expecting a different dog-but the claims as to a calming effect were bogus . sad .
 This collar made absolutely no difference in my dog 's behavior . Perhaps it would work for a puppy but it did nothing for my older dog .
 We purchased this product for our dog after moving into a new home . We started having bathroom issues with her . She would urinate in the house as soon as she was left alone . She is an older dog and we have never had this problem before . Some one suggested this product so we tried the collar . We saw no change in her behavior . She was not any more calm or comforted by wearing the collar . The collar also has a bad odor and her fur around her neck began to smell bad after a couple of days with it on . Personally I would not recommend this product .
 This product did not work for my dog 's separation anxiety at all . We ended up going with medication from the vet as our last resort .
 Kinda seems like magic beans . Had it on our dog and did n't notice much of a change . Then you have to buy replacement collars if you want to continue .
 My vet recommended this for my dog with separation anxiety . Wearing the collar did not lessen his anxiety or his destruction when he was left alone .
 I just had my dog at the vet . She does not deal with storms well at all and is a little neurotic as it is . I just bought the pheromone collar called nurturecalm24/7 - when reviewing DAP and another different collars I noticed the amount of pheromones in each . It looks like the Nurturecalm has the most percentage of pheromones compared to the other brands.I just wanted to inform people that are trying these collars and did n't have much effect possibly try Nurturecalm . Nurturecalms pheromone percentage is 9 % and the other 2 brands I reviewed were 2.5 % and 6 % , So for those of you that got a little change but not enough for what you were hoping , maybe try Nurture brand with the higher percentage of pheromones.Bella just got hers today so we will see what happens . I am hopeful this will help her !
 Within a few days this product started making my dag violently sick . This product was vet recommended . After a 350 dollar vet bill , i removed the collar and my dog got better within a few days . Its unfortunate i didnt heed the other warnings that the customer reviews published on Amazon .
 This may work for some dogs , but not mine . I was really hoping it would help her with her separation anxiety . But , she got worse . She started to have excessive drooling , swollen tongue , bloodshot eyes , elevated body heat - every time I left . I have since removed the collar and over the course of a few days she has gone back to her `` normal '' anxiety level . We 're still working on it . I tried the thundershirt - did not work . Tried rescue remedy - did not work . Tried calming treats , stuffed frozen kongs , and more - nothing worked . Two days ago I began to take her cycling - she trots alongside me . This seems to be tiring her out a little bit - in turn , taking some of the edge off . I have also been working to desensitize her - picking up car keys , putting shoes on , doing things to act as if I 'm leaving - but then , I sit down or do some chores - I do n't leave . Now she ca n't tell if I 'm going to do the dishes or walk out the door . I think we 're onto something . I hope .
 I have tried both the difuser and the collar together and my older dog is still stressed and peeing on the floor .
 I purchased the collar because my 4 year old standard poodle is afraid of thunder , fireworks , etc. . On a perfectly clear calm day I put the collar on my dog who promptly retreated to my bathroom -LRB- his usual hiding place -RRB- and curled up and refused to leave . I removed the collar and tried again a couple of days later with the same result . This was NOT what I expected or desired . I threw the collar away and received a holistic calmative from my vet .
 Collar was used along with DAP diffuser and did not help our dog with Thunderstorm anxiety .
 Worthless P.O.S Placebo . That 's all this is . It 's not a collar , it 's a piece of rubber you tie around your dogs neck that usually falls off , and considering it 's typically used for puppies having a hard time surviving without their mother , well when it falls off you find puppy has sunk his teeth into it . Save your money , buy the spray cause that stuff actually works .
 Had this on our dog for two weeks with no change in separation anxiety , fear of other dogs or any other type of nervousness . Collar was extremely difficult to put on and take off . I would like to see some scientific study of this product as I put it with the placebo effect and the laundry ball .
 This collar did not work at all , my dog still howls whenever I leave . Waste of money !
 I ordered the ADAPTIL brand D.A.P. collar for my dog . This is what I had purchased previously from our veterinarian per her recommendation . We had great results from this specific collar.I received the CEVA brand D.A.P brand collar instead . This is NOT what I ordered . I would appreciate being informed if another brand collar is being substituted for my requested item before it is shipped . This is not acceptable .
 Bought this collar because my dog has severe separation anxiety . Wanted to try something simple like this before I looked into meds , etc. . Collar came , resembles that of an old flea collar . Had it on my dog for four weeks straight like it recommends , and saw absolutely NO difference in the anxious behavior . Perhaps it works with small things such as fear of people , but if you have an extreme case - I suggest you skip it .
 My new rescue dog has separation anxiety so I was hoping for some calming effect when coupled with training . There was no apparent effect . Perhaps this product is better for other problems . I was disappointed .
 I had high hopes for this product , but within hours of putting on the collar , my dog had both vomiting and diarrhea - and my dog almost never vomits , so I doubt its a coincidence.From reading the reviews , it seems pretty hit or miss , and at its cheap price tag , you might as well try it - hopefully you have better luck than I.
 We tried this product , but it seemed to have no effect on our rescue dog , who is terrified of rain .
 I had high hopes for this one . I 've tried other pheromone-type collars with good results . Unfortunately , this one did nothing to calm my anxiety-prone dog . I would not buy it again .
 My vet suggested one of these based on her assumption that my dog is anxious . It 's had no effect so far , but my take is that the dog is ANYTHING but anxious . He 's just easily excitable , especially in the car -LRB- which he loves to ride in -RRB- and barks like crazy at anything that moves - cyclists , runners , flags , birds , it does n't matter . Traffic cones seem to set him off too . He has a huge smile the whole time ; he 's not anxious , he 's having a blast . I gave 2 stars instead of 1 because I think this is a treatment for a problem my dog does n't have.I 'm also trying a DAP spray and a calming dog chew called Composure -LRB- both also available on Amazon -RRB- and they have had no noticeable effect either . Acepromazine works , but my vet frowns on anything more than very occasional use of it in special circumstances . Sigh .
 Thundershirt did not make any difference in our dog 's behavior . We followed all instructions and training to no avail . When I inquired about returning it to DAB nutrition where I purchased it I was informed it could not be returned ! What a waste of time and money !
 I ordered this in mid-november and began using it shortly after it was received and the bulb is already burned out . I 'm not sure of the expected life of the bulb , but I would expect it should last longer than a little over a month . I 'll be calling Fluker to see if they will replace it or if this is expected .
 This product was very flimsy ! The roof of the house would not even stay on . It is for a small hamster and mine was a little too big!I definately would not buy it again !!
 Have used this product for years with great success ; HOWEVER , buy Miracle-Gro Water Storing Crystals and make your own . Exact same active ingredient minus the Ca and other minerals but your herp 's diet should be taking care of this or you can dust with supplements . You will cry when you see how cheap it is to make your own .
 I got this for my cockatiel to play with ... I attached a string to them and hung them inside the cage but all he did was hiss at them ! I am going to get a ferret soon and I guess they will be the ferret 's to take over . I loved the bright colors and the bells make it more interactive!Okay for ferrets bad for birds ...
 This product did not help my dog with her skin allergy . Dont waste your money . My dog did not have a serious problem but this did nothing to help .
 very disappointed ! the advertisement said this was a PET-MED for pet allergies ; however , the dosage on the label says it 's for adults and children and makes no mention of dogs !
 This product worked for four or five hours before it stopped working . Customer service was slow to respond to emails but was reasonably helpful . They replaced the power cord , after which the fan worked for another hour or two before dying again . Rather than wasting any more of my time I 'm going to buy a different product.It might work more consistently on battery power , if that 's what you want it for . I wanted it primarily for plug-in operation , and I do n't recommend it for that application .
 I got this for my ferret and the hole in the front is n't even big enough to get in , not to mention it 's made out of very cheap and thin fabric . Would not reccommend , it 's practically unusable .
 I ca n't comment about the product itself but can tell you that the customer service on this product is not good . I mistakenly ordered the product twice and needed to cancel one of them , and tried repeatedly to call the company . NO ONE answered the phone for the returns or existing order department . Honestly , I hung on for almost an hour . When I tried calling sales , I finally reached someone but they quickly transferred me back to no man 's land . I called back AGAIN and the person told me that maybe that department was `` out to lunch . '' I called back AGAIN to sales and finally got a nice man to help me cancel one of the orders . This was honestly and all day affair . I hope the product that does come is worth it , if it comes !
 When I received this item their were parts missing , and the plastic that cover 's the bulbs also had a crack in it . As another person stated , this was pathetic packaging and you would think someone would check item before shipping!The hood will serve its purpose but is very cheaply made . I 'm sure their are much better choices for 105 bucks !
 When I received this item , the end caps and the top were cracked . The cheap plastic bulb cover was pushed in and difficult to get out , and was also cracked . I contribute this to the packaging material and the box used to ship . I received this package in a box that was more than 3x the size of the actual unit , and the only means of packing material included in the box was 1 big brown piece of paper that failed to do its job.The mounting brackets for this seem very insecure . You have to slide them onto the ends of the hood , and there is nothing keeping them in place other than the weight of the hood itself . When I go to lift the hood back , it seems like it slides ever so slightly.I returned the unit and requested a new one . The new one arrived in worse shape than the first , in addition to missing the mount brackets and the chain mounting kit . I am sure this hood does what it is intended to do , but as far as this hood is concerned , `` you get what you pay for '' comes to mind . Luckily Amazon is pretty amazing with their customer service and if I were rating them on how they handled this it would be 4 out of 5 stars . . I opted to purchase the AquaticLife Dual Lamp T5 HO Freshwater Light - 48 in . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/AquaticLife-Dual-Lamp-Freshwater-Light/dp/B002BHBQ30/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1334846494&sr;=8-1 -RRB- and I find it to be WAY better than this product for around the same price range . Also the Aquaticlife lamp has the option of attaching 2 hoods together which I find pretty useful.good luck .
 I like this design , utilizing the newer T5 lights . The mounting design makes it easy to fit and attach the hood to a variety of tank sizes -LRB- max size is 48 inches -RRB- . However , the materials used tend to be cheap , and the assembly & packing are sub-par . There are no installation instructions included - you will need to remove 1 end-cap to remove the splash guard and install the bulbs.When I first received the unit , there were no mounting brackets in the box , and the splash shield was broken -LRB- the plastic is way to flimsy and brittle -RRB- . I returned this unit in exchange for another of the same . The 2nd unit had a broken splash guard , and 1 of the 2 ballasts was faulty . Again , because I liked the design , I returned this unit in exchange for another of the same . The 3rd unit arrived in working condition , but had no mounting brackets . I foiled this mess-up , because I did not return the mounting brackets I received with the 2nd unit.I believe these problems , the broken splash shields , the broken ballast , and the missing mounts , are all due to the cheap materials used and the pathetic packaging this product is shipped in . The product comes shipped in a box that could not protect the product on a store shelf , forget about shipping . The box is not shipping grade corrugated cardboard , there is no protective packing materials in the box , and the box closing design is so minimal that every box I received was taped and re-taped multiple times before it reached my house.If there was a store nearby that carried this product , I would have bought it there after I returned the first unit , regardless of price , to save myself the time and trouble with the shipping of this online purchase.Now that I have the unit installed , in 1 piece , all working properly , I really like it . The 2 stars are the cheap plastic splash shield , and the incredibly bad packaging.Kudo 's to Amazon for their very accommodating return policy .
 Just to start off , I did n't actually get to use the item so that 's why I gave the product two stars . When I looked in the box the brackets were missing so I could n't attach it to my aquarium . It did come with a cable to hang from the ceiling but I was n't planning on doing that . Also , there was a crack on the protective glass , so I shipped the hood back .
 For the price it 's pretty good . Comes with a hanging system which is handy , and comes with brackets to mount to tank -LRB- but they are pretty flimsy and cheap -RRB- . As a whole the light seems cheaply made , but does the trick if you are looking for a cheaper T5 HO light . We 'll see how long it lasts ... . Also I would like it more if the cord was longer , and the switches were on the same side as the cord . And if you want to lay the light flat on glass , the cord kinda holds one side up ... Also , I have noticed that the whole fixture is twisted , it 's not straight , so it does n't sit flat , with or without the `` legs '' which is n't a big deal , just kind of odd , and a sign of poor craftsmanship.UPDATE AS OF OCTOBER 2011
 First one I received was defective and had to return . The electrical cord is too short . Larger than my last and kind of bulky . The best feature on this light is each blub has it 's own on/off switch .
 Looking at this item I just could not figure out 2 things 1 - how does it keep from tightening if the dog does pull ? and 2 - why does the leash part come off to one side rather than the underside so that you could walk the dog on either side - in the pic you can see the woman has the dog on her left - what happens if the dog crosses over to the other side ? With a gentle leader this is a little bit of a problem but then I just flip the leash to the otherside - with this I could not envision doing that because the leash still comes out to the side.Well within a few minutes of using it I had my answer - there is no way to prevent either of these issues from happening and for me that is a problem ! How can you give a correction if it gets tighter and stays tight ? What I really do n't like is that when it does stay tight it is sometimes not noticeable because they can still open their mouth and it looks loose but then you feel the part behind their ears and that is where the tightness stays!I walk my 105lb Moose on a gentle leader every day and he has no issues with it -LRB- though b/c of my own in attention to ` corrections ' he will now pull on that - my bad though - it has been an excellent solution -RRB- . But the first time I putt his on him he refused to move - it is just like his gentle leader but can be fit looser to start with . I convinced him to move we went on a walk with me loosening it every 2 minutes I would guess -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . Then we get to the front yard and he once again refuses to move - maybe mad about a shorter than usual walk but the thing that made this a serious problem is that I could not pull him to get him to move because it just keeps tightening ! Scary tight ! With the gentle leader the nose loop tightens until their mouth is closed but it can not get tighter - this can keep tightening - there is nothing to stop it ! I wo n't blame the leash for why he was being so stubborn but it is definitely the reason he won that battle ! -LRB- Seriously my dog is not that out of control either ! He is just big and strong ! -RRB- . So if the gentle leader works so well why did I get this ? Because I foster other dogs and as a rule they are all horrible on a leash because they have never been on one . I did not want to get another gentle leader because I would have to re-adjust it for each dog and this seemed like a better general tool for that . It is really easy to put on and the one foster I have tried this on accepted it immediately with nothing more than praise -LRB- not sure if that is just her personality though . -RRB- which is a great thing ! It is light weight and very strong and has reflective material along the whole thing and that is a bonus . Premier brand stuff is generally well made and this is no exception ! However , it is poorly designed in my opinion . There needs to be a stop that prevents it from tightening beyond a certain point -LRB- it would add one step to the adjustment process but worth it -RRB- and something that allows it to slip back to a loose state after a tug . I would love to see them improve on this.Read the other reviews to decide if this is right for your situaton - maybe it will work for you - A dog that walks at a nice ` heel ' would do great in this but then why have it ? If you have a dog who is likely to still pull then I do n't recommend this . If you do get it just be sure to check the tightness of the part behind the ears during your walk , do n't rely on looking at the nose loop to determine it is loose enough .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 I did n't have a chance to test this product due to the lousy customer service . I ordered a ` Tweener size and received a medium . When I attempted to return the medium for a larger size , the company sent another medium . Then I ended up returning both harnesses because I did n't want to give them another chance to mess up my order . As of this time , my credit card has not been credited for my return.Save yourself the trouble and buy from another vendor .
 This halter is very hard to use . It is very difficult to adjust . No matter what I did it remained tight around my puppy 's mouth . She was unable to pant or drink while it was on . I should have spent the money and gotten a Halti or Gentle Leader .
 by the time I figured out how to put the harness on my dog , we were both frustated . I bought another kind that is adjustable and once he was fitted , all he has to do is step into it -LRB- which took only one time -RRB- then it just clips on , much better and it keeps him from pulling on the leash .
 Looking at this item I just could not figure out 2 things 1 - how does it keep from tightening if the dog does pull ? and 2 - why does the leash part come off to one side rather than the underside so that you could walk the dog on either side - in the pic you can see the woman has the dog on her left - what happens if the dog crosses over to the other side ? With a gentle leader this is a little bit of a problem but then I just flip the leash to the otherside - with this I could not envision doing that because the leash still comes out to the side.Well within a few minutes of using it I had my answer - there is no way to prevent either of these issues from happening and for me that is a problem ! How can you give a correction if it gets tighter and stays tight ? What I really do n't like is that when it does stay tight it is sometimes not noticeable because they can still open their mouth and it looks loose but then you feel the part behind their ears and that is where the tightness stays!I walk my 105lb Moose on a gentle leader every day and he has no issues with it -LRB- though b/c of my own in attention to ` corrections ' he will now pull on that - my bad though - it has been an excellent solution -RRB- . But the first time I putt his on him he refused to move - it is just like his gentle leader but can be fit looser to start with . I convinced him to move we went on a walk with me loosening it every 2 minutes I would guess -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . Then we get to the front yard and he once again refuses to move - maybe mad about a shorter than usual walk but the thing that made this a serious problem is that I could not pull him to get him to move because it just keeps tightening ! Scary tight ! With the gentle leader the nose loop tightens until their mouth is closed but it can not get tighter - this can keep tightening - there is nothing to stop it ! I wo n't blame the leash for why he was being so stubborn but it is definitely the reason he won that battle ! -LRB- Seriously my dog is not that out of control either ! He is just big and strong ! -RRB- . So if the gentle leader works so well why did I get this ? Because I foster other dogs and as a rule they are all horrible on a leash because they have never been on one . I did not want to get another gentle leader because I would have to re-adjust it for each dog and this seemed like a better general tool for that . It is really easy to put on and the one foster I have tried this on accepted it immediately with nothing more than praise -LRB- not sure if that is just her personality though . -RRB- which is a great thing ! It is light weight and very strong and has reflective material along the whole thing and that is a bonus . Premier brand stuff is generally well made and this is no exception ! However , it is poorly designed in my opinion . There needs to be a stop that prevents it from tightening beyond a certain point -LRB- it would add one step to the adjustment process but worth it -RRB- and something that allows it to slip back to a loose state after a tug . I would love to see them improve on this.Read the other reviews to decide if this is right for your situaton - maybe it will work for you - A dog that walks at a nice ` heel ' would do great in this but then why have it ? If you have a dog who is likely to still pull then I do n't recommend this . If you do get it just be sure to check the tightness of the part behind the ears during your walk , do n't rely on looking at the nose loop to determine it is loose enough .
 I had to return 2 of these harnesses -LRB- and got dinged a 20 % restocking fee from this seller - on top of the cost of shipping both ways -RRB- . This harness does not work with all dogs . Both my dogs fit the `` girth measurement '' but the loop where the leash attaches drags on the ground . My two dogs were able to walk out of the thing and kept getting their front legs tangled up . Also there is one dimension where the harness ca n't be adjusted so you might find , as I did , that the girth measurement is correct , but it still is too big for your dog . The description should have warned the owners of `` short '' dogs that this would not be a good choice.If you want to try this out on your dog , buy it from a dealer who will refund ALL the purchase price without a 20 % restocking fee . It 's too risky otherwise .
 I did n't have a chance to test this product due to the lousy customer service . I ordered a ` Tweener size and received a medium . When I attempted to return the medium for a larger size , the company sent another medium . Then I ended up returning both harnesses because I did n't want to give them another chance to mess up my order . As of this time , my credit card has not been credited for my return.Save yourself the trouble and buy from another vendor .
 This halter is very hard to use . It is very difficult to adjust . No matter what I did it remained tight around my puppy 's mouth . She was unable to pant or drink while it was on . I should have spent the money and gotten a Halti or Gentle Leader .
 by the time I figured out how to put the harness on my dog , we were both frustated . I bought another kind that is adjustable and once he was fitted , all he has to do is step into it -LRB- which took only one time -RRB- then it just clips on , much better and it keeps him from pulling on the leash .
 Why is this stuff `` junk food '' ? Not because it 's 99 % sugar - that 's what hummingbirds drink real flower nectar for . It 's because this product , like so much human junk food , is laced with unnatural , unnecessary , and potentially hazardous chemicals . The description brags that it does n't contain any artificial sweeteners -LRB- duh ! -RRB- , but if this really is the original Perky Pet formula it does contain the food coloring Red # 40 . This synthetic coal-tar dye is the single most popular food coloring in the world , but it 's actually banned in some countries over concerns about its safety . From a health standpoint it 's important to remember that a hummingbird may drink more than * three times its weight * in nectar or feeder solutions each day . Even a relatively harmless chemical can have damaging effects at such high consumption rates.Unnecessary additives such as dyes , preservatives , and flavorings are just one reason that hummingbird experts discourage the use of products such as this one . Another is cost . Even the dye-free `` instant nectars '' contain absolutely nothing to justify a price that 's 5 to 8 times higher than that of ordinary white sugar -LRB- which is actually sucrose , the natural sugar hummingbirds prefer above all others -RRB- . A simple solution of 3 to 5 parts water to 1 part white table sugar is convenient , inexpensive , and much more natural for the birds . Remember to clean the feeder and change the solution every 2 to 5 days . For even happier , healthier hummingbirds , plant hummingbird-friendly flowers such as red salvias and columbines and keep your yard pesticide free to provide the tiny insects and spiders that they need for a well-rounded diet .
 There is no reason for the manufacturer to put red food coloring into this mix . There are numerous concerns about the effect on hummingbirds . This is reason enough to not buy this product . Buy a product without the dye.Better yet , just buy sugar . Use 4 parts water and 1 part sugar . Boil the water first and then add the sugar until dissolved . You will save money and perhaps a hummingbird 's life doing this versus buying dye tainted food . Hummingbird food is only sugar with coloring.CAUTION . DO NOT use artificial sweeteners or honey , use only sugar . Honey and sugar substitutes will malnourish and quickly kill hummingbirds . Sugar Only !
 The only thing in this that should be there is sugar . The rest is stuff you should n't be adding to your feathered friends diet . This stuff is also three times the price of baker 's sugar from any old grocery store , four times the price of regular granulated sugar that takes a little longer to dissolve . This is a bad buy , bad for the birds and bad for your pocket .
 Humming birds had been feeding throughout the day at my feeders . For convenience , I bought some of this mix . The birds stopped feeding as soon as I used this product . I mixed another batch , thinking that I had made a mistake somehow . They still wo n't feed . I have gone back to making my own , much cheaper and no additives . In addition , the bags had leaked inside the package , making a mess .
 Please avoid red dye and chemicals for the sake of the hummers . Use 1 part pure cane sugar to 4 parts water . Boil and mix , cool and feed those hummers the best and most economical . The red on the feeders is all you need to attract the birds . Red dye in their food ... yuck . Poison !
 Errr ... can I say `` hmmmm '' ... hmmmmmmm ... and more hmmmm ... This stuff will do the job for the little hummingbirds , but if you are thinking as I was , `` Hey , pretty red , pretty hummingbirds , and beautiful Orioles can all continue to share same feeder ... `` NADA ! This stuff ran my Orioles off . I have no clue why , unless the red color scares the Orioles . In fact , I really hate to say this since all these `` Natural Type '' hummingbird mixtures rant and rave about the `` extra benefits '' the hummers receive from their solutions ... I mean give me the sugar mixture . You know the 3 cups water with 1 cup sugar , give or take some ... But for me ... I think I will stay away from `` red '' from now on . It really did not attract the hummers anymore than clear liquid , nor did it do a thing for all my Orioles except run them off ... But if you are looking for color ... sigh ... give it a go , but do n't be disappointed if you are an Oriole fan and off they go!Give me the suga ' !
 I got this as a gift and tried it because I did n't have to boil water and the package said the dye was safe for hummingbirds . Unfortunately the hummers did n't care for this stuff at all ! I left it out for 2 weeks and the birds disappeared ! Once I went back to making my own sugar water , the hummers were back to their daily multiple visits . Spending 5 minutes to make your own sugar water is well worth it !
 Others have written here , and experts tend to agree , that red coloring is totally unnecessary in hummingbird feeders . After using this junk without many of the delightful little critters drinking from it , I switched to one cup of sugar in 2 cups of boiling water , then letting it cool -LRB- of course -RRB- . I 'm having to refill it every day now , with such a variety arriving to sip the nectar .
 I picked up some of this mix last summer at a local agricultural center . It 's an old brand that is easy to find , and the price was right . My first outing with it last summer was a total bust . I mean I mixed the stuff , put it out in two nice clean feeders and saw nothing get attracted to it but ants and bees . If any hummingbirds did bother to stop by and sample it , they were obviously disappointed for they never came back . Personally I never eyed a single one hovering over it . At first I thought that I may have gotten started with feeding them too late . I live in New England where we only get one species of hummer that comes this far north , -LRB- the ruby throated -RRB- . It 's important to get your feeders up in early spring and then they will find it and remain loyal to you . But this spring I was johnny on the spot with the feeders and the same no show was going on . I decided to try another brand of mix after this last outing . -LRB- I know you can make it at home easier and cheaper , but just not worth the mess and trouble to me . Just my opinion , but its stands -RRB- . I decided to try the Mills Brothers nectar after reading the positive reviews for it here on Amazon . Within just a week of flushing the old feeders and putting in the Mills brand , I had two dedicated hummers dining regularly at my troth . I love it . It 's definitely a little pricier than this mix , but well worth it , trust me . I do n't really know if any other brand or home made mix would do the same trick as the Mills , but I do n't really care . I found something that 's reasonably priced , easy to use , and the hummers love it so I am sticking with it . In conclusion , I do n't bother to get involved in the debate about this Perky Pet stuff being junk food or bad for the hummers . Personally I think that a lot of folks get a little too excited and go overboard with the panic over additives and colorings etc. . My main disappointment and concern with this stuff is strictly limited to the hummers not liking it . It may have something to do with my dismal results being that I am forced to only deal with one species of hummer here , but the end result is that this Perky Pet mix has been a complete failure for me , and the Mills Brothers a hit even this early on in the season . I have left a link to the Mills brand , and my recommendation is that you skip this stuff and go for what seems to really work ... Mills Brothers Hummingbird Food 3-Ounce Packet , 3-Pack
 I used a clean feeder and followed directions . The birds stopped by and kept going . The ants sure liked it though .
 I used to get 3-4 hummingbirds a day with regular sugar water . Since I put this solution on , I got 1-2 every other day . 2 weeks later no birds .
 Bought this product at Big Box store , easy to use no boiling , can mix small amounts which eliminates having to refrigerate.However , hummers completly ignore it . They all are still goimg to the one feeder I have with the simple syrup nectar that I made .
 Are you kidding me ? $ 10 for sugar water ! 1 part sugar + 5 parts filtered water - shake in a jar and fill your feeder . Ten bucks will last your lifetime and leave you enough to will to your kids .
 Red food coloring is bad for hummingbirds . I just use 1/4 cup of sugar with one cup of water . Hummingbirds like it just fine and I 'm attracting up to 8 birds at a time with my Perky Pet feeder .
 And hummers do n't like it as much as a mix of 2-3 :1 water : sugar mix . This stuff could be used as a Hummingbird Repellent .
 Not sure about this product . I 've got hummingbirds all over my neighborhood , but they do n't seem to like this stuff ... I 'm almost ready to just do some red-food-coloring and sugar water . If it works , I 'll post another review .
 Do NOT FEED Hummingbirds any mixture or concoction with RED DYE in it ! IT 'S VERY HARMFUL to them !! The same red dye -LRB- Red Dye # 40 -RRB- has been proven harmful to humans.If you feed hummingbirds , there are many simple 2-ingredient -LRB- sugar and water -RRB- `` recipes '' online . Very simple and very inexpensive !! Come on Perky Pet - you make so many good products - this PRODUCT is WAY BELOW YOUR STANDARDS . There are many safe natural red dyes - although , if the plastic feeder tube is red , who needs RED DYE at all ? The whole idea is just to attract their attention to the feeder initially . They DO NOT PREFER sugar water with red dye !!! Red Dye # 40 IS HARMFUL !!!!
 I was very excited for this item . After opening the box , I immediately noticed the plastic on the ends of the fixture -LRB- vent area -RRB- were cracked . I then noticed that the fixture was missing 2 screws . Finding new screws is n't difficult , but you are paying for a new , fully assembled product . I then opened it to find that the reflective material around where the bulbs go was dented and somewhat warped on the ends . If you can look past those details , I am sure it would have been a great product . I will be returning this .
 First let me say that this is a great product as far as design and for storing dog food . I have 3 dogs all different breeds , ages , and sizes . I ahev been storing their food in these containers for about 6 months . I noticed that one of my dogs had a white spot on his nose . I was not concerned at first . I figured it would go away in time . It did not . It got worse . -LRB- Sometimes they can scratch their nose and an area will turn white and go away in time -RRB- It got worse . Then the new puppy that we have had for about a month got a spot too ! It started out just like the other ones . Just a faint little white spot . -LRB- THEY BOTH HAVE SOLID BLACK NOSES -RRB- Long story short , After going to the vet and ruling out everything else , the spots only occured after I was storing their food in these bins . Theyhave something to do with the chemicals in the plastic . My third dog did not have any discoloration in his nose . My vet said that some dogs are more sinsitive than others . SO ... . The vet said that the discoloration does not have any long term health problems , but is definatly not omething to ignore . I am still going to use this product but I will place the actual paper bag inside instead of dumping out the food into the container . I can not say 100 % that the reason is this but I can with 99.9 % . Search google if you are curious about what I say . I will update if it goes away after I place actual dog food bag in container.Sorry for the long review !
 I started having ant problems due to snow melt and rain . I found them in my dog 's food and had to throw it all out . So I decided to buy this product because it advertised that it was air tight . I received it yesterday . I pushed in the sides of the container and air rushed out , hence it is not air tight . If air comes in then ants can get in . This was a very disappointing purchase and I would not recommend it .
 Love the containers , hate the lids . I bought two of these pet food keepers not long ago . When they were delivered , the lid on one was already broken . It was n't that bad so I decided to just keep it . Not long after , that lid broke in another spot and became useless . I was n't thrilled but I had a 2nd one so I just chalked it up to `` just one of those things '' . Then the 2nd lid broke . I 'm guessing if I had a third one , the lid on that would break too . Like I said ... love the containers , hate the lids . Unless you have something else to cover the container with ... keep looking .
 i have a larger size that holds 30lbs of kibble -LRB- not here on amazon -RRB- with wheels -- but the design is otherwise the same . yes it seems odorproof ... but i guess not - as my dogs managed to knock it over and off broke the lid , breaking the plastic pins that hold it - rendering both halves useless . a second fell over and the lid broke off . they replaced that one years ago . but when i complained this one broke too easily they stated - sounds like its broken - here 's where you can buy a new one . customer service fail . -LRB- note that i own several of these - so its not like i am trying to get a replacement of a replacement -RRB- . I use them for bird seed , cat food , and pet food . i would say its fine for bird seed - keeps out mice etc -LRB- in the shed -RRB- , but it can not stand up to pets trying to get into it . also - the previous version has wheels - not inset - but that 's more convenient .
 I received the 10-Quarter Pet Food Keeper Wednesday ; washed it and let it dry before I filled it with cat food . As I was removing the label , I noticed a notation that read something to the effect of
 I bought this container because I needed an airtight plastic bin for my dogs ' treats and snacks . The outside label on the product even advertised an airtight seal but there 's no seal on the bin . I feel like I wasted money on this product and would n't recommend it to anyone else . A cardboard box would have sufficed if I was just looking for a regular container .
 I bought this container to keep my one-year-old granddaughter from trying to eat dog food out of the bag -LRB- or from anywhere else -RRB- . I wanted something that would seal so we can at least beat her to the lid before she can open it . Unfortunately , the latch does not hold securely , and she can easily open the lid as if there is n't one there at all.Add to this the fact that this was very expensive for how cheaply it 's made - and it took a long time to get here . I could have purchased something narrower which holds more , and of better quality with a more secure lid for less at the local Target .
 the size is fine but the container itself does not seem to be airtight -- which you need for pet food storage . very flimsy .
 The lid would n't stay on the container . Add to use masking tape to keep it closed . Otherwise nice container
 Flimsy Construction on both the plastic container itself , as well as the airtight seal located in the rim of the top . I ordered 2
 We have a 4 month old Maltipoo and it took her about a week to learn to climb out of this .
 I purchased this lamp with the hopes of using it for my aquatic turtle tank . The reflective backing I thought would be good to maximize UVB output . However , I forgot the rule of aquarium lamps . They always house bulbs 2 '' smaller . In other words , my Repti-Glo 36 '' light is too big to fit in this fixture.Which leads to another problem
 Not exactly what I expected . It leaves as much as it collects and pretty soon it dries out and does not collect any hair at all . Not worth the cost of the product and the shipping and handling fee .
 This item did not work out for us . The length was correct for the current dog crate that we have , however it was not wide enough and I did not want to take a chance at our dog getting injured . I did not return this item because it cost more to return ship this item than it was worth . So here I sit with this and no use for it . Not happy with this product . All the dimensions should be listed so that you know if it will fit the dog crate !
 Really . I had this above my crested gecko 's terrarium hoping to use it occasionally to spy on his nocturnal habits , but it gave me about 4 inches of light depth . My gecko liked the little boost in warmth , but I wound up ordering the 50 watt ...
 I just bought this and it already died out . It might be because of all the screwing and unscrewing you have to do
 This is absolutely horrible ! I ordered a blue light and it came as purple instead . Stay away from these colorblind idiots .
 its not what i ordered i placed the order thinking i was getting the 50w and its only a 15w well it does not hold heat at all so i cant use it and the box it came in got trashed be4 i could send it back .
 This was a cheap collar and I do n't think it ever worked properly.I ended up throwing it away and buying a better high quality training collar .
 The collar would sound with my dog just running around . He was not even barking . When he would bark the noise did not even bother him and he would just continue to bark . What a waste of money ! Do not buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I would n't even rate the Ultimate Bark Collar a one star . This does absolutely nothing to stop the barking . It makes a high pitch sound , I 'm sure to try to distract the dog from barking , but DOES NOT WORK ! I 'm still having complaints because my dog is too focussed on what she is barking at . . be it a leaf , a squirrel or human to notice the high pitched sound . I have to invest MORE money into a barking collar that actually WORKS ! Do not WASTE your money on this product . -LRB- Some people do n't have a lot of time and patient neighbors to give a product more time to see if it eventually will work . The Ultimate Bark Collar is now sitting on the shelf and will eventually work its way into the garbage can .
 I have horses and bought 3 of these and all of them rusted with in 1 year.They said they only have a 1 year warranty and would not replace.I need something that will last 10 years a least , its galvanized ??????
 I ordered two of these waterers in April 2012 and they arrived quickly and complete in the box . They also installed pretty easily . I thought my pressure activated horse waterer problems were solved and for a couple months they were . I should have paid more attention to the negative reviews.It is now September 2012 and both are rusting even though they are supposedly galvanized . They also began leaking where the intake is and where the plastic plug is on the opposite side . Good thought to have the option of intake on both sides - bad execution with a poor gasket on the intake side and no gasket at all on the other -LRB- silicone worked for a while but rust took care of that -RRB- . The worst part is the float mechanism . Poor design and poor quality parts . There is no way to get it to stop leaking and over flowing the bowl . Too bad as I had high hopes for this one.I just ordered from another manufacturer -LRB- non Amazon -RRB- and will update with details if it works out .
 I was appalled to have receive this item only to find out that I had to procure a special hose fitting in order to attach a typical garden hose . Even following that , the seal was not adequate to prevent leakage . To make matters worse , the hose fitting is plastic to begin with . Donated item to Good Will .
 Really . I had this above my crested gecko 's terrarium hoping to use it occasionally to spy on his nocturnal habits , but it gave me about 4 inches of light depth . My gecko liked the little boost in warmth , but I wound up ordering the 50 watt ...
 I just bought this and it already died out . It might be because of all the screwing and unscrewing you have to do
 This is absolutely horrible ! I ordered a blue light and it came as purple instead . Stay away from these colorblind idiots .
 its not what i ordered i placed the order thinking i was getting the 50w and its only a 15w well it does not hold heat at all so i cant use it and the box it came in got trashed be4 i could send it back .
 It surprised me how quickly this product came , but I 'm very disappointed with the quality of the pads . We use them for our cat , and every time she uses one , it leaks through onto the carpet , which defeats the purpose . we have to &#34; double up , &#34; which cancels out any value .
 This prodcuct is not good for dogs at all . They are very thin and does not hold up when being used for training . I would not recommend this product .
 have bought this product many times before for my maltese , but this batch is very very thin and needs replacing much more often then in the past . can not recommend it .
 I got this for my puppy and they are not for dogs they are for something else it 's a underpad and they are super super thin like you have no idea . I called so I can return the puppy pads it turns out I have to pay s & h which I paid for and there 's more you do n't get your full money back but they keep 20 % or 25 percent . I 'm so upset this is FALSE ADVERTISEMENT ! Do n't get this for your puppy you 'll regret it and by the way it 's a third party now , it 's not amazon directly .
 The product was lousy , putting down paper towels absorb more.But that did n't bother me as much as when i wrote asking which products were better and they told me to read the webpages . There is no way to tell if one product is better or worse from the webpages . There is no unit of measure describing absorbency . But you would think the company selling them could help you.Don ' t bet on it ... . look elsewhere
 I was disappointed in the quality of these wee pads because they are thin and the urine tends to spread to the edge of the pad -LRB- which by the way has a wide 2 1/4 '' border so you are actually getting less padded space -RRB- . I think these are only good if you have a really small dog whose pee is small enough to be contained on these thin pads . They were such a good price , but it 's true you get what you pay for .
 GOOD QUANTITY FOR THE MONEY , BUT HAVE TO CHANGE OUT 3 TIMES MORE OFTEN . GREAT FOR PUPPIES . BUT NOT FOR OLDER DOGS . NOT THICK ENOUGH .
 These are regular pads used on elderly people with problems going to the bathroom . Puppy pads are supposed to have a special scent that makes dogs want to go to the bathroom on them . Do n't be fooled !
 I think I gave these pads a good review , maybe even a very good one , shortly after I took the first one out of the box . Mea culpa , friends ! Unfortunately for us whose dogs must grow up inside city apartments , I did n't know the new truth about the pads ' virtually universal descent into weewee-pad hell , where pads are almost totally unlike those my dachshund and I took for granted until this year -- a whopping number of years past her puppyhood . The pads come in two varieties , good and hard-to-find or bad and virtually all that 's out there . But do n't get me wrong -- I 'm still looking . The pads are made in two layers , a white , cottony , supposedly absorbent top and a blue-plastic , floor-shielding layer beneath . Most pad complaints on Amazon in the past were about the top layer 's absorbency failures , especially when used by too big a dog . No peep was heard about plastic `` shields '' that shielded nothing . That era is on its death bed now that intrepid pad-makers have learned to make plastic that treats liquid as cloth or paper does -- it sops up what it can before the rest trickles straight to the floor or gets there through newspapers , keeping us dog owners running for the real-plastic trash bag with dripping pads , previously a seeming scientific impossibility . Now we users don '' t know whether to start plotting against pad-makers ' safety or congratulate them for inventing the first absorbent plastic and building it into a product whose plastic layer can either be 1 . a liquid-stopping floor protector or 2 . a no-good , worthless waste of money and betrayal of customer trust .
 I would only recomend this for small dogs and puppies , they do the job , but are flimsy and the absorbant material falls out if you shake it open . I wont be ordering them again for that reason .
 Maybe it was just the batch I received , but the quality of these pads was the lowest I have encountered . Many of the pads in this box were poorly glued , so that the layers separated easily , making a real mess once my dogs used them . -LRB- Note for the squeamish
 Never again!The quality of the pads is not good , they are very thin . The box is was falling apart and the pads inside were damaged , I have to put in the trash forty of them because they were totally destroy .
 This product does not adequately absorb urine , and therefore must be replaced after every single use . Competing product has greater absorbancy . Was hoping to get better value , but in this instance you get what you pay for .
 There is a reason these puppy pads cost half as much as the other brands . They are small , thin , and flimsy . They are not absorbent and leak onto the floor . Even though I have about 8 packages left , I 'm giving up and re-ordering another brand . Save your money . You 'll use twice as many of these , and it still wo n't do half the job .
 I always try to read the reviews before I make a purchase . In this case ... I 'm afraid to think of how bad the flea infestions were in some of these houses . Happily ... I must not have too many because I nothing on my sticky paper . I was disappointed in the `` UV '' light source because that bulb looked like it would fit an old fashion night light . I was not impressed with this product in the least bit .
 These are just three pieces of sticky paper . They charge them at more than $ 6 . That 's robbery . If I know this , I wo n't buy them . If they claim it as a pad , they should at least make it like a pad , not just sticky paper .
 We thought we caught two fleas one was an ant . And the sticky pads quickly dry out so things do not even stick anymore . also a major part of the construction s a rubber band ... are you serious?don ' t buy . put your dog/cat on advantix or something and buy a can of bug spray . its easier and does not waste electricity .
 We bought 4 of these things and I did do research but based on my experience with the product , and based on the research I ignored , THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK ! Please do n't waste your money on this sticky nightlight . So sorry I chose to ignore the reviews and websites that said it did not work .
 I got the trap and refills for my daughter and hate it . If you really want one that works get the round one VICTOR I have both but I love the Victor one it really works .
 This product was shipped in a smaller box than the image shows and the flea trap pads are now bent from being folded inside a smaller box . Usually they are shipped in a flat thin box so they are flat when you pull them out . Now they are bent and do not lie flat on the surface of the trap base which is counterproductive in catching not just fleas but any other insects crawling on the floor . I feel this product was advertized falsely in the photo and better shipping should be paramount for customer satisfaction .
 Neither one of my rabbits like this food ! I did n't even care for the way it smelled ! If rabbits do not like the way something smells , they will not eat it !!!!!
 I gave this to my 70lb dog twice a day for two weeks and it did not stop itching . Not sure if it helps humans but definitely did not help my dog .
 This medication did absolutely nothing for my dog 's allergies and skin itchiness/inflammation but did give him dry mouth and diarrhea . He 's a 58-lb pitbull and I gave him two 4mg tablets at night -LRB- I was worried about lethargy so I opted for a bedtime dosage -RRB- . He did n't poop at all the next day , and did n't poop -LRB- or drop a puddle , frankly -RRB- until the following evening -LRB- that 's TWO DAYS ! -RRB- . He also whined and cried and was often sitting in the `` sphinx '' position -LRB- indicating his cramping and discomfort -RRB- and he drank more water than his usual intake . I basically had to let him out every hour or so . Obviously I stopped after 2 days of the medication and the diarrhea stopped in about 18 hours or so.In all fairness , the side effects are clearly listed , I just want to encourage other pet owners to take them seriously . Now we 're on a soap-free veterinarian-prescribed shampoo and good old-fashioned Benadryl .
 This stuff is horrible . Followed instructions with suggested dosage , gave it to the cat , cat got sick and threw up , and lost her appetite.Even wrapped in a pill pocket , I ca n't get her to take it . She accidentally bit into in , made a horrible face , and now she wo n't take any of her pills because she does n't trust the pill pockets .
 Allergy Tabs for dogs ? This product is commonly found in your local CVS or even grocery store sold for human consumption . Most misleading and Chlorpheniram is nothing specific to animal use . Trust level with this seller now damaged and effected across the board .
 The product was as advertised . Bought it for my cat that sneezes constantly . Did not work for him . He still has respiratory problem .
 My dog is allergic to the world , I picked these up to help . They did n't do anything . Not even when I was giving him six per the docs recommendations . I 'll stick to benadryl .
 This dog costume must have been designed to fit a dog that has no neck ! I bought it for my pom . and it fit his body fine , but the hood part did n't even come close to reaching his head . I also bought this same costume , same brand and everything for my golden retriever and the hood part did n't fit either . I was very disappointed by this product !
 The picture makes the costume look better than what it is . It is poorly made because it does not fit the dog properly . the neck is too short and the little hat/hood cant stay up and the supposed dragon tail is way too short . My dog is only 3lbs and it was still to big for the costume
 Had hummingbirds ... refilled feeders with this nectar ... birds wont drink it ... smells odd as well ... now stuck with several bottles .
 Our dog avoided eating his food after sprinkling For-Bid on it , so I ca n't say if it would work or not .
 My dog loved the balls , but within a couple of minutes , she had the covers off . Then , she was able to split the ball inside in half just as quickly . The rubber in these balls is crumbly , and I was afraid of her ingesting pieces after she got them apart . I also did n't realize these are made in China . Overall , very poor quality .
 Our dog tore these apart in seconds . She was n't as enthusiastic about this as she is with regular tennis balls . I think we 'll stick with regular ones .
 I expected these to bounce but they fall flat to the ground like a wet rag . My dog popped all in less than 30 sec but he 's 80 lb , my 30 lb dog play with it for a bit , her mouth can not hold this size ball but I do n't think she could have popped it , she 's a beagle and very passive . They did n't last long with me
 I purchased several packs of these for dog clients ' christmas gifts ... and gave some out early . One owner called to say her dog chewed into one of the balls and became very ill . These are made in China and I know a while back there were several recalls of dog things made in China because of illness and deaths to dogs.I opened a packto check them out I was overwhelmed by the smell of awful rubber ... like an old tire . We had to call all our clients who got their gift bags early to warn them of potential harm to their dog . We are collecting the gifts back -LRB- how embarassing -RRB- and returning them a.s.a.p. I am very sad about the whole thing because had the product been made correctly it would have been a great gift .
 I just received the dog tennis balls today , with in 1 hour the balls went to nothing ! Very bad item ! It was a waste of good money ! A very upset buyer !! I would give this item a 0 if I could .
 She played with this toy for a few minutes then nothing . Ever again . :--LRB- The quality is really great but she did n't want anything to do with it .
 I was satisfied with the product except the costume was too large so I needed to return it to the company , which I have , yet I have never received a refund for the product after attempting to contact them several times through email and phone .
 When I searched for a tank lid for a 40b this company came up . I thought wow what a great price . When I received it today it did n't fit a 40b . It even states on the package it came in its for a 30,38,45 gallon tanks . Beware of this !!
 This is a very misleading ad . It displays a 40 gal . Breeder Aquarium with Versa tops and is priced accordingly . The reviews of the product which also indicate that the items purchased are an aquarium and tops . Not so . The seller charged me $ 234 for two aquarium tops which , on the open market , cost about $ 40 apiece . I will be returning this product .
 Well made snap , easy on/off . Takes three batteries recommend batteries in bulk for best value . One light ok on pet , 2-3 per grandkid.Petsport Bling Bling Blinker , Red/White/Blue100 392 LR41 Watch Alkaline Batteries AG3 SR41 BatteryWell its been two yrs. , time for update
 The product works well , just not for long . We used it on a camping trip recently , and I was pleased with the light output ... until the batteries died 45 minutes later . The replacements that I bought at the store lasted about that long ... so I 'm left wondering . `` Is my snazzy new LED blinker really any better than the regular bulb ball ? It is n't quite as bright ... but lasts forever . Batteries are expensive !
 I have an active dog , and due to the design of this light it has a tendency to go off if the dog runs or even walks fast . The light lasted all of three days , and every time I would have to tighten it harder just to get a light . On the fourth day the actual carabiner chain broke because it is made with cheap plastic . This would be a good product to have if you just wanted something for camping and then to throw it away .
 I have a dog with one of these blinkers on her collar and love it . Sooo , I ordered more for my other dogs as well as a couple for a friend for a total of six . I opened three and the batteries did not work well
 I was excited about buying these blinking lights , because I would be able to keep track of my dogs while walking at night.However , they only work sometimes . I have to tighten + untighten several times ... and even then , they do not always work . They would be great if they always worked , but they do n't .
 This light was cheap enough , so worth a try , but after about 1/2 hour at the dog park and walking around , I had to turn it off because the speed of the blinking was so rapid , it was making me a little sick . So I do n't know how durable it is because I could n't deal with it anymore . I 'll keep looking for a more toned down safety light , maybe just a glowing collar .
 I bought this to complement my above-tank 60-gallon filter on a 25-gallon tank , and put it in an area where the other filter had a tough time cleaning . Like the other reviewer said , it was easy to set up , worked almost silently , and did a decent job of cleaning . Unfortunately I quickly found out that I had to clean it every 1-2 days because it just did n't have the capacity to hold more than a tiny bit of waste - annoying , since the parts tend to stick and need a lot of force to separate ; there 's absolutely no way this could handle a 10-gallon tank alone , let alone the 30 gallons it advertises . After 4-5 weeks , one of which I did n't even use it , the filter started to make a horrible loud noise , scaring me AND the turtle . I turned it off , cleaned it out , tried again , and got about a minute out of it before the noise came back ; despite a week of tinkering with it , I could n't fix it . I 'm sure the excessive amount of cleaning it required had to do with its early death.Also , it claims to have `` 2 inputs '' , but I only ever saw one , so I 'm not sure where that comes from.I might try to replace it , in which case I 'll update the review .
 Very small filter , not sure why it 's rated for up to a 30 gallon tank . I have one small -LRB- about a 4 inch shell -RRB- red eared slider in a 20 gallon tank with about 10 gallons of water , the filter could not handle 1 day . I still have it in the tank but I use a Rena xP2 canister filter .
 I recently took home a baby turtle and had to buy all the stuff for our first aquarium . We bought a 20 gallon tank and fill it about half with water . This filter is terrible . We are changing the water every 2-3 days because the filter does not work whatsoever . I have tried replacing the carbon with a different brand , replaced the sponges , nothing works . I even tried filling the water just slightly over the filter -LRB- less than - 1/4 of the tank full -RRB- , and it still got extremely murky within 2 days . You have an option of minimum or maximum and we have had it set to max and it just does n't do anything . The only thing I have noticed that I like about it -LRB- although its not enough of a reason to keep it -RRB- is that it is not noisy at all . A lot of other people said theirs is very noisy , ours is for the first few seconds after you plug it in and then it stops . Just bought a Fluval for a 50 gallon tank I am trying to buy , will hook that filter up when I can afford the tank . Hopefully that filter will work better .
 Unfortunately this filter did not work properly for us . It was pretty noisy when it did run . Later when it was quiet I just assumed that it was still running , just more efficiently . I guess it was n't running at all . Perhaps 2 turtles were too much for it because I was constantly rinsing the sponges which were always dirty . I took it back to the store where they recommended ReptoFilter by Tetra . I wish we would 've bought this one from the beginning . The Zoo Med could n't keep up with all of the shed skin but I 've only seen a few floating pieces in the water since we 've had this new one .
 I have this filter with my ZooMed Turtle Tub . This is a small filter system and it barely circulate the water in the tub . It also get clogged up very easily . I would not recommend this for the Zoomed Turtle Tub . I 'm most likely going have to upgrade the this filter .
 The packaging was damaged , so I had to take the advice of others & use a different carbon bag right from the start.This filter worked well for about four weeks , but fails to move water effectively after that . I used the 501 in a 35-gallon long aquarium with less than 12 gallons in it . I clean the tank and pump thoroughly each week , so I know that the issue is not that it 's clogged . I 've got a trickle of water still , even after cleaning the sponge , filter , hoses and pump.My 2 '' -LRB- RES -RRB- baby turtle loved the waterfall while it lasted , but I will be buying a replacement just 2.5 months after initial purchase . I 'm kicking myself for not keeping the packaging materials , because I would have definately sent it back - turtle gunk & all . There are many other filters with better reviews and results for less than the price of this one.I gave it one star because I did n't see an option for zero stars . It 's a WASTE -LRB- of time & money -RRB- , no pun intended !
 We have gone thru so many filters trying to find ones strong enough to keep our turtle 's cage clean without cleaning out our wallet . This one reads as if it is specific for turtles , but it struggles to keep our 20 gallon tank clean .
 My painted turtle was about the size of a credit card . We spoiled him and loved it . This filter was highly recommended to us , so we bought it . Our turtle was caught in the current of the filter 's outtake and drowned . I had no idea this was possible and we are devastated , as he was our baby . He had always been a strong swimmer and this was shocking -LRB- I did n't even know turtles could drown ! -RRB- . This is a good filter and does what it says ... BUT PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHERE YOU PLACE THE FILTER PARTS . I wish someone would 've warned us . : ' -LRB-
 this filter is the biggest piece of trash i have ever used . i use it in a 20 gallon tank with 1 turtle half full of water . within 2 days i need to do a full water change . even using better carbon , it doesnt help . i am hoping to return it when my new filter arrives.i had a 25 dollar internal filter that did far better then this junk .
 Ugh ! Bought this specifically because it was marketed for a turtle tank . It worked well for about 2 days , in a freshly cleaned tank . It does n't move water enough , only one quarter of the tank -LRB- with 20 gallons of water -RRB- stayed somewhat clean , was the biggest pain EVER to get started , and the thing just STOPPED working after 4 months . It made a 30 minute task last 2 hours on average ! Terrible ! I bought a $ 20 waterfall-type filter to replace this and it 's better than any other I 've tried , and I 've tried about 6 different brands . This is a total waste of money !
 Bought this one to replace the 318 that was n't quite cutting it and within a month all but two of the suction cups holders have broken and now the filter itself runs but does n't pump the water in or out . The pump worked fine at first but about every 3 days it would just stop pumping and we 'd have to resetup the whole thing which got very frustrating . I would not recommend this product or this company as the 318 which we were replacing also has stopped working . We bought the 318 in late September and the 501 late October and both stopped working by christmas . I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have a tank that has 3 gallons of water in it and it does keep it free from debris , but the clarity of the water is n't very good . It always looks yellow . Even after a water change it still looks murky . I find that i have to replace the internal filters every 3 weeks like it suggests . i spend 5 dollars for each carbon insert . i 'm looking for a filter that works a little better . I also have an incredible time trying to open it to clean it . Closing can also be difficult . if you are n't concerned about having crystal clear water then get this one.I 'm updating my review on 12/03/06 . I bought a new Rena filter which i have yet to put together , but in the interim , i purchased a pouch for charcoal and made my own refill rather than purchase the 5 dollar zoo med refill . What a world of difference ! The water stays clearer longer . I guess that is how Zoo Med makes it 's money ... making charcoal filters with low charcoal quality so you have to buy them more often.Update 12/31/06
 It is very hard to get this canister filter running well , no self priming and a hassle to run maintenance on . I would recommend other products because the price is not worth the work it takes to keep this filter maintained .
 I purchased this filter several months ago and was pleased with everything . It seemed like a good deal . I have 1 Red Eared Slider and yes she is a pig . Sadly , even with several different combinations of filter media , this filter can simply not keep up . Only a few days after I completely clean the tank its already filthy . While this is n't entirely the filters fault , I just wanted to let others know to steer clear of this one if you own turtles . It runs great and would be perfect for someone with a small fish tank or something , but for turtles , it 's not ready for the big time .
 I bought this to replace a previous filter that quit working . I have had nothing but problems with this unit . It quits working everyday . I have to prime it over and over . When it does work it doesnt keep the water clean . Now I need to find a new filter .
 I thought this filter would be perfect for my 2 red eared sliders because it was made for turtles . When it came i was excited to put it together but ran into a problem when i realized the directions are n't clear on whether the carbon bag goes on the bottom or top of the ceramic media , the photos on the box as well as amazon show the ceramic media on the bottom , while the directions photos show it on the top , I followed the directions photo with it on the top thinking that maybe the photographer did n't put it together correctly ... . After first feeding the turtles the water became a-bit murky , it cleared up the next day to just be cloudy but its stayed that way since : -LRB-
 not that great to be honest . it works just as well as any other filter ive had , but possibly just a pinch better . not worth the money
 I only needed a filter for a separate 5G f/w tank set up , with two tiny g/f comets and a betta . Since it 's only 5G , I was thrilled when I stumbled onto this filter , as it 's external , and adds good to the volume . With that set up , the tank cycled in a mere day using the bacteria bottle to prime the bio-media . But in a week or two , I started reading very high ammonia levels , and pretty much zero NO2/NO3 . After looking into what might be going on , I found that the problem is really in the way this filter is engineered . It has two chambers , divided by a separator that goes almost all the way down . Then water supposedly comes from the top into one chamber , flows between the chambers at the bottom , and is then sucked in through the sponge by the pump , and pushed out back into the tank . This would be ideal , as that way the water must pass through all your media before leaving the filter . What happens in reality , though , is that since the physical filtration is the * last * stage -LRB- typically it 's the first stage to avoid debris clogging the rest of the components -RRB- , the water quickly stops circulating through the bottom of the filter , and only circulates through the top of the filter , as there is ample space for it to do so . The simple test you can do , is to fill the filter with water half or 3/4 of the way , have the soft tubes only connected to it , filter closed , and blow into the intake . You 'll see that the water does n't even try to move , as all the air goes around over the top . The same happens to the water when the filter is operating .
 I got suckered into purchasing this product by a sales person at Petco . It was easy to set up and use on my 20 gallon turtle tank . But after a few weeks I realized that it just could n't keep up with the waste my turtle produces . So like an idiot I bought a second one thinking if doubled the filtration it would work better . WRONG ... . IF you have little baby turtles this product will do a good job . They produce a small amount of waste and the filter can keep up . If your turtle is any larger than 3 inches this is NOT the filter for you . I had 2 of these -LRB- for a total of 60 gallons of filtration according to the product -RRB- set up on my 20 gallon tank and I STILL had to clean everything -LRB- filter and tank -RRB- about 3 times a week . It was n't the unsightly gunk that bothered me it was the tubes would get clogged so quickly that it was ineffective even with 2 of them going.For those people that say they had this filter running on a 50-75 gallon tank ... . I have a hard time believing that and suspect that those people earn money writing reviews on products they know absolutely nothing about and have never tried to use them .
 I had heard many great reviews for this filter , and I was looking forward to using this product , in hopes of finding a filter that would actually work ! The first week or so it worked pretty great , however , by the third week , the water was BARELY trickling out AT ALL ! I tried cleaning out all the tubes , but it turns out that the motor was faulty , and my turtles and fish were suffering . I am truly disappointed , and regret paying 50 dollars for this . I wish the motor wasnt attached to the canister , because then I could possibly buy a replacement motor , but now I have to replace the entire system . :-LRB- UGH ! very frustrating !
 I picked up one of these for about 40 bucks years ago , i had two turtles in a 40 gallon , for a while it was `` okay '' nothing spectacular . But then it would start making this god awful screaming sound and it would stop working . I kept it clean and everything , usually it would need a shake to start working . -LRB- it was right next to my bad so it woke me up plenty of times -RRB- . This continued until one day the thing just died . I took it apart and could ` nt find the problem , i also missed my warrenty so ! im now the proud owner of a non-functional 40 dollar filter .
 The flow rate on this is horrible . After a few days , the already sluggish flow rate slowed down even more to an embarrassing dribble . I 'm using this on a 8 gallon tank . How can anyone put this to use ? Two stars . Because it looks nice .
 I ordered this product based on the reviews that I read on Amazon , I was quite happy at first as it looked like it kept the water clean . After a month of operation it stopped working . It would n't pump any water.After close inspection I found out that the impeller was broken and the motor head did not have the main pin attached to it any longer.I contacted zoo-med and they replaced both impeller and motor head free of charge.After 3 months of operation with the new one it stopped working again , one more time the impeller had broken in 3 pieces -LRB- worst than the fist time -RRB- and the pin attached to the motor head was loose.I contacted zoo med and they apologize for the inconvenience and sent me a whole new unit free of charge.I gave it two stars because of zoo-med customer service and their prompt answers to my concerns , they are all very nice and have treated me very well . This particular water filter has 1 year warranty .
 it never worked , a fluval 405 has the same system , but better ingridents , in the chemical biologcal system n the fluval , I reccomned not to get this filter , all those revjews it worked for them but will suck later , do n't get it . Purchase a even stronger filter fluval 405 then this , 59.99 at petco ?? 39.99 here ??? waste of my dad 's money whisper and aqueon , even fluval is better
 It 's cheap junk - DO NOT BUY !!!!! very disappointed.I ordered this based on good reviews here - we have had this for less than 6 months , one tiny turtle tank . It 's stopped working 2-3 times , we always manage to get it running again . The parts are already wearing out - which accounts for the reason it stops for no reason , till the handyman of the house fiddles with it and gets it moving again . We keep it clean , and check it daily , trying to keep it alive.If you do n't have a handyman to coddle it along , you will be even more disappointed than we areEdited to add . . good company , paid to return , they repaired item so we 're good , they stand behind their warranty !!!!
 I have a large-ish red eared slider in a tank . This filter is just not strong enough . It does n't do a very good job of keeping the tank clean . It 's extremely difficult to open , but reasonably easy to clean . Comes with dodgy instructions that are difficult to follow to put it together . Seems backwards in the way it runs . I usually have to try 5-6 times to get it to run after I clean the water - it 's difficult to prime.For smaller turtles this would be a great filter , but it simply ca n't handle the mess from bigger turtles . Mine is about 8 inches long and 4 inches wide . I 'd recommend the Magnum HOT over this . I 'm currently getting rid of this filter and ordering a Rena Filstar XP3 .
 I am not happy with this pump . It does not keep the water completely clear and the first time I cleaned it , it worked for a couple of seconds then bubbles started appearing in the intake and tube then stopped . Called the customer service four times and the person who helped me was very knowledgeable and informative said air was getting into it . It took me about eight tries before I got it to work . The next time I cleaned it , I just flushed it our from the intake side , put it together and hooked it up and the same thing happened again so I just removed it . Am using a small immersible one I had before which works much better . I got the Zoo Med to avoid having to clean the tank once a week so maybe I 'll get a bigger version of the one I 'm using now .
 I purchased this filter over a year ago , and it initially worked beautifully . It was quiet and did the job . Only downside was that when it was time to clean it ... it was a real job and a half . All those little tubes and small parts , so tough to clean.After a few months , it stopped working . It would n't start when plugged in . When I called the company for a replacement under the warranty , they did replace it but only after a small amount of complaining on their part.Later , I ended up shelving the filter for a while , because I got tired of cleaning it . It was a small tank , so I just cleaned the tank by hand . Now , my turtles are bigger and I got them a large tank and pulled the filter out of storage.Guess what ? The filter does n't even start up . Again.Sorry Zoo Med , I ca n't recommend your product .
 Bought this filter to clean approximately 25 gallons and it stopped working in 12 hours . The draw is horrible and it is very loud . Save your money !!!!!
 This product is driving me insane . I purchased it for my tree frog terrarium , which is half land and half water . After the first week of use the propeller broke and I had to order a replacement . A few months later , the propeller broke again and the motor head stopped functioning at the same time . This is the last time I am ordering replacement parts for this thing ! When it is functioning it makes a huge difference compared to the submersible pump I used to have that did not filter anything , as those burned out monthly and were constantly clogged . The water is clear and clean and this filter has not clogged once . I do n't recommend it for terrariums that do n't have deep water , as every time the water level drops it seems to die on me - though I have no idea what a better alternative may be . I am tired of spending $ 9.50 to replace the broken propellers !
 I bought the filter because it was the smallest I can found at the local pet store . I thought it would be strong enough for my SIX gallon tank , and it was , but only for about two weeks . Now my tank is full of the articles that float by the suction head . I am very disappointed and have to spend more money for a new filter .
 I bought this filter , use the activated charchol and the water stays clean for about 3 days . At 1 week , its beyond dirty . I was looking for a filter that I could clean the tank about 2X a month . I have 1 6 in red ear slider in a 20 gal long tank . If anyone knows how to get better performance , PLEASE let me know !!!
 Just purchased our new carbon filter and after following the directions exactly ... . the water in my tank turned black / grey and cloudy . I have switched out the water twice and the same thing occurs . Also , this might seem like a stupid question but on the colored pictures on the box the carbon is on top yet the directions say that the carbon pack should be placed on the bottom ... HELP
 I bought this filter after reading the mixed reviews , I side with the people that find it does not work well . I wish I could return it . I also agree with the using regular charcoal chips instead of buying the premade smooth bags , helps it work better but I am still changing water every few days due to odor and mess .
 You always think `` 2 Turtles for six dollars ? that 's great ! '' That is until you have to get an environment , food , heaters , air pumps , filters , etc. . The Zoo Med 501 I got about 6 months ago I thought was going to fit the bill precisely . Boy was I wrong . For starters , it says it is rated for aquariums up to 30 gallons . What it should say is this would maybe be a good emergency filter for a 30 gallon tank , for at most a month or two . It seems to do ok as far as ammonia removal , but as far as keeping the water clear , it just does n't have the draw to really filter 30 gallons , sometimes taking several hours to clear the water -LRB- post tank change -RRB- . In attempting to do just that the motor seems to have prematurely aged , and now I ca n't go more than 4-5 days without a complete take-down and scouring of the filter chamber and motor , or it is way too noisy . The so called `` Extra large carbon chamber '' is really quite small , and tightly packing the carbon bag in there makes me wonder how much water is really passing through the media and not just around it . The spray -LRB- read
 It just does n't do it . The product it says it works up to `` 30 gallon '' tanks , mine is 20 . Maybe it helps with the pH stuff , but the water was cloudy about 2 days later , there is dung everywhere that it does n't pick up . I am going to have to try to return this now and get a stronger one , and from a different company , because after further research , many people say that these filters just do n't workNOTE
 This is a nice little product , but It is not that simple.I am not using 1 of these in my turtle tank , but more on that later.The 2 of these I am using are in
 So I bought a 40 gal tank and this filter cause my turtles are in need of more space and got it home and took it bk to the store to get it put together cause i had no clue -LRB- 1st time filter buyer here -RRB- and i come home and get the water in the tank and the drops to take the clorine and all out and hook the filter up and they turtles -LRB- in the tank i have 3 yellow ear sliders -RRB- and they loved all the room and the water bar sprayer like a waterfall but then that night and really this morning i could see alot of cloudiness ~ So after looking @ bad reviews on this product I called PETCO where I bought it and they said the cloudy water should go away in 2 - 3 days its just adjusting so i am gon na give it till monday -LRB- today is friday -RRB- and I will see if it looks better ... if not i am taking it back to the store and see if i can get the carbon chips and nylon bag every1 is talking about ! I dont wan na pay $ 60 for this and it not work correctly ! So we shall see ...
 I ordered the bird cage stand , but it was missing some key parts to assemble it which were not enclosed . I contacted the seller , and STILL have not received these parts.I 'm unable to use the stand at this time . VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 Pedestal Stand arrived with rust on the connective parts and severe paint chipping . Amazon has been requested to replace the item .
 Pedestal Stand arrived with rust on the connective parts and severe paint chipping . Amazon has been requested to replace the item .
 I thought this was the Hana hut I had seen on birdcages4less.com . I wanted the green color so I bought this one instead . It is not the same cage , poor quality , and the bottom gate has a very large gap of 1 '' between the side walls . My birds head could get stuck ! Not as advertised . Find a better cage .
 These get way too hot , it burns to the touch . Different than older versions , stay away from these .
 The few large pieces shown in the photo are the only pieces of that size you will get . The rest are little better than strings , useless as chew toys as well as too small or too short for most toy making .
 for the price I paid , I should have gotten the dog gone smart brand , this was not as plush as the pic shows , after a couple of months its flat already ...
 The dimensions are correct but it is very thin . It is about the same thickness -LRB- padding -RRB- as a thin down comforter . This is more of a topper than a bed .
 Do n't waste your money if you are looking for something plush . This is more like a mat . We had to purchase something else with more cushion .
 I was very disappointed in this pet bed . It was very flat and flimsy and did not really fit in our dog crate . Our dog only slept on this about a week before I got rid of it .
 I have gone through many dog beds and I was hoping this would be the one that would last . Unfortunately it was n't . I have an eighteen month old English Pointer that loves to chew everything , especially her bed while she 's in her crate at night . This bed appears to be made well and if your dog does n't chew on beds this would be a good choice . It fit perfect in her crate and for the short time that it was in one piece , my dog snuggled up in it very comfortably . -LRB- I bought it for much less somewhere else -RRB-
 I ordered CalMix because I have a very fearful , stressed out cat who is attacking her companion and has to be kept separate . Unfortunately , the tablets are HUGE and have a very strong , herbal smell . I offered the entire tablet to my cat , hoping she 'd like the smell and eat it , but she refused it . Normally , I use ` pill pockets ' when I have to give my cats tablets , so I tried to cut a CalMix tablet into smaller pieces using a pill-cutter , but I ended up with lots of chunks and ` crumbs ' . Even when hidden in the ` pill pockets ' , my cat refused to eat CalMix . This product seems more appropriate for dogs -LRB- the enormous tablets are chewable -RRB- than for cats . I 'm not sure if a dog would like the strong herbal smell/taste ; however , if you have an anxious dog and , like me , are pretty desperate , I 'd give it a try ; not for cats , though .
 First of all , the picture shows the whole set , the truth is you only get one -LRB- the page does n't specify the amount -RRB- . Second , it 's not properly done , to use it you 'll have to sand it completely otherwise , your pet could get hurt with the rough borders and the splinters . I do n't recommend it at all .
 It has nothing to do with the sales person who sold this , but the product is un safe with out a thumb guard . To dangerous and too hard to usse . I sent it back and I am not even sure now if I got credit for it . Did I ?
 for the price I paid , I should have gotten the dog gone smart brand , this was not as plush as the pic shows , after a couple of months its flat already ...
 The dimensions are correct but it is very thin . It is about the same thickness -LRB- padding -RRB- as a thin down comforter . This is more of a topper than a bed .
 Do n't waste your money if you are looking for something plush . This is more like a mat . We had to purchase something else with more cushion .
 I was very disappointed in this pet bed . It was very flat and flimsy and did not really fit in our dog crate . Our dog only slept on this about a week before I got rid of it .
 I have gone through many dog beds and I was hoping this would be the one that would last . Unfortunately it was n't . I have an eighteen month old English Pointer that loves to chew everything , especially her bed while she 's in her crate at night . This bed appears to be made well and if your dog does n't chew on beds this would be a good choice . It fit perfect in her crate and for the short time that it was in one piece , my dog snuggled up in it very comfortably . -LRB- I bought it for much less somewhere else -RRB-
 Do n't buy . If you have already ordered , cancel the order.This Carbon Insert is the reason why the excellent Zoo Med filter is selling on clearance.Basically , this insert is a bag of carbon which has been machined into smooth pellets . The smooth surfaces fail to allow for the absorption of organics , and it left my tank with a high ammonia content for weeks . It does n't work.Go to the pet store , buy a nylon bag and over-the-counter activated carbon chips . The chips have rough porous surfaces which increase the absorption rate . This makes the Zoo Med filter run exceedingly well ; transparent water and ammonia at zero .
 Instead of using this , just buy Hagen Fluval Carbon 300G off Amazon and drop one in . You get three bags for the same price and its MUCH higher quality .
 My 501 filter was n't doing a good job with the Zoo Med Carbon Bag until I bought theHagen Fluval Carbon 300Gbags . BTW you get 3 bags of the Fluval compared to one from Zoo Med for the same -LRB- give or take a few cents -RRB- price !
 Im currently using the 501 filter and had to get rid of this carbon bag ... First its very hard to fit in , 2nd it restrict the amount of turtle waste it sucks in . I had to modify the bag to make it efficient .
 I 'm not sure why others are having bad experiences with this carbon bag , I got a 511 and it came with the bag , I put it in the way the instructions said to that came with the filter and I just changed the bag with a new one after over a month ago -LCB- March/31 -RCB- ... anyway it has done an amazing job keeping my turtle aquarium -LCB- 18x24x14 -RCB- clean and smell free . One thing I noticed when I got the new carbon bag was that on the box it says to put the carbon bag above the ceramic media , on my 511 instructions it says to put the ceramic media on top of the carbon bag ... I 'm not sure what the difference is between the two filters that would require the two to differentiate in how they are placed in the canisters . Not sure if that 's a reason for the bad experiences others have had . All I can say , I highly recommend it for the 511 filter with the ceramic on top . *********************************** UPDATE ************* UPDATE *************** UPDATE ***************** UPDATE ************************ I dont know what is different from this bag and the one that came with the filter but this is different ... the one that came with the filter worked fantastic , this one is worthless it does nothing . Its like not having a bag at all ... I am so sorry to anyone who bought one of these based on my review . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! I wish I could give it - stars .
 I thought the metal bristles were going to be softer and they are not , my dog runs every time I try to brush him.Would I recommend this product no , only if one 's dog has tough skin .
 Purchased this for my dog , do n't waste your money , it really does n't do the job it stated it does . Would NEVER purchase again .
 As seen on MSNBC 06/17/2011ConsumerLab also tested several pet supplements , one of which , Pet-Tabs Complete Daily Vitamin Mineral Supplement for Dogs contained lead at unhealthy levels . -LSB- ... -RSB- DO NOT GIVE THESE TO YOUR PET .
 I did not realize these were made in India when I purchased them . After reading many of the reviews , I returned them unopened . I had purchased them for my grand-dog & would never forgive myself if something happened to her from taking them . I will wait until the supply is once again made in the USA . I actually try to only purchase things made here .
 I returned after researching the vitamins listed on label . dl-alpha tocopheryl acetate is SYNTHETIC vitamin E. Cyanocobalamin is Synthetic vitamin B12 , etc. etc. . These synthetic vitamins are not easily absorbed and most just produce expensive urine . They use these because they are CHEAP . I 'm too picky about what I give my loved ones and only give them vitamins with NATURAL vitamins . Yes they cost more .
 the product pictured were Pet Tabs Plus , the product delivered were regular Pet Tabs . They are not the same . The picture has been changed since I ordered them .
 Compare the ingredients to those in PAAWS or VitaLife pet supplements . This product is missing key ingredients necessary for your pet 's health and longevity .
 I purchased this product because a friend who is a veterinarian said it would n't be a bad idea to supplement my dogs diet with a multivitamin . I had my doubts that they really needed it , but if it meant optimal nutrition for them I was game.I gave them each -LRB- large dogs -RRB- one tablet after their evening meal and woke up that night to BOTH dogs vomiting . After spending the night cleaning up after two dogs vomiting every few hours I remembered that the only thing that had changed was giving them this product . I took a good look at the ingredient profile and my questions were answered . Low quality ingredients and basically all synthetic . Made in India does not automatically make it a bad product , but after it made my dogs ill I would not at all be surprised if the synthetic vitamins were sourced from the cheapest and most `` questionable '' sources . Amazon refunded my money and the product went straight into the trash , where it belongs.Had I been able to read the rest of the product label , I doubt I would have purchased in the first place . Some of you may have dogs who do just fine . Some people can eat all the processed and chemical filled foods in the world and be just fine too . My otherwise extremely healthy dogs , did not .
 The Vet told me to throw this out . It has dangerous ingredients . I replaced it with a fish oil to promote better skin and stronger paw pads.The oil has been great
 I just got of the phone with the manufacturer and they advised they ARE STILL MAKING THESE IN INDIA.The safety tab was broken.Horrible -- !
 Okay , I do n't have anything inherently against products made in India , but dog vitamins ? I only saw that after they were delivered . I 've been to India and it 's still very much a third-world country and I just get a little concerned as to potential quality control issues in a country where you would n't go near the tap-water . I love my dogs and really try to make sure that I get quality products for them ... I think next time , I 'll try to make sure that they 're a US made vitamin , even if they 're more expensive .
 I received the product and found that the seal under the cap -LRB- that 's suppose to be ` sealed for your protection ' -RRB- was not completely sealed . I thought something was amiss when I realised the cap was not tightly screwed close and I could open it with too much ease . It could not have been a case of someone else opening it ie . customs , as the seal looks to be intact , in one piece and not torn off by someone . This has to be improper sealing from the factory . I checked the tablets and it feels mushy and breaks up easily which probably indicates air/moisture seepage . I will not be feeding this to my puppy.I was n't put off despite the many negative reviews about the product being made in India as I believe there should be credible quality control in place for such a highly rated product -LRB- from Pfizer -RRB- . I was so confident in the product that I had it shipped to S'pore -LRB- via forwarding address -RRB- so you can imagine my disappointment when I received a ` defective ' product . Returning the product was not an option as I would have to pay significant freight charges to ship it back from S'pore . Very Disappointed ... Update -LRB- 22nd Feb -RRB- I contacted Amazon about this issue and they swiftly provided me with a full refund for the product . Excellent customer service but I hope they are going to go back to the manufacturer to address the fault . Looking through the reviews , it seems that I am not the only one with bottle seal issue .
 My dog vomitted violently twice - after taking this product twice ! He is 3 1/2 years old and NEVER vomitted before ! Since I did not give him the product anymore he did not vomit again once ! I wanted to do him good - but this product caused him harm ! BUYER BEWARE - this product is - MADE IN INDIA !!! God knows what they put in it - GANGES WATER ? ! Would I have known the country of origin - I would have never purchased this product !!! GET AN AMERICAN PRODUCT LOCALLY !!!
 I bought this supplement to use as part of my dog 's daily diet regimen . My dog is a white skinned dog and is very susceptible to skin allergies so I have to pay careful attention to what he eats . During the past 8-10 months I was breaking up Pet-Tabs Plus into his food to supplement his diet . Seemed like a good idea at the time , based upon the glowing reviews by Amazon users . The skin allergies seemed to linger though . Sometimes his red blotchy hot spots were getting worse , plus he was scratching so hard he was creating little neck and face wounds on himself . I finally got fed up and started eliminating different things from his diet , one by one , until I saw improvement . This process took 2-3 months . The improvement to his skin condition became apparent after I eliminated Pet-Tabs Plus from his diet . I have actually brought everything else back into his diet except Pet-Tabs and his skin is suddenly beautiful . No red blotches , hot spots , or scratch wounds . I started doing a little research and found that wheat products are very allergenic to dogs . Well the first ingredient listed for Pet-Tabs Plus is wheat germ . The second ingredient listed is kaolin , which is a white clay product used as an absorbent in food products . And as a previous reviewer noted , this product is manufactured in India which , like most anything for pets manufactured in India , China , et al , does n't induce confidence to the pet owner . I 'm not sure which of these things caused my dog 's skin conditions and I do n't really care . All I know is that his condition improved after I STOPPED using this product and his skin has stayed that way . For this reason , I can not endorse this product for use by anyone 's pets and I would NOT recommend Pet-Tabs Plus to a friend , and personally will never use this product again .
 I recently bought these pet vitamins , and mentioned it to a friend . The friend referred me to this link , below , and said Pet Tabs were found to containlead . examiner.com/article/warning-pet-tabs-contain-lead All you need do is put the www before the phrase previous to this sentence and you can see that . -LSB- ... -RSB- In the link , below , Virbac acknowledges that the Pet Tabs do have lead , but claims Consumer Reports testing show the lead content is 500 times below the level for poisoning dogs -- See second paragraph of Virbac letter , fourth sentence . All you need to do is put the www before the phrase previous to this sentence , and you can see it in virbac 's own words . pet-tabs . us/images/pdf / leadcontentfacts . pdf To the previous phrase , add www . and paste it in your browser to see the letter . -LSB- ... -RSB- I am a bit concerned about the lead in the tabs , not the LEVEL , but the fact that the LEAD is there and traceable at all.The current bottle I have states the Tabs are made in India -- and I am assuming their manufacturing regulations are somewhat less than ours in the states.I do n't know what to think now .
 We have four pound dogs and thought supplements would be a good idea . Wrong , not long after -LRB- less than a week -RRB- several female dogs developed crystals in their urine . The Vet said it was the Pet tabs since they are an unregulated product and made in India . I would advise using only American made pet products not unregulated imported productsRW
 After reading another review regarding the manufacture of this Product in India , before I placed my order I called Virbac in Fort Worth , Texas and spoke to a sales representative . I asked about the product being manufactured in India , and she assured me that it was not . Said that had been considered , but it never happened and the item was manufactured in the US.I clearly stated , `` So , if I purchase this product , when it arrives , I will receive a product manufactured in the United States ? '' She said oh yes . Please be aware this was not an Amazon contact , this was direct by phone to Virbac in Texas.WRONG . Item received today and right on the label it says MADE IN INDIA in all caps . I immediately went online and returned the product for a refund ; with no problem from Amazon.Since there is apparently no way to know where this product was manufactured until it arrives in your hand ; I discourage purchase . Perhaps we should check at local retailers for label information . Pet Tabs have been a good product for years . I am sorry to see this decline in manufacturing QA of a consumable product . I intend to call Virbac back tomorrow and express my disappointment .
 I have not used this product , so obviously I ca n't vouch for its efficacy . However , the ingredient list includes sorbitol , a sugar alcohol that is bad for dogs . It affects blood sugar for dogs and can cause sudden drops in blood sugar and liver problems . Just a heads up .
 ascorbic acid was listed in web description but it did not exist on the packaging label . i would n't feed these to my dog and they were for her ... bait and switch . amazon should not carry this product.obviously the `` great '' raters were not ready the labels but i am glad they got the results they were looking for in their pets .
 Before purchasing the product , i read the reviews and there has been some debate as to where the vitamins were actually manufactured . Some say the good ole ' USA , some say India.I figured that the only way to find out the answer was to purchase the item myself and read the label.The tablets arrived in a sealed shipping box from Amazon , and the plastic container itself was open and was submerged in tablets . It seems a bit odd that the bottle was not damaged in way . It was simply open ! Also , there was no evidence of a safety seal of any kind on the product.So , to add my input to the debate , the product is indeed `` MADE IN INDIA ''
 A much better product to feed your doggy is '' Mega Pet Daily 180 cap '' by Azmira.Look up the ingredients ! It 's more expensive but also better , as usual.Mega Pet Daily 180 caporSolid Gold Seameal Mineral and Vitamin Supplement for Horses , Dogs , and Cats -LRB- 1 pound -RRB- Please check out the ingredients since you love your pups .
 I think this product is terrible . The first time I put my 40 # golden retriever in it she tore through the mesh liner in 1 hour -LRB- the time I was gone -RRB- and got out . It is not durable at all !!! I am very disappointed .
 This product smells like bananas . Both my dogs WILL eat bananas BUT they WILL NOT TOUCH any food that has this product on top . I could n't even fool them by mixing it in . I will never know if it would have eliminated tear stains & basically it was a waste of money.I have now ordered `` Angels Eyes '' Chicken Flavored and they eat that with no problem .
 I had been using Angels ' Eyes for 2 years . It worked great , but I did have to mix it with fresh green beans -LRB- cut up very small -RRB- and some cheese . We used the chicken based Angel 's Eyes . If I wanted to hand feed him -LRB- which is not my favorite thing to do , I could roll small pieces of cheese in Angels ' Eyes powder and he would lap it up.Why I decided to change is beyond me - Max would not touch his food with the Angels ' Glow mixed in . Neither cheese nor green beans -LRB- His favorite snack -RRB- mixed in tempted him . I used it one time - and I actually had to throw out his food as he left it untouched for an entire day . -LRB- 24 hours -RRB- I strongly advise anyone NOT to purchase this item .
 This is basically the same product as Angel eyes except it has `` filler '' ingredients so there 's actually less of the effective ingredient . I found it a lot less effective on my maltese mix 's tear stains than the original product . I wo n't be ordering this again and will stick to Angel eyes .
 I have tried so many tear-stain removers . Angel Eyes did not work.I had hopes for this , but it made th dog regurgitate . : -LRB-
 I tried this on my GSD and the results were underwhelming . After a lot of brushing it captured very little fur -- hardly anything ! I tried this before getting a furminator because of the price . I was so disappointed in the performance of this brush that I ordered a furminator immediately , which was well worth the extra $ 20 . Perhaps this works better on other breeds , but the efficiency of the furminator is so much greater , I do not regret paying more for it .
 Ca n't get as much fur off my corgi as the furminator can . Donated it to the grooming section at my clinic .
 Just go to a 99 Cent store and pick up a heavy comb . . this thing only combed through my cats hair . He has long hair and I did n't want to pay for a larger furminator -LRB- which are great , btw , just too expensive -RRB- . I sent this back too , it did n't do a thing ... do n't bother , just buy a furminator , they are way more expensive , but do the job . I have one , but it is too small for my male cat , so it takes me forever to get his undercoat nice ... DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE EVOLUTION W6110 RAKE ...
 This product did nothing to remove any loose fur on my Husky 's undercoat . I am just going to stick with the furminator . People seem to think the Furminator is bad for dogs , however mine is fine with it . It removes a ton of LOOSE fur , without excessive brushing that could hurt my dogs skin .
 Bought this for a PomChi . Did not work at all . I know it was too big but I really cant see how it would work on anything less than a Buffalo . I really do n't think it was designed to remove the under coat just a brush to remove tangles .
 I got caught up in all the great reviews on this one . I bought one and tried it on my dog , but I have to admit , it was just average . A week prior , my friend had loaned me her Furminator to try . It worked really good . Based on the reviews for this one being as good as her brand , I thought I 'd save some $ $ $ and order one . I should 've just bitten the bullet and bought her brand . Sorry , just did n't work that good .
 The teeth are too wide for my short hair Rottweiller . Does not do the job . But probably good for the long hair dog .
 I bought this and the Furminater as someone reviewed this as better for my Husky Its not it did not take any fur out as compared to the other and was a waste of money .
 I do n't think this removes that much undercoat , I did better with a slicker brush . Have just order a furminator and will review it when I have used it . This one , do n't waste your money , it does n't get that much undercoat out .
 did not like this grooming rake . it was weird and awkward for me to use . didnt really work with my German wire hair , maybe better for other breeds
 As for construction , it seems sturdy enough and it 's unique in that it has rotating teeth . However , it does make a bit of noise which my dog did not like . Also , my dog has a medium coat - not very long , but he does have some undercoat . It seemed to me this would be better for a dog with longer hair or a thicker undercoat - it just did n't really grip the hair or get it out on my dog . Now it 's just sitting in a box not being used . I much prefer the Oster undercoat rake for my dog 's coat - really gets a ton more hair out than this one .
 Could be better . The rake is quite loud and does n't remove much of my husky 's undercoat . A combination of a furminator and slicker bush works a lot better for me . Comfortable handle and enjoyable for the dog . Does n't get stuck like many other rakes due to the rotating teeth , but they are quite loud .
 Unbelievable . Two of the four legs were so bent that it could n't even stand up straight . The bottom half of one of the lion 's faces was broken off and laying in the box . And if that were n't enough , the bowls were NOT 2 quarts . I paid $ 54.99 for model # 665 which is supposed to include two 2-quart bowls . The packing slip said # 665 but the bowls are 1 quart bowls . Do n't these people know how to measure ? It does n't even deserve one star .
 I received mine dog bowls today and on of the legs is broken so it wo n't stand up straight and one of the other pieces on it is broken too . One thing I really do n't like about buying things online is when things like this happen . I do n't want to go out of my way to repackage it mail it back and wait for another one so I 'll get some super glue and fix it . I give it one star b/c it 'll still get the job done but what a piece of **** ! b
 The Feeder is a nice design but the advertizing is incorrect and misleading . The two bowls together are not even the size of a medium size bowl . The bowls should be LARGE enough for a LARGE/MEDIUM dog ... Not the manner in which it is advertized as `` two bowls 2 qts . '' Very dishonest . Each bowl is therefore barely a quart !!!
 We have a very hyper Whippet mix that loves to bark . Any time anyone walks by the house , he runs to the windows and barks and howls . When it 's a person walking a dog it 's even worse , with his hair standing up and attacking the windows like there is an intruder in our home . I decided to purchase this collar for two main reasons
 The collar works as described however , it 's not effective . Our dog does not miss a step -LRB- or bark -RRB- when it goes off . On the plus side , the house smells nice and the mosquitoes stay away !
 My dog was startled when she was first sprayed , and then startled again a few times after . But after the first few sprays , she could have cared less and just yapped the day away with the collar spraying all over the place . She smelled like a mosquito repellent candle for a week until I finally gave up .
 Worked great for a month , now I have no idea why its not working . Filled the citronella chamber , switched the on/off button , even bought a new battery ... just stopped working for no known reason . Bummer ! It was nice to have my sanity back for that month , but back to incessant barking .
 I purchased the collar six months ago , and at first it seemed like it was going to do the trick . However , I then noticed that the collar was going off at random times , like when my dog yawned , sneezed , or even did nothing . I once found him cowering in the yard as the spray went off every second , for no reason . Needless to say , the dog is terrified of the collar . The last time I put it on him he stood glued in the same spot for 45 minutes , not even moving his head . I tried putting a bandana under the collar to make it less sensitive , but that did n't make much difference . It 's a good idea , but the technology has a LONG way to go .
 Our dog loved the citranella spray so much that he barked more just to get another wiff . We realized the solution to our problem is probably not in a can .
 This product did not work for our dog . However , I did appreciate being warned that it was not returnable to Amazon . So , I purchased it at a local pet store and was able to return it . We are on plan C now . Using the new Sunbeam shock bark collar . It was affordable -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- and has a second set of long probes that cut through our dog 's dense fur . So far so good .
 We 've got a small beagle mix who just loves to go outside and bark from our patio at any neighbor she can see . I bought this collar hoping it might ease her up to charging out the door and barking . And well , it has . Within the first day or two , we could see noticeable change in her barking , even when we did n't have the collar on . I thought the battery life was fine -LRB- as some other reviewers made me fear I 'd need a new battery every week -RRB- and amount of spray provided was adequate . My only problem with the collar as that the snap cracked , and broke within two weeks . As it turns out , both the beagle mix , and/or her MUCH more docile sister , decided to treat the collar like a toy once the snap gave way . Once the snap gave way , the collar became a toy . It never stood a chance at that point.Not happy with the build of the collar itself . It has hopefully changed the dog 's behavior , but with only having it on for two weeks , I 'm not hopeful the behavior change will stick.Also , not happy with Amazon on this one . I understand not being able to ship the item back due to the citronella spray can . However , a little warning would be nice . I 've now got a $ 40 worthless hunk of plastic hanging across some threads of what used to be a collar , and there 's nothing I can do . Quick ! Someone spray me in the face with some citronella!UPDATE - 1/30/2012So , out of desperation , we purchased another one of these . This time , there was one small difference with the collar . This time the collar came `` pre-strung '' . We did n't have to put the collar onto the device . And I have to say , my biggest problem with this collar is gone . The snap on this collar is substantially better . We 've had the new collar for a couple months and so far , so good . It 's doing its job with the dog , and it 's holding up on its own .
 I bought this collar for my dog because he gets barky at night and when I 'm gone if he hears people talking in the hallway . It was working GREAT ! He figured out within a few days that when the collar was on , he was not to bark . But then he was sleeping and out of nowhere it suddenly sprayed him ! I contacted the seller , and they said he should n't wear it while he 's sleeping -LRB- which makes no sense , because dogs sleep on and off throughout the day while you 're gone -RRB- , but I decided to give it another chance . He was just sitting next to me on the floor not even MOVING and it just sprayed him again out of nowhere ! So that was the last time I put it on him . The seller tried to tell me there was nothing wrong with the collar and that it was just `` not a good fit for my dog . '' It was working fine , I just do n't think it 's fair for him to be sprayed with something he finds aversive when he 's being good !
 This collar worked for my lab initially , so I actually ordered a second one for my much smaller corgi . The strap is very adjustable so it fit both dogs fine . Soon after I received my 2nd collar , the first one pretty much stopped working . It would make a click like it was going to spray but then would n't . This problem was solved on a few occasions by shaking the device , but within another week or so it was totally toast . The 2nd collar lasted about the same amount of time , 2 weeks . It worked great on my dogs when , well , it worked ... but that was not very long . I would not spend money on this product again .
 This collar will spray at the slightest sound or movement . Unless you want your dog to lay perfectly still all day , this wo n't work . My dog gets sprayed constantly - and it can ' t be returned . Although it also sprays when he barks .
 Did n't affect my dog at all . Barking continues . He is a 15 month old Westie/Schnauzer mix . Maybe it 's the breed .
 My little dog still barks when using the collar . My house smells like citronella though ...
 I have purchased 4 of these collars and while they work great for controlling barking problems , 3 of them stopped working in less than 30 days . Because the spray is considered hazardous you ca n't return them which makes for an even bigger inconvenience .
 Please do not waste your money . I am very disappointed that it says you ca n't return the item . It does not work at all . It sprays but it will spray my dog for no reason . He was n't even barking and it would spray him in the face .
 I really wanted this to work . My 3-year-old English Springer Spaniel barks at everything
 We were so excited that this would be the perfect solution to our Shitzu barking when we were n't home or even if we just were outside . The first day it seemed to malfunction right from the start . When he barked it would spray multiple times , it should let off one spray for each bark . Still it seemed to stop his barking for the first day or two . After that he seemed to not be bothered by the spray at all and actually would lick his nose after being sprayed . We continued to use the collar , hoping for positive results , but the battery was dead after approx two weeks . I attempted to get a new battery at multiple locations . Apparently you can only order them online . The concept is excellent but the results not so good .
 It worked great for 3 months , them the citronella started leaking so it does n't work anymore . The item is non-returnable and I do n't see a warranty . It uses a microphone so it sprays -LRB- ed -RRB- also when my kids cryed or when someone sneezed next to the dog . My dog threw up a few times , probably because of the amount of citronella he got .
 We used it on our pug . The first two days we could really tell that it was working . After that second day the spray did n't bother our pug one bit . In less than a week of wearing the collar for approx . 8 hours a day he barked through an entire container of spray . We decided in not purchasing any more citronella .
 I bought this collar less than a month ago and have had nothing but trouble . It sprays when the collar hits the window when she puts her head out to feel the breeze . It also sprays when she is just sitting doing nothing . She is confused as to what it is for and , frankly , so am I ! Amazon wo n't take it back because the Citronella is under pressure in the collar . So , my advice is `` Do Not Buy This Collar '' .
 I was hoping so much that this would work but it does n't for me . It startled her the first time but then after that , back to barking .
 I purchased this collar in the hopes of finding a decent alternative to &#34; shock collars &#34; . When the first collar arrived , got it setup easily , put it on the dog , it worked for about 30 mins then stopped . I ensured that it was properly filled , battery was tight , but no such luck.i contacted Amazon and they were nice enough to send out a second collar . Did n't work from the moment I bought it . Both are being returned . I would recommend trying another brand .
 I bought this for my pug mix after getting too many complaints from my roommates about barking while I was gone . I wanted to try this before getting a shock collar because my dog is pretty sensitive to discipline . I thought this collar was going to be great because she barked once and she did NOT like getting sprayed ... unfortunately 30 seconds later she just shook her head because the device is uncomfortable and it sprayed her . So then she was very confused and did n't trust anything while wearing it and just cowered in a corner . I feel it is too inhumane to make her wear it . . disappointed .
 We tried this collar out for our pug , thinking that it was a more humane option to shock collars . 4 problems with this collar :1 -RRB- the pug does n't mind the citronella that sprays in his face . when the collar does spray , he stops , sniffs , then continues barking2 -RRB- I do mind the smell of citronella sprayed all over my living room3 -RRB- the collar sprays when another dog barks . talk about confusing the pug .4 -RRB- the collar requires constant refilling # 3 and # 4 really confuse the pug . this means that when he wears the collar he is inconsistently corrected . this inconsistency is confusing and the worst method of training for a dog.We ended up getting the Sportdog NoBark 10R . Get that one . It works considerably better , even with smaller dogs .
 I got a new dog about two months ago and though he is doing a little better now , he barks , a lot , when I leave him alone . He is a hound and his bark is pretty loud and long . He hates getting sprayed with this collar and it works to stop his barking . The problem is it goes off without him making a peep , no bark , whine , sneeze , or anything and it will spray him . I watched one morning before I left for work and it sprayed him three times for no apparent reason . He gets it when he is sprayed for barking and he stops , but when he keeps getting sprayed for no reason he gets all anxious weird and depressed . Makes me feel really bad for him . This thing sucks ! It does keep him quiet -LRB- in a torture kinda way -RRB- when its on so I am keeping it for now , I have been putting on and keeping it turned off , no complaints from the neighbors so far so maybe that 's working . Just hope it does n't turn my poor dog into a nutcase.Also , I have a friend with a Jack Russell Terrier with a barking problem that wanted to try this collar too . It says one size fits all . I think that 's a joke , this thing is practically as big as the Jack Russell 's head . It would look really funny on a smaller dog and seems like it would be really intrusive .
 Last year we took in a rescue and she decided to protect her new home by barking at any noise , people walking by with dogs , no dogs , strollers ... anything . When it was not the by-passers then the squirrels in the trees . We have another 6 year old who never was a big barker , and so there were no problems with neighbors . Since nothing seems to work -LRB- click/reward system , being firm -RRB- we decided to go with a bark control collar . As we thought using a e-collar for a rescue , who just moved in new surroundings is too much.The first time she barked with it , she was startled by the citronella and stopped . Wow , we thought , maybe that will do it . Unfortunately it did n't , she would bark right through it . The whole house would smell like citronella . Another problem was that it would go off when our second dog would bark , punishing her for no reason.If you have a dog with hyper personality , you might be wasting your money .
 I was disappointed when I read ALL the directions that this spray will only stop the dog from barking when he wears the collar . As soon as you take the collar off , the barking with resume . Since I have a small dog , and the spray container is very large and bulky , I have not used the product . I do not wish the dog to wear it forever .
 Purchased this item and know I 'm stuck and out of $ $ as Amazon will not allow me to return it . I received the following message when I attempted to return this item . I recommend going to Petco , Walmart or Petsmart . `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . ''
 I have a Pomeranian puppy who barks up a storm over anything and everything . The collar was really big , but easily solved by cutting off the excess and the product was very easy to use . Unfortunately , once I put it on my dog , he barked once and was sprayed with citronella , but he was not scared at all . He was more curious and continued to bark just to be sprayed . It was quite entertaining but did not serve its purpose .
 Bought this for our barking newfoundland - worked right away - then after the second day she got immune to it and would bark until it emptied which did not take long . You can not return it and the replacement spray is a little pricey and hard to find .
 One of the two collars I received sprayed randomly . The other one did n't during the time I tested them but both went off with head shaking , yawning and sneezing . My dogs were very anxious about the whole experience . I 'm being sent replacements . Not sure if they 'll be any better.UPDATED : I was sent two new devices that were supposed to have been tested before they were sent . I put them on my dogs , who were extremely anxious -LRB- shaking -RRB- from the last experience , and waited . I tried to calm them down by feeding treats . One of the collars went off while the dog took a treat . Needless to say , my dog was extremely confused and refused to take any treats for 24 hours after that . I took both collars off . Very frustrating especially since they worked SO WELL in stopping the barking .
 First off the shipping took forever , I received the collar , put it on my dog one day . Then all of a sudeen it stopped working . So we got new batteries and it still does not work . And now I am unable to send it back because it is a `` hazardous '' material !!! I am extremely upset that I wasted 40 DOLLARS for nothing !
 stopped spraying after 2 weeks ... very disappointed . i really needed this product to work . I am trying to train a dog since my neighbor is complaining . this product is making a tough situation even tougher .
 We bought 2 of these for our 2 miniature aust . shepherds due to neighbors complaining about their bark . It was very difficult to put the device on the collar . After 5 minutes , it came off and was lost in the yard . I just tried to return it and Amazon says it can not be returned due to its `` hazardous nature '' ... did n't see that disclaimer in the description !
 We bought this for our 9 months old puppy & it does n't work , he got use to the smell , so we were very unhappy with the product . Do n't believe the great reviews and judge by that . Thats what i did :--LRB- thats why i purchased and it stinks : - -LRB-
 Our dog barked every night in his crate and early every morning to let us know he wanted out . We tried the ultrasonic products with no luck . We tried the citronella spay collar but it only made him bark more . At last we tried the static shock collar and after one bark the problem was solved . We and the dog now sleep through the night . Save your money and go straight to the static shock .
 I purchased this collar October '09 and when I tried to refill it today , it just leaked the charge out around a seam . So it lasted just over three months . I did not register the item within the 15-30 day window so the 1 year warranty is void . I do n't know if they would have covered it , there 's lots of wiggle room in the wording of the warranty . It did not get rough treatment . I used the same brand to recharge it . It worked for my mini-schnauzer 's barking but not as well as the shock collar set low . When it spritzed him he acted way more `` shocked '' than with the actual shock collar , like he imagined a viper hissing at him .
 NOTE
 Would never buy this again ... it randomly sprayed citronella with or without any sound initiation and the spray did nothing to deter our Aussie Blue Heeler from barking . The spray unit is also a bit bulky and our dog is slender ... uncertain if this would be appropriate for any small dog . You also have to ensure that their fur is not obstructing the spray unit in any way or it will not work appropriately . Our dog has medium shag hair length around her neck , so this provided yet another obstacle when applying her collar . Ugh ... too much work and no reward .
 I purchased two of these collars for my two Yorkshire Terriers who suffer from separation anxiety when I leave them alone . I was hoping that these collars would stop them from barking and disturbing my neighbors , but they did not . My dogs quickly learned that they could bark until the spray ran out , usually after about 12 sprays . The collars would also go off for no apparent reason , most likely confusing my dogs . I do not recommend this product , especially for stubborn dogs . I switched to the static collars as a last resort . The static collars have worked very well so far and my dogs were only shocked a couple of times before they figured it out . They are not as bad as people think they are . Do n't buy the cheap brands found at Petsmart that are made in China , buy American like the ones made by Tri-tronics ! The Tri-tronics Bark Limiter G3 is a great product . You can set the shock level and it records how many times your dog was shocked when you are not home . Now I can visually see how effective the collars are when I 'm not at home .
 I bought this collar at the advice of friends who were against the electric bark collar . They had good luck with it , and the reviews all looked reasonably positive.It has n't worked right once . Not even close . We adjusted the collar as the instructions said and everything.The collar arrived and I put it on our puppy hoping to stop the crazy barking she would do when we put her in her crate -LRB- for crate training -RRB- . My daughter and husband were watching as it did n't spray at all when she was barking her little head off , but once she stopped it shot her right in the face . That of course set her off into another barking fit . From there it sprayed intermitently ; but mostly when she was n't barking . They vehemently protested the collars use and I did n't believe them . We removed the collar.The next day I watch for myself . Same experience . The sensor just did n't work as advertised . She was getting sprayed just sitting still in her crate and that would cause her to freak out and bark.I sincerely wish I could return this . It was a complete waste of the money I spent .
 I have a german shepherd/husky mix that barks when she is kenneled . The collar initially surprised her , but it did not make her stop barking . It just makes her smell like citronella . There are a number of issues with it
 The Innotek Anti-Bark Spray Collar is poorly designed . The plastic loops through which the collar slides are centered on the device . They should be located near the top where the spray outlet is located . As designed the device flips bottom up instead of toward the animals head . I would not recomment this product .
 I bought three of these for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniels . When they came I found that the dogs need skin contact to work and my breed has chest hair . Ca n't use this product without cutting their hair and as they are show dogs I wo n't do that . It should be on the product information that this is for short haired dogs . Also it 's not returnable as citronella is considered toxic and ca n't be sent back .
 While it seemed to work , we did n't get a whole lot of use out of it . After one night our puppy had clawed her way through the material ... making it unwearable ... $ 30 for one night ? Not okay .
 I am not happy with the return policy of this item . The items I recived were to big for my dogs and I am unable to return them , even though they have never been used .
 We 've had had alot of problems with our blue heeler barking uncontrollably whenever visitors stop at the house . We were hoping this would deter her barking by at least 50 % to something tolerable . Boy , were we disappointed.At first , the spray startled her but did not stop her from barking . After getting used to the spray , it does n't even surprize her anymore . It just makes the house smell like citronella as she barks away until the visitors are gone -LRB- and these are people that frequently visit -RRB- . I purchased another three cans thinking it would just take a little longer but it looks like it will be a wasted effort . We opted to purchase the spray collar instead of the shock collar thinking it would be the more humane approach to breaking the annoying habit . When given a 50/50 chance ... well , that 's why I do n't go to the casino .
 Do n't waste your money ... first time in years that I have been disappointed with a product that I purchased . This collar had no effect on our barking dog . $ 36.00 and our dog barks right through until it runs out of citronella . Has no affect what-so-ever . I really regret my purchase . Read the fine print . This item is listed as hazardous material and it can not be returned . I just threw $ 36.00 dollars away . I hope I can save someone from a really wasteful purchase .
 The sensor on this collar does not work at all . It can not tell the difference between the vibration from a bark and from a shake or any kind of disturbance to the collar . He gets sprayed for no reason and is very confused . This collar does not work at all .
 I have had this collar before and it was better than a Petsafe collar for which I paid $ 125 . However , , i have been disappointed with the 2 I recently ordered . They do not spray when the dogs bark . I have not been able to get either one to work .
 The collar is built well , but it only holds less than 10 sprays . My 5 month old Pup would bark/shake her head and bark again until it was empty then just bark . I went through the entire bottle in a single day and it pretty much does not work.NOTE
 I ordered this collar to keep my dog from waking up the house when I 'm getting the ready for work at 5am . Sure the citronella spray would keep my dog from barking , but it also keeps him from moving ! He walked two steps and the thing started spraying him in the face and would n't stop . I ca n't even return it because the citronella spray is considered hazardous material . What a waste of money ! Do n't buy this product !
 This anti bark collar never worked from day one . We replaced the battery and it still did n't work . A gross waste of money .
 Ok so I was really excited about this humane way of getting my barking 5 year old vizsla to calm down . I get the product and it works all right - it sprayed my dog when she jumped on the bed , when she moved during her nap , and a couple of other non barking , non noise induced times . So now she is slightly more neurotic wondering why she is getting sprayed in the face every few minutes.I was looking for a way to return it - after searching the website I found there is no return because they consider the spray can to be a hazardous material - so then why were they able to ship it to me?I just searched the purchase page to see where it said that I can not return it , it does n't say it anywhere . I used 1-click so there were no other notifications anywhere telling me that I am now $ 37 poorer and stuck with a defective item.I 'm really disappointed and will reconsider ordering from amazon in the future !
 This spray stopped our dogs from barking but after 2 - 3 months we could no longer fill them . The refill would spray out all over the place . Could n't get any into the collar . Replaced by the store and again , same issue .
 This product did not work at all at first , then we got it to work one day but then not the next day or the next , meaning it would spray citronella only on some days and namely one day out of several days . I have no clue why , we would check and re-check the instructions and make sure the on-off switch did n't inadvertently get switched to off . We put a new battery in , all to no avail . But when it did spray citronella it did get her to stop barking . If you are going to buy this collar , I would suggest not buying it from a merchant who requires it be in new , sale-able condition upon return because there is no way you can find out if it works , unless you open and use it and it 's packaged in the type of factory sealing that is impossible to open and re-seal without damage to the packaging . Buy it from someone more flexible with returns , you can ascertain a merchant 's return policy by clicking on their name . We wound up being denied a refund and throwing the item in the garbage .
 I ordered this for a 4-5 lb Yorkie . It is WAY too big !! I wanted to return it , but Amazon will not allow returns on this product because `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . `` I 'm very disappointed because I was lead to believe that 1 -RRB- it would fit a small dog 2 -RRB- it can not be returned
 I was really looking forward to amazing results after reading all the positive reviews , but unfortunately the collar did not work for my dog . She just continued to bark while being sprayed .
 This product is horrible . It says it fits dogs of all sizes , but the collar wo n't stay on properly on my dog , who is a smaller sized dog , about 16 pounds . I 've followed the instructions step by step and it just wo n't work.Instructions say to test by blowing into the microphone , which is the only way to activate the spray action . Barking does not do it . My dog barks and it wo n't activate the spray . I 've even tested it myself by `` barking '' into the microphone and it will not spray.Bummer is because of the spray can included , this item is n't eligible for return . So now I 'm stuck with a pricey , defective item .
 This thing really did not work for my dog . He 's 12 pounds and this was so big that it could n't really get the proper fit without it being SUPER tight on him . As a result the spray was very erratic and only worked about 5 % of the time . It also went off at other times . I called the company and they told me to change the battery . I did so -- out more money -- and it was still erratic and ineffective .
 First spray , and my dog 's barking stopped ! It only took a few sprays for him to connect the dots . Soon , all I had to do was put the collar on him and it was quite times in my house . After a couple of months , the thing stopped working . I refilled it . I changed the battery ... and nothing . Now , I see on someone else 's review that I ca n't return it to Amazon so I 'm reluctant to purchase a new one from Amazon .
 I just wasted $ 40 ! I filled the collar , turned it on , fastened on my dog ... my dog BARKED and BARKED and BARKED and BARKED and ... you get the picture . This product did NOTHING to hinder my dog from barking ! VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!!!!
 This collar simply did n't work . I followed the directions , very simple really , and nothing . I made sure the reservoir was full , checked and rechecked the on/off switch , having my dog bark with it both ways - nothing . As a last resort , I took the battery to a battery shop to have it tested and the battery was good , but the collar is a dud . To add insult to injury I find out only after this experience , and deciding to return my defective collar , that Amazon has a no returns policy on this collar . Save your money and buy something else , I wish I had.UPDATE
 Was interested in something a little more humane than a shock coller for our Aussie shepherd . It 's somewhat their breeds demeanor to bark , but we are trying to curtail it as not to upset the neighbors . She barks when playing fetch -LRB- barks until you throw the ball , barks at our other dog when he gets the ball , etc -RRB- . The first few times she barked , it worked . She appeared to be confused and stopped barking . However , she quickly got used to the spray and it did not phase her one bit . She was barking constantly , and a near-constant spray of the Citronella did not affect her one bit.If your dog barks just occasionally , this very well may work . However , if your dog is a nuisance barker who barks continuously , you may want to try another product .
 The collar worked for the first few days then it stopped working . I ordered new batteries and replaced them , refilled the collar and it worked for a few minutes then nothing . I tried to return it and Amazon does n't accept it as a return because it contains the citronella spray , which is considered hazmat . The fact that it was not a returnable item should be noted in the listing . Amazon quickly resolved the issue when I contacted them through chat .
 The product description says that it works on all sizes of dog . I have a 12-pound JRT-Chihuahua mix who is an insane barker . Three years of training has n't worked and we needed something -LRB- our mailman changed routes because of her , and we have a baby who I 'd like to nap -RRB- . I was worried about shock collars on such a small dog . However , the unit on this was way too big for her little neck . It is heavy and bulky . It would have been fine if she were just sitting or standing all the time , but she could n't lie down with it on . She was so uncomfortable . I need something she can wear all the time because I never know when someone is going to come to the door . Of course you have to cut the collar to make it fit so now I ca n't return it . I wanted to like this but it turned out to be a waste of time and money . We ended up getting a shock collar -- the unit is smaller and in the end more effective for us .
 Worked one time on my little rat terrier . Then went off every time she shook her head or even moved suddenly!Next it proceeded to completely empty out all the citronella!I reccommend trying something else ... Currently trying to get my money back from Amazon - website says you ca n't return pressurized vessels - even if they do n't have any pressure because they are BROKEN
 This product worked for only about a week with my Sheltie . Soon , she realized that once it ran out it would stop spraying her . We were having to refill it constantly . She also learned how to bark in a low pitch so it would n't set it off . If you have a smart breed , I would n't try it because Amazon will not let you return it because of the hazardous material .
 After complaints of barking while gone at work , I tried Ultrasonic bark control devices on my 2 Boxers . It works on one , but not the younger one . So I purchased one of these spray collars instead of going straight for a shock/vibration collar.I let my younger dog wear this spray collar for several time periods before I filled and turned the collar on as the instructions suggested . He had no problems wearing it , did n't bother him at all . This past Monday I filled the collar , tested it by blowing into the microphone , and was impressed with the amount of spray that came out . I put it on my 80 pound Boxer , and hoped for the best as I headed off to work . When I returned home , I could smell a hint of citronella - it obviously had sprayed , but he was no longer wearing the collar.I found the battery and back to the battery compartment in the backyard , the collar with the plastic clip chewed up on the floor and the box/spray piece under the couch . With plenty of teeth marks . Needless to say , it does not work anymore.My suggestion would be , do not bother with the `` collar '' it comes with , use a REAL collar with a metal buckle if you have a decent size dog . I think the younger dog enlisted his older brother to help him get that thing off of him . They are partners in crime ...
 I received the Innotek Collar that was suppossed to be for `` small '' dogs . It was very loose on our Yorkie . I filled it with the spray and it did work but the collar was just too big . I called to try to return it and was told I could not because of the spray . SO , I wasted $ 40 and do not have a product that I can use . My advice -------------------- DO NOT BUY FOR A DOG UNDER 10 LBS .
 Goes off randomly even when dog is not barking . Tried several different adjustments but the results were the same . Left it turned on on my desk next to my bed and it went off for no apparent reason twice in less than an hour . Can not recommend this collar .
 I have a feisty havanese -LRB- 9lbs -RRB- who loves to watch TV with us . Having a 73 `` Hi def tv she thinks everything is real . We can no longer watch westerns -LRB- hates horses -RRB- or war films -LRB- soldiers -RRB- or Kung-Fu panda -LRB- really -RRB- . We almost had to sedate her to get thru War Horse . Got this product and it worked for about a month . Now she looks like she is having an epileptic seizure jerking her head back every time she barks and gets sprayed . This no longer works on her . Time to try a stronger method . Tried a sonic collar previously with similar poor results . Take 3 - UGH . At least the house smells pleasant from the citronella !
 This worked really well for a few weeks and then just stopped working . Not a reliable product for $ 50 + .
 I purchased two collars and both worked great for a few months . Then they stopped working . I replaced the batteries and kept refilling the spray ; still they would n't work . They were good while they lasted but they just did n't last long .
 The collar works well when it sits correctly on the dog . Unfortunately , it has a habit of flipping over so the citronella sprays down instead of toward the dog 's nose . If it stayed put , I would give it 5 stars !
 We bought this collar because our dog barks at his own shadow ! Spraying him with water and verbally scolding him did not work . This collar seemed to work at first . My 22 lb dog would wear it and it would stop his barking very quickly . After 2 weeks he did n't care if the collar sprayed him , he would continue to bark and get sprayed over and over . Waste of money . Going to have to try another method !
 This product worked for the first couple of days . The first few sprays distracted my lab enough , she would try to figure out where it came from , which caused her to forget what she was barking at . However , she began to get used to it and eventually she would bark over it . We wondered if the battery or spray ran out , but it worked just fine . We would watch her bark amidst a cloud of citronella spray ! So if you have a stubborn or defiant dog , I 'm sure the effect of the spray will wear off rather quickly and they will just ignore it . In fact , I would n't really recommend it to anyone . We have since tried the PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar which worked great . She stopped barking the first time and will never bark when the collar is on her .
 We have a one year old yorkshire terrier who recently started barking a lot at the wall by our next door neighbor 's house who just got two golden retrievers . -LRB- The neighbor 's dogs usually start howling , then our dog runs out there and barks 20-50 times at all times of the day and night . -RRB- We bought this collar because it seemed more human than the shock collars . As soon as we figured out how to fill it and make it work , we put it on our dog and almost instantly , he stopped the excessive barking . He would go out and bark once or twice , then get sprayed and whimper away from the wall . This worked for about two weeks . We then heard him barking a lot again and determined the battery was dead , so we replaced it and refilled it and once again , it curbed his barking . However , about a week after that , I guess he decided he could take it , and now will just bark and bark and bark , even through he is getting sprayed over and over again . So , now we have a dog who still barks excessively and he smells like citronella all the time . I guess it 's time to go back to square one and find another method to train him ...
 I have a 5 lb maltese/bichon mix and i was sure this would help , but her bark -LRB- which seems pretty loud to me -RRB- did n't even set the device off . The retailer wo n't permit returns , so I would only invest in this if your dog has a fairly substantial bark !
 Collar seems to work like it is suppose to but the dog , german shep , could care less about getting sprayed . Going to pay the money and get a good shock collar . Was hoping this would work but figured it would not . Waste of money .
 Please check into this problem I seem to be having I have the extra batteries and the extra spray I had ordered BUT no collars yet . My phone # is -LRB-908-RRB-400-4467 please contact meBonnie Sudnik
 We did n ot use the product . Our dog has limited her barking lately without any product.So may we return it and if so how ?
 My dog completely disregarded the citronella smell from day 1 ... Plus I 'm pretty sure there are no returns . It sounds like this collar works for some people but then eventually dogs just stop caring . I would n't reccomend !
 I bought this in the hopes it would help with the barking problem , however with in one week of using this product it just stopped working !!!!! I changed the battery refilled the chamber and nothing !!! It is a big piece of crap I would not recommed it to anybody . I could not send it back because I threw every thing away that it was packed in , because I had heard such good things about it.It worked for about a week and I thought I was onto something good , was I fooled for the money I am very dosapointed !!! Do n't waste your money it jams up and wont spray so what good is that ?
 It worked great for 1 day . I bought additional batteries in case that was the problem . No go . Took it to a Pet Smart location in town . They could n't help . Some things should not be purchased on line.Al
 Got this for our old Golden Retriever . When I first put it on him and he barked , I could see that it worked - his eyes closed and he shook his head . A minute later he went to bark and he caught himself - I was so happy ! Well , about ten minutes later he just barked and barked like it was n't even on . So , I trimmed his fur all around that area , refilled the can , and ... . Nothing . He just did n't care that the smell came out , I guess , and I think he realized that if he barks a lot for a minute , then it 's not a problem anymore.Ok , so I figured it must just work better on smaller dogs , and I can return it . NOPE , ca n't return it . ` Hazardous materials ' ca n't be returned - they wo n't even take back the collar , without the extra refill cans of spray I should n't have ordered.So there 's about $ 50 down the drain - for nothing . SO disappointed with Amazon , and Innotek company , right now .
 This item never would work . I kept shortening the collar thinking it was not tight enough against my dog 's neck . She finally managed to break the plastic -LRB- read cheap -RRB- clasp and chewed up the box .
 Well , I thought I would try it since nothing else has worked . When I saw the package with a Westie on it I had high hopes since that is the breed of my little noise maker . The first day she barked a few times and seemed to be pretty quiet . Now I think maybe there was just nothing to bark at that day . After 2 days she has figured out that it is just a spray and it runs out pretty quick so it is like a big joke to her now . On the plus side , I think it might work as a great mosquito repellant for our yard in the summer .
 I have a young Blue Tick hound and it did absolutely nothing to control any barking ... just kinda confused him at first , then after that he really did n't care . Had to get a shock collar which worked beautifully . No more police at my door or angry neighbors .
 I bought the spray bark collar to help control my German Sheppard 's loud annoying the neighbors bark . It started off great she 'd bark it would spray & she 'd stop . Then in a few days of wearing it she started to like the spray . Now it 's just another addtion to the junk drawer ...
 My Labradoodle continued to bark with the spray going off constantly . Her entire head was encompased in a cloud of citronella and she went right on barking . Wish my friend would have just let me borrow hers as I had to buy one just to find out it does n't work on my dog . She 's 30lbs and the fluffy fur did n't matter as we saw the spray was everywhere in her face . She did n't care ! I went through a can in less than a week ... also replaced the 6v battery -- which I do not recommend buying for $ 9 at Petsmart as Walmart , Amazon , and RadioShack are all much cheaper ! So I 'm out near $ 50 between refill , collar , and battery . : -LRB-
 This collar worked great when we first got it . Our dog would stop barking at the first spray . However , after about a week , she learned to just bark quickly to empty out the canister . The directions said not to let the canister empty out , but how do you keep it full if your dog runs outside , and barks her head off ? You ca n't . It 's not worth the money if you have to be outside trailing after your dog to refill the collar all day .
 My dog is a barker , barks at everything and apparently when we are not home he barks non-stop ! It was so bad that my neighbors put a note under my door telling us how bad it was . I was extremely embarrassed ! I wanted the shocking collar , my wife demanded we use this because its more humane . Whenever he barks it reeks of citronella in the house , and I really hate the smell of citronella -LRB- Now more than ever -RRB- . It sprays right under his neck onto his fur , so we constantly have to wash him and wipe him down.While home and the device is turned on , if someone rings the bell he will begin his barking , after the 3rd bark he will start squealing as loud as he can so that the device does n't spray . As soon as we take the device off , he starts barking non-stop . Let me bring this to a conclusion . if you have a mild barker , this might work . If you have an extreme barker , try something else . When we go outside and he sees another dog , with the device full , he will empty it out immediately . He will bark , then sneeze and blow out air because he does n't like the smell and will just keep doing it , the smell of citronella is n't enough for him .
 The spray box kept on flipping over thereby defeating the whole purpose of having the collar in the first place . It would just spray downward and my dog would just keep barking . Really awful design . I followed the directions and it still would flip over and just annoy me . Buy another brand or another type of collar . This design is completely useless !
 Before purchasing this product , i had a 5yr old healthy Schnauzer , that barked incessantly -LRB- hence the purchase -RRB- . She never had any problems besides her barking , which is more annoying than anything else - either way , i bought this collar , followed all of the directions , and only put it on her during the times when she was prone to bark the most . At first it worked , she would get sprayed in the face , and then stop barking . Just putting the collar on her seemed to work , but she figured out it wasnt turned on , so i turned it on again , after a week , she was sneezing a lot from it . I didnt think anything of it until she started vomiting , and became very lethargic - wouldnt eat/drink for 2 days , so i took her to the vet . The vet will not confirm this , but I think that the citronella made her pancreas inflamed -LRB- pancreatitus -RRB- it almost killed her - the vet just says that maybe she got into something ... the only change was the citronella being sprayed in her face . 2 days in the animal hospital , and $ 1,200 in vet bills later , my dog still barks ! erg !
 This item weighs almost as much as my dog . No way it will work for her and there is no return !!!!!!! I am out almost $ 40.00 .
 We have a Yorkie and thought we 'd give this collar a shot as she has a tendency to bark when we leave our home . We wanted to try a non-shock method and figured why not give the Innotek collar a shot . We put the collar on and pretended to leave , sure enough she began to bark . It sprayed once , she stopped for about 2 seconds , and went right back to barking while the collar emptied its cartridge to no avail.Save your money , do n't buy this thing .
 Very disappointed . I can not get this to work no matter how much my dog cries and barks !! She has long hair , I cut it on her neck just so it would n't interfere but still nothing !! I barked into it myself to see if the unit was working , and it did work on me !!! However , it 's the DOG I want it for !! I 'm feeling $ 40.00 poorer with nothing to show for it . I had high hopes !!
 My puppy is 6 months old and a smart dog , but on occasion she starts barking uncontrollably and drives me nuts ! I had been told about these collars and wanted to give it a whirl . I read all of the reviews and they were strong reviews with the exception of the poor quality of the collar . The collar is very thin . I followed the directions to attach the unit to the collar and then the collar onto my dog . I left the room that she was in for about 10 minutes and when I came back , the collar that I had firmly and confidently put around her neck had somehow come loose and she chewed through it in 2 places . Cheap cheap cheap . I would even be okay replacing the collar with something stronger -LRB- on my own dime -RRB- , but I think my dog was exceptionally uncomfortable . AMAZON WILL NOT ACCEPT RETURNS OF THIS ITEM BECAUSE THE SPRAY is a combustible material so this is 100 % loss for me . this was not clear when I placed my order and I order from Amazon several times a week . I called Innotek to see what they could do and they said they would send me another collar as a courtesy but made it clear that is was an exception to their rule since damage due to chewing is not covered . I explained that it happened because the collar slid through the clasp mechanism that is supposed to hold it tight and the customer service rep responded with arrogance as if it was my fault rather than a poorly made collar . I do n't care for companies that are not willing to stand behind the quality of their overpriced product . I can not comment on the effectiveness of the citronella spray unit because I never got to try it out . And the company is sending me a replacement collar , but I presume I will have the same issue . Perhaps I am among the minority that has had issues with this collar , but in today 's day and age , customer satisfaction is of paramount importance and arrogance only gets a company a bad rap . I am glad for all of those for whom this solution has worked and wish others good success as well . I just dont care for -LRB- 1 -RRB- not being able to return a faulty product -LRB- 2 -RRB- the arrogance of the manufacturer . Thumbs down to Innotek -LRB- the company -RRB- .
 The spray may work - but there is no way to tell for sure . the device requires expensive batteries , $ 8 each , that die after about one day .
 I bought this anti-bark product because I have a rescued 6.5 pound Pomeranian who is scared of my husband and barks at him . She was previously abused by a guy and has some fear issues.This was very big and heavy for her . Even after cutting the collar part to fit her neck , the bark box protrudes way out . It did not stop her barking and actually made her fear worse . She was scared to go in or out of her dog door with it on . It hit her door the first time she went out , and scared her . I had to let her in and out , defeating the purpose of having a dog door.It did spray out nicely when she barked and the Citronella made her smell nice , but the collar is now sitting in a closet.I would not recommend ths for a small or fearful dog .
 Multivet Gentle Spray Citronella Anti-Bark CollarThis collar worked fine , in fact better than the shock collar . One does have to refill it often and test it every day . Mine died after about four months , though.At that point I switched to dousing my little dog -LRB- who lives inside but goes out to potty and play with my other two dogs -RRB- in the face with a full glass of water when he barked -LRB- it was summer ; I would n't do this in cold weather -RRB- . I said `` quiet '' as I did it . After the first time he was quiet for a few days then tried barking again . In a week I had to douse him about 4 times . Since then he goes weeks without barking and an occasional reminder keeps him in line . He 's way to agile to be hit by the water now , but the fact that I toss it in his direction convinces him to be quiet again . Every dog is different , but you might try that .
 This sprayed every time Thunder sneezed , rolled on his back , shook his head ; most any body movement . The first use with the bark was great but because he could n't connect the spray to just the bark , it was useless and the barking continued .
 This bark collar is hopeless and it can not be returned , even w/o the citronella spray capsule . I feel like I 've been had by the seller and by Amazon . I would give it -0 - stars except I do n't have that choice.K
 Citronella collars worked for me . I had previously owned the pet safe citronella spray collar and that worked like a gem . As soon as the first bark set off the spray , he would stop mid-bark . Then it worked even without ever spraying him because every time I put the collar on him , he would not bark ... and usually I turned it off ... Unfortunately , my little one did not take it off for him to play . -LRB- He should be allowed to bark when he 's home and playing ... and he jumped into the pool with that collar on . So that was the end of the Pet Safe collar . Wet , it no longer worked . But hey that 's fine ... I got a year of `` good doggie '' out of it.I do n't know why , but when I replaced it , I ordered the different brand Innotek instead of Pet Safe . I am loathe to report that this collar was completely opposite . It would spray the dog at times when he never made a peep -- like when his collar jiggled slightly as he moved , or sometimes it seemed there was no noise that could have made it go off . . just went off randomly . Sprayed `` good doggie '' for no reason . That 's not fair ! I think if you dropped a pin near it , the spray would go off -- or if you did not drop a pin it could also go off . It seems to have a faulty or overly sensitive sensor . And then I could return it !! because it was considered `` flammable . '' They would not even take bake the sensor device completely EMPTY of Citronella . I did n't want to return the Citronella anyway , and since the thing had gone off at every little thing , it completely emptied itself . But to say I can not return something that is non-flammable -LRB- the sensor device/collar only -- not the can of citronella spray -RRB- , just because it was sold to me along with a can of citronella spray refill which I do n't even want to send back . -LRB- I will need it for the next one that works -RRB- . That 's not fair Amazon !
 The collar went off at will . I put the collar on him and took a nap . when I woke up he was cowering in the corner . The collar was going off at will . It has ruined him . He was traumatized . Do not buy !!!!!
 I took it out of the package and put it on my dog and it did n't spray . I changed the battery and checked to make sure I had filled it properly and everything was fine , it just did n't work .
 The device only goes off when the dog shakes , but not when he barks . A version with a remote that I could push when I hear him might teach him , but this version is useless .
 It 's too bad Amazon will not let you return this product after you have purchased it . It worked wonderfully until it broke two weeks later . Now my dog barks AGAIN ! Thanks for nothing !!
 At first this collar worked perfectly but within the first week , it stopped working at all . I am trying to find a 6V battery in case that is the problem . The collar was costly and I would think it would work more than a few days . It was not what it was advertised to be . They could have given me a battery that worked . And a collar that worked would have been a plus . sheeeeeeesh ...
 I had high hopes for this , for our barker-howler . It surprised her , but she really could care less if the stuff sprays in her face . Empties quickly too . Very disappointed , but I wanted to try this more humane idea before we use our tried and trusty `` zap '' de-barking collar . Now that works !
 This was a `` gift '' for my mother 's barky spaniel . The collar simply did not work , and because it is considered a `` hazardous '' material , Amazon put the kybosh on my desire to return it . Not worth the money .
 I have a Shitzu and this collare does not work on him . It does not come with very good instructions .
 I have a Great Pyrenees ... she LOVES to bark at anything and everything , ALL the time ... we have been successful controlling her barking with a shock collar but I 'd prefer a painless alternative . I had high hopes after reading the many positive reviews of this product ; I should have given more weight to the one and two star reviews . This has been my experience with this collar : The citronella spray deterred barking for ONE day . Then she figured out that if she just kept barking , the canister would empty out -LRB- the manual says this happens after 18-24 barks -RRB- . My yard smelled great , but that was the only benefit!The nylon collar is flimsy and cheaply made ... it would get looser and looser throughout the day until it was hanging off my dog 's neck.But by far the worst news of all ... the collar is not returnable to amazon !! I would n't have purchased it had I known this.My recommendation ... save your money for a shock collar .
 Purchased this product to put on our lab who loves to bark at anything and everything ! Within two - three sprays , he realized what was happening and stopped barking . It , of course , does not stop them from whining because that does n't trigger a spray . Unfortunatley , the product is so cheaply made that -LRB- as mentioned in other reviews -RRB- the collar adjustment does not stay so the collar either falls off or becomes loose enough for the dog to chew . Our dog chewed right through the collar by the third day -LRB- he hated being sprayed -RRB- and then when we went to put it on another collar , the plastic on the side of the sprayer broke and now it is useless . I will not purchase another product from this company due to their lack of quality workmanship .
 I thought this looked like a great product and read all the glowing reviews , even went to the manufacturers website to look at others . When I received the product I had to cut open the plastic package to find the directions for use and found that my dog could not wear another collar while wearing the no-bark collar AND that he could not be on a leash while wearing this collar . Deciding that it is not practical for us I attempted to return - To my great surprise it is not returnable !! Nowhere did I find information that this is considered a `` hazardous '' product ! So even though I never removed the collar or the spray from the plastic I am sitting with $ 40 of a product I ca n't use . : - -LRB-
 My little beagle/bassett mix destroyed this toy in less then 15 minutesit was great fun to play with for a lil bit but as soon as we stopped the play she chewed it to bits with no trouble at all . ill stick with the black extreem kong line from now on . its the only one she has n't killed yet its 5 years old and still only just showing wear .
 This item was received poorly packaged and a bit dusty ... a turn off for me for sure . Unfortunately I had ordered two based on previous reviews . They apparently had been on the store shelf for a while ... not a good sign , and I had to wash them off in hot soapy water . They are not as bright and red as shown and are extremely hard and not bouncy . I am disappointed in this item .
 Bought these to put in some of our cat 's toys and they were n't effective at all . They were great by themselves -LRB- our cat 's grabbed them before I could get them out of the package -RRB- but inside a toy somehow diffused the odor because they ignored the toys . I ended up opening the little sacks and pouring the catnip out into a container to give them loosely because I did n't want them chewing the sacking . I wo n't buy these again - not worth it .
 This catnip did not have a real impact on the cats . Maybe it was old and degraded but no matter what the reason it barely had an impact on them , even after smelling it closely .
 i have a 2 door jeep and hardly any space to store this huge ramp . very heavy and bulky . but thanks to amazon 's free shipping and return i lucked out . looking for a light and v simple ramp which would n't take much space and my golden can climb in the jeep .
 I purchased this ramp to help with my 170 lb lab great dane mix . After multiple tries to get him to go up the ramp I tried . The ramp bowed so much it almost bounced me off of it and I am 130 lbs . There was no way that he could go up it . We go him to go the fist panel and his nails already took the no skid coating . I was hoping that this would make my life easier and it truly did not . Now it sits in our spare room taking up space . My husband made a ramp for us to use to bring my big guy back and for to vets and to family visits .
 We ordered this as our dog is aging , as are we . We were lifting a 50 # dog in and our of our Forester . A friend has a ramp for her pets and suggested we get one . There was no weight given for the ramp in its description . When it arrived it was so heavy that we could hardly lift it inside the front door . Since we need to carry it with us and use it at both ends of a trip , there is no way we can get the ramp in or out of the vehicle . It remains unopened sitting in our house while we decide what to do with it as it is not useful to us . We would not have ordered it if we had known how heavy it is .
 Ca n't believe I spent so much money on something so bad . The ramp itself is n't horrible , but the `` skid-resistant surface '' does NOT offer `` safe , sure footing . '' It 's basically like sandpaper and scrapes my dog 's feet , and he has to scramble on it - no traction whatsoever . Whenever I touch it , it also scrapes my fingertips , leaving them dry and irritated for a few days . I would return this , but my dog 's nails have already marked up this awful surface . I ca n't understand why they would n't 've made it rubber traction . I guess I could glue some carpet pieces to it , but then I am spending more money on something that was already way overpriced . What a waste !
 I purchased this item for my nine month old Great Dane who was 130 pounds at the time . He was nervous jumping into the back of my SUV so I purchased this ramp to ease him in . This ramp says it is for dogs up to 200 pounds . I have used the ramp for several trips and today the ramp actually buckled when my dog was walking up it . He is 130 pounds now and there is no way this ramp could hold 200 . Now he is really scared to get into the back of my car . This could have caused him serious injury if I had not been paying attention . The area that buckled is not at the hinge where you would expect . One of the panels that make up the ramp actually buckled .
 This was too high priced for a large dog ramp , where the dog slips & 2 people need to help . One to hold the ramp so it doesnt slip , the other to guide the dog down , so it does n't slip . It need maybe to be carpeted , and better gripping top & bottom . It bounces from the weight of the animal , and folding is n't fun either . I wished I could have seen it in a store first . I would have had second thoughts .
 Bought this for my 186lb Mastiff , I 've had it less than 2 months and it 's already starting to buckle and break at one of the folds . It would probably be ok for a dog no more than 100lbs . It 's also fairly large and heavy - even when folded up , making it kind of a pain to fit the dog and the ramp in the car at the same time .
 This ramp would be fine for a really strong person , but a really strong person could just lift the dog up ! I needed a ramp to help my 50 lb dog get into the car , so im lifting this 30 lb ramp - way to heavy . Also , the way it folds makes it difficult to maneuver . Yesterday , I dropped the darn thing on my foot trying to unfold it .
 I found this Dog Ramp to be too slipery for my 110 # Weimaraner . It had to be substantially modified with non-skid and `` Charlie '' had to be re-trained .
 The ramp is made of hard plastic , I live in Las Vegas Nevada . My dog is 130lbs Presa Canario who had to have TPLO surgery so we decided to get the ramp to make it easier for him to get in and out of our Jeep . The ramp looks very sturdy , here 's the problem I set the ramp up went inside my house for no more than 5 min to get my dog and his bag of thing 's he needed for his trip to the Surgery Center , I tested the ramp with my other dog who weigh 's about 100 pounds and it was fine . I brought my dog to the bottom of ramp and as I was guiding him from the side the PLASTIC clip that attaches the ramp to the Jeep broke and caused the ramp to collapse , my dog did not get hurt but is was could have been worse . I replaced the clip with a rock climbing clip made of metal , not a big deal ... My dog had his surgery and when we went to pick him up we set the ramp up went to go meet with discharge nurse for the dog for about 15 min . We brought the dog out to the car and as we were half way up the ramp the entire ramp inverted from the weight of my dog , he 's only 130lbs . I called the manufacture was TOLD `` WELL YOU LIVE IN THE DESERT AND BY LEAVING THE RAMP SET UP FOR 15MIN THE HEAT MUST HAVE WEAKED THE RAMP AND CAUSED IT TO INVERT '' I ASKED ABOUT THE CLIP AND THEY BLAMED THAT ON THE HEAT ALSO . It was only 95 degrees that day and 97 the second day , I check the weather after they told me that . Thankfully my dog was not injured during either of these incidents but it could have been very bad . I would say the ramp is USAFE FOR ANY DOG OVER 100 POUNDS .
 The ramp was advertised to carry up to 200 lbs and the box showed it with a 250 lb max.The ramp would bend and shake with my 180 lb dog on it and did not seem too stable.Also with just a few uses , his nails had scratched through the non-skid surface and was already looking very poor.I would not buy this ramp again for a large dog .
 I was really disappointed . At first you think it 's great . It folds up , is easy to carry and it sets up really fast . The disappointing part is that it states that it 's for dogs up to 200lbs and my dogs weighs about 120lbs . On the 3rd use it broke . The end part that rests on the vehicle snapped and my poor 10 year old dog fell with the ramp as it collapsed under him . Fortunately it was n't too far to the ground and he was just stiff for a few days.I guess it would be fine if you have a REALLY light weight dog , but I would n't trust it with any dog that weighs much more than 50 lbs.LisaCastle Rock , CO
 I purchased this ramp for my 145lb 10 year old dog because it is rated for 200lbs . It ended up costing me over 800.00 in vet bills because the plastic clamp broke and she fell to the concrete . Thank goodness we were at the vets office when it broke because they had to help me carry in . DO NOT BUY THIS RAMP if your pet is over 20 pounds !!!!! ITS TOO DANGEROUS !
 its ok but very scary for pets I ca n't get my dog to go up it he is afraid of falling off it . . poor thing . . needs to be a little wider . and the floor hurts there paws
 The plastic fastener to the SUV rear gate latch snapped off when my 110 pound dog started to walk down . She sprained her knee.So I replaced the cheaply made nylon strap with the broken fastener with a stronger , thicker nylon strap and a metal fastener.I suggest the manufacture do the same .
 I 'm returning to amazon because the non-slip finish is already wearing off after minimal use . However , I would rate this product poorly even if that did n't happen . It 's too heavy for a dog ramp , it 's clunky and difficult to close . No way is it compact , either .
 I ordered two ramps for my two 100 pound and 150 pound Newfs to try -- the telescoping ramp and the tri fold ramp -- both 70 inches long.Comparing the two
 Today I used this product for only the third time to get my lame , thirteen year old dog who weighs 65 pounds into my SUV . The safety hook separated from the plastic part that connects to the strap attached to the ramp and the ramp fell to the cement garage floor with Jess on it . She got scraped up on the abrasive surface and is very sore and freaked out . The ramp is rated for 200 lbs . Jess is a third of that and the ramp fell apart on its third use . I have an email into Pet Gear . Do not buy this product . It is too dangerous .
 this tri fold ramp is huge when it 's folded up , about 10 inches thick . it 's also extremely heavy . i hated it . i sent it back to amazon . the return was very easy , i did n't even have to pay return shipping .
 Its too heavy and awkward to move . Easier just to lift the dog - I do n't use it - money was wasted .
 THIS TOY LOOKS BIGGER THAN WHAT IT REALLY IS ONCE RECEIVED ... ALSO ONCE I TOOK IT OUT OF THE PACKAGE AS `` STATED '' ITS SUPPOSE TO `` SQUEAK '' !!! ONE FOOT DOES AND THATS IT !!!! MY PUPPY WAS DONE WITH THIS TOY IN ABOUT 1HR IF THAT !!!! BUT I GUESS AS THE SAYING GOES '' U GET WHAT U PAY FOR '' LOL I ORDERED PLENTY MORE OTHER TOYS FOR HIM IN THE PROCESS SO IT DIDNT REALLY MAKE A DIFFERENCE JUST THOUGHT ID LET OTHER BUYERS KNOW
 I ordered this cage because it said rat cage , I even looked at the dementions to see that it would be big enough for one rat . I got the cage in the mail and it was cracked and a third of the size of its advertisement , not evenclose enough for the size of a rat . I have sence sent them two emails because the return policy said that I needed to do so to get some routing number for the returned package . Both e-maild were sent back with the explanation that the e-mail they gave me no longer existed . DO NOT GET THIS CAGE
 I just wanted to comment on some of the reviews and animals that are living in this cage -LRB- which I do n't own -RRB- ... degu 's and rats in this cage ? Degu 's full grown are the size of softballs , and one person has 5 in this cage ? I have 3 rats currently housed in a 4 level 32w x 18d x 36h cage , I would n't even use one this size for travel for a single rat . Just stating that this cage at 14 x 11 x 12 is not in any way appropriate for rats/degus or any animals of like size . Dwarf hamsters or mice are the only animals this cage will really house without stress on the animal .
 Gave this a few stars as it was the first collar I 've tried on my cats that they tolerated . It 's thin enough that they do n't really notice it - though I had to remove the keyring as that did bother them . Also gave it a few stars because the breakaway feature does indeed work . It is also easy to adjust and I like the colors.The easy adjustment is what ended up causing the problem and the reason for only a few stars . Collar had come off one of my cats , I found it and put it back on making sure it was not too loose but also not too tight . That evening the cat was lying next to me on the couch cleaning himself and I see him struggling out of the corner of my eye . Discovered that the collar had worked it 's way looser , in a matter of 1/2 a day , and his lower jaw had become hooked in the collar . As I started to try to help him he caught the collar with his claws and it brokeaway and came off.I then removed the collars from the other 2 cats I had wearing them.If they could somehow keep them easily adjustable but not so easy that they adjust themselves then this would be a great product . As it is though I will not be putting them back on my cats .
 I bought the Big Brute chewman toy for my dog because she seems to chew through everything pretty quickly . But I had bought her one of these toys of a different brand and she still had n't put even a tiny hole in it , so I thought I 'd get her another one . Sadly , Big Brute did not last past the hour . She had already torn through its little arm and had torn another hole shortly after . I had stuffing all down my hallway . Would n't buy this one again .
 I ordered the Big Brute item pictured and got a different item , which my dog does n't like as much . I did n't return the chewbone because the shipping cost was almost as much as the product cost . But I wo n't order from that source again .
 Gave this a few stars as it was the first collar I 've tried on my cats that they tolerated . It 's thin enough that they do n't really notice it - though I had to remove the keyring as that did bother them . Also gave it a few stars because the breakaway feature does indeed work . It is also easy to adjust and I like the colors.The easy adjustment is what ended up causing the problem and the reason for only a few stars . Collar had come off one of my cats , I found it and put it back on making sure it was not too loose but also not too tight . That evening the cat was lying next to me on the couch cleaning himself and I see him struggling out of the corner of my eye . Discovered that the collar had worked it 's way looser , in a matter of 1/2 a day , and his lower jaw had become hooked in the collar . As I started to try to help him he caught the collar with his claws and it brokeaway and came off.I then removed the collars from the other 2 cats I had wearing them.If they could somehow keep them easily adjustable but not so easy that they adjust themselves then this would be a great product . As it is though I will not be putting them back on my cats .
 These collars do not break away . This means that the cat can easily get caught and choke , not a good thing . I did not realize this when I purchased some of them . Calling them `` safety '' callars is not a wise thing . I ca n't use them . At least they were n't expensive ...
 I purchased 3 collars . One was lost immediately -- not shocking as that is how things go with kitty collars.However , the other two developed a horrible issue . My cats are indoor only and have never had any issue with their collars before . However , the plastic on these collars melted , burned their skin and fused with chunks of hair so that my two medium hair kitties had chunks of fur missing.It was traumatic and upsetting -- you should investigate your product and why the plastic would melt on a normal indoor cat.We have since switched back to Red Dingo brand collars -- which are great . Never had any issue with their plastic melting !
 I was very disappointed with this purchase , the collar is built with rough metal crimps that look ugly and cheap that I would n't want around my cat 's neck . I would not recommend this item .
 I bought six of these collars for my five cats . -LRB- I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one . -RRB- I thought the colors were great , and I was happy with the idea of the material , as opposed to cheap vynil . They do look fashionable , I think , and are discreet enough to not take away from the beauty of the cat itself . However , these collars are NOT `` breakaway '' collars . They enlarge if they get caught on something , but this actually only adds its own problems . Several times my cats came home with one leg through the collar -LRB- and the collar extended as far as possible -RRB- . I hated to think what would have happened if the cat had gotten the collar caught on something AFTER getting the leg stuck . One cat finally did come home without his , and I did n't replace it . Another came home with the collar around her chest -LRB- both front legs had gone through -RRB- , and it was constricting her . I pulled to try to get it off , but it was obviously very painful , and in the end the only solution was for me to cut it off . I decided these collars are not very safe after all -- too bad I bought six at once -LRB- the reviews at the time were pretty good , generally -RRB- . I 've taken them all off , and now my daughters can play with them on their stuffed animals . They look do look cute ! I just do n't trust them on live animals .
 I did n't put this collar on my cat . I 'd bought it because the other collar had rubbedand created a sore under her neck , so I was looking for a very narrow lightweight collar . However , this cord is clamped with two metal fasteners that have rough edges -- plus the glued end of thecord is sharp . So I 'm just throwing it out rather than chance it .
 The idea is good , but the collar too easily slipped off our cat 's neck .
 I love the look of this collar and the idea is great that it pulls loose when/if it gets caught on something so the cat can get away BUT I find that it comes loose on its own !! I bought two and they both have the same problem . I have to re-tighten it twice a day which obviously makes it useless . I 'm tossing them in the garbage and going back to the other kind I had .
 I bought one of these for my small cat . When I looked the collar over I found I was able to pull on one of the two adjustable portions and the collar tightened . While that is good for adjusting size , it also would choke the cat if just this part of the collar was snagged . I tossed it .
 I bought 3 of these collars , one for each cat . I placed a collar on one of my cats and the black plastic clasp broke about 2 weeks later . The cat was sitting on my bed and the collar just dropped off . I put the second collar on her , and 5 minutes later , that one had also dropped of . The third collar broke as I was putting it on her . The clasp seems well designed but the plastic it 's made of is thin and brittle . I did n't handle it roughly or force it . I am dissapointed with the collar since I like how thin the collar is . I would not buy this again .
 The metal pieces on the sides looked like they were going to slice my cat 's throat ! threw it in the garbage !
 I bought six of these collars for my five cats . -LRB- I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one . -RRB- I thought the colors were great , and I was happy with the idea of the material , as opposed to cheap vynil . They do look fashionable , I think , and are discreet enough to not take away from the beauty of the cat itself . However , these collars are NOT `` breakaway '' collars . They enlarge if they get caught on something , but this actually only adds its own problems . Several times my cats came home with one leg through the collar -LRB- and the collar extended as far as possible -RRB- . I hated to think what would have happened if the cat had gotten the collar caught on something AFTER getting the leg stuck . One cat finally did come home without his , and I did n't replace it . Another came home with the collar around her chest -LRB- both front legs had gone through -RRB- , and it was constricting her . I pulled to try to get it off , but it was obviously very painful , and in the end the only solution was for me to cut it off . I decided these collars are not very safe after all -- too bad I bought six at once -LRB- the reviews at the time were pretty good , generally -RRB- . I 've taken them all off , and now my daughters can play with them on their stuffed animals . They look do look cute ! I just do n't trust them on live animals .
 Gave this a few stars as it was the first collar I 've tried on my cats that they tolerated . It 's thin enough that they do n't really notice it - though I had to remove the keyring as that did bother them . Also gave it a few stars because the breakaway feature does indeed work . It is also easy to adjust and I like the colors.The easy adjustment is what ended up causing the problem and the reason for only a few stars . Collar had come off one of my cats , I found it and put it back on making sure it was not too loose but also not too tight . That evening the cat was lying next to me on the couch cleaning himself and I see him struggling out of the corner of my eye . Discovered that the collar had worked it 's way looser , in a matter of 1/2 a day , and his lower jaw had become hooked in the collar . As I started to try to help him he caught the collar with his claws and it brokeaway and came off.I then removed the collars from the other 2 cats I had wearing them.If they could somehow keep them easily adjustable but not so easy that they adjust themselves then this would be a great product . As it is though I will not be putting them back on my cats .
 We 've have lots of trouble finding a good breakaway collar for one of our kitties . She `` lost '' 2 of them , along with the $ 8-10 tags attached to them . I did some more research and ordered this one in Mango Orange because it sounded like it had a clasp mechanism that would be strong enough to avoid coming apart and still function as a breakaway . When the collar first arrived , I was quite pleased -- it definitely required more force to pull apart than the previous two experiments.This morning , however , I was very disappointed to find the collar on the floor -LRB- at least it was indoors this time ! -RRB- . Testing the plastic `` snap '' on the collar revealed that it had lost almost ALL of its strength and it took a trivial amount of force to pull it apart.Considering that this is a $ 9 collar when you factor in shipping and we got about a month 's wear out of it -- AND we would have lost another collar AND tag if it had fallen off out of doors ... well , as I said , disappointing.The search goes on . If anyone knows of a breakaway collar that has the right amount of clasping force AND will last , please post a comment .
 I received a large instead of the small that I ordered . When I contacted the company to complain , they said they 'd ship me a small by October 31 -LRB- Halloween , the day you need the costume you purchased -RRB- . The small costume did arrive , but not in time for Halloween . I guess I 'll save it for next year .
 I really liked the concept of this collar . The soft and rounded fabric looked like it would be very comfortable on a cat . I ordered 3 collars but was very disappointed with them . The snap apart feature was so hard to come apart that the collar itself broke away from the snap rendering the whole thing useless . This happened on two of the three collars . The 3rd one was also hard to snap apart but at least the collar stayed connected . The metal tubes that are used to adjust the size of the collar are bulky and do n't look comfortable for a cat . The collar slides very easily through them but so easily that it appears the collar would not hold its size once it was placed on the cat . Also , these metal tabs are open on the ends making it possible for your cat to catch a claw inside one of the open ends if it scratches its neck . I returned all 3 collars and would never buy this product again .
 I purchased 3 collars . One was lost immediately -- not shocking as that is how things go with kitty collars.However , the other two developed a horrible issue . My cats are indoor only and have never had any issue with their collars before . However , the plastic on these collars melted , burned their skin and fused with chunks of hair so that my two medium hair kitties had chunks of fur missing.It was traumatic and upsetting -- you should investigate your product and why the plastic would melt on a normal indoor cat.We have since switched back to Red Dingo brand collars -- which are great . Never had any issue with their plastic melting !
 Collar was so poorly made I threw it out . The metal used to adjust the sizing was bulky and seemed unsafe.Shame on me for not enlarging the photo and taking a really good look .
 Sorry guys , but I think this is a cheaply-made item . My cat flipped this collar off her neck in about 2 seconds . What you ca n't see is that the two silver `` adjustors '' are some kind of metal cylinder clamped on the edges to hold the position of the nylon cord . I found the crimped edges to be sharp ! Held just so , it could give you a nasty slice on your finger . My cat kept scratching at it , and even caught her claw in the doubled up section . I had to rescue her . The other cat just scraped it over his head.Two-thumbs down ! It is not worth the postage for me to return it as unsatisfactory ! Beware . I do NOT recommend this for small cats or kittens !
 I bought two of these collars but I am afraid to use them as the aluminum ferrules are so tight that it takes a lot of force to slide them . The weight of the cats is not enough to make the collar open . They would hang and strangle if the collar got caught .
 Did not stretch or easily adjust . I CUT UP and threw away three that I had bought . My cat wore under close supervision and almost hung himself . I worry that other cats are wearing something like this especially home alone .
 In contrast to other reviews my bird -LRB- Caique parrot -RRB- will not eat this . He will however , eat &#34; Harrisons Power Treats &#34; instead . Perhaps he does n't like the pepper flavor?I would recommend trying Power Treats instead .
 I bought six of these collars for my five cats . -LRB- I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one . -RRB- I thought the colors were great , and I was happy with the idea of the material , as opposed to cheap vynil . They do look fashionable , I think , and are discreet enough to not take away from the beauty of the cat itself . However , these collars are NOT `` breakaway '' collars . They enlarge if they get caught on something , but this actually only adds its own problems . Several times my cats came home with one leg through the collar -LRB- and the collar extended as far as possible -RRB- . I hated to think what would have happened if the cat had gotten the collar caught on something AFTER getting the leg stuck . One cat finally did come home without his , and I did n't replace it . Another came home with the collar around her chest -LRB- both front legs had gone through -RRB- , and it was constricting her . I pulled to try to get it off , but it was obviously very painful , and in the end the only solution was for me to cut it off . I decided these collars are not very safe after all -- too bad I bought six at once -LRB- the reviews at the time were pretty good , generally -RRB- . I 've taken them all off , and now my daughters can play with them on their stuffed animals . They look do look cute ! I just do n't trust them on live animals .
 I love how slim these collars are , but I put the collar on my cat after the clasp on the one she was wearing broke . She was sleeping on my bed when I put it on her . 10 minutes later , I noticed that the collar had come off , and lo and behold - it was because the plastic had broken . She was n't even doing any crazy cat acrobatics.I ordered the kind that has no plastic clasp directly from the manufacturer and would give that 5 stars .
 To begin with this cage is falsely misrepresented as being 24x22x63 when it is actually 22x22x63 . If you are not mechanicaly inclined the instructions will mean nothing to you as they are jibberish . If you complain to the company they tell you to send it back at your expense and they will refund your money , or they offer you a 25 % discount to not write a bad review on them . Needless to say I declined their 25 % !!!!! I have had my African Grey in an Avian cage for twenty plus years and thought it would be nice to treat him to a new cage , BIG MISTAKE !!! I have since had the Avian cage sandblasted and powercoated and gave this piece of junk away .
 The cage that I Ordered was not sent instead I received another cage with NO !! Instructions on assembly It took over 4 hours to assemble , The people that gave this a 5-4 star rating must have either worked for or paid by the company I would never recommend this cage or this company to anyone , I feel cheated , robed and lied to , I will be sending a letter to BBB and State Attorney for misrepresentation on the Ad . The picture of the cage shows the 2 food bowls on same side the one , Size Shows 24x22x63 I received had on either side of the cage the size received was 22x22x63 , The T handle that goes on the bottom grate screw was not long enough to go through the grate to the handle The Federal law states that itams sold must be same as picture or that is called misrepresentation .
 Yes it has a nice green finish . Yes it has no spaces to catch anything in or to collect water.No directions would have been better than the lousy picture.One shelf was out of square by 1/4 '' . Could not figure out how to hang door , ended up modifying since no holes were drilled to mount screws for hinge.I have rebuilt 2 old cars and spent untold hours designing equipment from scratch . This cage is cheap in price and quality . Any great review is due to a discount or fake review .
 Beware ! This collar does not break away , and is not safe . This morning my kitty became entangled in part of my son 's toy tent . The collar did not loosen or breakaway , and the cat was unable to breathe until my husband cut the collar and freed her . Very scary . Had we not been home she would not have made it . I recommend you find a true breakaway collar to purchase - not this one .
 I ordered 2 of these collars recently . one is almost 2 '' smaller than the other although they are `` one size '' fits all . THEY DO NOT BREAK AWAY when snagged . I like the thinness , but it could kill your cat !
 This product is dangerous for your animal ! It is not a safety collar ! Luckily I was home when my cat got caught and I was able to cut it off .
 I am still looking for a collar for my outdoor cat that wo n't come off and get lost . It 's been only a month , and both cats showed up without their collars . These collars are pretty , but it wo n't stay on for long . Do n't buy it and put on your city pet license tag , because you will most certainly lose it .
 I purchased this collar for my cats thinking that it would be thinner than the 3/8 '' collars . My Cat 's necks were rather small and by the time I adjusted the collar and the cords overlapped it was the same width as the other collars . I did not like the metal clamps used to adjust the collar and the breakaway part was so difficult to get apart I am not confidant that the collar would come off if my cat were to get caught on something . I have purchased the New Earth Breakaway collars and much prefer them to this product .
 When I purchased this product I thought will look nice on my cat but its not . I ca n't wear my cat bad product . I 've a sphynx cat and her skin very sensitive to an quality product .
 I was thrilled to find a collar that would not take the fur of my kittie 's neck . Unfortunately , I found my cat with her claw caught in the fiber of the collar . It did not breakaway and she could not free herself . I 'm glad I was home at the time . Too bad .
 My 5-month old kitten rid himself of this collar within the first 20 seconds after I put it on him . I thought I might have put it on a little too loose , but after readjusting so that one finger fit snugly between it and his neck and putting it back on him , it took all of 10 minutes for him to just snap it off without any effort.The fastening itself is not weak as it takes about the same strength to open as the Coastal Pets SafeCat fastener which this same kitten was n't able to get off ... Also , for a somewhat slimmer cat , the whole fastening is a little too long to fit neatly around the neck I think.So no , I would n't recommend it to people with sturdy outdoor cats , and certainly not with a Bombay kitten ;-RRB- .
 This collar was great in theory but really sucked . My cat kept chewing on it . After a day it looked all snagged up . And then he got his mouth caught under it and was stuck like that until I noticed . Seems unsafe . Why did n't the safety snap work ?
 I ordered this recently and received it last week -LRB- March , 2010 -RRB- . The product dimensions indicate that it is 4 x 2 x 6.8 . However , measuring from the top of it 's ears to the bottom of it 's feet , `` Kong '' is 4.5 inches tall , the body width is about 1.5 inches wide.It 's quite small and there was NO catnip inside ! Upon opening the little velcro pocket on the back , there is a small pouch to add my own catnip , which I did , but it does n't hold much at all . Very disappointing . My cat appreciates larger toys that she can hold and kick . She did n't care for this toy at all and pays it no attention . I bought this based on the description -LRB- inacurrate that I realize now -RRB- and 1 customer review , which was my mistake !
 I got these for a 72x18 inch tank and they do not fit and they sent it in three pieces , which was not labelled on the product description . I have no bracers on my tank so i had to make my own and even then the individual sections barely made it from bracer to bracer and they were actually like 70x17 all together . Also one the the handles on the section that lifts up was broken and i could n't use it . i do n't recommend unless you are buying from a store where you can see and measure the product
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I am so frustrated . I unboxed the cage and had to tear up the box to get it out , ca n't return it . Finally found the instructions which are just a very simple picture - does n't even show all the parts , tell what tools I need , or anything like that . Very discouraged at this point . Is there anybody out there that has put one of these together that can give me some guidance ? What are the little metal bars with a curve on the end and where do they go ?
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 Flimsy cage , I should have read the reviews before purchasing it . Even UPS would n't deliver it to me . Go with one of the better cages and save yourself the hassle !
 There is no salt tester in here !!!! They have phosphate tester instead !! UGH !! I got this because it said salt !!! Everything else works great !!!
 My cat will not take or eat this pill . To big and smells terrible . Will not buy again . Thank You
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 Best Buddy Bits-Cheese Flavor 5.5 oz . package . This treat contains garlic powder which is toxic to some dogs according to my Vet . My dog as well as a relative 's dog became violently ill after eating these treats . We both ended up with $ 400 Vet bills . I contacted the manufacturer , Exclusively Pet , Inc. months ago but I never heard back from them .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I should have just gone to the hardware store and made my own dog trolley . I purchased this one trying to save a few dollars . I ended up spending even more money replacing the included cheap hardware . The pulley is made of plastic which is fine if your dog is 100 years old and so blind he wo n't notice the squirrels taunting him just out of reach . The spring is a joke . I replaced mine with a new one called a `` porch swing spring '' . Two washers and two cable clamps were missing . A lead was included with mine but now I have two because I ordered one expecting it not to be included as other reviewers stated . Oh well , lesson learned , you get what you pay for . For anyone considering a dog trolley I 'd advise you to pick up everything you need at a hardware store . A good pair of pliers and a drill is about all you need to make and install one of these things yourself . *** Also please save your dog 's neck by use a harness when attaching your pup to one of these . ***
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I should have just gone to the hardware store and made my own dog trolley . I purchased this one trying to save a few dollars . I ended up spending even more money replacing the included cheap hardware . The pulley is made of plastic which is fine if your dog is 100 years old and so blind he wo n't notice the squirrels taunting him just out of reach . The spring is a joke . I replaced mine with a new one called a `` porch swing spring '' . Two washers and two cable clamps were missing . A lead was included with mine but now I have two because I ordered one expecting it not to be included as other reviewers stated . Oh well , lesson learned , you get what you pay for . For anyone considering a dog trolley I 'd advise you to pick up everything you need at a hardware store . A good pair of pliers and a drill is about all you need to make and install one of these things yourself . *** Also please save your dog 's neck by use a harness when attaching your pup to one of these . ***
 The Xtreme cages are very well priced given the size , and the design is pretty good , but the construction is fairly mediocre . The food bowl holders are flimsy and ours arrived all bent up . The bowls themselves are lightweight plastic . The biggest problem , in my opinion , is that the main panels are attached together with just a few easily accessible -LRB- and easily removable -RRB- bolts with nuts , so if your bird is at all mechanically inclined , you might come home and find your bird buried under a pile of disassembled cage pieces . We use ours as vacation cages , but would n't use them as primary cage .
 Really just a poorly made syringe . DO NOT get for cats and it is better suited for small horses . ,
 After reading all of the positive reviews on how easy it was to pill pop your cat , I was thrilled to receive the pill gun and even more excited that I could outsmart my cat while giving her medication . Twenty scratches later and blood spewing all over me and my neighbor , we finally put this to rest and went the old fashion route . Seems this design is somewhat flimsy and difficult to eject the pills to the back of throat then in a split second shut their mouth so the pill does n't come hurling in your face let alone your cat 's fiery rage ; claws included . This is definitely a three to four man job , but I encourage you to give it a try .
 I tend to go for products that are environmentally friendly . I like the fact that these wipes do n't have harmful chemicals and come very moist . However , the wipes are very thin which makes it hard for grooming a cat with so much hair like mines . Also these wipes have an awful smell . My cat did n't like it and neither did I.I rather use organic or regular baby wipes from the store .
 Do n't you just love people that attack you because you care about something and want to share information : Michael A. Kuzmyak and mbowes apparently felt it necessary to make personal attacks on me because of my `` heads up '' reviews of `` Sheba Dome Premium Dinners '' . I have absolutely no connection with the pet food industry and nothing against the Sheba brand per se . I am also not a `` lier '' . I am a retired accountant but primarily an animal lover . After the melamine fiasco I became even more cautious with commercial foods . I only wanted to advise people that it was improperly marketed and should be purchased as a treat not a daily food . YOU WILL ALSO NOTE THAT THIS BRAND HAS SINCE BEEN REFORMULATED TO MEET AAFCO STANDARDS . Maybe because a few of us took the time to complain , the change was made.Shame is once again on the pet food industry and specifically Masterfoods USA , a division of Mars , Inc. . An expensive canned cat food that states in very fine print that it `` is intended for intermittent or supplemental feeding only '' is in fact junk food for cats . It calls itself dinner with sauce , but should be prominently labeled as a TREAT ONLY . This appears to be a deliberate misrepresentation of the product . Example
 Purchased for use on a smaller dog breed . Found the blades to be pretty dull and poor quality . Will be looking at something else to replace .
 As soon as I opened the package I was left with the impression that these had been used before . There are scuff marks and scratches all over the item and it seems they have some pretty heavy wear . At least it still cuts right ?
 These scissors do not cut . They just chew at the fur . Just filled out the form to return them .
 the middle screw fell out after 3 min of use . We have to be careful everytime we use it so it does not fall out . the actual blades came with a weird cloudy coating over the sheers . the curved blade is nice but the overall quality for the price is not good
 I was hopeful that these scissors were okay despite the mixed reviews . Unfortunately they did not cut the hair of my maltese at all . Have to return .
 I am disappointed because the finger hold side of the 6-1/2 in scissors are not as pictured . Why show a picture and ship something else ? Is this bait and switch ? Now I have to make an effort to return the product . I do n't want to encourage this kind of behavior by just accepting what I did n't order . I 'll gladly pay more locally and know what I 'm getting . Miracle Coat Dog Grooming Shear , 6 1/2 - Inch
 the post says nothing about you sending me an item that looks like i just bought at a thrift store . Even the price is comparable to new item price or a little more . But i miracle coat shear i received looks very unsanitary . it looks like its been returned a couple times before it was sold to me . this is very bad business practice . I spend thousands a year on items from amazon and this is the first time i have experienced this practice . received item on August 1 2012 , posted right when i received it .
 Do n't waste your money . . these things look and feel like they have been used , returned and re-sold to me ... sending them back for a new pair ...
 This item should be re-called . The blade is not sharp enough and the cutting action is flimsy . Cuts are not clean . This was torture for my small dogs . The cutter actually bends the claw . I would return this if I had kept the packaging .
 I got this clipper based on the one review on here and I was very disappointed . I knew it was for small dogs but it did n't work for my three small dogs -LRB- they range in weight from 10 pds-30pds , -RRB- maybe it is meant for really small dogs like chihuahuas . When I used it on my dogs it would turn their nails sideways because of the shape of the nail which caused them pain . Even when I tried clipping their nails sideways to compensate it still turned their nails . Also , it was n't a strong/sharp clipper and it really took some force to get through the nail ... the only thing I liked about the clipper was the septic container in the handle , but that 's does n't make it worth buying .
 I ordered these and thought they would be great , but unfortunately prefer the scissor type over the guillotine style . Now these just sit there unused and I just placed an order for the good ole scissor style . I do like that they have the styptic and file all inclusive , but the style just does n't work well for my dogs little feet .
 As other reviewers have stated , these nail clippers are simply too large for even medium sized dogs . I have a 25 lb pup whose nails are impossible to cut with these clippers . They are difficult to maneuver when you are cutting anywhere near paw pads . Plus , they made my dog yelp because rather than relying on a sharp blade to cut the nails , they seem to squeeze the nail pretty hard before cutting it off . The file is too small and did n't hold up to even one round of filing . Plus one star for the convenience of the styptic powder in the handle , otherwise , I ca n't recommend these clippers .
 Two stars because I think the overall idea of this product is great but the execution is sorely lacking.I picked these up for my medium sized dog because they seemed sized for medium dogs and absurdly large for small dogs -LRB- which the reviews here seem to back up -RRB- . The very first cut I made on my dog 's nail -LRB- not even a thick one -RRB- dented the blade ! I was not impressed.Also , while I like the idea of having the file and the styptic powder on the clipper , the file is cheap -LRB- like an emery board you would get for your own nails -RRB- and did not even hold up for a single foot ! It might last through all four feet being done ONCE on a smaller dog.I 'm not happy with this purchase and will be returning them if possible .
 Look I like this item BUT ... I wanted a Rake and Scoop not a little scraper . I can take some of the blame as the item does say say Large Spade Set but shows a rake with the large set ion the picture and in the description.If you want a RAKE then I assume this is the set to buy.http : / / www.amazon.com/Four-Paws-18245-Rake-Large/dp/B0002AT45K/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1294428363&sr;=8-1On a side note the handles are long BUT they are made of wood , my prior scooper / rake set had steel handles which have lasted 5 plus years and are still going strong.I am rating 2 stars because of the misconception that you may be getting a rake when indeed you are getting a very small scraper blade and large scoop
 Buyer beware of deceptive advertising like this one . Thought the set included all items shown ... but only includes a small scoop and a big pan , no rake and no small pan . Will not buy from these people ever again .
 These are made of aluminum , not stainless steel . I will keep them because they 're at least as good as the broken ones I currently have , but I 'm very disappointed that the description is wrong . I chose them specifically because they were stainless and they would be more durable than aluminum .
 My boyfriend and I usually use regular fingernail clippers to trim our cats ' nails , but tonight we decided to try the Bamboo nail clippers for cats . The experience upset us both . . Not only did the clippers RIP off my youngest cat 's nail and SHRED the little bit that was left , but the metal clipper part chipped and folded over from using it on one nail ! I do not recommend this product to anyone who cares about the well-being of his/her cat ! I will certainly be returning this product ASAP .
 This clipper was dull after only a few clippings of our cat 's nails . Since then , it 's constantly jammed while using it . It finally jammed on our cat 's nail and I had to rip the outer layer of the nail off in order to remove the clipper . It immediately went in the garbage.I care too much about my cats to use this product on them.Don ' t waste your money and do n't make your cat suffer by using this product on them .
 Very Disappointed !!! $ 25 down the drain1 This set is rediculously flimsy ! We 'll be lucky to get a few good cleanings out of it ! Rake is tiny , and teh pan is comparible to the cheap disposable tin pans you can buy at walmart to cook your turkey in ! Buyer beware !
 The rake is very small - I ordered the Large set - and the pan is flimsy . I have bought these in pets stores before and they were sturdy and lasted years . I would not order this item again .
 I actually ordered the spade set , but received the rake by accident ... I thought I 'd give it a try and it is TERRIBLE . I live near Chicago , so it 's cold here , but my dog still has to poop . The rake is flimsy and did nothing to get the poop that was more than one day old ... those suckers remained stuck to the ground for dear life . I had to get a shovel and go around loosening them in order to pick them up , making it take twice as long . Cheap CHEAPLY made rake !
 The rake is way smaller than shown in the picture used to sell the product ! I have a large dog in a large back yard and wanted to large rake as showin in the picture . It works well , but the job could be done faster with a larger rake .
 The thing came so poorly assembled that it fell apart the first time it was used . No problem , though , it 's not that hard to just put it back together.The real problem was when the handle snapped within the first week during normal use . This might be because it got bounced around during shipping since it was packed in too large of a box with no padding to speak of . Of course , it could also be because the handle is made out of the cheapest , lightest wood mankind has ever known . More likely , it is a combination of the two.Save yourself the hassle and do n't buy this product . I did give 2 stars because , after we went to the hardware store and bought a new handle , the rake and scoop work just fine . Nothing to write home about , but gets the job done . This was less of a hassle for us than returning it and finding/ordering a different one , but then again we 're at the hardware store quite often so your mileage may vary .
 got this delivered on friday and installed on saturday . installed between two 10 ' posts at 6 ' 6 '' high so we could still mow , etc. . . under it . our 6 month old german shepherd at 62 lbs . spent a total of 7 to 8 hours on it before the screw that attaches the pulley to the pivot hardware fell out -LRB- sunday -RRB- . i fixed that -LRB- sunday as well -RRB- with some extra hardware i had here and added a jam nut so it would still pivot but not fall apart again . it is now the tuesday and the lightweight pulley is starting to stick in places so when the dog runs it will catch and then let go in random areas . bottom line is that while the cable may put up with the abuse of a 250 lb . dog , the hardware is no match for a 62 lb . puppy . you may want to look at some local farm supply stores for a heavier duty solution .
 I puchased this chain to replaced a 30ft cable I previously owned that snapped due to wear , I had this one for about a week and today my neighbor is driving towards my house with my staffordshire terrier -LRB- pit bull -RRB- running behind her car ... luckily she 's owned a pit and was not afraid of my dog . Nevertheless , he was able to escape and it could have turned out far worse !!!
 This was used on a small dog who kept pulling it out of the ground . The ring that is supposed to spin to avoid tangling bent instantly and nearly snapped off . Total waste of money .
 I saw reviews describing how this toy stood up to people 's big , strong chewers . Then I left it alone for a mere 5 hours with my 70 lb , 8 year old pit bull with half of her teeth missing , and came home to find it reduced to a mess of string all over my living room . I 'm glad she must have been very entertained , but for $ 8 she should be getting a lot more out of it .
 Here 's my way . My intent in sharing is nothing less than to make the world a cleaner place , wherein dog poo never makes contact with the ground -LRB- until it enters a landfill -RRB- . I 'm not kidding . In short , never let the sh!t touch the ground - put your hand in the bag and use it like a mitt to catch the turds as they emerge from your pooch 's bottom . Use a bag without holes -LRB- blown up and pressure-tested -RRB- , and have the mitt at the ready . If your dog pops a squat as quickly as mine does , then you 'll be too late if you have to fish the bag out of your pocket first . In my opinion , this technique is less gross than using a bag or scooper to fish poop out of the grass , which often leaves fecal matter behind . Moreover , it inarguably leaves less trace on the ground , zero actually , than the pick-it-up-after-it 's - down method .
 If I could rate this thing on a scale of 0 to 10 turds , I 'd give it a 0 , cause that 's how many I was able to pick up . If your grass is astroturf it might work well , but all it did was yank the grass out of the ground , and drop the mess in the process . It 's not that expensive , and maybe it will work for you , but with St. Augustine grass , I found it difficult to use ...
 So , I liked this scooper a lot at first . However , after a few uses the wire teeth would get caught on the grass making them bend . Then I 'd have to use the fence or something to straighten them . It got to the point where they would n't straighten anymore , making it nearly impossible to scoop . Yesterday , it finally snapped after trying to straighten it so much . I had it about a month . I would love a refund , but who thinks I would want to return a USED pooper scooper ? Gross . Find something made better .
 I do n't like it at all . First it seems to always get caught in the grass and its like I 'm having a tug of war with the grass over the poop , the worst part is when I pull to hard and rip up grass and it flings at me . Secondly one of the wires bent on it nothing worse than having to re bend the wire on the pooper scooper . Will be looking for a new pooper scooper .
 I thought this one would work really well , however , it 's not very good for small dog poop -LRB- falls through -RRB- and you have to balance the poop on it until you reach your final dumping ground , otherwise , it just slides off . I only had mine a couple of months when one of the tines broke off . Once that happens , forget trying to pick up anything . I 'll be looking for a more sturdy , functional one .
 Good concept overall but it is n't quite doing the job for me . Unless you have perfect/short grass then this wo n't work all that great . The metal is n't very thick and if one of the rake ` fingers ' gets caught up on grass it bends . The fingers are a bit spaced out so it is better suited for larger dogs probably . The thing overall is a bit short so requires bending over a bit .
 Great price ! but that about the only positives I can think of . problem is that the wire bends and makes it really difficult to pick up my dog 's deuces . I have a Great Dane , he takes massive dumps , should be as hard as it is . I 'm about to buy another and throw this one out .
 I loved this until one of the wire pieces fell off . Now the dog business that I pick up falls through this opening . I bought it in late January - less than three months ago .
 This pooper scooper is awful . It 's extremely short so you have to bend over to scoop . The tines are too far apart to pick up all the poop , pieces just fall right through . My large dogs are fed raw so even the 90lb dog has really small poop , it 's almost impossible to pick all of it up . And worst is the curve at the end , trying to empty the scooper is an experience in itself . I ended up replacing the original ` pan and spade ' scoop I had , finally a clean yard again -LRB- and in just one trip -RRB- .
 I laughed when another reviewer mentioned chasing the poop around the yard , but sadly it 's true.My dog uses varied backyard surfaces : ** Grass - scooper catches in the grass and the tines bend ** Flat dirt - above mentioned chasing ** Seasonal leaves - the tines stab into the leaves which then block poo pickupBut above all , the worst is having to shove the poop ONTO the scooper . What good is it if I have to shove it with my foot ? Plus , as others have mentioned , the tines bend relatively easily , making the scooper very difficult to use . Even with my foot I have a hard time getting the turd up and over bent tines .
 I do n't know why this thing has so many good reviews its terrible . Its a pain in the butt to get the poop off the ground , and even worse if you are trying to empty poop from the scooper into a bag . Forget about tossing crap over the fence , it will hit you in the face or fall on your head . This is basically a small rake , its crap . Get yourself a claw type with one handle .
 I have a dog kennel in the country and wanted to use this rake to clean poop out of my dog exercise area . I found if the grass was a little on the long side the teeth of the rake got hung up in the grass . Perhaps this rake works well if the lawn is `` golf course '' short but I found the teeth on this rake are too long and make it difficult to use in my situation .
 This one didnt work out for us.I have owned the grab and hold scoopers that work much better and make this unpleasant task quick and easy . We have 2 big dogs , that leave big and small turds.Problems :1 . The wires are soft , get tangled in the grass and stretched out , making it difficult to lever the poop . Now , the last problem is the structure has come apart , -LRB- unglued -RRB- from the vertical handle . Useless now . -LRB- check out the photo I uploaded to illustrate the cheap material and poor construction -RRB- .2 . The system is absurd , let 's the poop slide , so it takes me 3 times longer to grab and hold the turds to take them to the disposal location . Its me chasing turds around the grass , for 30 minutes . -LRB- !?? -RRB- I have used it less than 4 months and here I am looking for another scooper . Not this one , for sure . Cheap ends up being more expensive .
 Our yard is all grass , but it is St. Augustine grass which is thick and the prongs of the rake get very caught up in them . It 's frustrating , bent prongs . Probably suitable for softer grass , not St. Augustine .
 So never in a million years did I ever think that I would ever be reading let alone writting a review for a poop scooper ... . All the reviews made this item sound great . . I was actually excited to get it in the mail . Well once I got it and actually had to use it , It was horrible . . If you think you are ever going to get the little poop your WRONG . . it is just going to fall right through . And then to get the poop off the rack and into the bag you have to bang it just to get it off . . It sticks to the rack . . I guess the only good thing about it is not only will it get some poop but , it will also do your weeding and pull up any weeds along with it . .
 I was attracted to this item because of the white color as it would go better with our home decor . It is the only white one I have seen so I bought it . It was very low quality seemed flimsy and anywhere metal touches metal -LRB- which is quite a bit -RRB- the white paint had come off . To top it off this item is one of the most expensive I have seen north of $ 200 . I returned it and found a cage with a high quality powder-coated hammertone finish -LRB- similar to HyLoft storage -RRB- for about one third of the price-go figure . Too bad they do n't make the cage in a white powder-coated finish -LRB- HyLoft storage does have this color btw -RRB- .
 Unfortunately we ca n't give this toy to our cat . She LOVES it , but she has it chewed apart within an hour . She eats the filler and tries to eat the rope . Just not durable enough for our cat .
 We have two young Tabby cats -LRB- a bit over 2 years old each -RRB- and since they 're strictly indoor cats we really depend on good toys to help us keep them entertained / active.Typically they love catnip mice and they go crazy over them whenever we buy a new batch , batting them around and chasing them when we throw them , etc. . . But with these mini `` sisal '' mice the response was completely different.AT FIRST I was hopeful - pulled two mice out of the package as both our boys circled around me impantiently chattering in anticipation of some new mice to play with , and when I held out the mice by the tail one in each hand , both cats jumped to my legs and started anxiously sniffing at the mice . I threw them and voom the cats went tearing off after them like usual.BUT THEN WITHIN MINUTES , bzzzt ... . Nothing ! Each cat picked up a mouse in their mouth for a second , batted it once or twice , and then then walked away TOTALLY UN-interested . Do n't know for sure why they have no interest in these - whether it 's the type/potency -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of the catnip , or the fact that they 're used to `` felt '' or `` furry '' mice , and have never had sisal material mice.In any case I 'm really disappointed - I wanted tougher / sturdier toy mice for my cats who love to chew agressively on them , but unfortunately these turned out to be a total waste of money . : - -LRB- These might work great for other cats , but I can only base my review on the reaction of our cats . Disappointed and should havve first tried the smaller pack of 6 .
 I was expecting something a bit more sturdy.I should have researched it better.It is NOT FINE toothed as the description states.It does not do the job expected on my cat and was a waste of money .
 The product is the product no matter where you get it ... . it took over a week for this to even ship . I ended up having to do the 30 mile trip to town and buy them long before I received these .
 The tabs was to big for the cats to swallow without getting us hurt . And I do n't know if I would buy this tabs again .
 I am sorry but I find it outrageous to charge $ 20.00 + for 3 pills the size of aspirin for cats with tapeworms . This company knows how difficult it is to administer a pill to an average family pet cat ! Yet charges a ridiculous price for there distasteful pill that cats wo n't eat . They rip off the cat owner . Petco , Centinella Feed and other pet depots/stores charge this horrible amount . These pet companies need to help the consumer in helping their feline family members control their parasitic infections at an affordable cost .
 This product only contains 3 tablets in it and it does not come with dosage instructions . So I had to look them up . Here is what I found ... Each tablet is 23mg soa cat 0-4 lb gets 11.5 mg -LRB- 1/2 tablet -RRB- 5-11 lb gets 23mg -LRB- 1 tablet -RRB- 12 + lb gets 34.5 mg -LRB- 1 1/2 tablets -RRB- *** DO NOT USE ON KITTENS , A PREGNANT , NURSING , ILL , OR IMMUNE-COMPROMISED CAT ! *** So make sure to buy the right amount if you have more than one cat . I only gave this product 1 star because I just gave our cats their doses . I will comment on weather or not it worked later on . Hope this helps you out .
 This item will not hook to my ferrets cage . The bars on my cage are vertical . Maybe I can resell it or use it on a different cage .
 A look at their website takes you to the company 's factory in Europe . They say that the oil is made from cutting from smoked salmon ... from Norwegian fish . There is NO wild atlantic fishery in Norway.How can salmon oil be from Wild Atlantic Salmon from a country that does not have a wild atlantic fishery ?
 I got this product because I thought it would help in having less of the mess.But it all depends on how the hamster sees it .
 Reasons why I hate this hamster potty :1 . This product with the cover on was not large enough for my smaller sized teddy bear hamster . She looks just like one of the hamsters on the package .2 . She started to eat and play in the litter .3 . She did manage to poop in the box , but not pee , but because she kept eating and playing in the litter she started to smell just like poop -- which she NEVER smelled like this before .4 . It 's ugly and way too colourful like most hamster cages and products .5 . Nearly 7 bucks could have bought me a meal instead.Anyway that is why I hate this stupid hamster potty . It does n't seem healthy for my hamster to be eating and playing in the litter . She looks and smells cleaner just doing her business in the paper bedding material that I use . This was a waste of money and even if it worked would continue to be because not only would one need to buy bedding that needs to be changed weekly , but now clay hamster litter . Clay litter for cats is controversial for their health and landfills and all hamster enthusiasts know that hamsters have very sensitive lungs . I would not recommend this product .
 From what I read is that you can train you hammies to use the potty . All I found was that they were either eating it or storing it in their mouth . I could n't tell if they were actually eating it and that worried me . No where on the box did it say non toxic . So , I removed the hamster litter and placed some of their droppings in it and they actually would remove the droppings from it and did n't use it . It did n't work for me .
 The purpose of this product is to provide a place for your gerbil/hamster to collect it 's waste . The top is such light plastic that both gerbils destroyed it like cardboard . I had to throw them away after 1 day . Cute idea , just not appropriate materials for gerbils/hamsters .
 Ok , but not the best . Our hamsters do not use this , they dig in it to spread the pellets everywhere . This was a waste of money .
 my hamster uses this potty for bathing , he likes to roll in it , but the upper part always comes off because two nicks supposed to hold this upper part easily come out of their holes . second problem is , the litter scatters from the open sides of the potty , these sides need to be a little higher .
 I thought this would be a good idea for my hamster but he did n't use it . I put droppings in it and even some bedding with pee but he did n't get the idea . Also it was too small for him . -LRB- He 's a syrian -RRB- .
 In theory , the potty is a great idea . In reality , it needs some tweaks . First of all , the lid makes it too small for a Syrian/Golden hamster -LRB- the larger guys -RRB- . No problem , take off the lid right ? Well , the rounded corners of the base make it so the hamster aims its butt at the end of the base , overlapping it and thus peeing OVER the end onto the floor of the cage . If the potty was square and fit flush with the corner of the cage , it would be perfect . Well , at least I can use the little scooper that is included to get into the cage corner and scoop the pee shavings .
 You see a picture that shows 5 chains and a heading that 's says CHAINS in the title ... one would expect to get PLURAL of chain ... which is CHAINS ... you get one and you do not even get to select the style or size . This is false advertising at its best .
 do not feel as though I received what the picture shows . It advertises chains but you only get one . and it was not the size that I was needing .
 We tried this product out for the first time with our robo hamsters , and at first it seemed to be going well . But then at different points , both of our balls opened up and we were shocked . Luckily , we were shadowing our hamsters the whole time and we grabbed the balls and closed them up before they even realized there was a gaping hole . If they had gotten out , it would 've been next-to-impossible to catch them.We 're probably going to have to use tape to seal it shut from now on , which sucks . Might not use it much anyway , but tape seems to be the best option to make it safe .
 This hamster ball broke before I even used it !!!!!!!!! I am very dissapointed . This was part of my daughters birthday present .
 I wish I could find a better quality product than this one . This is my third ball from Super Pet , and they all seem to suffer from fit issues . The lids are either very hard to get on , or they fall off unexpectedly . The clear plastic seems to be of the absolute poorest quality and bends and scratches easily . After a week or two of my hamster running around on the tile floor , you can no longer see through the plastic . He does n't seem to mind as I think he can see through the small slots in the plastic -LRB- just big enough to let hamster poop fall out -RRB- . I keep ordering this product not because it is a good product , but because it is a cheap product and I have n't found a better quality replacement as of yet . If anybody knows of a better one , please let me know .
 The price was great -LRB- four bucks , delivered -RRB- , so I decided to try it . The ball arrived with one small crack in it . I figured it was too cheap to bother to return . We let our hamster use it . Within two sessions , there were multiple other cracks that were both dangerous to the hamsters feet and legs and potentially could lead to escape . There were no falls or major bumps that the ball took.Very disappointed . It has been thrown away and a replacement bought at Petco .
 SO . . I know they sell it for really cheap . . But does that mean it reasonable to send something defective to customer ? I found a crack on the lid when I open the box , and I just did n't bother to send it back -LRB- what if they said I crack it ? -RRB- ANyways , despite the crack , you need to tape the tip to the ball because it 's very loose . If you do n't want to risk your rodent friend escape , you should secure it with tape . And . . it 's more for bigger rodents like rat . My dward hamster , aka Fatty , is too small for it and he doesnt seem to like it : -LRB- And poops do fall out from the ball . One more thing . . the ball come with some sample treat . . it looks disgusting and has high sugar content . I would n't feed my hamster with that .
 My dwarf hamster is scared and is very stressed out by the exercise ball . I do n't think he understands what is happening and I do n't think the ventilation is good.Also , before I stopped using it , it actually came open while my hamster was in it and I had to chase him around this house.I think the exercise ball is more fun for the owner to watch the hamster run about , but is actually not a great idea for the hamster .
 An evil toy ! It have to be forbidden !! If u realy love ur pet , ull not buy that garbage ! Ur pet could break his hands or other bones if the ball hit the wall or a furniture . By the way , it only seems that the pet have the ball under control ! Many pets got bad eyes and see only 2D . So they cant evaluate distances!so hands off !!!
 Run-About Exercise Balls are more than dangerous and considered animal abuse in many countries . if your hamster gets stuck somewhere while beeing in a ball like this , not beeing able to escape , the chances of it getting a heartattack are more than high . if it needs to pee it has no way to do so without weting itself . etc. . . for more reasons check out google ^ ^ if u love your hamster let him/her walk freely in an enclosed area .
 This was supposed to be a ` new ' product , but when it came in the mail there were numerous scratches on the inside and outside of the ball along with -LRB- what looks like -RRB- dirt smeared on the inside . The ball came with the cardboard-looking thing attached like the picture , which at first , made the product look new . . but you really need to look it over to make sure of this . Also , at the top of the ball where the lid screws on , there is a dent on the edge that prevents the lid from even attaching.I am not so upset about the fact that it is n't new as I am that they claimed it as new , yet nobody took the time to a
 The hamster ball I received looks like it 's already been used with huge scrapes and scratches all over it will not be purchasing another one thru here .
 Got very dirty very fast . Very cheaply made , but I guess you ca n't expect too much on these types of things .
 This ball does not close on it 's own so we need to tape it shut whenever we use it . It rolls fine , and our mice seems to enjoy it . Just not made well .
 I usually have fairly good luck with Jakks dog toys as they tend to last at least a couple of weeks for my dogs , but this particular one only lasted for a couple of minutes unfortunately . What was especially disappointing was that the material they used to make this toy seems to be substandard compared to the others . My dogs like to nibble to make a hole to take the stuffing out , but with this toy they were just able to rip the fabric apart with no effort.I will continue to buy Jakks Pacific toys since their toys seemed to be made the toughest , but I 'm obviously disappointed with this particular one . Hopefully , this was an aberration .
 bought this two years ago and it is still in the packaging . Either my daughters hampster is really small or this thing was made for a weasel . Haha , I should have returned it ... The product might be great but I 'm giving it a 1 star because it is not what I expected to get . May have been my fault for not realizing how big a 7 '' ball is , just saw hampster ball and ordered it .
 We have had several hamster balls in the past and this one just does n't measure up . The 2nd time we used it , it came open and Fribble was missing for two days . I now have to tape it shut everytime we use , which is a pain .
 This might be a great product , but I think petsmart shipped it parcel post , charged for priority shipping as I have n't received it 6 weeks later . I kinda get used to this with APO , but not with Amazon or related companies .
 Because this toy can only go forward and backward , it 's not as useful as the traditional ball . I have to readjust it and guide my hamster everytime he runs into something . It also has the option of using the wheel part separate from the car , but it tips over easily and then the hamster ca n't go anywhere . I overpaid for this in the pet store , and now I 'm buying the standard ball anyways .
 We thought this toy was great at first ! Our hamster loves to chew and attempted to chew while inside the `` car '' . This ended in DISASTER !!! The hamster had lodged its front teeth in the air holes and got stuck in it ! He became very frantic , short of breath , and could not get his teeth out ! If any of you buy this toy , PLEASE MONITOR THEM CAREFULLY ! IF the hamster is showing signs of wanting to get out or chewing at the sides ... remove HIM/HER IMMEDIATELY ! For this reason I would suggest a toy that does not have holes and rather only the air slits/spaces . * in case you were wondering , we did dislodge the hamster 's teeth out by putting the wheel on its side so he could remove himself at a better angle ... very stressful situation as you could imagine because you ca n't take the wheel apart !!! *
 I bought it because I thought it was really cute , and I thought my hamster would love it . Once I got it home , I put my hamster in it and he did n't have any fun with it . It only goes forward and backwards , it breaks really easy , its difficult to clean , it ca n't go over bumps , and it is hard to get your hamster out of it . With the money I spent on this , I could have got a hamster ball , hamster food , and some bedding . Trust me , do not get it !! It is a waste of money !!
 I got this as a gift for my 10year old nephew and his hamster . He was all excited could n't wait to try it out . He -LRB- with helpfrom mom and dad -RRB- had hard time getting it to work right -LRB- bought the track too -RRB- . Sonow just uses the hamster ball on the track . So that was pretty much a waste of money . .
 Overprice plastic junk . Hard to get small pet back out . Cheap item w / expensive price . Should have returned but little girl really wanted her mouse to have a car . Ended up in the trash as it was trash in a few weeks !
 Our hamster did n't like this nearly as much as he does the ball , it does look cool , but for actual use , I would just go with the ball !
 Cheaply made , the center of the car was wider than the width of the wheel and it did n't even touch on both sides in order for it to fit into the half moon shaped holes . I read it said it `` snapped in '' into what ? It did not snap into any holes , growl grumble grr , in fact it looked as if it relied on the the car to squeeze it together in order to hold it up let alone hold any other weight . Do not waste your money . I gave it a two just because it was cute ; -RRB-
 We bought this with the hamster track for our gerbil to run in , but found that it really was a disappointment . It does n't work in the track at all.First of all , the part that the hamster goes in does n't fit into the car properly -- it 's too loose . There are three different grooves in the car for the ball to fit in for different purposes , but the car kept slipping down to where it was n't in any of the grooves . For it to have any chance of working in the track that we bought -LRB- and is advertised with it -RRB- , it has to stay in the lowest groove , and it just does n't at all.Second , the car itself does n't really fit on the track . The spoiler comes off and fits in below the front bumper , which is supposed to help keep the car on the track . Instead , it keeps getting caught in the track , and really does n't work at all . The car itself just does n't fit with the track.The car was a big disappointment for us , as I said , and we 'll probably return it . It was useless . However , the track itself works OK with the hamster ball we already had . Not really more fun than just letting him run around the rug in the ball , though.I definitely do not recommend this product .
 This does n't really work on Hamtrac . We made the recommended adjustments and it just does n't operate -- it falls over . My daughter wo n't let me return it , but it 's only good for using on a long , flat floor . Save your money and buy the plastic balls .
 this toy fell apart in a day ... barely even used it . really bad product ... buy this if you like throwing your money down the drain
 By all means , this product seems to be amazing , and it would be , if it worked correctly . However , the car is too wide for the wheel to stay on ... it becomes crooked at the first spin , or even when you just put it on the floor . This might not be for all the cars ; I bought two -LRB- one for my hamster , and one for my sisters hamster -RRB- and my car seems a little bit better than hers do ; her wheel does n't even reach the ends of the inside of the car .
 It may look cute but this is an awful product in both build quality and for fish keeping alike . It is simply way too small to keep even one fish in -LRB- well under a gallon -RRB- , the `` office furniture '' takes up way too much room in this already tiny tank , and it has very sharp edges too - which are sure to injure your fish . It 's impossible to clean , feels very cheaply made , and it just is n't good for any kind of fish . You 're much better off getting a 10 gallon tank from your local fish store for not much more money and your fish will be much happier and live longer . An awful novelty product that should be avoided at all costs . For a better alternative I suggest any of Marineland 's eclipse tanks . Marineland Eclipse System Three orMarineland Eclipse System Six Aquariumwould be great alternatives .
 Six inches by five by seven ? Think of your average child-size shoebox , and cut that in half -- that 's about the size of this `` tank . '' The water quality can go downhill in an alarmingly short time and putting a live animal in such conditions is a death sentence . There is no room for a filter and the decorations are crowding.The `` instructions '' posted in the description are damning to fish as well -- `` ideal for goldfish and bettas '' -- NO . Goldfish require at least 10 gallon tanks for the very smallest ones , and larger as they grow , in order to be healthy . And bettas ? This tank 's decorations are riddled with sharp corners , points and edges , perfect for tearing a betta 's long delicate fins and making them susceptible to infection and disease . `` The tank is super easy to maintain -- just rinse and refill under the tap . '' What , no conditioners or other additives to make the water safe for fish ? Water straight out of the tap contains chlorine and sometimes other chemicals to make it safe for us to drink -- but which are deadly to fish.This is an example of a horrible trend that tells people that fish are decorations rather than living animals that need care and attention . Keeping an aquarium requires care , education , and committment just like keeping any other pet . Do not buy this product .
 Please DO NOT purchase this tank for a goldfish . Goldfish deserve at the least a 30 + gallon tank and some varieties -LRB- which sink to the bottom to hang out -RRB- would find this plastic annoying and inappropriate . It could possibly injure them.Putting a goldfish inside this product would be inhumane and irresponsible . The small volume will contribute to ammonia buildup and potentially cause skin irritations and deformities.Please be a responsible pet owner and think of the welfare of the animal over the ` cute ' factor . Please .
 Buy the `` Office Fish Tank '' only if you want to end up sitting around at work and watching your dead fish float around at the top!This `` tank '' does n't even hold a full gallon of water . The `` decorations '' take up an ungodly amount of space in it and have sharp edges which can be harmful to your fish . You ca n't just `` rinse and refill '' an aquarium either . You need to treat the water first , or you 'll kill your fish even faster . But maybe that would be a blessing for it , when compared to having to live in those conditions?If you 're going to spend 25-30 dollars on a fish tank , just go to Wal-Mart and buy their 10 gallon kit ! It 's not much more expensive , and your fish will be MUCH happier with you !
 someone in my office brought this in with a Betta , Betta was miserable , soon the whole tank was covered in green slime because underneath the plastic floor can not be cleaned and the green slime went crazy . ALso there was such little room for the fish to move and the hard plastic edges of the furniture hurt the fish .
 this tank is too small for any fish.when I see my fish swim by the furniture I think about how it is so sharp that I think the fish will get stabbed by the furniture and all his guts will start leaking out like a water fausit.why waste money on this cheap peace of plastic when you can go to walmart and get a 10 gallon aquarium including a filter , a light fixture , and water conditioner for just 35 dollars?if you think that is to much then they also sell an empty 10 gallon -LRB- doesnt include anything -RRB- for only ten dollars .
 This tiny tank is simply too small for any fish to live happily . The sharp plastic toys in the tank can easily tear his fins and cause infection . Please do not buy this product .
 This ball is a cheap piece of junk . The top dosnt stay on and your hamster will get out . I have to tape mine . I have a dwarf hamster and I still think its too small for her . Spend the extra money ...
 First off I ordred two of these for my pet mice . The one ball was n't even put together right and did n't line up in the middle ! Second off the lids did n't close on either of them and my mice escaped within the first minute of rolling around . DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS .
 All I have to say about this item is that if a plastic container is n't microwave safe , it should be clearly printed on its surface .
 Well , I guess you get what you pay for , after one use , the ball fell apart ... It was a good thing my mouse was n't in the ball when it fell apart , because my cats would have eaten him ...
 Usually Crittertrail products are GREAT ! All of our mouse stuff is by them . We have had a ball by them before ; a bigger one . It was great ! Never had any problems with it . We had to get a new one once our dog ate it . The new one was horrible . We had found a mouse several months ago , he was about 2 weeks then . The thought was that we could domesticate him . We had gotten pretty far too , we were starting to be able to touch him . Then we got the new ball and put him in it , and took him outside to have a little fun running on the driveway . The lid popped off almost immediately after he started running . Well , that was a problem . As a ` wild mouse ' he ran very fast . Under the shed . Great . We put his mouse house right in front of the shed in hope he would go back in it . And after half an hour , he did . The chances of a mostly un-tame mouse going back into a house TWICE is almost impossible . If we had gotten him one week later , we would n't have . My advice , use some ducktape to secure the lid . Do not trust it .
 I know that alot of you are going to say ... `` Oh well just a couple of bad reviews ... . what 's the differance ??? `` Well ... . Here 's the differance!I got this ball and right away i put mr. hammington in it and he was kind of confused . We let him roll around in the living room and about five minutes later the top came off and luckily i dont have a SMART hamster ! So he did not escape ... . But later on i tried this out while there was no hamster in it and i was just pushing it around on his little track that i got at petco and the track is good but if your hamster is really fast dont waste youre money because he/she will fly off ... . jk . but they may fall off the track!Now back on to the ball ... The ball opened again and by now i was really mad ! So i took it downstairs and my mom looked at it and we figured out you do not twist the top left -LRB- This will make it looser , and more likely to fall off after a little bit -RRB- you twist it right but the peg that holds the top on it was a little too close to the hole and we figured five bucks is n't worth losing a hamster for ... and we took it back and well we are going to get something that isnt going to kill/harm or lose our/my hamster!It may only be ok if youre hamster is very well trained and well trust worthy ... . OR you can just use it in a playpen!IF YOU USE IT IN A PLAYPEN IT IS A GREAT BALL < WELL KIND OF ALL OF THEM -LRB- BALLS -RRB- ARE THE SAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Just brought home 2 dwarf hamsters and was very excited to use this run-about . Product looks good enough , but after securing the hatch with the hamster safely inside and turning the little girl loose , the hatch immediately popped open and off she ran , under the fridge.I want you all to imagine what it must have been like to spend the better part of an hour coaxing an extremely timid 1-inch hamster out from behind a refrigerator ... . never again.In examining the ball , again -LRB- i.e. re-latching the hatch and rolling it over the floor , sans hamster -RRB- it looks like the simple vibration of rolling on hardwood floors allow the hatch to slip into `` open '' position and off it pops .
 This track was a must have when I imagined my son playing with his hamsters . In reality , the hamster has to go in the `` right '' direction to make the ball go on the track . They get bored , crawl into a ball and go to sleep . I find the hardwood floor is much easier for them to get some momentum and actually exercise.The way the track attaches is with cheap plastic tongue/grooves . I had to use a sharp knife to open up two of them enough to insert the next track piece . Very cheaply made and not much fun at all . It now just sits half contructed under my son 's bed taking up space because I do n't have the heart to throw away $ 20 ...
 I ordered a heavy duty chain because I have a big dog , it is a French Mastiff and what I got was a thin chain , it was not a heavy duty . I ended up having to go to a local store and finding a chain that was a lot thicker then the so called heavy duty chain I got from Amazon.com
 I asked my vet about the dried chicken products for pets that come from China . Specifically , I asked if these products could be from the millions of chickens they have had to kill due to avian flu . He said that not only could they very well be from those chickens , but that chickens from China used in pet foods contain an excess of lead . There are no regulations screening imports of chicken for pet food . I have yet to find a dried chicken strip for dogs that was n't from China .
 Apparently , these are the same treats made in China that were recalled by Wal-Mart . They made my dog violently ill and it cost me $ 400 in vet bills . Thank God , he is going to be OK .
 Although this is not what I expected -LRB- too small for my cat -RRB- , it is very durable and perfect for the cat that eats once a day . If your cat is an eater all through the day , this will be too small for them .
 I purchased animal clippers and these combs were a recommended add-on . I took the bait and tried to use them with the clippers . They are good quality and fit well on the clippers however they make the shaving efforts cumbersome and difficult . My animal 's hair kept getting pulled and when she yelped I finally removed them and proceeded with just the clippers . Doing that worked like a charm but these were a big disappointment . I would not recommend these to anyone .
 Great idea , but do n't waste your money . Get the `` best '' ones , rather than these . They are very flimsy and will not go through the hair of a cocker spaniel . There is another brand that is 2-3 times heavier and works well -LRB- but they are also 8 times the price ! -RRB- Just be aware of what you are getting .
 I bought these attachment combs for my new Andis AGC2 to keep my two Pomeranian 's coats trimmed down . The combs attached to the Andis AGC2 nice and securely but the problem is they do n't catch and cut the dogs fur thru the blades . I tried all the different combs in this set and they are all useless.Maybe these are just for big dogs with thick long fur coats . Do n't buy these for small dogs , they do n't work . I will try the small animal comb set listed on Amazon and see if these work any better .
 I bought this set . Yuck . While technically the combs fit Andis AGC -LRB- 1-speed -RRB- and AGC2 -LRB- 2-speed -RRB- , I do n't recommend them . The combs `` stretch '' and are very difficult to attach to the blade . Nearly sliced my hand several times . Sharp surfaces where easy to cut hands . Would need to wear leather gloves to get combs on . Not recommended for Andis AGC and AGC2 . Going in garbage . Waste of $ .
 I had read that it fit a size ten blade which my trimmer has and these did not fit . Was happy that without a hassle I could return them
 I moved to another contry and now found that I need to do all my Maltese 's grooming . I ordered these combs and it was advertised that they are Universal . They are NOT . I spent a lot of money to over night ship them to me and when they got here they are too small for the blade . I spent 4 hours hand scissoring my dog . Then next day had to do the legs . I counted on the info to be right and it 's not .
 I had a very difficult time getting these combs to attatch to the blade of my Andis clippers . It made the grooming job tough .
 The combs do not fit the average Andis shaver heads I wanted them to fit on . Very disappointing .
 They are ok , but not worth the money . I groom up to 8 dogs a day 5 days a week and these failed me completely . Even the tiniest little knot and they wo n't go through . I do n't have time for that !
 These are very flimsy . They fit on the clipper well , but the thin plastic tines bend all over the place . They have a sharp point at the end which inadvertently will jab the dog a few times during the grooming no matter how careful you are . Do n't know why Andis would want to put their name on these flimsy combs . I have lately seen much studier ones which do not have as sharp a point . Spend a little more and get something that actually works .
 Be aware that this picture DOES NOT match the product received . While it is the same style bed and color , it is not for a big dog as pictured . It does not have the middle support as pictured either.While I am very upset with this product , and picture , I am upset at myself for not reading the dimensions . I ASUMED it was for a big dog , because it is pictured , and there are NO CHOICES for you to choose a size.When they lost my first order , I should 've taken it as a sign not to re-order . My 2 day shipping became an 8 day wait for something that was just not worth it . I will be returning it soon .
 Overpriced for what you get . My little 10 pound dog wo n't sit on it anymore because the feet do n't lock open and the thing collapses when she goes to sit on it or moves around on it . If the box was n't thrown out by mistake I would have returned it . Only thing good about it is it folds . It 's a pain to set it down on the ground while making sure all the legs are fully opened up .
 How excited we were to give this new indestructible toy to our 5 month old puppy who had pulled the stuffing out of all of her soft toys ... and she loved the kahuna toy when we gave it to her . How dissappointed we were the NEXT MORNING when we woke up to see stuffing everywhere!So for us ... this toy was n't even close to being indestructible .
 Quite disappointed in the Flying Calf Dog Toy . I have a Doberman who completely destroyed her first one but it was twice the diameter . There is no size description on your website so I naturally assumed it was the same toy but when I opened the box - what a joke ! It should have had the measurement .
 This toy did not hold together at all ! However , when I contacted the company , they sent a replacement of a different toy . Kudos to the company .
 Before I brought this product I read the reviews . There were just enough positive reviews to convince me to try this item . My Max is a 9 month old pit bull who loves squeaky toys . The squeaker lasted for 2 days and the edges began to fray within the week . It 's still around and Max likes to bring it with him to bed where he knows that he ca n't have his squeakies but we are both disappointed by this item . I 'm still looking for a squeaky toy that will survive Max 's enthusiasm .
 Even with all the hype of it being made with ballastic material my dogs had this ripped open and the squeeky out in a day . Granted my GSP 's are relentless when it comes to opening up any toy I buy but I had high hopes for this and it did not live up to them .
 Clearly they did n't test this on toy poodles or any other dog . My poodle chewed through his in under 15 minutes . These are garbage !
 This product lasted about the same length of time as the other `` combat tested '' item . They must be tested by toothless dogs .
 I purchased this whole pack of treats without realizing they are Made in China . I never fed my dogs the treats and deliberated over throwing them out or not due to all the dog recalls . I finally decided not to risk it and threw them out . Had I known they were made in China I would not have purchased in the first place .
 I do n't understand how this company has such glowing customer service reviews ... I 'd give them negative stars if it were possible.I called them to double check their shipping prices because I have been burned in the past , and wanted to BE SURE as Amazon did not show shipping charges until I would put in my payment info.the girl who answered the phone had to be the rudest person I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with.Not only did she tell me to `` just look on line '' , bit she actually said to me she `` is n't at her desk and does n't have time to help me . '' I had ONE QUESTION and she could n't be bothered.Are you serious ? This economy is going to hell and you 're going to piss off a customer who could potentially be placing a $ 500.00 order ??? And when I called the `` customer service line '' to complain -- guess who answered THAT line - yep . same person who did n't have the time to help a customer in the first place.Needless to say , not only did I NOT place an order for the two pens , but they lost it big time as I am in need of a dozen of these pens , which i WILL NOT be purchasing from Dig It.Customer service indeed .
 I bought 24 of these bones and both my Jack 's love them , but I found that they are cracking long sharp slivers of bone off and if they swallow these there will be a visit to the vet . So , I 'm allowing them to clean the bones and when they start to crack them I 'm tossing the bones in the garbage . I wo n't be ordering any bones from now on . I 've done some research and found that it 's best not to take the chance with any bones cooked , raw or smoked.Good Luck to all !
 This product looks good , but my small dog broke the sound bag in just 2 minutes . It did n't last as long as some of the toys I have purchased at Walmart .
 We have been very happy with the AKC brand of stuffed chew animals . We have had the raccoon and the squirrel both have lasted . The squirrel lasted a month and came to it 's end with a game of tug of war with a 90 lb lab and our 35 lb pit mix . The raccoon is only on day 5 but looks like it will last equally as long.The rabbit on the other hand , was brought home today , and the belly stuffing and squeaker where out and everywhere in less then 10 minutes . We are very disappointed .
 I was pleased when the bunny arrived quickly . I did read the advise not to leave the bunny unattended with a dog that has a tendency to chew up toys . My apparently fits into that category . With in minutes he had the face tore open . I took it away from him and my wife stitched the bunny up . A few days later he did it again , got the belly . In for another stitch up . Now the bunny is waiting to have his nose put back on . I had really hoped for a more durable product . It may just be my dog , but I wish they made rabbits out of Kevlar . Not likely to buy again , but it is cute .
 Bought this for my Golden Retriever and within 2 days he had a hole in it , the squeaker removed and all the stuffing pulled out . Not a good value for 14.00 $
 We gave this to my dog for Christmas . She is a 35 lb mix who loves ` stuffed animals ' and has several . She ` plays ' with her animals - fetches them , carries them around , cuddles up with them , squeezes them to make them squeak . She does not chew them up or pull them apart.But this rabbit fell apart immediately . she pulled out the seam and the stuffing before we even sat down to christmas dinner . My sister-in-law sewed it back up , and all was well , but the squeaker -LRB- which sounds more like a duck call than anything -RRB- stopped working within a couple of weeks.So - in the end , my assessment is that , especially for the price , this is a very poor quality item . But the dog does love it . It 's still her favorite toy .
 It took my one year old German Shepherd less than a half-hour to start dismembering this.This item may be fine for older / calmer dogs , but I would n't recommend it for puppies .
 My puppy was very excited at first to have this toy . However , soon after he got the toy , he started gagging . I realized that the synthetic hair was easily coming off this toy . He started swallowing the hair ! I find this toy to be dangerous .
 My dog had this toy all of about 2 hours before she managed to destroy it and get the honker thing out and spread the stuffing everywhere . Not for a dog that loves to chew .
 My daughter 's cat really loved this toy but the squeaker quit working after the 2nd day of play . Some of these toys include an extra squeaker because this is an inherent problem with animal toys , but this one did n't include an extra and upon examination of the toy , there is no place provided to remove and replace the squeaker .
 I specifically searched for and ordered the playpen with the WALK THROUGH door . I ordered a taller pen than I wanted because it was the only one available with the walk through . When I had of set up I noticed I had in fact recieved the door that is connected at the top , so I still have to step over it AND it is much taller than I would have ordered if I had known I would get this kind of door anyway . It 's too bulky and such a pain to try to exchange it - I had to wait a long time for delivery . I am very disappointed .
 I purchased a GoGo Walk Thru 30 inch 8 Panel Epoxy Exercise Pen . I have contracted customer service 2 times to ask if there were stabilizers to secure the pen otherwise -LRB- especially the side with the door -RRB- all of the side just wobble and is not safe for a dog . I was told no . I was also told that no one has ever complained about this defect in the product . I find that very hard to believe as it clearly is not safe for use the way it is . I would not recommend this product .
 Both my self and my daughter bought this product for our new Scottish Terrier puppies as we wanted to go all natural with our food and care . The shampoo says it can be used on puppies , kittens , and even nursing mothers . We both started using this product when our puppies were about 12 weeks of age . I noticed that after washing our puppy he would start to scratch but the scratching would stop after a few days so I did not think about relating the scratching to the shampoo . This continued until last week when I bathed him and noticed he started to scratch more violently ! I told my husband I did not know why he was scratching as I had just bathed him ! -LRB- duh -RRB- ! After a couple of hours of this I turned him over to see if I could find why he was scratching and found he was covered in a red rash all over his entire body ! Well then I knew what it was so I quickly rewashed him in my shampoo and within an hour the rash started to go away . I called my daughter and told her and she said she was going to call me as she had started to notice that her puppy was scratching after washing in Natural chemistry Shampoo . She also rewashed her puppy in her shampoo and the scratching has stopped for her puppy also . I called the 800 number on the shampoo bottle and was told that it sounded like our dogs were allergic to something in the shampoo . I asked why the shampoo bottle was not labeled to watch for scratching or sensitivity and was told , `` well we ca n't label everything ! '' I never write reviews but felt I must on this as our Scottish puppies were being hurt everytime we washed them and we thought we were protecting them !
 Costume is cut in a strange way , i have a Yorkshire with little short legs and the costume is a 100 % bad fit . I have contacted the seller as soon as i got the costume -LRB- 2 hours after i got the costume -RRB- so that i can return it , and they said that all sales are final although i attempted the return a whole week before Halloween so that the seller does not think i used the costume for Halloween and then attempted to return it , but it is one of those sellers who `` hit & run '' . I am extremely disappointed at the product and at the level of customer service .
 I had such high hopes for this ball given all the great reviews ... but unfortunately our boy destroyed the `` indestructible '' leaving nothing but a trail of little rubber pieces . Obviously I took it away once I found him at the end of the rubber rainbow , but like I said , it was less than 5 minutes.Guess we 're back to the black extreme kong ball -LRB- he gets through this too , but somehow the ball stays together -RRB- , his big Nylabone -LRB- eventually these need to be tossed -RRB- and his ever favorite solid , dense plastic 14 '' Jolly ball -LRB- aka horse toy -RRB- - though this is NOT a house toy.Happy to hear this worked for some ... but if you 've truly got an aggressive chewer , this is not the toy for your dog .
 I switched to this food from Innova . I have a male and a female cat . They 've been eating it for about a year . They 're 2 years old . The pet store we were buying Innova from started replacing Innova with Innova EVO , and my cats would eat it -- but they were breaking out on their chin from it . They offered other things , but I ended up using this . It was a special order , but I 'd sampled the bag and the cat acne disappeared.This past month , my male cat started peeing on the floor . We thought it was due to the stress of moving and our new baby and ignored it . Then he started to meow a ton . We thought he wanted more attention . He was still playing with our other cat . We ignored it . Then he started shaking while trying to walk to the litter box . We took him to the vet at 4a . He had a blocked bladder . Per our vet , he 'd been hearing this a lot from male cats who are eating Wellness core . Honestly , I think the only reason he did n't have symptoms sooner is that I was giving him Innova EVO wet food for awhile in addition to the dry food . The other cat did n't eat it , so I did n't want to get food that both of them could n't enjoy.Fixing a blocked bladder is VERY expensive . Also , there is no guarantee that your cat will be completely unblocked after treatment . Thus far , our guy is doing well . We still crate him to make sure he 's peeing , eating , and drinking . It 's hard to monitor this with two cats otherwise.Our male cat is now on a Prescription diet from the vet recommended brand that I 'm not too fond of ... He seems okay . We 've switched our other cat onto the same diet.I will never purchase Wellness CORE again .
 I have a 15 year old neutered male domestic short hair kitty who is overall very healthy and happy . I was excited to put him on this food after doing extensive research because it was high in protein , grain-free and had several great reviews . I had him on Innova Senior , but it was a little dry and he did n't really `` love '' the food . However , since starting to feed Wellness CORE a few days ago , my kitty has had diarrhea every time he uses the litterbox . I 've owned him his whole life , and he 's never had diarrhea before and it 's the only thing that 's changed in his diet -LRB- he also gets Wellness wet food at night -RRB- . Although I already have him on a high protein , low carb diet , I think the even higher level of protein in this food might be too much for his digestive tract to handle . I 'm going to give it a few more days to see if the condition improves and maybe is just a side effect of the transition , but I 'm not pleased by the initial experience . We 'll see what happens .
 The cats loved the other flavor , they wo n't touch this one . My bad , I ordered the wrong one . Love my cats
 I have four cats and none of them ate this food . I ended up letting the racoons eat it at night . All cats are different where there eating habits are concerned . But none of mine would touch it . They smelled it and walked away . It sat on the floor a week before I gave it all to the racoons .
 0 stars if I could!Do your research before you buy ! I thought this food was the BEST for my spoiled cat - but after a complete urinary blockage in my cat , costing him almost his life and me out $ 900.00 at the vet - the food was determined to be the culprit . If you google this food and `` Urinary Blockage '' , ect in the same line - you will find an ENOURMOUS amount of people who went through the same thing with there feline pal after giving this food.SHAME ON WELLNESS !!!
 Does n't matter how good it is for your cat , if Wellness ca n't make the taste appealing enough for cats to try it ! I have two adult cats , one very picky and one that eats everything put in front of him . Neither one would touch this very expensive dry food . The non picky cat just sat and looked at the bowl full of the Core dry food . He never even approached the dish to sniff it . Can Wellness make some samples of this for us to try ? Oh , by the way , both my cats love the Wellness canned cat food .
 Well , I tried this because I wanted my cat to eat more healthy . He is used to Fancy Feast and Friskies . He is a male , 13 yrs old . When he smelled it he started to seem reluctant , like `` what the heck is this ? '' Then he decided to try it . He ate a little and walked away . Just enough to vomit it back up on my carpet . It came up just like it went down , in little balls . I do n't know what the problem is , but he definitely wo n't eat it . I will try to mix it with some wet food , hopefully he will eat it .
 Just like other reviewers , my cat also went on a hunger strike rather than eat this food . I DID gradually switch foods and yet when only the Wellness food was left , he would refuse to eat it . He lost over a lb over this whole ordeal . The only way I could get him to eat was to sprinkle some other cat food on top . -LRB- Someone randomly gave me some since he knew I had a cat . -RRB- What ended up happening for the past month was that the cat would pick around the Wellness pellets and eat everything else . I finally had enough and bought the food he 's been eating for the past year -LRB- also grain-free , also expensive -RRB- . He acted like it was Christmas and gobbled down the whole bowl , just like old times.My cat is NOT a finicky eater by the way . He is a stray that we found last year . Up until this purchase , he has eaten everything we set in front of him . Maybe your cat will love this food . Maybe not . Try a sample first because I 'm pretty mad about wasting $ 30 .
 I really wanted my cat to like this food -LRB- especially considering how expensive it is -RRB- , but she just does n't want to eat it . I introduced the food to her by mixing it in with her old `` junk food '' dry kibble , as recommended . She simply eats around the Wellness kibble , and I find little bits of it slightly chewed up/spit out by her bowl . I 've been testing to see what happens if I do n't feed her again until she clears her little bowl of food , but she just mopes around howling -LRB- something she normally does n't do -RRB- and starves herself instead of eating the Wellness kibble . What a waste . : -LRB-
 My indoor cat does not like it , I mix it up with another brand and he would leave the nuggets of the CORE there he does like the smell of it not the taste .
 Two households and 7 cats later , I still have an almost full bag of this stuff . I put it out because I ran out of their regular food , and could n't make it to the store right away . My 4 cats , despite not having eaten in almost a whole day , wo n't go near this stuff . It just sits in their bowl . When I first brought it into the house , they tried it , but have n't eaten it since . I would not recommend it , despite the good ingredients
 My cat went on a hunger strike rather than eat this food . I think it 's the fishy smell , which is very disagreeable . Save your money ! The ingredients are fine , but what a waste of money !
 Do n't buy this . Looks good , but mine collapsed in the middle , pinning my cat inside whenever I 'm able to stuff him into it . You should see the scars on my arms . Bad design . Needs a longitudinal stiffiner to keep it from collapsing . I finally threw mine away .
 These chips seem to be of acceptable quality , but they are entirely too thick . I have 13 dogs and a bag does n't even go around ... gets expensive very fast .
 I ordered the cat drinkwell fountain and after having it I felt the need to order replacement filters . But the directions on the fountain say you can run your fountain without the filters . But I thought - I should use the filters . The price for them on Amazon is a good value . But these filters even after I run them under running water before putting them into the fountain - still cause the water to turn black or there are black specs in the water . I do n't think it 's too healthy for my cats to drink the water when the filters are leaving black specs in the water or darkening the water . I have decided to just run water through my fountain - I use bottled water and clean it frequently . I do n't think these filters do a whole lot except maybe force you to clean the fountain more than you normally need to .
 Sent back twice , as wrong filters , was for fish tank . Not happy with shipment . Can they get it right . This is the first time that I have had trouble with the shipments . After two times , requested a refund . Will never order this product from Amazon .
 I have used Drinkwell Pet Fountains for years . They 're great . However , I never use the filters . Think about it , your dog or cat will lick their rear end and drink from a puddle outside . Do they really need water that has been filtered through activated carbon ? I do n't think so . This is a classic case of we humans thinking our pets are something more than they are.Save your money .
 It is nearly impossible to wash this down and clean it up . Even in the dishwasher there is so much standing water on the back side -LRB- either side up -RRB- that you 'd have to wash it again by hand . Both my cats end up drinking from the well and that is where all the dirty water is . This unit is just stupid . There is lots of gurgling sound from the pump and the unit needs to be kept full of water .
 Ordered 2 pkgs of the drinkwell replacement filters and when I opened the first pkg one of the filters was open on one side and dumped charcoal crumbs all over the floor . I tried to save a few cents by ordering on line and got stung since now only 2 of the 3 filters in the pack are usable !
 this heater works fine but will not fit into the BiOrb with the suction cups inclosed . You just have to let it dangle in the tank by the cord and hope it does not go into the water .
 I have owned this cage for 6 months and hate it . It is mostly made of brittle plastic . The tabs that hold the top on broke the first week . It is very difficult to clean . After a few months my hamster discovered how to chew the lock of the top compartment which now has to be taped shut . At night we have to shut the hamster into the bathroom because when she runs on the treadmill it is loud enough to wake the dead .
 I bought a couple of these to use for surgical preps , but found them duller than the usual steel blades . Do n't waste your money .
 The blade fit my trimmer and was easy to attach but ... it broke in half the first time I used it .
 I bought a couple of these to use for surgical preps , but found them duller than the usual steel blades . Do n't waste your money .
 The blade fit my trimmer and was easy to attach but ... it broke in half the first time I used it .
 If you want a bigger cage for your hamster , going UP is not always the answer , even though Super Pet seems to think it is . If you look at these shelves , they do n't overlap one another , so your critter can hurt itself if it jumps off the top shelf . A much better solution than this cage is buying a 10-20 gallon aquarium or a large -LRB- and VERY cheap -RRB- Sterlite/Rubbermaid bin from Wal-Mart or Target . Just fill up your bin or tank with chips , and decorate it . This provides much more space for your creature , for a very low price .
 Looks good but too light to stay under gravel , I am constantly re-setting these plants they float to the top . The base is a poor design , Iam going to tie heavy weights in order to anchor better .
 I bought a couple of these to use for surgical preps , but found them duller than the usual steel blades . Do n't waste your money .
 The blade fit my trimmer and was easy to attach but ... it broke in half the first time I used it .
 I bought these clippers to do finish work around my Standard Poodles ' paws . The clippers stopped running before I finished the first cut . Oster is supposed to be a good brand but these clippers did not make the cut . Do not recommend them . I hope to get my money back .
 I like Oster trimmers and I do use this one , but I do n't recommend it . It 's too small , does n't cover enough area and overheats a bit . You can find a better one for this price .
 Ordered Oster mini max trimmer 01-20-13 . Received about 01-25-13 . started using on 02-04-13 . the second day of use the motor started slowing down , then stoppedoperating.So now they do not run at all . What can we do about them ?
 I would not recommend this comb for cats . It does not reach the undercoat but merely combs over the top coat . It 's the equivalent of running your fingers through their fur . The teeth are too thick and rounded at the edge to grip hair . This comb went straight to the trash .
 Stitching near handle shredded in a couple of weeks . I 'll need to re-stitch it myself . Spend the extra $ 10 or $ 15 for a higher quality product .
 It was much smaller than I anticipated , really sized for a cat or toy breed . I bought it for larger dog , and had to send it back , so I ca n't really comment on its performance . It was light , but once filled with water , that probably wo n't be a problem . I have found that you really need pictures of products next to pets in order to judge their real size . Otherwise , it looked as advertised and I had no problems with the order , so it gets 2 stars
 It falls apart all the time , leaving me a mess to clean up . It is very cheaply constructed . I have a similar 18 pound Petmate Replenish feeder for my dog that screws together . I do not know if the smaller equivalent works similarly , but I would not recommend this one .
 The only redeeming thing about this , and the only reason I bought it , was for the Microban feature . Microban is very handy . Among other trade secret ingredients , it 's thought to contain particles of the antiseptic Triclosan embedded in the plastic during molding . Triclosan is a common anti-microbial agent found in hand soaps , toothpaste and other antibacterial products . If you forget or do n't want to regularly clean your pet 's food bowl , Microban is a good thing , as it pretty much kills any bacteria/mold/fungi that form on the surface . However , that 's where this product 's appeal ends.The first thing I noticed about this item is , it 's just bad quality . All the parts fit together with cheap plastic tabs , which are so loose , the weight of food makes it fall apart . So , if you pick up the feeder by the food storage unit , it will pop off , dumping food all over the place . Pick it up by the base top , and that will pop off the base 's bottom , again spilling food . The pets may love this , but it 's incredibly annoying for the humans.The ability to disassemble the base into two parts makes no sense as this thing is impregnated with Microban . Plus , that area is not accessible to pets , so there should be little need to clean in there . So , it only serves as another point of failure.To ensure I did n't just get a bad unit , I looked at several others in a few different pet stores over the last two years . Most were shrink-wrapped , so the flimsiness was hidden , but there were a LOT of returns that were taped together . Which is a clear indication the problem is a design flaw.To avoid buying another bowl , I eventually welded the two parts of the base , and the base and storage bin together with plastic epoxy . This keeps it from falling apart every time I move it or pick it up . The downside is , it will no longer come apart for cleaning , but with the Microban , this is not an issue . Unless your pet pukes in it , or uses it as a litter box , the bowl rarely needs to be washed . If it does get dirty , you can always remove the lid and toss it in the dishwasher.The info card with my unit says not to worry about over-feeding , as cats tend to self-regulate their eating habits . This is not completely true . Cats fed at regular intervals generally eat all their portion because they know it 'll be some time before they can eat again . Cats with unlimited food supplies , however , tend to become `` nibblers '' . They eat a bite or two every few minutes , all day and night . In a multi-cat household this can lead to increased fights over food bowl access . This nibbling also makes them more prone to overeating and , consequently , weight gain.My two cats , as well as the cats of four friends with similar products have all noticed their pets gaining weight as a result of using this feeding method . To be fair , this is n't this product 's fault , rather , it 's a result of the unlimited food method itself.Another problem is , despite the lid on the food reservoir , this device still exposes food to the air . How long it is exposed depends on how fast your cat -LRB- s -RRB- eat , and how frequently you fill it . In a two-cat household , I refill the unit around every two weeks . That 's two weeks for the food to remain open to the air . Though Microban prevents spoilage , the freshness , flavor , nutrients and potency must be compromised . The cats do n't seem to mind , but I do . Other manufacturers have a simple solution
 When I first adopted my dogs off a friend he gave me the Le Bistro Water Feeder and the Le Bistro Food Feeder . The Water feeder works wonders and in the Summer time I freeze a small tub of ice and plop it into the rear feeder so the water that feeds into the dish is ice cold for them . I 'm very happy with the Le Bistro Water feeder but the Food Feeder is what I 'm giving 2 stars for * Actually would give 1.5 * . I fill up the feeder to the top and happy to know my Dogs will be fed for the next couple weeks . But what I find is the Feeder drops more food than needed that I end up walking by the Feeder to see nothing but a giant pile of kibble laying on the floor around the Le Bistro Feeder dish . I thought maybe I just over filled it and next time filled it less but still got the same problem . Gravity would do it 's job and too much kibble would just come pouring outta the feeder spout that it 'd end up over flowing the dish and end up piled up around the dish . So I started putting a place mat underneath and every time I see it piled up I 'd just pick up the place mat and pour the excess back into the Le Bistro . It gets a little annoying and a hassle after awhile . Be nice if it did it 's job of serving enough to fit the dish and not overflow it everytime !
 Unfortunately , I was looking for a mechanical , automatic feeder and the description of this did not properly indicate it was not . I can not let my cat have total access to her food so this was not for me . But , I gave it to someone whose cats can use it and it supplements the mice nicely .
 This product would be fine for a cat or a very tiny dog . The ad does not specify that and therefore the purpose I purchased it for is useless .
 Please be careful with products used for food or water that have microban . If you decide to get this product or something like it , please make sure to observe the user carefully . I recently bought a food storage container with microban , I washed it out first before using it , put the food in and poured some for my cat . A few minutes after eating she vomited . She never vomits so my first thought was that the microban was the cause , but I decided to wait a day to see what happened . Sure enough , after every time she ate , she vomited . I bought more food , washed her bowl out and tried that . She did n't vomit again . She might just be very sensitive , but please take this into consideration .
 Garbage . Plastic hook and tab construction . Flimsy . Rex knocks it apart . Expect a big mess of cat fud on de floor . After cleaning it up and reconstructing a few times I duck taped it together . But `` Remember it 's only temporary . Unless it works . '' - Red Green .
 This is the worst idea I think I have ever had . I bought this because my cat loves to drink fresh water . It was a horrible mistake . She also likes to clean her paws in the water and whenever she would do this , the waterer would overflow all over the floor . Please keep in mind that this item is CHEAP . You do get your monies worth -LRB- and that ai n't sayin ' much -RRB- . For the record , I do use the feeder all the time and it works fine . But , buyer beware of the waterer -LRB- unless you like a soggy rug -RRB- .
 I do n't like this product because the food does not come down into the feeding bowl as it 's used . It just stays up under the canister . My cat completely knocks the thing over so he can get his food out and then the food goes everywhere .
 Unlike the photo attached to this item , you will only get one of the feeders shown ; the one for dry food . I had to order the water feeder separately and pay additional shipping .
 I thought I was buying the automatic feeder which is battery powered . This one , however , it not the one I wanted and would only work if your pet did not overeat .
 after reading reviews on different pet feeders I though I could not go wrong on the petmate LeBistro 5lb feeder . WAS I EVER WRONG . no matter what i did it would gush the entire contents of the 5lb water unit down thru the dish and all over my floor . there appears to be no suction to control the water flow . maybe it was just my bad luck but i will not order again ! Think twice . . is the price that good when it does n't work ?
 I bought this when my Rottie was 2 months old . That was 5 months ago . It was in storage all along and I dragged it out recently . Sufficit to say after all the food was consumed in what I believe was one sitting , it became a chew toy .
 Well , I just got this cage today and it 's already broken . A small piece broke off while trying to assemble it . It will not stay together at all . I got it for a second home for my hamsters to connect their other home with tubes . The tubes are too heavy for this cheap little thing , so do n't even consider it . I mean , is it just me or is this cage not made to connect properly . This is so bizarre . I ca n't believe that the people who made it hav n't figured out that something just is n't righthere . It 's not very expensive , so if you want to get mad and frustrated I highly recommend it . I think I 'd be better off to buy a tupperware dish and cut a hole in it .
 A professor of mine had a bed that looked similar to this , and my dog loved it ! So I thought it would be time to buy her a bed with the faux sheepskin that she could nestle around in.This is not faux sheepskin . The interior doesnt seem to be orthopedic either . The picture is not what you 'll receive . The top layer is a thin , pseudo-fuzzy material that collects tons of static electricity.The interior stuffing went flat within a few weeks of use . I had to restuff it myself so that it was n't completely flat . Now , my dog is n't that big , so I was amazed to see it flattened so fast . I got the larger bed for her , and she is only 35 pounds . So I would attribute the flatness to the cheap materials , and not just my dog.Its not worth the money to buy this one . There is far better that are actually as described . It only deserves one star since the dog occasionally sleeps on it .
 Our first problem with this cage is the constant escaping , we finally set up and watched to see how he was escaping . He gets on the slide and then is able to push enough to get the door open . We did solve this problem by bending the latch and making it harder to open.Second problem , The latch that holds the roof on broke , this was n't much of a problem since the roof still stays in place with out it , but still . . Third problem , the wheel . . One hamster liked to put bedding in it and it falls out the little holes and gets every where , another hamster liked to potty in there and of course it fell out the holes too and was VERY messy . I ended up taking off the wheel and slide.Fourth problem , you have to take the whole thing apart to clean it . Its frustrating , but you get good at putting it back together!But now after having it a year the top lid has broken and it will have to be replaced.On the bright side this cage looks cool has a lot of space . but has alot of draw backs .
 Ordered back in November 2005 , this rather expensive item arrived -LRB- as a gift for a youngster -RRB- without protective packing , without paperwork , and not surprisingly , damaged . After several pointless e-mails back and forth with this company , I filed a claim with Amazon and am STILL waiting for resolution . I would not recommend .
 I hung the Jimmy 's Yummy Balls or whatever they are called and my horses LOVED them and ate them in to days . Soooo I thought something a little less expensive might entertain them on a rainy day as well ... NOT ! They have absolutely NO interest in them what-so-ever !!!
 I bought this cage for my son and at first it seemed nice but it was not worth $ 15.99 ! It was way too small , the food dish always came off , the water bottle always leaked
 This was a gift for my squirrel box . It seemed promising . Less mess -LRB- no peanut shells -RRB- , variety in diet and reportedly liked by many birds . I live in the city , so can see pigeons come around . They ate the outdoor ant spikes instead ? Perhaps it was an off bag but looked fine and smelled like pumpkin . Back to peanuts for me .
 I have had 2 of these bucks . When they are working , they are great . However , one of the buckets quite on me after one season . The other bucket stop working after 3 seasons . I also had a bird bath heater made by Allied Precision that also failed after one season . It 's now the middle of winter I and I am once again looking urgently looking for bucket heaters .
 I got this thinking I could feel a bit better for not brushing his teeth one day -LRB- Alaskan Malamute 8 mo. -RRB- , but my dog is a very aggressive chewer and this did n't last 1 minute with him . The blue nibs that `` clean '' teeth came off instantly and he ended up swallowing them . I mean not just little individual nibs , but they came off in groups of 3 and were pretty chewed off . If you do n't want your dog it ingest this stuff , do n't get it . Especially if your dog is very aggressive chew AND has a habit of eating random stuff .
 I saw this and thought it would be great for my pit bull mix . I gave it to him and he was instantly in love with it . 14 minutes later , rubber pieces were on the carpet.When testing out a new toy and always look at the time I give it to the dog just to see how quickly he chews through my money . He falls into that ` powerful chewer ' category as labeled on the nylabone packaging . This toy in no way stands up to powerful chewers . I would not recommend if you have one .
 I am underwhelmed with this flexi leash . The tape seems narrow and kind of , well , cheap . I just purchased the flexi Expressions for my other dog , same animal weight/size and it is a much better leash . My elegance tape is starting to fray already and twists as the dog moves around . The handle is very lightweight and not as sturdy or comfortable in my hand as the Expressions . I am planning to order another Expressions leash so I 'll have it when this one breaks .
 I had to order this product three different times because they kept being delivered broken . When I did receive a intact one it 's lasted a long
 I wanted a weather proof house since I had no outside porches where a bed could be made for an outside cat . Unfortunately , the door on this house slopes toward the top of the house from the bottom which lets rain come in freely . When the plastic door is added , it acts just like a funnel for water since it hangs down into the house . I have even positioned it away from prevailing winds . All bedding got wet , and it is unusable during wet weather and a mess to clean out . It 's too large to try and ship back , so I will probably donate it to the local Humane Society .
 I contacted the company and asked what size I should get for my 58 lb . Irish Setter . They recommended medium . Good thing I did n't take their advice because she can barely squeeze into the large ! She refuses to use it at all .
 They do not make these dog igloos like they did 12 years ago when I purchased my first one . Quality is lacking . It arrived with a broken latch that connects the base to the top portion of the igloo -LRB- yes , the latches are made of cheap plastic -RRB- . Also , they do not seem as thick as the older models do -- perhaps not as much insulation in them ? I had to return the item because of the defect . My recommendation is to go to a home improvement store where you can purchase pressure treated wood -LRB- and where they will cut it into pieces for you -RRB- - just some 4X4 's for the corners , plywood for the floor and walls and roof , and some screws . Be sure to paint or stain the pressure treated wood before your pet uses it in order to minimize th epet 's exposure to the chemicals in the pressure treated wood .
 ad stated medium ... pet weighs barely 40 lbs ... entry too small , will not enter . breed is german short hair . feel misled by size of doghouse
 The item looked very nice , but it was to small for my Malamute , so I sent it back , without major problems .
 The bristles are not strong . They started to bend after first brushing . My dog , Gracie , is a Havanese and I need something that will go through her hair not pull it out .
 This made my dog stop barking for about a day and a half before it stopped bothering him . I ca n't find any kind of replacement spray that 's any stronger either . Do n't waste your money .
 The picture makes this thing look waaaaaay nicer than it is ... the ` cover ' is actually a fitted sheet that does n't fasten on the bottom , so you have to tuck it under the bottom of the crate . The ` bumper ' does n't fit snugly -LRB- yes , I got the correct size for the crate I have -RRB- & it sags on the sides ... . a nice little invitation for my dog to chew it up basically . The mat is Okay , but not the most cushy , comfy one in the world . Overall , I am so mad that I wasted so much money on this !!!!!!!
 The only nice thing about this package is the fabric that goes over the crate . Even that is too small , but it works fairly well . The bumper pad only has tiny place to secure it to the crate , so it slides down and bunches up . The pad that goes at the bottom is way too small , and it bunches up whenever our dog moves around so he ends up just laying on the plastic crate . Very cheaply made , would not recommend . Would have been much better off continuing to use a sheet over the crate instead of wasting money on this .
 disappointed in this product . For the price , expected great quality but not happy at all . The bumpers would n't stay up and just collapsed . The cover did n't cover either end and I needed one end covered as well for my dog that gets stressed .
 Perhaps quality changes from batch to batch , but the batch I received is very brown . My rabbit makes a huge mess flinging the hay around the cage looking for some edible portion . I would definitely have asked for a refund , but I would have forfeited $ 19 of my $ 25 investment in shipping -LRB- here and back -RRB- . So I figured my bunny could surely find $ 6 of good hay in an 8lb bag , at considerable aggravation to me in clean-up . Generally I give products a second chance , but due to the cost in shipping I will have to pass on ZuPreem 's Nature 's Promise Western Timothy Hay in future .
 This product is OK , but it contains too much hays which are very thick and hard . My bunny does n't eat the hard hays unless she is starving .
 I had hoped for some sort of a result from this product and basically saw no change . I 'm not a novice dog handler . I 've been at it for years . I thought the product would help improve my dog 's coat and it did not . I would n't buy it again .
 The holes are too small . I watched woodpeckers , chickadees and nuthatches try to get the peanuts but were not able to fit them through the openings . Sunflower and safflower seed falls out like rain . Do n't waste money on this item .
 If you have the kind of dog that likes to eviscerate stuffed animals and thrash around with rope toys then this is a waste of money . I should have just given my dog two $ 20 bills . I warmed up the Snuggle Pet , flipped the switch on its heartbeat to &#34; on , &#34; and introduced my dog to it gently and he seemed fine . I had even sprayed it with a few pumps of D.A.P.When I got home , I had a mess to clean up . There was stuffing and the contents of the heat packet everywhere in his crate . At least he did n't bite into the heart and one of the batteries.I had gotten my hopes up because the other reviews were so positive , so I need to leave this review as a caution to other buyers . My dog likes to take the stuffing out of stuffed toys , so I should have taken that as a sign that this would be a bad idea . However , the other reviewers made it seem like a miracle product . I have more proof that there is no miracle product for separation anxiety .
 My dog loves these , so when I found these ones I assumed they were the same quality . Not ! I bought two and 1 barely squeaked . The first I played with my dog for maybe 2 minutes and it ripped right in half ! What a waste of money !
 Not a strong enough toy for dogs that like to chew and tug . 5 minutes is all it lasted with my dog . very little was left .
 Dog played with it 5 minutes . Both leg 's rip off and body ripped in half . Absolute garbage please do n't buy . Save your money for good dog toy
 My dog had received a chicken like this as a gift . She loves it to death , and very near death it is . We decided to get a replacement as the old one -LRB- which has lasted about a year -RRB- has holes and pieces of stuffing coming out . This one looked very similar -LRB- same mold , same paint -RRB- to the one we received as a gift so we thought it was the same quality . I took it out of the box , gave it to my dog , and within 30 seconds the chicken was torn in half and all the stuffing was falling out . My dog is a Boston Terrier , so while energetic , it 's not like this chicken was mauled by a massive beast . It was very sad when we had to hide the remains from her and put the destroyed chicken in the trash . Not just sad , but tragic in the world of a Boston Terrier . This chicken just is n't pet quality , despite being marketed as a dog toy .
 This dog toy lasted about 2 minutes . My Sheltie tore it in half ! He did n't even have to try hard . Very disappointed . Oh . . and it is not very big !
 I got this when I purchased the collar and within a week of having it on my Boston Terrier 's collar the stones came out .
 This did nothing to get tarter off my dogs teeth , scraped & scraped . lousy tool . cheap , but did not work .
 The Tartar Remover arrived at my home promptly . It is a great item , made with very superior metal and SHOULD work well , BUT , it arrived being bent 90 degrees . It is made of a very high grade stainless steel -LRB- medical grade -RRB- and is very sturdy . It must have taken a `` gorilla '' to stomp on it to bend it 90 degrees . How can this happen in ANY shipping/handling ? It did not cost so much even with the shipping -LRB- about double the cost of the item -RRB- added , so it is not worth my time to return it , but , it left a bad feeling about Amazon in my stomach !
 I purchased this item for personnal use . The quality is fair and it does the job . I will not do business with the vender as the shipping was rather slow and cost more than the item .
 I 'll have to agree with the other reviews that this `` scraper '' is n't sharp enough ! Maybe your tarter is real thick then it might help but If you really need to scrape your teeth I would pass this one up . You really ca n't tell from the picture so it 's best to believe the reviews , good price , but not worth it if it does n't do the job !
 Maybe I just ca n't figure out how to use it , but I ca n't get this thing to remove anything . My set of picks works so much better . Not recommended for do-it-yourself tartar removal .
 so far , this product arrived bent and defective , therefore I will have to return it and ask for a replacement
 It is a strong lid and was more expensive in the store . I liked it but the only problem was my 55 gallon tank was a weird size so it didnt fit right . I had to cancel my order and buy it in the store because after three weeks , it still had n't been shipped . I was glad I at least got my money back but I wish the company was communicating like they should have .
 I ordered this item on Monday , April 30th . I used two day shipping because I needed it quickly . I have pet green anole lizards , and the mesh screen top to their tank got a tear in it , so I have been forced to temporarily house my pets in a smaller container while I wait for a new top . Two day shipping MY ASS ! The item has n't even shipped yet , and it 's friday . I looked up tracking on the order and the estimated delivery date was May 29 through the begging of June !!! What the hell ? I will never ever order from this company again , and I will tell everyone I know to avoid them . The product might be great , but I will never know , because these morons could n't be bothered to ship me my product . This product was NOT OUT OF STOCK . It even had one of those `` Order in the next x amount of hours , and get it by Wednesday '' tags beside it . I am so frustrated that my lizards are suffering and I have to go find a new vendor and wait even longer . What a crappy way to do business .
 This product arrived warped out of shape . My father had to use his tools to tap it back into position so that it would fit on my tank without leaving gaps that my lizard could escape from .
 This mat takes a long time to soak in water and the mat is not even . The bumpy strips of gell are a result and there is no smooth surface . The mat is very wet after soaking it in water and heavy . My dog refused to even go on it . I 'm returning it !
 I really hoped this would be a good thing for my dog , because he is double coated and really gets hot . But it is wet , and so I could only put it out in the kitchen where I have linoleum . My dog refused to have anything to do with it . Even with encouragement and treats he avoided it . He 'd lie down near it , but not on it . If I 'd been able to put it in a room he ordinarily likes to hang out in , maybe he would have given it a try . But he does n't hang out in the kitchen , and he was n't about to start . So this did n't work for our setup .
 I got this for my dog in medium and large . It does n't work . It absorbs the water and swells and by evaporating cools my doggie . Well , it 's not dry here so it does n't work and fido does n't like lying on something that 's wet .
 My Shiba Inu 's undercoat is in dire need of a good brush -LRB- lost the last good rake we had -RRB- . I saw the glowing reviews and low price tag on this one , so I thought I 'd give it a try . I followed the directions , tried not following the directions , and in the end , I got just a few strands -LRB- literally between 0 and 3 -RRB- of hair for each long stroke . If I just pinch the dogs coat and pull , I get a lot more undercoat.As far as the build quality goes , however , it is clearly a well made rake ... a big surprise for the price . That is the only thing that keeps this review from being 1 star . Even if it did n't do the job for me , the build quality is quite good and worth a star in itself , even though it did n't work one bit for my dog.This might be a good rake for some breeds , but it 's a waste of money on a Shiba Inu .
 I purchased this product for my Maltese . I like for him to smell good !! This Very Berry stuff must be made from rotten berries !! It really smells horrible . I gave another bath to get rid of the yucky smell
 I 'm not all that happy with the scent of this grooming spray but i did receive it fast and secure
 I received it today . The boxes were perfect / no damage . I open the box and the item is broken into pieces . No instructions whatsoever . I didnt know they could make plastic so thin and cheap . Dont buy this piece of china junk . Spend a little more and buy a name brand .
 Is this price for one bag ? At $ 27.95 a pound , would n't it be more cost-effective to pay a French chef to cut filet mignon into tiny bits ?
 These were on sale at Petco , so we gave them a try . They 're too big to give for frequent clicker treats with my 35 lb dog . -LRB- Cutting them in half is about right . -RRB- Even though they 're heavily scented , they 're just not her favorite . She 'd rather have -LRB- 3 -RRB- Pounds of Lamb Lung -LRB- Baa Baa Q 's -RRB- orDogswell Vitality Dog Treats , Chicken , 6-Ounce Pouches -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- any day .
 Very expensive , I thought the bag was bigger . I 'm better off getting it at my local pet store . I would get a bigger bag for the price .
 I guess it 's my fault for not understanding the amount in ounces , but I expected a larger package of treats . This one was enough for about a week .
 I bought these for training purposes but my dogs did n't really care for them . The size is perfect but it was just like giving them a piece of regular dog food .
 This gets dirty pretty easily . I have a Doberman & Puli , so not too slimy of drinkers . It is hard to clean down inside the dome where it gets yucky . It is pretty noisy too . The pump has to be cleaned out often to keep a good flow . It is a rather small `` decorative '' fountain pump and clogs a lot . It takes forever to get it clean enough with a long bottle brush to let them continue drinking out of it . The filter gets the dog hair and slime `` chunks '' but it is just a carbon filled filter . You can see the grime build inside dome each day .
 my hedgehog hates these he rather sleep under the fleece that lines the bottom of his cage than this my new baby is the same way its a waste of money to me i could see why others like it maybe they would if it was a soild color not see thru so it didnt let light in
 The storage bin itself works great , but meant for XL Dog 's food . Says that it can hold alot , but both bin sizes in general are HUGE ! Not something to keep out , but put in pantry . Gave to XL dog 's family & they say it works alright but they do n't use scoop .
 It looks great but the squirrels were able to take this apart within a month . I would buy something else instead .
 I purchased this item in March because i liked the design/concept and the reviews were good . I found it a hassle pouring the bird food in the little square hole and the plastic was very cheap . In June after filling the feeder & putting it back on the pole , it fell & the plastic broke and all the food wasted on the ground . I would not recommend buying this product . . but if you do because you think it is `` cute '' only fill the feeder half way ... but it is very poor quality for the price you pay !!! Aarrgggghhhhhhh !!!!!!
 I hung two of these feeders about a week ago . The squirrels have chewed the silos and chewed around the perches on the silos . They took off the top on the roof and ate from there . All the bird seed fell on the ground from them jumping up and down on them . These were a very poor investment !!!!!
 Hanging devise provided is terrible . Difficult to fill with sunflower seed . Flimsy and poorly constructed . Hard to believe its made in the US .
 The feeder is very hard to fill with sunflower seeds . It also had a strange way for hanging it on a pole .
 He absolutely will NOT use this . Also , the top comes off too easily . I was very disappointed and so was Fitzsimmons .
 Well , the item was received but without the pour lid and without a scoop as advertised . I emailed the company on 11/19/06 and received a `` read receipt '' but no response . I called the company on 12/1/06 and spoke to `` Brad '' who said he will research at least getting me a scoop for the 2 containers ... have n't heard a thing since . I did n't want to send it back because then I would have to pay S&H . This company does n't seem to give a hoot .
 I bought this kit for the valves . I needed some valves to regulate pressure from a DIY CO2 reactor for a planted freshwater tank . I had a similar plastic air valve that worked in this application just fine . However , the valves in this kit are not the same quality . They can not hold any amount of air pressure without leaking . Keep in mind that DIY CO2 reactors do n't create a lot of pressure . Yet these valves could not handle it . As soon as I connected one , CO2 and water immediately sprayed out from the valve knob.If you just want to control the amount of bubbles created from an air pump , they should work okay .
 Cheaply made product , very easy to strip the threads on airflow adjustment knob . Overall , not too impressed with the quality of items from this manufacturer . -LRB- 15 years , experienced hobbyist -RRB- It will get the job done , but there are many more inexpensive alternatives that will yield far greater results .
 Okay - read the label carefully.Propylene glycol.What is that ? Antifreeze !! Propylene glycol and ethylene glycol are both used in antifreeze.It is what you try to AVOID for pets!In humans , it can act as a humectant , and add moisture to an area.Not that I 'd want it on me either , but I know enough to not eat moisturizer.But in pets , it can get ingested , and should NOT be used!What this company is doing , I really do n't know.But you can bet that I 'd never buy this product.It is n't worth possibly giving my pet some sort of poisoning.Even if not fatal , it would have to be painful .
 I purchased this collar for my 11 lb . yorkie mix . I had a SportDog 400 that was working great for my 30 lb . hound mix , but I thought that the SportDog collar was too bulky for my little guy . This collar might work for you if you are not going on long off-lease walks . It is small , but it 's range is not good . 200 yards is nothing when you 're dog takes off after a rabbit . The collar 's clasp is flimsy ; it can be easily lost . The worst thing that happened is that the collar suddenly began shocking my dog constantly . He ran to me in a panic , and I quickly removed it . I was n't pushing any buttons on the remote at all at the time . The remote was sitting on the outdoor table , and I did notice a little rainwater by it , so maybe some moisture got in it . I do n't know what happened , but the collar still shocks continually when powered on . Even if I could get it to reset , I do n't think that I could trust it again . I went with SportDog . My dog may look silly with a larger receiver hanging from his little neck , but I need a reliable collar that I can trust .
 I bought this training collar to help train my small dog not to chase my cat . It worked for only a week and then one of the prongs stopped working . The other prong still works so it 's ` usable ' but it 's also very difficult to turn on and off to save the battery save the battery life . I ordered another collar made by Dogtra and the quality was far better and worth the extra $ .
 My dog weighs 12.5 lbs . I bought this collar for its weight and size . This unit is small but the range is not more than about 50 feet . It has 4 levels and it usually has to be put on level 4 to get my dogs attention . It is very unreliable . I would pay 200.00 for a shock collar that would always perform . The units collar and remote battery was DOA and I had to buy a new ones . I put the collar on my arm . You can hear the good/bad tone when you press the button but no shock on 1 or 2 and 3 is so mild until you get to level 4 it is useless . Level 4 will get your dogs attention as it will make him yelp with pain . If you get much beyond 20 to 50 feet it usually will not work . I would not buy this product again . My cars remote will work much farther than this collar .
 The collar only has 4 levels . My dog ignored level 1 . He yelped and jumped for level 2 . The training said a level with that reaction should only be used for behavioral corrections and not basic training . The support line was no help . No background questions of where the collar was placed or how I was trying to train to brainstorm how I could get the product to work for my dog . At minimum , I thought maybe I should loosen the collar , or move the prongs to the back of the neck , or remove one of the prongs . But there were absolutely no suggestions other than being told there was no 1.5 level , which was of course obvious.I was also concerned with the training collar coming into contact with metal on his other collars . The support line told me he should not be wearing other collars and should have a harness . No where else was this mentioned . My dog is an Italian Greyhound . His chest is too deep for a harness and must wear a martingale collar.I was told I would have to check with the retail store to return the collar . Returning the product is not an option asI had already opened the package and cut the collar as instructed -LRB- since it was so long my dog was tripping over it -- too long for a product geared to lap dogs -RRB- . There was no discussion that maybe the collar was defunct and that another might not have Level 2 set so strong .
 the collor only worked a few weeks . I could not get it to work . I tried changing out batteries . Nothing . I would not recommend this product . This makes the 2nd collor of this type I have purchased that has quite working . I which it did because it would have been good .
 Tried 2 of these units and both had problems . Only works some of the time . Distance - maybe 20 ' .
 I suggest that NO ONE buy thus product . When I was looking at reviews I saw a number of people who mentioned it just stops working - THEY ARE RIGHT . I orderd the item and in less than 2 weeks , and less than 8 hours of use it stoppedworking , so I returned it thru amazon and it was quickly replaced - but the second one stopped working in about 3 weeks . By then my 30 return with amazon was up . So I contacted the manufactor and they told me it would cost a minium of $ 40 to repair it , plus shipping to and from ... Highly highly disappointed !
 If you want to stand next to the dog to give corrections ; then this trainer is for you . If , however , you wish to correct behaviors from a distance greater than 5 ' then you might want to research another unit . I will say this positive . When the transmitter and receiver do communicate , this is an excellent training tool .
 I bought two of these for our two miniature pinschers they have short hair and are very small -LRB- about 5-7 lbs -RRB- I read that this is the one and only for toy breeds . One of the collars did not work even after replacing the batteries . The other collar we used the `` 1 '' setting which is the lightest setting and it made our dog yelp so loud and jump like it hurt so bad . Our dog was shaking and hid under our foot stool and was traumatized . This is not in his nature to be a wussy , min pins are considered tough and the `` King of Toy '' breeds . In the instructions it said a response like that means the setting is too high and may be harmful . The training DVD was not helpful it was based on a different larger product with different controls and for large breeds . This product is too powerful for dogs so tiny . Oh and even though its small the shock device was still so big that my dog could not look down because it took up his whole front of his neck .
 Bad Product - It did n't work ! No matter how many times we tried to program it , the item simply never worked !
 I have had this for about 6 months now and the 1 and 2 buttons on the remote do not work . I have changed the batteries in both the remote and the receiver , but still they do not work . However , the 3 and 4 buttons work , but that is WAY too powerful for my Westie-poo . Also if you buy this from amazon it voids the warranty -LRB- I wish I knew where that conspicuous disclosure regarding the warranty was ... -RRB- , so I will have to fork out another 100 bucks or so for a new one ...
 The collar is in the drawer . I could not get it set and I got so frustrated , I quit . I am going to have someone else lookat it and see , if it is difficult to program or it 's just me . I like easy and this is not easy to program .
 I bought this collar for our Papillon -LRB- 6 pounds , tiny neck -RRB- . The collar itself is nice and flexible so it fit well around our dog 's neck , but the metal buckle is n't very convenient . I would much prefer the plastic `` snap '' that most dog collars employ . On the plus side , the receiver is the smallest on the market , which is nice.However , this collar does NOT have an `` external '' antenna . Most other training collars have an antenna built into the collar strap which boosts reception . This collar has a tiny `` internal '' antenna and as a result , the effective range is TERRIBLE -LRB- by my tests , about 3 % of the claimed 200 yards -RRB- . I ca n't imagine how other owners are making this work . I had to be within 20 feet with direct line of sight -LRB- no walls/windows between me and the dog -RRB- before the receiver would respond.Worse yet , I could be 10 feet away from our dog -LRB- who is furiously barking because someone rang the doorbell -RRB- , repeatedly pushing the button on the transmitter and nothing would happen . It seems like there 's a `` warm up '' period on the receiver and/or the transmitter so the first few button presses do n't do anything , which kind of defeats the purpose.Conclusion
 I bought two of these for my miniature poodles . To sum it up
 If you do not mind zapping your dog - this is a great product . But , my puggle puppy just broke my heart with the way that she reacted that I just could not continue to use this . The batteries died almost instantly.She cowered in the corner any time I wanted to put this collar on her and it just seemed to change her personality overnight.Overall - I hated this and for a dog lover - I just can not recommend it.For someone who does n't mind a dog screeching ... it is probably just what you are looking for .
 Do n't buy this product ! I bought it and used it just twice
 The 200 ' range that this lists is simply not true , it does not go 200 ' in the open , maybe more like 50 ' and it will not work through anything , not a wall , tree , or window . you have to run around with the remote trying to get close to your dog , by the time you can shock him you are close enough to touch him . My pom starts barking and running through the house like a mad man and this does not help me with that at all . There is no way I can catch up to him when he is being bad .
 Amazon did their part well . The collar came when is was supposed to and was packaged very well . The collar however , did not work , so I called the manufacturer . Very nice phone conversation , and after 13 days received a replacement , THAT DOES N'T WORK . Please , please do n't waste your money and time on this .
 Upon opening this product it was very hard to get it to work ... `` On '' button on collar had to be jiggled , remote unit buttons often had to be pushed multiple times for reaction , etc. . A friend had the same one and it worked flawlessly , so my unit is a lemon . I will be returning it .
 Batteries are stuck in the cap , I have had 4 people try to get them out . I called customer service and the agent , was condescending.Told me he `` bet I could get them out '' . Or I could purchase a new cap with batteries as it was an accessories item . If it is defective from the start it should be replaced free of charge .
 This did not work from day one . I did try everything new battery , I did exactly what the instructions ask me to and it still does n't work .
 This product is OK . I have had it for a year , and it no longer works . It worked pretty good , but it was inconsistent , and the build quality is not great . The button on the remote pushed through , the screw in battery holder is awkward and it stripped , the case itself needed to be taped together.It worked from a short range only . Most of the ones on the market will work 100ft min . This one was 20ft at best . I would recommend one from sportdog or another brand.If this was $ 50 , it would be worth it .
 this collar worked the first couple of times we used it , but after that . . nothing ... he did n't even turn and look at us .
 I was excited to try this collar on our Maltese dog we inherited . I am very disappointed as it has not deterred him one bit.Would like to return it , but not sure I 'm still in the allowable time frame . I really wanted it to work , so kept trying .
 I only used this for about a month tops on my pug who has short fur and it stopped working . We changed all the batteries and made sure the remote and the collar were synchronized and everything and it still did n't work . It never got wet or anything , it 's just a piece of crap . Spend the money to get something a little better that will actually work longer .
 Good product , but the price has gone up by $ 15 in the last month - no longer a good value . Any reason for the huge increase ?
 I own two of these kennels . The first one I bought 4 years ago and it was -LRB- and is -RRB- a quality product . I recently purchased the same product , a 36 '' Remington kennel and discovered that although the brand , size and color were the same , the quality did NOT seem as good . Specifically , the spring-loaded latch mechanism does not work as designed as requires an aggravating `` hand adjustment '' each time it is latched . The plastic seems lighter and less sturdy than the previous version although it is sufficient to contain a very active 4 month old labrador retriever . Overall , I am disappointed that the product seems `` flimsier '' than the previously version and I am very unhappy that the latch does not work properly . When I have to travel with my dogs , I select the older of the two kennels because I worry that the new one wo n't hold up as it is moved back and forth from the vehicle to the house . Had I seen it in person -LRB- rather than ordering online -RRB- I would not have purchased it . I did not contact the seller to attempt to resolve the problem . Just having to do that would aggravate me even further , so I just limit the use of the kennel and remain dissatisfied
 I bought this at gander mountain for 79.00 and saved the shipping cost . However after I purchased it the door spring latch immediately broke . I called the manufacturer and was told it had a know defect and they would ship me a repair kit . If you have a product that is defective and you know it you should not keep selling it without informing the public or fixing the issue , especially when it is something like the failure of the door latch that could cause safety issues with people and the animal . You have a responsibility to inform people who purchase this product that it is defective .
 I ordered this item as yes , the price was good and I thought Remington , must be a decent product . I liked that it had air vents on bottom as well as top , also liked that it was dark on bottom light on top , thought color was nice.The product took a long time to get here , longer than anticipated , with change in ship dates occuring three times . ordered from amazon thru the sportsmans guide who is someone I trust , however this item does n't ship directly from them but an outside vendor so keep that in mind.Product was packaged terrible with no packing foam , styrofoam or anything , taped shabbilly and boxes in bad condition.Product seemed to fair okay . Put together and was disappointed right off the bat at the flimsiness of the plastic . My pet porter vari kennel is a much thicker sturdier plastic.Goes together easier.This is not a vari-kennel I would ever use to actually ship a dog , way too flimsy . At times it looks to almost topple over if my dog leans one way . Not the rugged kennel for a large dog as it says.After two nights of use , one of the kennels developed a crack in the base starting at the bottom left hand of where door attaches . the crack goes along bottom curve/lip of bottom where it melds with side . Crack flexes and is sharp . again after two nights of use with a dog half the size of what the kennel is rated for.Very very disappointed in the quality of this kennel !!!! The door latch is a cheap quality also , again my pet porter , much better quality.After waiting a month I am sorry I bought these . Now I have to try and get this cracked one replaced when quite frankly I just wish I had gotten a different brand now !!!
 Thought this crate would be a good one for my 30lb Boston Terrier . My biggest concern was the door , but that proved not to be the case . Within 4 hours of being in the 28-Inch L by 21-Inch W by 22-Inch H Crate , he had chewed through the side . While the crate was the correct size for him , the plastic was not sturdy enough to keep him from chewing it apart . I would not recommend this crate for a dog that is determined to get out of a crate .
 Ordered this Remington Kennel in Intermediate size as I was happy with the large one I already have for another dog . Unfortunately they sent the wrong size fasteners -LRB- bolts -RRB- for this kennel . Bolts for a large size kennel were sent and would not fit in the slots to attach the top and bottom pieces together . Amazon quickly shipped a replacement kennel but when I received it the same size bolts were sent with the kennel , too large to fit in the slots . Not Amazon 's fault , but Remington as others have reviewed and noted the same problem . Amazon was very helpful in dealing with this issue . Would recommend the Large Remington Kennel but not the Intermediate size as both had to be returned because of the bolt issue .
 Can I give it zero stars ? Came with one of the connecting pins missing . Tried to call the manufacturer Kennel-Aire and they are out of business ! Did some research and found out they were bought by Doskocil Manufacturing in Arlington , TX . I called them and they played dumb and have been reluctant to provide replacement parts .
 We purchased this kennel last April for our 2YO Siberian Husky . Today it went into the trash . He had chewed at some of the plastic slats to the point where they were loose and he tried to get his snout through the opening , causing several cuts to his face . Yes , dogs will be dogs , but if you have an escape artist dog this kennel is not for you . I would also note that the manufacturer does not stand by this product .
 My puppy was crate trained in a smaller and much better quality crate but now that she 's larger we purchased the Remington X-large crate . I was disappointed with the quality of the crate from the beginning because our other crate was so much nicer -LRB- and no longer manufactured -RRB- that I had already lowered my expectations.But the door of this crate was always difficult to operate and now after only a few months of use , two of the metal washers bent and fell out of the door mechanism and the door jammed closed with the puppy trapped inside . I had to disassemble the crate to release her.DO NOT PURCHASE ... because replacement parts either do n't exist or are very difficult to find.After two trips to the hardware -LRB- take the door with you the first time -RRB- I found a larger , thicker , washer that worked and replaced all six because one of the washers on the other latch was already bending under the pressure . The door has cheap hardware and if you do , out of desparation , pop off the plastic cover on the door mechanism and replace the washers . The latch is operating much better now .
 We purchased this kennel and had to return it . The holes for the door did not align , so you could n't close the door and lock it . Disappointed .
 The item came with the wrong set of pieces . We were not able to connect the top to the bottom as the plastic pieces were too large to fit in the holes . We had to shave each plastic connector down -LRB- there were 11 of them -RRB- and hammer them through the holes to make it fit . I am extremely disappointed in amazon for selling this defective item . DO NOT BUY
 God , I hate this crate . Everything about it screams CHEAP ! It is a nightmare to put together and they seem to have built everything as thin and flimsy as they could possibly get away with . I ca n't see one of these crates lasting very long at all . ANY dog that really wanted to could get out of this . Heck , I could probably get out of it !
 I 've used these key collars from Staywell for several years . I 've put together probably 10 of these collar keys purchased from Moore Pet Doors with no problems at all . I ordered six from Amazon in January 2010 and they are all defective . The ring will not fit into the slot for the key . I took them to Zales Jewelry Store and they filed out the opening so that they now work.I did write to Staywell/Petsafe several times with no response . The phone number was in UK so I did n't call it . I think there has been a recent sale of the company.I should point out that except for this defect on these specific collar keys , the infrared door and collar are excellent .
 I recently purchased an infrared door , and had to deal with getting two of these keys ready for my cats . For some unknown reason , the metal ring that came with both of mine to attach the key to the cat 's collar was n't already attached to the key itself , and it DOES N'T fit the tiny opening on the key . I had to hunt down a smaller key ring for the first key and chop off part with wire cutters to even get it to fit , and I 'm sitting here staring at the second key and a gimp metal ring that wo n't work with it so I have no idea how I 'm going to actually attach this to the cat 's collar.Also , I was confused to see that there was a $ 10 difference between this key on Amazon and the yellow key ; who knows why blue was deemed such a valuable color that it requires a $ 10 difference .
 I have been using the Kids and Pets liquid products for years , so I was happy to see they had an aerosol product out . But once I got the product I was dissapointed . The smell is n't the same and it does not work near as well as the liquid . I love the product but would recommend you purchase the liquid instead of the aerosol .
 Kids 'N Pets put out some awesome products . This is not one of those . Whether it 's on rugs or carpet , I get better results using the regular Kids 'N Pets than this aerosol atrocity . The can sprays well , but that does n't mean anything if the solution you are spraying actually get messes out of your carpets . Save your money and buy what works - it 's not this product !
 I bought this in a hurry when one of my previous tie-out cables broke , figuring that so long as it was the right length and supported my dog 's weight it would be fine . I was sorely disappointed , literally . My wife and I have both managed to get dozens of paper-cut like incisions on our thumbs from the sharp , unfinished edges on the clasp release . The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is that it does at least hold my 70 + lb husky as advertised . I 'll be replacing this ASAP and will not be purchasing this again .
 Do n't let the picture fool you . This is NOT a 120 count bottle . I got screwed with the price . My bad . The bottle looks just like the 120 count and as you can see , they do n't state the count . Do n't be fooled !!!
 I bought this product a few months ago and have tried it a few times with the same results . It says that it should clear up within several hours , but it only makes the water more cloudy and never clears up . Whereas the water was cloudy before , after using this product , the water is so cloudy that the only solution is changing the water . Save your money . Crystal Clear works better and is usually less expensive .
 First it made my tank cloudy , it made my tank smell , and killed all my fish off Worst purchase ever
 There are still fleas all over the seven dogs even about a week after dipping and I did it a little strong . However , maybe I have some invicible crop of fleas as nothing seems to work , even what has worked in the passed like frontline plus and advantage . Cap star is the only thing that seems to work , as it makes the dogs start raining dead fleas , but it 's too expensive to use for long . I have in mind a few other things to try . Next I 'm going try comfortis , which I have been reluctant to do because of the long list of possible side effects , but I have to find something that will work .
 I had high hopes for this product given the reviews for it but I did not receive positive results . I treated my dog twice using this flea dip but it nothing to stem the problem - the fleas on my dog did n't die . I ca n't recommend this product .
 Our pointer pup was trained at about 6 months old on my parents ' system -LRB- petsafe , I think -RRB- . When we moved , we installed this system in the yard at our new house , and he understood the new boundary in a matter of minutes . The fence worked for awhile , but he has now come to realize that the shock does n't hurt very much and the system no longer contains him.Bottom line
 My 30 pound Puggle has no problem walking across the wire . I have tried it on myself and the product works but not with strength to stop a small/medium size dog .
 This is the first item I have ever returned to Amazon . When I got the product the box was beat up and looked like it had been opened before . The cable spool was in pieces , the AC adapter case was broken and had to be glued to stay on , the battery for the collar was dead , and the instructions were soiled . I do n't know if this product came straight from Amazon or one of their vendors , but it was in horrible shape , something you would find at a swap meet or a garage sale . I have no idea if this product works or not because I never actually got it to turn on since the battery was dead . After I returned this I went to Bass Pro Shop and bought a remote shock collar that works beautifully .
 We have one of these fences . It was good for establishing a boundary in our backyard and far away from the street that the dogs quickly learned to respect , but , then we built a real fence and disconnected this one . The problem was neighbors ' free-roaming dogs coming into our yard.The very worst thing about electronic fences is that , when you walk by others ' homes where there are these invisible fences , the dogs come charging out to the boundary line . it scares you to death . You do n't see the dog or know there 's an invisible fence until you see or hear the dog come charging . Sometimes the dogs stop a few feet away , but sometimes they cross over the curb . These fences ought not be used in city settings .
 Please understand this up front . I do not have any issues with the company . My review is based SOLELY on the product I purchased and I am in NO way indicating that it 's the same for all collars . I am not one to offer my input on items but I felt I really need to this time just so people are aware . Do not want anyone to lose a pet because I never spoke up . We bought this item from one of our local pet stores -LRB- paid too much but needed fence right away ... we have this habit of getting the animal and then say . . oh no we need ___ ... fill in the blank -RRB- Anyways we have had the product for about 2 months and have had the following issues1 . Had to replace the batteries twice .2 . Dog has figured out how to get past the fence3 . No way to tell when the battery in collar is going -LRB- this has also allowed dog to get past the fence -RRB- 4 . Testing system is very poor .5 . Instruction were terrible6 . Collar will keep loosening up causing probes to move to side or top of neck.We have also tested the collar on ourselves -LRB- if we can handle it then no way my dog is going to wear it -RRB- and I was concerned on the first day because I was almost on top of the wire BEFORE it shocked me and the wire is not buried yet . Anyways I took the tester provided and tested again and it appeared ok so we went on and started training our boy -LRB- dog not human -RRB- and for the first three or four weeks he was very respectful of the boundaries . Then the battery went dead and he went past boundary into the horse pen -LRB- no injuries ... he and the horse were licking each other -RRB- and that is the ONLY way we knew the battery was dead . So we put a new battery in it and had to replace it also . After 7 weeks he has managed to get past the fence several times and yet there have been times he has avoided the fence so I was thinking battery AGAIN !! But after testing battery it was fine and so we went back to testing it on ourselves . What I found was if I approached the fence -LRB- by the way I can NOT hear it unless I put it right up to my ear so I have to crawl like a dog -RRB- and walked into the beep and return away from fence then re-approch that the collar would not sound off or shock . Now this did not happen every time but it was enough . So based on my findings I believe our boy has figured this out as well so he will approach the line until alarm goes off ... back off ... return ... if it sounds he will back off and repeat this until the alarm does not sound and then goes thru the fence . So is this a flaw or a smart dog . I think it is both . Had the collar not malfunction he would never get past the sound . Anyways I am not real happy with the product and find that it may be well worth the money to check out other products as well . I would strongly recommend something that is rechargeable !! Sorry for rambling here and hope what I shared is helpful in your search.BTW ... the shock is not bad at all ... it startled me at first but that was it .
 Okay , I admit I did n't have enough patience to follow all the instructions on the DVD , which require methodological step-by-step training of the dog.It worked on my dog for the first few weeks , but somehow she figured out she can jump the fence by taking a little bit electric shock . Once this happened I could n't figure out how to reestablish her respect to the fence . Of course I could increase the signal intensity , but the fence would become much wider and it would limit my dog 's activity to a very small area , both indoor and outdoor -LRB- I wired the fence around my house -RRB- . I think I am going to sell this on craigslist .
 We bought this about a week ago , and it seemed to work for a few days but apparently my dog is too smart for it . He found where the wire went into the ground and dug it up . He pulled the entire wire out of the ground !!!! This may work well for small dogs , but apparently the shock did n't bother my 75 lb lab that much if he was able to be close enough to dig up the wire.I am giving this 2 stars instead of one because it may work well for a smaller dog that is more bothered by the shock .
 within a week my dog would go over the wire with no problems it was still shocking her but it was such a weak shock it did not affect her and i even put new batteries .
 Instructions are n't bad . DVD training video though looks like more trouble than my 77 year old Mom can deal with . She needed a sure fire manner to prevent her Mini Pin from digging out to go play with the two dogs next door and she had heard these work great and they probably do . But if you are a widow/divorced/single older woman or man that just ca n't get out for an hour every day for about 5-6 weeks to train your pooch with this system like my Mom , it just is n't going to work out . We are just going to spend additional money to sink some additional plastic fencing in below the ground line to create a bigger digging barrier . A real shame , if she had lived closer , we could help out with the training , but she moved to Florida to retire , we did n't . So we will get an RA # and ship this back !
 Innotek just does n't cut it . The collar worked for about 3 months but after a battery change it does n't affect the dogs anymore . I 'm getting current through the collar , I can hear the signal , but the dogs do n't show any response . Heck , they lay right down on the wire ! Since its beyond warranty I 'm out $ $ $ and looking for another solution .
 It worked - for a while.Customer service at Innotek is the pits . I felt like I was bothering in the guy on the phone.I had to call because my transmitter stopped working . If you read the warrentee , it is not covered for lightning stikes . One of the first questions is `` Could it have taken a lightning strike ? '' How would I know . The wire is in the ground outside . I guess it could have . Try to prove there was no lightning near by . I realize now it was not engineered to survive any near-by strikes so they will not cover the transmitter.When I asked if there was any options , he tried to sell me a $ 250 dollar system . No offer to fix it or replace it . Price for just the transmitter $ 60 + S/H . I am now looking for a different brand system for not much more . That way I will get a new transmitter and new collar and , hopefully , a friendly CUSTOMER service . . Yes , I will avoid this brand .
 This system worked great at first . However , once the batteries died in both of our dogs ' collars and we had to replace them , neither collar would work at all . Calling Innotek was useless . These collars lasted just over a year and since they were out of warranty the only thing they could do was give us a credit towards the purchase of new collars . They did not care that their product was defective . We will never buy another Innotek product again knowing that once the warranty has expired so does the usefulness of their product .
 Buyer Beware . I purchased this system , laid it out in my garden and turned it on . then I tried the collar on my own arm . It did shock me , but immediate the system went down and would not come back on.I called customer service and after lots of questions 20 minutes later I was told I needed a new transformer . They then had me email me receipt for purchase which I did . But BECAUSE I PURCHASED IT ON AMAZON `` WE CAN NOT VERIFY YOUR VENDOR '' AND THEY REFUSED TO REPLACE IT . THEN AMAZINGLY I WHEN I SAID OK I 'LL JUST PAY FOR A REPLACEMENT , THEY SAID NO THAT WAS AGAINST THEIR POLICY !!! SO I AM STUCK C NO WAY TO FIX THE PROBLEM !!
 The fence worked great . Bought in Dec 2009 . Installed in Jul 2010 . Had to replace collar battery in Apr 2011 . Never worked again . A professional electrician checked the system and everything -LRB- transmitter , ground wire , ac adapter , collar battery -RRB- tested ok . Also , did the 10 ' loop test . The manual says this meant the collar was bad . Customer service was friendly , and charged about $ 30 for a replacement collar since it was out of the 1-yr -LRB- that 's what ` limited-lifetime ' means -RRB- warranty . The new collar came , but did n't work . The ac adapter had now failed . I replaced that . Then the transmitter failed .
 This product is plagued by breakdowns . The collar has broken 3 times in the first 6 months . First , the probes in the collar fell off . New collar , $ 56.00 , long prongs , $ 9.95 , overnight shipping , $ 15.00 . Then our dog pulled the reciever off of the collar . New collar , $ 56.00 , long prongs , $ 9.95 , overnight shipping , $ 15.00 . Then the cap on the battery came off . New cap , $ 9.95 , new battery , $ 8.95 , $ 15.95 for overnight shipping . If you have a long haired dog like I do , you have to buy the longer probes extra every time you replace the collar . The product was expensive enough to begin with without paying an extra $ 40 - $ 50 dollars every time you turn around . I would try a different manufacturer next time , maybe invisa-fence . Even if it is more expensive up front , it would probably be cheaper in the long run .
 I have an English Bulldog who absolutely loves to eat our privacy fence so that she can say hello to our two neighbors ' dogs . After about a year of cage training , yelling , and irritation over chunks of fence being torn apart , I decided to purchase this fence for the affordable price . Bad idea ... I spent about two hours installing it and once complete I tested the collar and it worked ! My dog got a taste of the zap for two days and by the third day she was used to it and now she passes through as if nothing were happening . I love my dog to death but no offense ... I need a product that is going to give her a zap she wont forget.So if you read all of the other reviews that gave five stars because their fence worked for their 3 lb lap dog than know that that 's the product 's limit .
 Collar failed within two years , rarely used after dog was trained . Remote activator failed in second year , and used maybe twice . There is no excuse for making electronics that fail this quickly.Warranty is only for one year . They must know what they doing .
 After researching the best way to keep my stupid dog off our lawn I went with the Innotek SD-2000 . Followed the directions to the letter . Works great the first day but went through a battery . When I called in I was told that 's common for the first couple batteries as the stupid dog is learning the boundaries . On the 3rd day the collar did not beep at all ... 2 weeks later I had gone through 10 batteries , yes 10 . So all in all it may be a good product for really large yards -LRB- 1/2 acre + -RRB- but I ca n't imagine this works well otherwise ...
 Well , let me get started . It all begins with NOT MADE IN THE USA and made in the communist state of China!It was cheap -LRB- I give them that -RRB- because they can afford to pay nothing for the labor , and I wasted my time and money
 I bought one of these colorful dog bowls several months ago for my 35lb dog . It 's quite pretty , lovely bright colors , but it does n't last like other ceramic dog bowls I have purchased in the past from other companies.The paint has chipped off around the entire edge . I worry that my dog may have ingested some of these paint chips . It is really a shame too , because these dishes have good weight and are very pretty . I will never buy another one nor do I recommend these bowls for anyone who intends to use them to feed their pets from .
 I bought this in a hurry when one of my previous tie-out cables broke , figuring that so long as it was the right length and supported my dog 's weight it would be fine . I was sorely disappointed , literally . My wife and I have both managed to get dozens of paper-cut like incisions on our thumbs from the sharp , unfinished edges on the clasp release . The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is that it does at least hold my 70 + lb husky as advertised . I 'll be replacing this ASAP and will not be purchasing this again .
 Faulty timer causing the feeder to deliver over 5 lb of food into the pond in 24 hours killing all my Koi . I tested the unit and retested it and sometimes it would work and other times would not . I followed the steps carefully that warned how not to have the unit run non stop . Other reviews also showed that there was problems with the timer . I expected more from a $ 180 feeder . My family is devasted !
 I was very excited to find this product . Now I would be able to leave town and not have to worry about whether or not the dog sitter made their stop every day . The timer was easy to program and the instructions were straight forward.I tested the Ergo feeder indoors to get the timer set for the right number of feedings for my dogs . I needed a metered feeder because these dogs would empty a regular gravity feeder in no time.After a week of testing , I went through a 3 hour installation setting the feeder up four feet off the ground and under the cover of a five foot eve , outdoors but under cover . It worked fine for just over two weeks . Then it jammed . Now it wo n't work for more than a minute or two without jamming . The problem is with the auger drive . I think it has plastic drive gears inside so even if the manufacturer replaced the drive unit , the same problem would happen again . Despite the time invested testing and installing this product , it has to go back .
 I purchased this product a few of years ago . Initially it seemed to be a good product . It lasted for several months , and then the problems set in .1 -RRB- The dispensing bowl is attached to the reservoir bowl by two plastic nuts that thread onto two threaded plastic shafts extending from the dispensing bowl . There is also a small plastic tube that extends from the dispensing bowl , and fits into a receptacle in the reservoir bowl body . The tube is sealed to the receptacle by two small recessed O-rings . These O-rings are junk . During assembly the O-rings will twist and bind against each other preventing a good seal . Which in turn , will result in an empty waterer and a flooded floor ? - My fix , use a food grade silicone to seal the tube to the receptacle . Problem solved ; no big deal .2 -RRB- The filters that are used with this unit are also complete junk . They are a multi-layered filter , with each layer of filtration `` supposedly '' providing a beneficial purpose . However , this filter frequently becomes clogged . The first layer of filtration is a particulate screen ; good in concept - bad in implementation . The useable surface area of this screen is less than an inch in diameter , so any debris -LRB- usually food particles and hair -RRB- that falls into the reservoir bowl will clog this filter fairly quickly . It usually takes about a week to clog it up . Once it becomes clogged , the water no longer flows . Well , so much for filtered water .3 -RRB- An easy way to unclog the filter is to back-flush it . Weekly back-flushing will extend the filter life for about a month before it has to be replaced . The filters originally came four to a pack , then three to a pack , now only two to a pack , but the price has never decreased . Ok , blame it on inflation . -LRB- Greed ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- The pump actually seems to be quite hardy . It has never had a problem . However , the water flows into the pump before it passes through the filter . This arrangement causes debris to get caught around the impeller of the pump -LRB- mainly hair -RRB- , and the water flow slows down to a crawl . - My fix , remove the pump from the reservoir bowl , dissemble the pump , remove and clean the impeller , and reassemble . Well , so much for unattended watering .5 -RRB- The original reservoir bottle was made from a fairly durable plastic , and it lasted about two years ; then once again my floor began to flood repeatedly . This time the problem was problem much harder to diagnose . The reservoir bottle developed a small crack underneath the screw-on lifting handle . The cracked reservoir bottle could no longer sustain a vacuum , and would empty its contents as fast as the air can flow in through the crack . I tried to seal the crack using the food grade silicone , but unfortunately the silicone would begin to leak as well . So , I ordered a replacement reservoir bottle .6 -RRB- The replacement reservoir bottle was made from a thin flexible plastic . I initially assumed the thin flexible plastic was an upgrade to make the bottle more resistant to cracking . Wrong . About 2 months after I replaced the bottle , my floor began to flood once again . This time the flooding was very infrequent , and I thought perhaps my pets were just being messy . I did n't even suspect the new bottle was cracked until my floor was once again flooded regularly . Once I discovered the crack under the screw-on lifting handle I called Ergosys , and requested a warranty replacement for the bottle . I was told even though the product was clearly defective and that it should n't have cracked , I would have to purchase a new bottle because , the 1 year warranty had expired yesterday . -LRB- Yes , that was the final straw and impetus for this review -RRB- 7 -RRB- There is a removable centering device for the bottle . It resides in the reservoir bowl , and helps guide and support the bottle into place during bottle installation . This centering device is another piece of junk . It cracks more frequently than the bottle . The cracks seem to have little effect on the performance of the waterer , but why is it cracking in the first place?Despite the good rating from other reviewers , I would caution against relying on this unit to provide prolonged unattended watering for your pets -LRB- a week if your lucky -RRB- . Furthermore , I definitely would NOT recommend using this unit near a wooden floor or carpeting ; it is simply too prone to flooding the floor.I do not own the large pet waterer , but it stands to reason the large and medium pet waterers may also be prone to these same problems.Buyer beware !
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . Now that I 've changed her food , no more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor , which were all behaviors she adopted while eating Science Diet . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 I think the ingredients in this food speak for themselves - cheap filler & byproducts supplemented with vitamins . After doing a tiny amount of research on cat nutrition I was absolutely disgusted with myself for feeding this food to my cat for over 3 years . I am also disgusted that so many veterinarians have apparently been bought off by the Hill 's company.This Science Diet formula 's first 8 ingredients :1 - Brewers rice
 Check the first 4 ingredients
 I took my 10 year old cat in to the vet today for his yearly check up . Turns out my cat is the picture of health , but needs to drop about 2 pounds . The vet recommended I switch my cat over to this cat food . I checked it out at the store , but after reading the ingredients I thought this ca n't be right . First , its labeled for cats up to 6 years old , second it appears to be jammed will fillers , and third , its rather pricey . I 'm glad I came home and started researching this product and reading about others experiences with this food , and I 'm definitely not feeding this stuff to my cat !
 I used this a few times and did n't do a thing for my dogs ears . Wasted money on this one .
 I bought this bed for my badly arthritic dog thinking it was portrayed by the company as athickly stuffed cuddle bed . It is NOTHING like that . As the dog gets in and out the whole bed rolls and tilts as if it is on uneven surface . No matter where I put it the dogs wo n't lay in something that rolls everytime they move an inch . I would NOT recommend this type of bed at all .
 I bought this cat food as per the breeders recommendation with out checking out the history of the food.My sweet kitten started throwing up this food , i checked every aspect of my kittens heath and changed his foodand he was find , no longer vomiting . he had been eating it since he could eat dry food and then , I think something in it buids up in his system and then every day and night about 30 mins after he eats he becomes sick . He was still playfull and I was not about to wait until he became really ill . I 've stopped giving him this food and he 's has n't been sick since so buyer beware , this company was part of the recall in 2008 .
 Our Dachsund did not like this at all . She would not eat anything that we put it on - even steak .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 My dog wo n't use it . The fabric is almost rubbery . Best thing to do is just spend the money to go to a pet store so u know what u r buying - u can see it in person .
 Bed is pretty comfortable and a good size . But the fact that it is so large makes it impossible to put into the washing machine . Not going to go through the trouble of taking it to the laundromat , so , unfortunately , I `` ll be buying a new one and throwing this one out .
 My Jack Russell Terrier or Terror as we refer to him loves new balls especially those that bounce irregularly . This ball was just too hard to play with inside and even a little big for our 17 lb dog . Really disappointed with this toy .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 I used this product as a gravy to get my older dog to be a bit more interested in his food . He like it and ate his food -LRB- which was our goal -RRB- . After a few days , he has gotten pretty sick with stomach problems resulting in an expensive vet visit . Just be careful when trying the product because I am guessing some dogs can not tolerater this sauce .
 I specifically ordered this retractable leash because it said it was a `` tape '' leash . Before it was shipped I emailed the company and asked them to let me know for sure this was indeed a `` tape '' leash and NOT a `` cord '' leash , as I did NOT want a `` cord '' leash . They emailed me back assuring me it was a `` tape '' leash.Well , guess what I got ? There is about a foot of `` tape '' on first part of the leash , the rest of the 15 feet or so is `` CORD '' !! I emailed them and told them I got the `` cord '' leash and they wrote back and said that is the one I ordered ! Now if you look at the ad for this , it says `` TAPE '' leash ... . I will NEVER order anything from this company again !
 This is a pretty good cot , but alot of the time , the tent part falls off and does n't do too well in wind or rain . A person would be much better off with a dog igloo and a dog house .
 First time using dried foods for the beardies , found that this product was a waste of money . i have two beardies with 2 completely different eating habits and neither would pay attention to it . they love the other dried food i bought by a more popular brand with dried mealworms and crickets , they eat that all day but this is just pellets like you feed the chickens at the zoo . poor quality and no attrative smell for them .
 Although I like the idea of this product , my cats hated it . One is very picky , so no surprise there , but the other eats anything ! He was meowing and excited but when I put the bowl down he sniffed it and reared his head back and completely snubbed it . I ca n't tell you how shocked I was by his reaction . I ordered it direct from the company , so it was n't spoiled . I have to give it 1 star because neither of my cats would touch it .
 these treats were a good idea however , they have no smell , and my dog is not interested in them at all , i suggest a stronger flavor
 My dog loves to chew on these , but dang , they give her the worst gas I 've ever smelled in my life , and it goes on for hours . They probably do n't cause the same reaction in all dogs , but I wo n't buy them anymore .
 Amazon had an older picture of this product online . There were more in each package that was pictured and different types . What I ordered and what I got were different . What I got was overpriced for what it was .
 China recently refused to let the FDA inspect pet treat manufacturing facilities . -LSB- ... -RSB- There is no inspection , legal system , or quality control to make sure you do not give your pet toxic rawhide if the rawhide is made in China . There are other treats on Amazon that are American or European made -- buy those.I threw out the rawhide rounds and cut pieces of US-made , no toxic chemicals rawhide into rounds to slide on this . I put edible toothpaste -LRB- liver flavor -- yum ! yum ! -RRB- on the bristles . It is keeping my dogs ' teeth much , much cleaner . Great product , but dangerous to give your dog rawhide from China . Over 6000 pets have died just from jerky treats alone .
 The retractable action on this flexi leash is not strong enough , often causing a delay or sagging of the cord when you want it to take up some slack . This makes walking my dog extremely tedious , and dangerous . I also use a lightweight rubber extension to cushion the impact of a ` strong walker ' -LRB- dog that pulls hard or makes a break for a rabbit , bird , etc. -RRB- , and this flexi leash can not handle it . The sagging occurs whether I use the extension or not , but is much worse with the extension . Flexi should manufacture these retractable leashes with a stronger springing action to make them more functional in the real world . I am hoping my pet retailer will take it back and refund me .
 I have plenty of experience with freshwater and when I decided to make the jump to saltwater , this seemed like an ideal practice aquarium , I was wrong . First off it is very unwieldy and water just does n't really like to go inside it or once there , come out . The filter is strong -LRB- when it actually works at all -RRB- for a tank that size and so is the lighting . I have had it for 4 months and I still ca n't put any fish in it because of the massive algae infestation that I had to get under control due to the excessivly strong lighting . 2 months later with the help of a lot of snails and hermit crabs the algae is now gone , but the filter has just died on me and is going to be a nightmare to replace . I 'm sure that it will work great if I can get it to work properly , but I am really starting to wish that I just went with a traditional aquarium setup .
 I bought this tank from our local aquarium store when I decided to switch from my bettas to something a little more high maintenence . Despite my reservations about its weight -LRB- even empty -RRB- , the tank seemed great at first -- built in filter , built in heater and light , great design.Then came time to do a full water change.When this batch of fish dies , I will be throwing this tank in the trash . It is too unwieldy to work with it at all . After siphoning the majority of the water from the tank , I tried to tip the tank to get the last of the water and to start scooping out the rocks . Not only was it hard to find a place to grip , the tank itself was almost too heavy to move , let alone tip and maneuver.My recommendation is to just by a normal tank and all the accessories . This one just is n't worth the hassle .
 This does n't even work ! I put in the ammonia alert and it said safe , then I measured it with the strip test and it said 4ppm ! I was so close to losing my fish , do n't buy this bad quality American product !
 It really does n't work . Perhaps the ones you buy in a store will , but this one I bought online certainly does n't . Yes , if you hold it over a bottle of windex that gets it to change color , but in my tank when the ammonia level rises , and is confimed with regular test tube kits , this alerter does n't change color at all . Would not buy again
 I have owned $ 7K reef aquariums for many years with zero fish deaths except to old age , grown corals , had lots of difficult freshwater fish as well , etc. . I have been in the fish hobby for a long time . I swear to you , this device does not work . I bought this to help me monitor the cycling of my newest tank and I knew my tank had high ammonia just from looking at the tank and the little disk in the middle of this test was white -LRB- lighter than the yellow `` safe '' color -RRB- . I poured tons of food into the tank hoping to get ammonia to rise ... I then poured pure ammonia into the tank and this test DID NOT CHANGE AT ALL . When I held the test over a bottle of ammonia , it did ... finally . . change color . It does not work adequately and your fish will suffer and/or die if you rely on this .
 Does not work . Tank went through entire cycle with no change in color ... Since a cycle takes longer that the return policy I am stuck ...
 I also found it not to work at all . Luckily I tested the water with strips and found out before I lost any fish . Not recommened at all .
 I put this in my 16 gal tank , which is overcrowded , and the fish are in the process of being moved to a 30 gal . When I took off the plastic strip , the center circle was gray and stayed gray for the three days it was in the tank . Gray is not a color that 's supposed to be on the color scale , it goes from yellow -LRB- low -RRB- to blue -LRB- high -RRB- . It was supposed to stabilize after a few hours and give a reading . Two days in , the tank clouded badly and I did a liquid test that showed high pH and ammonia very high , but the sensor never changed from gray . I held it over a bottle of ammonia and it turned blue , then poured vinegar on it and it turned yellow , both of which make sense , since the good and bad ammonia are in equilibrium and the bad stuff ca n't exist at low pH , but dominates at high pH. I got this from Seachem 's website . I rinsed it in tap water and put it back in the tank and did a nunber of small water changes followed by two half changes over a few hours to get the ammonia down . The liquid test showed ammonia reduced to almost tap water levels , but the sensor was still gray . I missed a few days of partial water changes because I thought I could rely on the sensor and the result is I have a Platy and an Oto lying on the bottom of my tank trying valiantly to come back . Looking at the distribution in the reviews -LRB- lots of 5 's and lots of 1 's -RRB- I get the impression that some of these sensors work and some do n't , which is probably the worst case you could have . With all the great technical information Seachem presents , I wish they would fix this thing to give the impression they actually use some of their technical expertise to produce consistent sensors .
 I used this product to help with my fishless cycle . The readings were way off . Its ok to use as a supplement but I would n't use it as my only means of ammonia detection .
 I used this product in two freshwater tanks . In both tanks , it continually reported safe water conditions . One tank was new and the water had to go through its cycle process . When I tested the tanks using a chemistry test , the new tank was dangerously high and the established tank readings were just a little high . At the time of these tests these alert products were reporting safe water conditions.I have also tested my water with other ammonia test strips as well as liquid chemical tests . The most accurate test results seem to come from the liquid tests.I highly discourage the use of this product !
 I listened to a store clerk and purchased this item even though I knew I should use the tried and true method of testing my water every day with a new tank.I also purchased some bacteria to put in my new set up . Normally I dont work this way and it lulled me into a false sense of security that my tank had cycled faster than normal when the ammonia alert never indicated any ammonia in my tank and I went on to purchase a few more fish - a few more days and no ammonia - great - a few more fish and then disaster strick - the fish started acting as though they had ammonia poisening . I took my water to have it tested . 6.0 mg/L and NOTHING showed on this alert - it was still yellow.If you value your fish -LRB- and your sanity -RRB- just test your water and dont take short cuts.This product does not work - I only lost 3 fish - but that was 3 fish too many and Im sure they would have preferred that I had tested the water and not relied on this !
 I had a similar experience as E. A. Bujak `` bbujak '' . I saw this in stores and found it cheaper on Amazon through one of their sellers . I checked the chemical levels before putting doing a regular water change and putting in the Ammonia Alert sensor , everything was where it normally is before doing a change -LRB- slightly elevated PH nitrites , nitrates , and ammonia -RRB- . The next day I checked the levels again , and they were where they normally are after a regular water change . A week went by and the Ammonia Alert never changed color , so I did my regular change and did n't test , thinking everything was OK . Another week goes by and I notice my tank critters starting to act odd , and one fish missing the tips of it 's fins . I checked the levels and there were high nitrites , nitrates and ammonia-but the sensor had never changed color to warn me , at all . The sensor came out immediately and I did daily water changes until all the chemical levels went back to where they should be , and gradually increased the time between changes back to weekly changes as the levels stayed where they should be . I tested the sensor by holding it over an open bottle of ammonia , as per the instruction on the package , and there was zero change . Neither Seachem or the seller or Amazon would stand behind this product that put my fish in danger.The only thing I trust to leave in my tank and give me accurate real-time readings is the thermometer.This review may only be legally shown directly on Amazon.com
 DOES . NOT . WORK.The only time this crappy expensive piece of plastic will detect ammonia is if you hold it over a bottle of ammonia -LRB- to test it like it says on the package -RRB- . If you value your fish , DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!! I thought I could save some money -LRB- since this lasts for a year and test kits wo n't necessarily -RRB- getting this when I saw it at petsmart and protect my fish . BIG MISTAKE . It does n't work , AT ALL , missed a large ammonia spike and nearly lost all my fish.The idea was nice.The product , sh ** .
 Save your money and just go with the regular water testing strips . It 's not only cheaper , but it also works . The label says that it takes a few days for it to adjust and give out accurate readings , but I 've had it since last week and it still reads `` alarm '' . I , panicked , kept constantly changing 25 % of the water and after a few days of this with no change in the reading I decided to bring out my strips and use those . Sure enough my water quality was n't lacking and is just fine . So I would n't trust this product . It would be nice if it was effective but it has n't been proven anything to me .
 I got this feeder from Target about one year ago because it is the cheapest feeder that I can got in my area . It did its job well until several months later when I found out there were several colonies of mold grew in its red chamber.Since its chamber is sealed , I can only try to clean those mold from the hole on top . Well , even with the tiny brush , I still could not reach every conner that is molded ... . It would take about 5-10 mins for me to clean it every time , and still can not clean it 100 % .
 This hummingbird feeder looked good , seemed to be built well , had an ant moat and a wonderful mounting loop . After two weeks in service it was crawling with bees . They drained it dry . Upon inspection it was obvious that the joint on the top and bottom halves of the feeding station portion of the feeder had not been glued or sealed properly . The bees were drinking the nectar from that leaking joint . I 'll try re-gluing the joint . Very disappointing .
 Received it with one of the white port covers missing . Figured it was n't worth making a big deal because it would not affect the function of the feeder . But I found out that without it , it allows bees and wasps access and once they are in , they ca n't get out . It does not come apart , which I knew from the reviews and figured I would find a way to clean it anyway , but I ca n't get the dead bees and wasps out of it now . So , guess this will be going to the trash . I have n't seen ONE hummingbird feed from it anyway and they always attack my feeders . This turned out to be a disappointment .
 I bought this for my dog last July and it started coming apart at the seams of the ` patchwork ' top in just a couple of months . I turned it over and in no time flat , a torn place appeared on the solid back fabric . It 's very , very thin cheap fabric . The lining on the inner pad is very , very thin , cheap muslin and came apart as the outer fabric was coming apart . It 's been ready for the garbage with green fiber-fill everywhere . I got mine , at Amazon on sale for $ 23 , because it is so very pretty . If they came along for under $ 10 , I might order another one because they 're so soft and pretty and comfortable for my very old Rottweiler 's bones - and she loved it so she 's very disappointed , too . She messes with it seemingly trying to fix it ... it 's sad . I can tell you this , if I 'd paid one cent more for it , I 'd have returned it right then and there the day it was delivered !
 This bed was great-looking , my dog loved it ... until I had to wash the cover . Under gentle , the patchwork all came apart . What dog bed does NOT have to be washed ??? She 's now lying on the inside part & is just as happy . Me , not so much .
 although blanket is quite and my puppy loves it ... . the price was only $ 1 but by the time you pay shipping it came to $ 8 . I think $ 8 is too expensive for a blanket the size of a hankerchief .
 This toy is pretty cute , but after my 7 month old puppy had played with it for about 5 minutes -LRB- at most -RRB- , the head fell off . She is not a destructive dog ; actually , this is the first toy she has broken . The head did not tear , it just fell right off the blanket !
 LIKE THE OTHER REVIEWER SAID . . IT LITERALLY IS THE SIZE OF A LG HANKERCHIEF ... SOMEONE SAID ITS ROUGH ? IT DEF IS NOT ROUGH ... MY FIRST BEAGLE WHO I BOUGHT FOR 2 1/2 YRS AGO . . PLAYED WITH THE HEAD A LITTLE . . IT REALLY JUST SAT AROUND ... THEN THIS PAST JAN 2011 I GOT A 5 MOS OLD BEAGLE ... SHE FOUND IT AND SHOOK IT AROUND THREW IT IN THE AIR AND PLOP . . THE HEAD CAME OFF ... BUT THE BLANKET STILL IS LAYING WITH ALL THE TOYS , , , BUT SHE STILL LOVES PLAYING WITH THE HEAD ... WHEN ... I GO AND GET IT AND PLAY FETCH . . ITS HER FAV . . IF IM NOT INVOLDED . . THE HEAD ... JUST LAYS THERE LOL SHE DOESNT PLAY WITH ... BUT ITS HOLDING UP SO FAR WITH OUR PLAY TIMES ...
 I really did n't realize that it 's a very very small blanket ... and my puppy is only 3 pounds . Not happy with it .
 I was n't expecting much for the $ 6 I paid but this was still disappointing . The material is kind of rough and it 's very small like a handkerchief .
 I switched to this from Eukanuba because my 3 year old cat was getting constant itching . Well , after a little over two weeks on this food , both cats developed diarrhea that got progressively worse over time.I went out and got Eukanuba lamb and rice and both cats got better within two days.I had high hopes for this one but it made my cats sick .
 Biggest piece of Junk I have bought for my aquariums . Very disappointing since most of my equipment is from PENN PLAX and I have been pleased in the past . However this item causes too much stress on mother and babies leading to death of mother , babies or all . It is MUCH SMALLER than pictured or quoted . Not worthy of ONE STAR . Would send back but not worth the shipping.PLEASE AVOID AT ALL COST !
 The product description states this `` is a completely automatic system '' that `` creates a constant circulation . '' That is not even remotely true . This unit is simply a set of two very small , connected tanks that creates no circulation of any kind . If you want the water to circulate , and thus do what this product is supposed to do , you will have to purchase and attach a separate pump . Unfortunately , there 's very little guidance on what kind of pump to purchase or how to hook it up . You will also need a gang valve , a check valve , and several sections of tubing , but , again , there 's little in the included instructions to help you -LRB- not even an illustration of the final assembled unit -RRB- . Based on the misleading product description , and the fact that this item is completely useless without them , a pump with valves and tubing clearly should have been included with this set . A great idea that was very poorly executed . That being said , if you purchase the additional four items and get everything hooked up properly , it works fairly well .
 After 2 months , this bottle rusted where the metal meets the plastic bottle . Not recommended . This used to be a good brand but in recent years , their bottles leak or rust quickly .
 We bought 4 mice and love watching them rock around their wheel . It 's cool . They are small critters though and seem to be nearly unable to get any water out of this bottle . It does n't leak , it has the opposite problem . It appears they may not have enough bulk/girth/weight to move the little ball enough to get any water flow . When we squeeze the water bottle such that drips form on the end , the mice come running and chug , chug , chug ! I mean all four sit there and drink like they have never drank before ! So I have little to no confidence these mice are getting the water they need to thrive . I even reduced the amount of water in the bottle to decrease downward pressure on the ball at the end but I 'm still not sure they can get any water . We are so glad we got the mice , and when we get tired of them we can let them out and run around and play with our cat ! OK , I 'm kidding :--RRB- So I may just take this bottle back to the pet store . I would not recommend purchasing this water bottle if you have little mouseys .
 Mine did not come with a hanger for it . You can hardly see if there is any water in it due to the blue color . Water continuously leaks from it . These bottles are cheaply made and ridiculously flimsy . I do not recommend them at all !!
 I was searching for a bottle of this type for my guinea pigs . I came across this 8 oz bottle , it said that it was $ 21 something and I 'd save 45 % at that price . So . . I was curious of what exactly they had listed under guinea pigs - so I searched that . SAME type of blue bottle - 16 oz - for $ 2.89 !!!! Both said they were new . What 's going on ??????? Sounds like either someone is lying or someone is trying to make a few bucks on a water bottle ! Looks like I wo n't be ordering one off of Amazon !
 We were purchasing this food regularly for our four cats , mainly because one cat has a sensitive stomach and this was the only grocery store brand that sat well with him . Last year we got a bag of food that looked darker than usual . The cats would n't eat it . We purchased another bag and it was fine . The next bag again looked darker ; the cats ate it , but all four vomited it up immediately after eating it . Again , we purchased a new bag where the food was the same color we were used to and the cats were fine . I hesitate to admit this , but I did test the bag of darker food and , again , it made the cat who tried it sick.It was obvious that the food was bad , so I called Purina . They insisted that nothing was wrong with their food . They wanted to send me coupons for free food instead . I asked to please make a record of this food being bad -- I offered to send the leftover kibble to them , I tried to give the customer service woman the bag code , but she refused to do anything . She flat out said she would not take the batch code down because nothing was ever wrong with their food . When I got off the phone , I made a copy of the code from the bag and sent a letter , but never received a response.When I called the grocery store , I got the manager who said they had already removed the food from the shelves because of so many complaints . He said they would send the food back to Purina . Because of the cat with the sensitive stomach , I kept buying Purina Sensitive Systems and spent 6 months checking the batch codes to make sure we did n't get another bad bag . Figuring that the situation had resolved , I stopped checking bag codes , only to find out the hard way the grocery store had not sent the food back to Purina but instead quietly put the bad food back on the shelves . That time only one cat ate the food , but he vomited so much there was blood in it . We took him to the vet and while there realized it was probably the food again , and sure enough , the batch code matched the previous bag that had made all the cats sick . -LRB- As far as I know , the cats did not have permanent health problems because of this food . -RRB- I highly recommend avoiding this brand . We have had cats for 20 years and have used 3 brands regularly during that time ; Purina is the only one that has caused this kind of problem .
 I was giving my cats the Purina minerals for years and years however one of my cats started vomiting and I felt I needed to get something different for her sensitive stomach . I tried the Purina One Sensative and it seems to work a bit better . My cats really prefer the friskies pt&eacute; now to the dry . I 'm afraid they 're spoiled and I will try to push the dry food more . Pretty good product.UPDATE
 I 've been searching for a healthier cat food lately and decided to try this one when I saw it at the grocery store . Our cats have always eaten any cat food we gave them - until this one . Two of our three cats acted like there was no food in front of them at all , while the third cat took a single piece of the food in her mouth and dropped it back into the bowl . I finally ended up running to a pet store and buying Blue Buffalo Longevity for cats -LRB- which they had also never had before -RRB- and when I opened the Blue Buffalo bag they all came running and ate it immediately . There is something wrong with this Newman 's Own cat food !
 I carefully researched `` natural '' brands of cat food and decided Newman 's had the best ingredient list of all the competitors out there . They did n't have questionable ingredients like Wysong , and some other `` natural '' companies that I would never buy . I was happy to find an organic cat food and began switching my cats over from a high quality , but not organic , commercial cat food . All of my cats except one seemed to prefer the taste of the Newman 's , while the one cat tried to refuse it . So , no real problems there . However , like some other people have mentioned , my cats began to throw up . A lot.I am very concerned about the digestibility of this cat food . My cats are not throwing up hairballs - they are throwing up the food which looks like it hardly broke down , if at all , in their digestive track.Also , you have to feed larger quantities of Newman 's to get the same amount of vitamins to your cat that are supplied in smaller servings of brands like Iams . So , do n't compare this to another brand pound-for-pound . I have never tried the Newman 's canned cat food , but perhaps cats would have an easier time keeping it down.I was very careful in switching my cats over to a new brand , which should n't be a health issue if the brand truly IS `` high quality , '' so I have grave concerns about this dry cat food . I was really hoping I had found an organic brand that my cats would eat for the rest of their lives.My cats have never had problems like this before -LRB- they are all around 4-years-old -RRB- and I feel horrible that I made them sick by trying to give them what I thought would be a healthier food.I would n't recommend this dry food to anyone .
 My birds did not like the Wafer Crisps . I tried giving them to my friends dogs and they did n't even want them and those dogs eat anything and everything .
 I was hoping for a brush that I could carry in my bag without it getting caught up in leashes and other stuff . But the pins do not retract fully into the brush and actually the lever broke about the fourth time I used it . The material is cheap .
 What can I say , must be my dog is too strong on the toy . She is a Lab . and has a tendency to destroy stuffs .
 What I was sent was not what is pictured . Not even close . My dog killed it in five minutes . Do not waste your money . Buyer Beware !
 This 40 '' Bagel Donut Dog Pet Bed is advertised for dogs that are 45 - 70 lbs . Our shepherd-mix dog , who weighs 55 lbs , could could not stretch out at all in this bed . The only way she would have been able to use it would be to curl up the entire time . After calling the company , I received a terse email that stated I would need to ship the bed back at my cost , receive no shipping reimbursement , and that if there were any evidence that the dog had even tried the bed , they would return the bed to me at my expense .
 i am disappointed with this product . Too expensive and clearly designed for ease of production and not for your animal.The filler is all center mass . The sowing that holds the filler is sewn in at the base . So one matter that size dog , the dog will be laying on a lump . Other positive reviews I saw must have been written by the vendor .
 Seems like every year I begin my search anew for a great dog bed . Bought this one last year , and while my dog does love it -LRB- she 's a good dog , she 'll sleep in whatever I give her -RRB- , I would not recommend this bed to others for one reason
 First off , the bed is GREAT . my dog loves it . it 's just a shame it 's only available from this company . I ordered the wrong size okay my mistake and tried to contact the company to go about the return process . took forever to get through to the company , do n't even BOTHER emailing because they sure as hell do n't bother emailing back . I called again and finally a response . it costs me a fortune to mail the bed back for return . I wait for a solid week til after the tracking conf says they received to give them a call with a ` hey whats up with the status of my refund ' . well no response . i tried a few more times and then finally a response . a NASTY email from this Elena Peters person . well i 'm still waiting for a refund to show up somewhere . maybe a more detailed explanation other than : `` You ` vehaditsinceMay17th . `` would be appropriate . anywho . if you buy the bed and encounter a problem with it , BEWARE the -LRB- insert nasty word -RRB- s who work there .
 It 's too bad I had to even enter one star for this product . It was a total waste of money . Not only was the product worthless , the service was horrible ! When they over charged shipping -LRB- they claimed by mistake -RRB- it took way to long to get my money back and in order to return product I had to pay to ship it back which was about half the cost of the bed . The bed lost it 's great shape before my little pup even got in it . It did n't live up to any of my expectations . I ended up ordering another bed from the Cabella 's website and love it ! Also fyi-I tried to put a sheet around it to protect it since it 's not removable to wash or clean , my dog tore it off each time . When I tried to wash the bed it did n't fit into my oversize washer , so I had to take it to a public laundry mat to be cleaned . After washing it was in worse shape and completly flat . When it went into the dryer it came out with burn marks on the sides b/c it was to big even for the industrail dryers . It went into the trash at the laundry mat . This bed looks great in the pics but look else where if you do n't want to be disappointed !
 It started out good looking . but the seam tore quickly under my dogs scratching , and it lumped up as well - should have read the reviews better - no zip off cover . It got dirty real fast as the fuzzy inside liner -LRB- not really true sherpa , thin and flat -RRB- was white and shows dirt and hair . After a week - it does not look so hot unless I put an extra blanket in the center . Will be buying a different bed in the future and likely not online . Should have sent it back but shipping was too expensive .
 Dogs do n't like this bed and the cover does n't come off . Ca n't get it in the machine because it 's too big .
 I ordered this product with `` expedited shipping '' which cost $ 27.00 , the company did expedite the shipping after two days but they expedited it to the wrong address in the wrong state . When I asked them what they are going to do about this they told me they would send out another item and I would receive it in 7-10 days after shipping , `` it should go out pretty soon , we have them in our warehouse '' . They did not care that I paid for expedited shipping and did not offer to expedite the new order or refund my money for the error . I had to bring this to their attention , obviously they were not going to do anything nor did it seem awkward for them to dismiss the extra money I had paid to receive my item early . So I had to get rather nasty and finally I got my expedited shipping fee back . Then I asked , when is my order going to be delivered ? I was told , it will go out Thursday , `` they are in the warehouse '' . Friday I emailed for a tracking number -LRB- they did not send one to me as they stated they would -RRB- and they stated , oh , this item has not shipped , it should ship today . Ok I give up no one knows what is going on ! I get home on Friday , and my stars !!! Two boxes are on my doorstep ! Both are Bagel beds from the same company , you guessed it , they duplicate shipped . So after all the hassle I went through and the total lack of customer service I had received and the fact that it took over 10 emails to get answers to one question and never two -LRB- they can not answer more than one question it seems -RRB- . I saw this as an opportunity for this company to do something to show they cared about the customer . I emailed them and let them know I received two beds , my three dogs did love it and asked if I could keep the extra bed for all the hassle they put me through . The response was , `` I need to ask the warehouse and I 'll get back to you '' . That was on Friday , on Monday , I had received no information so I sent an email to them in the afternoon . Of course , I was not surprised when they stated , `` we want it back and will issue a fed ex pick up tag for Tuesday '' . It seems they know how to expedite when THEY want something in a timely manner but to heck with the customer . So bottom line , this company had the opportunity to say , `` with all the hassle , just keep it for all you have been through '' , but nope . . I suppose if I had never let them know I had two it would be no big deal but my integrity is worth more then a dog bed . This company on the other hand ... they have proven they have no integrity and will rip you off for $ 27.00 shipping . Like I said , if you want good service , go to another company , for a little more you will have a lot less in headaches .
 My 17 year-old Cockapoo finds the bed most comfortable . It 's large enough for her to turn around in it the mandatory 3-6 times before settling in with her head slung over the side . The bed is not easy to wash . It is too large and bulky to fit into my large capacity washer and my extra large dryer . It is necessary to haul the bed off to the local laundramat and use the commercial machines with the highest capacity . Not fun . Not convenient . Worth it only because I love my dog but I 've told her it 's getting old . Do not buy the large Bagel Donut Dog Bed unless you live right next door to the laundramat and have an endless supply of quarters .
 I was really disappointed with this purchase , there was very little filling for comfort . Our 75-80 pound lab was essentially on the floor . I was thinking of cutting it open and adding a couple of layers of memory foam at the bottom -LRB- I 'm sure this would have helped immensely -RRB- but ended up giving it away to a friend . The bolster was much firmer and better compacted than the base of the bed .
 First the cons . . and its a BIG one . . this bed does not have a removable cover and it is a very bulky bed that will not fit in any washing machine you own . that is something to think about . . i think i 'll vacuum it and then wash it in the tub . . pain in the a ** . Also this bed is squishy and unstable which is great for healthy younge dogs but if you have an older dog or one that is not sure footed pass on this bed . . it is a liitle like the moonwalk , i do n't know if that will change as it wears down but i would never let my older dog with hip issues near this bed . Now the pros ... I love it and the dogs love it . . its like a big squishy bolstered bed very comfy it looks and i put a queen size microfluff blanket in it also and they love it . I 'm just dreading having to wash this thing and wondering how to get all the hair off every time i have to clean it ... UPDATE . . i have had this bed about3 days and the fill in the middle squishes down and does not completley cushion the bed any longer . . i still love the sides of this bed though and will put a few more microfiber fluffy blankets in it to keep them cushioned . The idea for this bed is great because of the awesome high and super soft bolster but the inside is in need of help . OK . . ** Update . . i have had this for about 4 or 5 weeks and the sides are still the same high sides which i love so much as they are so soft but the supposed cushion is like nothing anylonger . It has lost all of its squishy comforatableness and does not cover the whole bottom . Easily feeling the floor from lack of any cushioning any longer . It is used by a 50 lb dog and a tiny 5 lb chi so flattened out fairly quickly . I am going to use a foam cushion cut from a mattress pad to put inside it . I would not purchase this again .
 This leash looked great out of the package , nice re-spooling action and all , but when I put it onto my 4 month old in the house so he could get comfortable with using the included safety collar , he chewed through the tape in literally less than 3 bites ! I realize that a dog will be able to chew through a lot of things eventually , but come one , this has got to be able to stand up to the ocasional nibble !
 This leash is very light weight and has very smooth action . It also features a lock button and a lock set button that both work well . However , this tape measure style leash is very thin . I only had it 5 days before the cord snapped . All of the damage was inflicted during the occasional bites whenever the leash gets wrapped around my dog or a pole . The ribbon becomes tattered very quickly from the bites and then snaps . I would not recommend using this leash until your dog is completely disciplined to not snap at the leash .
 The pictured item is a `` corded '' leash . I received a `` tape '' leash which is exactly not what I wanted . Also it does n't tell you the length of the leash . A large Flexi is usually 24feet . This one came to me as a 16foot . Now I have to return it and my dog is bummed .
 My dog weighs about 90 pounds . We used the leash a dozen times and now it is broken . The first foot or so , with the hook , disconnected from the rest of the leash line . I do not recommend buying this product . I 've written Flexi 's customer service and will update on well they back their product .
 I purchased two of these leashes within 6 weeks . The first one snapped within two weeks , the second one snapped this morning.This is supposed to be for dogs up to 100 lb . Well , my 8 month old labrador retriever puppy weighs 50 lb now , and still the leash just snapped above the buckle ! This product is crap to say the least . I am more than disappointed.Even tough it is easy to use and can be managed with one hand and just the thumb , the quality is very poor ! If this would have happened on the street , God forbid , my dog might have been hit by a car . I am really angry and do n't recommend this leash to anyone !!
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . I have a 4 month old labrador puppy that was able to break this in a few weeks . He did not chew through it but actually snapped it off where the leash attaches to the hook . He went running after a bird and got to the end of the line and just kept going , snapped clean off . I thought for sure it was his collar that broke but it was the leash itself . I 'm going to try and get a refund . He was around 20lbs when it happened , this thing is supposed to be rated at 110lbs !
 I ordered this for my new yellow lab puppy . She is only 4 months old and the leash broke about the third time it was used . The strap where the clasp is attatched to broke/tore . I would guess at this point that my dog only weighs about 30 pounds and this is supposed to hold a 110 pound dog ... not a chance . It did work well until it broke though I guess .
 This is also my second Flexi leash I 've purchased . They are both of excellent quality . However , this item is NOT as pictured . This 16 ' Large 110lb . leash does not come with the foot-long strap between the end of the cord and the collar latch -- it also does not have the cord as shown.I was quite disappointed and am returning for a full refund of shipping and purchase costs .
 I was happy with the leash at first , it worked well . We have had it a little more than a month and the clasp broke off the end . Our dog is only 75 pounds and the leash is rated for 110 . So I would not recommend this leash .
 Woulf prefer to mark zero stars , but have to put something . Nothing redeemable about this product . Dangerous . First time out of the package . Walked my dog two blocks , regular walk minimal pulling - leash snapped about 3 '' from collar hook . My dog ran into the street , luckily she was not hurt , but two cars almost collided trying to avoid her . Very frightening . Terrible piece of junk . Never trust this product .
 The tape on this item broke in 6 months . Considering the cost , I 'll stick with a rope .
 I own a few of these already and was ordering two replacements . Two tape leashes showed up at my door which is not what I ordered . Contacted customer service and they 're supposed to be sending me what 's reflected in the image -LRB- a corded leash -RRB- . They should be here tomorrow via overnight delivery so we 'll see if they can get it sorted out . I ca n't stand the tape leashes . The only way to go is the corded version . I 'm just sayin '
 It lasted one day . Used the rope Flexi for 10 years with no problems . This tape one is garbage - junk - doggie doo doo .
 I looked for a long time to find a cord retractable leash and finally thought that I found it in this item . The picture shows a cable leash , the product description says a cable leash but yet when I get it , it is a tape leash . Very disappointed .
 I was very , very disappointed when I received the product
 I used one tube of the Cutter Flea & Tick for dogs over 66 lbs . on my 98 lb . Rottweiler on Saturday . By Saturday night , she was scratching like crazy , and could n't walk for more than 5 or 6 steps before her hind leg would come up to start scratching again . We bathed her first thing Sunday morning , and scrubbed the best we could . It is now Wednesday , and the poor thing is still itchy . She 's been on 25 mg of Benadryl 2x a day , which seems to help , but as soon as it wears off , she 's scratching again . As you can imagine , we have not had a full night of sleep since this started . The vet ca n't see us until Friday , and I feel like an awful person for putting my poor dog through this !
 Does n't work nearly as well as a frontline . When I use this my 17lb cockapoo still scratches : -LRB-
 this product does n't work . save your money , and go elsewhere . by frontline . you get what you pay for . your dogs needs something that works .
 Over a weeklong period I found this made my two dogs itch more . Had to scrub them down and put Frontline on them .
 I purchased this in preperation for a litter of kittens , of course the next day I found the same product for half the price . It is a good product must overpriced here .
 I WOULD N'T WASTE MY MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT , IT IS GARBAGE AND DOES NOT WORK . HAD TO GO TO MY LOCAL PET STORE AND SPEND THE $ 23 TO TAKE CARE OF THE PROBLEM . FROM NOW ON I WILL SPEND THE MONEY NECESSARY TO GET THE JOB DONE . THIS PRODUCT IS A FAIL !!!
 This product claims to have great taste , which presumably means that your pet will eat it when mixed with his or her favorite food . I tried it on four of my cats and not one of them would do more than sniff it and walk away . This seems like a fraudulent bit of advertising . Did the makers pick some starving animals to experiment on ? Unless you can inject it , forget it . You are probably not going to get your cat or dog to ingest this medication . Better off taking your pet to the Vet and having it get an injection for parasites . Do n't waste your money .
 I used one tube of the Cutter Flea & Tick for dogs over 66 lbs . on my 98 lb . Rottweiler on Saturday . By Saturday night , she was scratching like crazy , and could n't walk for more than 5 or 6 steps before her hind leg would come up to start scratching again . We bathed her first thing Sunday morning , and scrubbed the best we could . It is now Wednesday , and the poor thing is still itchy . She 's been on 25 mg of Benadryl 2x a day , which seems to help , but as soon as it wears off , she 's scratching again . As you can imagine , we have not had a full night of sleep since this started . The vet ca n't see us until Friday , and I feel like an awful person for putting my poor dog through this !
 Does n't work nearly as well as a frontline . When I use this my 17lb cockapoo still scratches : -LRB-
 this product does n't work . save your money , and go elsewhere . by frontline . you get what you pay for . your dogs needs something that works .
 Over a weeklong period I found this made my two dogs itch more . Had to scrub them down and put Frontline on them .
 I knew this was a pricey toy but with such great reviews , I thought my 5 month old cat would enjoy bunny kicking this fish . I was wrong . She looks at it weirdly , sniffs it and moves on . She 's not interested at all and I think it 's the smell that 's turning her off .
 This cat toy is advertised as 11 inches long . I measured mine and it is only 9 1/2 inches long ! I am tired of purchasing items here that are described as one thing and when they get to me , they are NOT the same item as described , so obviously this is not the first time this has happened to me here . I am tired of buying items that are misrepresented here and will have to shop at places that send you the actual item you ordered and paid for !
 Our Miniature Dachshund chewed up the ends of it . He ruined it . Had to take it away from him ... I was very dissappointed as that was a more costly toy .
 I recently got a puppy from a shelter . They insisted on this food and gave me a free bag . Its terrible ! My puppy is 5 months and It makes her get the `` runs '' and the worst farts you can imagine ! I ca n't even finish out the bag ... and its FREE !! I even went as far as putting her on a chicken and rice diet and gradually putting her on this food and she still ca n't handle it .
 I bought this size because I read some reviews about the handle being too small and thought it might be helfpul for my husband to have a larger handle . Unlike the cord leash , the belt leash has a strong continual pull on the dog . This was too much for my dog and I ended up needing to return it .
 I purchased this brand of retractable leash thinking that it was a quality product , especially after seeing the very poor reviews that other retractable leash brands received . Unfortunately , I only managed to get two days of use out of it , two walks with my 16 lb dog and the belt frayed and nearly tore in half . Very disappointing .
 Size up on this . The handle is too small and the clasp is tiny for a leash supposed to be for a 65 lb . dog . I wish I would have gotten the larger model .
 DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!!! PLEASE.This past weekend we were camping at a State Park . We were walking the Upper gorge trail when our 18 month old puppy spotted a chipmunk . We hit the button and the leash snapped at the nylon 1 '' above the collar connection . The puppy feel 200 feet straight off the gorge and another 12 feet when he bounced over the lower trail into the river . Amazingly I can say he survived after many rescue efforts and surgery at Cornell.BEWARE OF THIS LEASH . COMPANY HAS NOT EVEN CONTACTED ME !!!!!
 I have n't tested this against the corded version , but in concept replacing cord with tape makes sense . However , this snapped after less than 5 months of ownership , during which it was used solely -LRB- and infrequently -RRB- with an 8 pound dog .
 I bought this size because I read some reviews about the handle being too small and thought it might be helfpul for my husband to have a larger handle . Unlike the cord leash , the belt leash has a strong continual pull on the dog . This was too much for my dog and I ended up needing to return it .
 I purchased this brand of retractable leash thinking that it was a quality product , especially after seeing the very poor reviews that other retractable leash brands received . Unfortunately , I only managed to get two days of use out of it , two walks with my 16 lb dog and the belt frayed and nearly tore in half . Very disappointing .
 DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!!! PLEASE.This past weekend we were camping at a State Park . We were walking the Upper gorge trail when our 18 month old puppy spotted a chipmunk . We hit the button and the leash snapped at the nylon 1 '' above the collar connection . The puppy feel 200 feet straight off the gorge and another 12 feet when he bounced over the lower trail into the river . Amazingly I can say he survived after many rescue efforts and surgery at Cornell.BEWARE OF THIS LEASH . COMPANY HAS NOT EVEN CONTACTED ME !!!!!
 Size up on this . The handle is too small and the clasp is tiny for a leash supposed to be for a 65 lb . dog . I wish I would have gotten the larger model .
 I have n't tested this against the corded version , but in concept replacing cord with tape makes sense . However , this snapped after less than 5 months of ownership , during which it was used solely -LRB- and infrequently -RRB- with an 8 pound dog .
 I have n't tested this against the corded version , but in concept replacing cord with tape makes sense . However , this snapped after less than 5 months of ownership , during which it was used solely -LRB- and infrequently -RRB- with an 8 pound dog .
 Size up on this . The handle is too small and the clasp is tiny for a leash supposed to be for a 65 lb . dog . I wish I would have gotten the larger model .
 DO NOT BUY THIS LEASH !!!! PLEASE.This past weekend we were camping at a State Park . We were walking the Upper gorge trail when our 18 month old puppy spotted a chipmunk . We hit the button and the leash snapped at the nylon 1 '' above the collar connection . The puppy feel 200 feet straight off the gorge and another 12 feet when he bounced over the lower trail into the river . Amazingly I can say he survived after many rescue efforts and surgery at Cornell.BEWARE OF THIS LEASH . COMPANY HAS NOT EVEN CONTACTED ME !!!!!
 I purchased this brand of retractable leash thinking that it was a quality product , especially after seeing the very poor reviews that other retractable leash brands received . Unfortunately , I only managed to get two days of use out of it , two walks with my 16 lb dog and the belt frayed and nearly tore in half . Very disappointing .
 I bought this size because I read some reviews about the handle being too small and thought it might be helfpul for my husband to have a larger handle . Unlike the cord leash , the belt leash has a strong continual pull on the dog . This was too much for my dog and I ended up needing to return it .
 I would NOT recommend this calcium kit at all ! First of all , you have to buy distilled water to perform the test . The test involves distilled water , a powder that you scoop -LRB- messy and not easy to level the powder -RRB- plus two other liquid vials . Many steps to perform the test , then the test only measures by increments of 50 mg so you only know if you 're between 400 and 450 mg . That is not very helpful when you are trying to increase and maintain your calcium level as I am on my salt water tank.I went on to buy the Hagen Nutrafin Calcium Test and it measures to 20 mg increments with only 3 vials . Love this one !
 I purchased two of these and with both of them the leash snap broke . One on the first time I used and the other before I even had a chance to use it . Very cute , but very cheap snaps . Will not buy another
 Beefeater went for profit over the health of our pets . Sad ! Gimborn -LRB- Pro Treats -RRB- are still made in the USA .
 This test kit is for salt water only , do n't waste your money if you have a freshwater tank . It should be clearly marked `` For Salt Water Only '' . It is not .
 I used K9 Advantix because I was bringing my dog with me on vacation into a remote camp in tick-infested woods . I used three-quarters of the 20 lb . dose on my 13 lb . poodle . Approx . 12 hours after application , she began to have terrible neurological symptoms , running in circles and crying , jerking and jumping . Her nose became very hot and her breathing became rapid and shallow . We were up all night . By the time I got instructions over the telephone to wash it off with liquid dish detergent , it had been 24 hours . She survived , but the cartilage in her throat has been damaged and her bark is permanently changed . If you are using this product for the first time , PLEASE use only half the recommended dose and standby with the liquid dish detergent . If your dog can stand it , you can apply the rest two days later . The only antidote for permethrin poisoning is to wash it off with liquid dish detergent within the first 24 hours ! If this product touches human skin , call a poison control center immediately ! Many dogs have been injured , and deaths have been attributed to K9 Advantix . If you feel you must use it , first read the horror stories on the internet . Bayer Animal Health should have included on the box instructions on how to wash it off with detergent immediately if there was an adverse reaction .
 I was in ` love ' with the idea of having an Extra Large water bottle for my Bunny Rabbit , Duke . I was soooo disappointed when within a couple of days , no matter what I did , it LEAKED . It just kept dripping through the drinking spout so Duke 's cage was soaked which meant spending a LOT more money on his bedding to be sure he did n't get sick from the moisture and/or mold that might grow . It 's a good idea but not for this kind of water bottle .
 We bought this to keep water off our dog 's beard hair . Dog is 7 pounds . . Three issues caused us to throw it away . First , we could n't figure out how to stop those little drip drip drips . Over night all the water would come out . Also the screw cap had to be put on jusssst right or the water would gush out around the cap . The cause seems to be only 1 1/2 thread engagement between screw cap and bottle . As a result screw cap has to be put on carefully to make sure no under tightening or over tightening . Third , if the bottle was n't mounted perfectly vertically then the water would drip out faster -LRB- this seems to the way with all of these type lickers not just Lixit -RRB- . The fourth issue was the dog had to lick lick lick lick a lot to get enough water especially in hot weather . We ended up buying and a 1 quart round Lixit with a bigger pipe . If we mount if vertically then it only drips a few times before it stops . If you have a dog without a beard we suggest using a water bowl .
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK AT ALL ANYMORE . THE TICKS APPEAR TO BE IMMUNE TO IT BY NOW . THEY NEED TO CHANGE THEIR FORMULA .
 It kills the adult fleas but failed to stop the fleas from coming back in a bedroom.I have used 4 bottles of this and still the fleas return .
 This is not a review but a warning . The product may work perfectly well , but be sure to read the directions . This is fairly toxic and there are warnings in the instructions that you do not get in the Amazon advertisement . For the sake of your family and pets , make sure this is sprayed in a well ventilated area and do not let it get on humans or pets , as the directions recommend . One wonders , if you need so many precautions , what exactly is this chemical doing to you and your pets besides killing fleas ?
 Overall just ok , their are definately better wipes out there , read my other review of the Malaket brand .
 I bought these thinking `` oh hey , now I will be able to keep my cat super clean ! '' WRONG , from the moment I opened up the bottle the cats were repelled by the towel smell . They really hate the smell and is really hard to keep them still while using it , so to the dump it went.Please do not waste your money on this if you 're a cat owner .
 My prime motive for writing this is to dispute the `` Product Description '' on the main page . # 1
 Initially I was sent the wrong product frm MedVet International . They sent APPLE SCENTED Malacetic Otic by DermaPet and I did not order apple scented . The color of the bottle was even different from what I had at home . I sent it back and received full refund due to THEIR ERROR . I placed another order with them and discovered DermaPet is now owned by Dechra . This product has an awful apple fragrance to it . When I wanted to return product I was told I had to pay for return shipping since this time they did send me the correct product . I researched it and found out DermaPet is now owned by Dechra and Dechra claims all ingredients in Malacetic Otic are same as DermaPet . DermaPet did not have this awful smell to their Malacetic Otic ear cleaner . I sold my Dechra Malacetic Otics to a friend to avoid return shipping costs .
 The soft plastic wheels are great and chewable as well as difficult for the bird to get hold of a piece to swallow.The `` flower '' is brittle plastic.My medium sizes Conure preferred this toy but in only a few minutes had bitten off the ends and swallowed one . This would be a great toy but for the materials .
 My cats all love these , but they 're constantly falling apart . -LRB- The fish , not the cats. :-RRB- I 've mended them so many times that there 's no more fabric left to mend ! I suggest buying the bananas or cigars instead . Those hold up much better !
 It split along a seam ; the catnip spilled out ; the cat was done . Based on experience , I would expect a cat toy to last several months . I contacted the manufacturer . The response was `` the catnip is doing its job '' . Well , the container did not . BTW , there are ways to reinforce seams - this one was not . If the goal is to get the catnip , a refillable toy like Kong offers is a much better deal . Even cheaper , buy catnip in bulk and put in in an old sock . You can decorate the sock however you like.I do n't know about you but we do n't have so much money that we can buy cat toys that last 30 min . We wo n't be buying another Yeowww cat toy .
 I bought this dryer some time ago , and while I really liked it at first , a design flaw became apparent after using it for a time -LRB- probably about 6-9 months or using it under 10 times -RRB- . I 'm sure I 'll get all the technical names wrong , but here goes - the part that holds up the dryer head is just a simple thumb screw . With time , it is ceasing to hold up the dryer head , making the dryer essentially useless . The head will drop down during a drying session often now - and trying to retighten the screw that holds it up while hanging onto a wet , angry cat is n't easy ! Without the screw working , the dryer will blow air straight down - which I ca n't find a use for . I would think with the high price of this dryer , the mechanism that holds the dryer head in place would 've been a bit more advanced .
 We are a dog boarding facility . So we use this dryer pretty much every day . We purchased this dryer in 2007 . I guess we were lucky , because it worked amazing ! It lasted us until 2011 . We had a little trouble with the head not staying up , and blowing straight into the floor , but as long as you leaned the head against the crate it was fine . The only reason we needed to replace it was because the cord was ruined beyond repair . So , we purchased the same dryer . Much to our dismay , it had an electrical problem , and every socket we plug it in caused that socket to short . We sent it back for a replacement . The replacement did the same thing ! We sent the replacement back to try to exchange it AGAIN . The 3rd one worked . We 've had it since May of 2011 . And , this one worked well until December of 2011 , when it just stopped working . So , we barely even got 7 months of use . This product is much too expensive for what you get . But , I will say , when it is working , it 's a good product . We 're purchasing a new dryer today , and it will not be another one of these !
 Felovite II is an excellent supplement for cats , particularly if you need to add more taurine to your cat 's diet . My middle-aged cat loves it and benefits from the vitamins and taurine . I purchased it for years at a local store which recently switched to all GNC products which are more expensive and -- more to the point -- the cat hated them . I was hesitant to order online because I was concerned about receiving expired product , which is exactly what happened . I ordered in January 2011 and received a tube that expired in JULY 2010 . Five stars for Felovite II itself . Zero stars to NYCPETSUPPLY -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- , for unbelievably low standards regarding what you put in your cat 's mouth .
 My amazon parrot was very interested in the toy but the first thing he did was bite off one of the balls and very easily could have swallowed it if I did n't distract him with food . The plastic/rubber is too soft for strong birdy beaks even if the texture , shape & colors are very appealing to birds .
 This is a cute , seemingly well made toy . The only problem with it , is that I seem to like it more than my green - Cheeked Conure Joey.This probably has more to do with my birds personality than the toy itself . The toy appears appropriate for my Conure but I would not give it to a larger bird . It is a cute plastic foot toy .
 I bought this `` Large Bird Toy '' my cockatoo . It was so small she did n't know what to do with it so she threw it off the table . It may be okay for a parakeet , but not a `` Large Bird '' like a cockatoo .
 My long hair cat suffers from hairballs ; besides constant brushing , the vet recommended a hairball remedy gel . I 'm picky about what my cat eats and did n't like that `` sugar '' was a main ingredient in some other hairball remedy gels . I chose this one because it seemed the `` healthiest '' of all at the store - ideal for `` overweight or diabetic cats '' , it said . My cat is neither overweight or diabetic , but I liked that the product was `` sugar free '' and 8-in-1 is a product line I used to trust for my parakeets -LRB- when I had parakeets as a kid -RRB- ... After bringing it home , I was surprised that my cat HATED the taste of this . I put it on my finger and on a plate in front of him but he walked away . It 's very liquid consistency made it a complete mess to give to my cat , who shook it off his paws and nose and sat huffy in the corner at me for a long time ! -LRB- Cat spite ! ;-RRB- -RRB- -- and it ended up all over my apartment and in his fur , which unfortunately , made his coat look really greasy and yucky and discolored on the white patches of his fur . -LRB- I guess the product has some kind of color to it , even though it comes out clear ! -RRB- I was very upset , and it was stressful for both of us.The product -LRB- even though it does n't say this on the tube -RRB- CAN NOT be mixed with food because it prevents the absorption of vitamins/nutrients in the digestive track - so my cat had to take it on its own.I figured out that if you put the tube of hairball remedy in the fridge it thickened up a bit -- making it easier to administer - but it did n't improve the taste for my cat , unfortunately . He vehemently hates this product , and now me for having to give it to him.I only put up with it for 3 days out of the recommended 5 . It was just too much hassle and stress . Plus , it did n't seem to do anything . He was still coughing and constipated . Worse , he vomited on the 2nd day of giving this to him . Forget it.Back to the vet we go -- or perhaps to try another gel paste -- maybe Petromalt this time , which I hear many cats will eat right out of the tube !
 I bought this and at first I thought it was going to work . But , after two days of using this , my cat started throwing up again and became lethargic . I discontinued using it and went back to Petromalt . Now , my cat is perking up again and getting sick less . It may work good for others , but not with my cat .
 I read reviews before I purchased this and some said their cats would n't touch it . I used a hairball remedy similar to this years ago and my cats loved it ; however , none of my three cats would touch this .
 This product is much cheaper than competitor `` Petromalt '' and I guess you get what you pay for . The KittyMalt is very runny and greasy and our cats do not like it . The Petromalt is thick , and stays where you put it and the cats go crazy for it . I do n't know if we just got a bad tube of it , but I will not buy again . You get 1/2 as much product for more money of the Petromalt , but its worth the extra money .
 this product is absolutely not what it claims to be ... my cat wo n't go near it and I think the advertising is totally false and should be noted as such by amazon
 My cats hate this and wo n't touch it . I hoped it would be a good substitute for the petromalt since they changed their formula but it was not . Please note - I just bought petromalt at the store and they are back to barley malt syrup so my cats are back to eating it .
 My cat hate this flovar ... I need to mixed with his food otherwise it will go to waste . I will try another flovar ...
 Artemis is a very high quality food ingredient wise , and since my dog is moving over seas with us I wanted to get her on a food available in both countries.Artemis was very nice and sent samples of the Fresh Mix Adult and Fresh Mix Maximal dog , and my dog loved it so we bought 2 30lb bags from amazon.She ate a little bit of it initially and then totally refused to eat it . She picked out the old dog food from the Artemis , and only ate her dog food when she was starving . She has n't even eaten half a bag , and the second bag was n't treated any differently.Two months later she still hates it and has lost weight so I gave up and bought her Canidae , which she loves and eats no problem at all . She is not a picky dog , but she just hated the Artemis - it gave her horrible gas all the time and she had diarrhea several times.Changing her food she is back to being a happy little porker.I do n't know if it was a bad batch or what since she liked the sample packs , but it definitely did n't work for her at all .
 These are cute huts , but are made of sawdust and honey , neither of which is healthy for your guinea pig to chew on , and guinea pigs do chew on everything.Guinea pigs are better off with cloth hidey huts or even with a large cardboard box.It 's a pity the company is marketing this with a misleading name which suggests there might be something nutritious about their hut .
 I bought this for my guineas not really for a snack but for a hideout because it was cute . They did n't try to eat it for two months . Then one guinea realizes she could eat the roof . They started pulling the straw out of the roof and eating it but the straw is n't soft like timothy hay , it is really stiff . They leave pieces of roof hanging low from the roof while they are pulling it out . So when the piggies walked around the enclosure these spikes were sticking out at eye level . I read where a piggie died from an eye infection after getting poked so at first I kept pulling out the pieces that were hanging and they ate it off the floor but after a day or two I decided it was n't worth the trouble and got a plastic igloo . Maybe I was just worrying too much but I did n't think the sharp straw sticking out was safe .
 I love the way this looks and my guinea pigs love it . Unfortunately they especially love the hay roof . We have had it for a week and the roof is almost unusable . I do not recommend this .
 I bought this hat for my ferret Chauncey . It did fit perfectly and he loved wearing it at first . He gamboled around the house and would n't stop admiring himself in the mirror . Then he wore it to school . There , a group of bigger ferrets started teasing him about it . Of course Chauncey ignored things quickly escalated and the hat ended up tattered , torn , and destroyed . Chauncey missed almost a week of school because of the trauma . If you Do buy this hat at least do n't let your ferret wear it to school if there are bullies there . If it were n't for the bullies I 'd give this 4 or 5 stars .
 The product did nothing to help my fish lice problem in my 3000 gallon pond . the instructions are not clear or accurate . They do n't tell you that you have to shut off your UV light , so I had to buy more medicine the second time around just to prove my point that this product is useless .
 The product works well , no problems there . Great for saving on plastic bags or plastic wrap if you use a lot of canned pet foods . However , the description states : Product Description `` CAN COVERS . We 've all experienced it ... the blast of pet food smells when you open the refrigerator door . Here 's the solution . PET BUDDIES can food covers not only look great , but they keep food fresher longer , and keep the '' `` aromas '' '' where they belong . A Perfect Fit for Tall and Short Cans , come 3 to a package . Colors
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 This product in my experience will kill your Piranhas with in two hours ! I used this product on 04/19/06 , using the correct amount and using caution as the back of box notes ! Witnessed signs of stress on my 8 '' Piranhas , changed water ASAP ! Piranhas died on me with in two hours of putting tabs into aquarium ! My Exodons are still stressed breathing heavy and I hope they do not die as well . The $ 5.00 box of tabs costs me a $ 150 fish ! Very up set with product ! The box states to use caution which I did ! No where does it say it will kill your fish with in hours even monitoring your fish !!! Sorry if this review is a little harsh but I am very ticked off ! Put five tabs in a 55 gallon Aquarium !
 My dog has managed to break multiple leashes and this one was n't any different . It 's not bad but the nylon handle did n't hold up and broke the first time it was used .
 The latch is so small is will it not attach to my dog 's collar . I needed this product to teach the command &#34; Let 's Go &#34; in the basic dog training at PetsMart . I was told to use a 4 ' lead but unfortunately , I ca n't use this product . The latch on this lead is probably for a yorkie collar or a very small dog .
 I followed the directions -LRB- even used ro/di to create the testing solution -RRB- and the test failed . I took 6 different samples , and tried six different times , each time the test kit failed to detect any iodine . On the 6th test , I put 100 % pure Kent Iodine into the test bed , and the test failed to even react to this . Maybe what I was sent was defective , however this product did not work for me .
 The velcro straps do n't hold for very long , other than that they 're great.People who bought this product also bought : Duct Tape
 The design requires about 3 or 4 hands to hold the critter still while getting the tail through the very small hole in the diaper . I could n't get this done on my own after I opened the package , so I 'm kind of stuck with these . Should have been designed to wrap around the tail before and behind the hind legs with one hand while holding the cat at the neck with the other hand . As it is , it 's like threading the protesting cat 's tail through a needle .
 I ordered these in the same size -LRB- small -RRB- that I always use . The new design on the diapers has a much bigger hole for the tail . She leaks straight through it . Wish they had n't changed it .
 The diapers themselves are great . But we have to staple the tabs otherwise they will tear off . But even with stapling , sometimes the tabs still tear off .
 I purchased this product for my toy yorkie . The diaper was too small and since I opened it , I ca n't return them . Waste of money !
 Bought the XL for our 75 lb Lab with a 25inch waist . She should be in the middle of the range weight wise , and lower end for her waist size , these did not even come close to fitting.If your dog is larger than mine , you 'll never get these on .
 This is yet another example of a very good product cheapening itself to make a few more dollars . The old version was perfect . When the new design came and I saw the changes , I had my worries . Unfortunately they were soon borne out . Previously the diapers never leaked when worn overnight . Now I wake up every morning to urine on the floor and the diaper still on my dog . I got so tired of it that I switched brands and threw out the rest of the package .
 What a horrible waste of money these are , they are too small even the largest of the largest are too small , they do n't stay on , they do n't hold any liquidy material , the stuff gets all over the dog , the carpet , the house and you just blew away $ 15 buckos for absolutely nothing !
 The diapers work on the rare times they actually stay on . Usually though , the tabs break and ca n't be resecured . The velcro part stays on , its the other end of the tab that is supposed to be permanently attached that rips off . If you put them on loosely enough so that the tabs dont pull off , then they just slip off when the dog walks around . This is the medium size on a 20 pound dog that is 17 years old , so she is not running around in them . They work -LRB- sort of -RRB- if you add a roll of duct tape to your purchase .
 What a horrible waste of money these are , they are too small even the largest of the largest are too small , they do n't stay on , they do n't hold any liquidy material , the stuff gets all over the dog , the carpet , the house and you just blew away $ 15 buckos for absolutely nothing !
 Do n't waste your money on these things . They do n't stay on even when fastened with duct tape . Total junk . Not even worth a try .
 I bought these for my dog in heat and the tape is weak and it fell off on about 70 % of the diapers . Definitely would not recommend this product .
 I should have listened to some of the other poor reviews of this product . Do n't waste your money if you want the disposable diaper for a male dog . It is too short to cover the male dogs urinary privates , making it useless . The product does not indicate that it is not for use on male dogs . This is a poor product and for what I paid for 12 useless diapers is ridiculous -LRB- over $ 20.00 after tax -RRB- . You can get the same thing a lot cheaper by using a regular baby diaper . Just cut a hole in it for the dogs tail to stick out .
 I bought a medium for my dog , a wire fox terrier . I have the same complaint as another user-they do n't fit from her waist to tail-the tail hole is in the wrong place for her-they definitely look like low risers . Aside from the fact that my dog wo n't move when she has them on - they come off as soon as he sits down so they are useless .
 I have a 5 pound yorkie thats a happy tinkler . I thought this would give me some relief so I can play with her , pet her , or talk to her without cleaning up a mess everytime . Everytime I put one on her and she 's off playing around the house , about 5 to 10 minutes later she is running around MINUS the diaper . Then I have to clean up the diaper she 's ripped apart all over the house . What a shame because I was hoping they would help .
 The velcro straps break off every single time . We have to use safety pins to get them to stay on . Would never buy these again .
 I bought these for my dog in heat and every one of them ended up ripping at the velcro attachment . I even got the right size . They are not flexible at all ; when she sits or lays down they just rip . I 've just started buying baby pull ups and cutting holes in them for her tail .
 I got these for my 6 year old female boxer who was having trouble controlling her bladder . The hole for the tail was too big , and allowed her to pee right out of it even when it was on tight . The diaper slid off constantly , and after trying 2 different sizes , I opted to try Huggies natural fit human diapers . These actually fit her better , and had a large `` rear '' that let her wag her tail . While I still had trouble with the Huggies sliding down , they stayed up better than these ... at a fraction of the cost !
 We purchased the product that was for 15-35 pound dogs . Our dog weighs 19 pounds but the diaper was way too small , it did not cover his penis ans was therfore useless .
 They keep the dog dry when they stay on . There is a problem with the design of the tabs . They do n't always come off correctly then you have to throw the diaper away . They are expensive enough without having to waste them for no good reason . I switched brands . Also , if your dog is incontinent , please bring him or her to a vet . There are great medications that correct the problem . I was resistant to giving her drugs but they really work and we are both happier .
 I ordered these for a 1 year old maltese who weighs 4 pounds ... the Diapers swallowed her ! I ended up getting newborn diapers from walmart and cutting a hole for he tail ! These are NOT worth the money and you can not return them once they are opened ! They also do not send a sample diaper so you dont have to open the package !
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.In particular , this bowl is * not * ideal for goldfish and bettas.Goldfish grow to be up to one foot long . Even when they are smaller , they produce a lot of waste . Goldfish need 10-20 gallons of water * each * , and they are schooling fish so you should n't have just one.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 Our male cat wakes me every morning at around 5 or 5:30 am . I wanted an automatic feeder to handle the early morning feeding so I could get a decent nights sleep.We keep our condo quite and from the moment we put the batteries in it we could hear a ticking sound through out our home . The timer is just a cheap clock timer that you can buy at any craft store for a couple bucks . It is not digital as the the description makes you think . We have two Siamese cats and our female is very inquisitive . At about 9 pm I put food in the feeder and set the timer . Because the cats can still smell the food they both gave it a once over to see if they could get it open . The female did not give up . She worked it over and pushed it around . If we would have had it in the kitchen , the place of choice , she would had it pushed under the the front lip of the cabinets and the lid would have not opened when it was suppose to . After about 20 minuets she was able to pull the dish part way out . About a half inch . Not enough to get to the food but enough to cause me concern . I pushed it back in and went to bed.Out of concern I got up to make sure that it was going to open on it 's own at the correct time . When I got to the feeder she had pull both dishes out and moved the feeder half way across the room trying to break in . I watched and it did open at the planned time . Because the bowls were no longer seated in the feeder , as they ate , they got dry food down inside the feeder under the bowls . When they both were done eating the managed to pull the bowls off of the feeder to get at the food that was under the bowls . In that area there is sharp plastic parts . I returned the feeder to Amazon for a full refund.The bottom line is , this item is cheaply made , over priced for the quality , loud ticking , poorly engineered and unsafe for our cats .
 This feeder has no on/off switch , so it ticks constantly unless you remove the battery . On my feeder , removing the battery requires a small screwdriver to pry it out ; very difficult . One side of the dish stopped opening after only a few uses . Do n't know if the cats messed with it or just a bad product .
 As others have stated , this lightweight device is flimsy and cats can easily beat it about while getting into the food . We got this so we could sleep later on weekends , but the noise of the cats batting it about is worse than their begging . They can sense the food inside so the noisy activities start even earlier.The locking mechanism and the timer are on the same side of the door -LRB- towards the back -RRB- , so the front can be pried up easily given the crude locking mechanism . If they had the lock on the front and the hinges on the back it would be much more secure.The timing is very imprecise . We have two cats that we want to feed at once , but it is unrealistic to think you can get the two chambers to open at the same time . They are independently operated and the timing so crude that there is no good way to synchronize them.This is clearly a waste of money .
 Foremost , my rabbit is CRAZY !!! She wakes me up at 5am for her morning pellets -LRB- she 's a free roaming rabbit btw -RRB- . I have become so tired and sleepy in the mornings because of this so I decided to get the 2-meal petfeeder to feed her in the mornings . However it did NOT work at all ! First of all , when she smelled the pellets , she went crazy and started flipping the entire thing over and was nudging it all night -LRB- which kept me awake -RRB- . The sound of rabbit claws digging on the plastic petfeeder was not how I wanted her to react to it . The lid on the petfeeder was loosely attached to the timer knob so food actually fell out when she was attacking it . That being said , I do n't understand why anyone would want to make a petfeeder because animals have such keen sense of smell -LRB- and are very smart -RRB- , if they know food is inside a compartment , they will beat the crap out of it till they get to it . If a tiny 4lb rabbit can destroy the petfeeder , I am sure dogs and cats would too . Again , Not recommended !
 Do not waste your money on this feeder . It is cheap plastic even though it looks sturdy in the pictures . I only used it once as my smart Corgi figured out which compartment had the food and broke it open ruining the feeder and costing me over $ 30.00 . It is a complete waste of money . The 5 feeder one from the same company looks even cheaper . If you have a smart dog , a chewer or a bigger dog , this will not last more then a day or two . I would say it might only work for a dumb dog like a Dalmation .
 I bought this item a month ago and it broke already . It was great while it lasted , unfortunately , that was n't long .
 Does n't work for me at all . It will not cycle more than a centimeter at a time . I reset , changed batteries , reset , reset , reprogrammed , etc. . After hours of fooling with it , I 've given up .
 I just receved the 2 meal electronic pet feeder and am so sorry I did not read the reviews beforehand . It has many flaws but mainly the timer did n't work . I tried 2 different brand new batteries and no movement . In the meantime , my cat easily figured out how to break into the product and eat both portions , one which was intended for my other cat . This is going back , do n't buy it !!
 ive purchased the5-meal feeder and had no issue with it -LRB- yet -RRB- , but this one gets caught and does not open properly . it gets stuck driving me puppy crazy . do not buy does not work as promised .
 I 've given the PetSafe 5 two chances . The first feeder arrived and out of the box , the motor gave up after one trial . I changed the batteries and it was still dead . Amazon exchanged the product promptly and at no cost . The second feeder worked fine -- for about a month . The motor died.I love the flexibility that the programmable features allow . They would be wonderful if the motor worked . A dead motor on a feeder that requires that the interior compartments turn is essential .
 There is no ` battery low ' indicator and no battery back up - which could leave pet unfed . Also , one side broke after 2 months of use .
 After much research for an automatic pet feeder , I decided on this one because of the great reviews and the brand name I trust . I purchased the feeder for my 7 month old Beagle puppy in September to use throughout the day -LRB- for her snacks -RRB- while she 's home alone . Within 2 hrs of testing it , she figured out how to get to the other 4 meals . Now , 4 months later , it takes her about 2 minutes to go through all 5 trays . I regret not sending the product back for a full refund . The feeder now just sits in the corner of the house ... unused .
 I bought this because I have two sphynx and they wake my husband and I up at 3 and 4 am to be fed . It only took three days for them to figure out how to open it . I had to tape the inside bowl into place and that stopped them for another few days . It is cheap and would have been better priced at the $ 15 - $ 20 dollar range .
 To my great disappointment , my 8 lb cat was able to `` crack the code '' simply turning the inner tray and accessing the food . It took her less than 10 minutes . I 'm thinking of getting her a gig as the safe-cracking cat and signing her up for the circus !
 I originally purchased this product two years ago . No problem until the timer mechanism stopped working . So I ordered a new feeder . Unfortunately , the new feeder 's rotating bins do not line up correctly with the lid opening -LRB- this was also the case with a product exchange -RRB- . I hope my cat does not realize this and force the tray to rotate outside of the scheduled feeding times .
 I was so pumped for this thing ! Day one , I woke up to find happy , fed rabbits who finally left me alone while I slept in . Day two , I set it out at night for the following morning . Barely a couple minutes later I heard a noise , looked over , and saw them happily munching away on lettuce . Oh no ! I must have not pushed the lid down and set it right.So I reset it , jostled it a bit to make sure it was secure , and set it back down . A minute later , there they were again breaking into the next day 's breakfast . I bought the 2 meal version and each tray has a lip that extends down front from under the lid . All they need to do is jimmy that a bit and it pulls right out from the lid . See the user photo with the cat demonstrating to you what your pet will do . If they have n't figured it out yet , it 's only a matter of time . Completely useless . My trusty UPS guy came by yesterday with my label to return it . I hope I can find a version of this that actually does its job .
 I initially bought 2 , one for each cat , about a year ago . I do n't use them daily , only for multi-day vacations . The 2 units worked well for 2-day vacations -LRB- 4 slots , 2 feedings a day -RRB- . About 6 months ago , I bought 2 more feeders , for extended vacations -LRB- I got extra days by loading them to rotate 12 hours apart , staggering each of the 2 feeders per cat , making a total of 8 feedings per cat -RRB- . So - total number of units purchased = 4 . Things worked well for a while -LRB- see `` CONS '' below about what 's not good even if the units work . -RRB- The last trip , two of the feeders suddenly started ROTATING MULTIPLE TIMES . -LRB- It 's bizarre that this happened to 2 feeders in the same week on different days - do they talk to each other ??? Is there some bug in the software that was mysteriously tripped ? -RRB- . This error is consistent and happens every time - so now 2 out of the 4 feeders each rotates 3 times instead of only once . This makes the product useless.So - I was previously happy with this product - now very unhappy . If you decide to purchase due to the greater majority of positive reviews , here are the CONS I experienced while all units were working
 Eatwell 2 meal pet feeder - Model PFD11-13706One side doesn &#8217; t open . Cat went hungry . Do not trust . Consider something else .
 The good : * The timer is fairly precise , so you can set both containers for the same time and expect to have them actually open at the same time . That is not often the case with feeders like this.The bad : * The clock is very loud , hums non-stop and clicks at regular intervals * There is no on-off switch , so you have to pull the battery when you want to turn it off . * There is no space to fit in a cold pack , which some other feeders of this type have . * Even though pulling the battery is the only way to shut it off , there is no easy way to do so . A standard AA battery fits in very snugly , and it 's a pain in the neck to remove .
 I will say the feeders are decent but my question is with the name of the product . They state they are `` Electronic '' Pet Feeders . Where is the electronic part ? The timer is a manual timer that is not very accurate and does not always work . Even once they reach hour `` 0 '' and the tray opens , the timers continue to go using up the battery 24/7 . Purchased two and had to exchange one within the first 10 days due to the timer quiting . I will say Amazon 's return/exchange process is VERY easy to use but I think I will be returning them both for a refund . Spend a little extra and get the true `` Electronic '' feeder .
 I loved this feeder when I first got it . It was easy to program and my cat was unable to figure out how to get at the food . He tends to howl in the early morning and this was the trick to getting some morning sleep . Up until now , I would have given it a 5 star ratingHowever , it only lasted about eight months before the motor gradully gave out . We heard it turn in the middle of the night , but unfortunately it would n't turn far enough for the cat to reach the food . I thought it was just the batteries , but it turned out to be the motor.I am really bummed , since it worked so well in all other features , and now I do n't really want to spend another 50 bucks for a few months of use . But I am not happy about hearing the howling again in the early morning hours ... : -LRB-
 Do n't waste your money on this product . I bought one for myself and one for my parents as a gift , and even though they worked at first , they both stopped working after a few months . The trays stopped lining up correctly and then the timer stopped working . Eventually , after about four months , they stopped functioning altogether . The digital displays flash straight lines but it 's impossible to set the timer function . We changed all the batteries , to no avail . So there go one hundred dollars down the drain . Shame on the people who manufacture this product .
 I loved this feeder until it broke . We have gone through two different units and they both had the same problem . The digital display went blank and it stopped working even after replacing the batteries . It is a real shame because it was easy to program and our cat could n't get it open . I just ca n't endorse something that is n't reliable .
 I thought this was great ! . . Until 2 1/2 weeks later and I had to change the batteries already ! I wanted this for when I need to go out of town for a few days , but how do I know it wo n't just stop and my cats wo n't get fed ? Why do n't they make this so that it at least can be able to plug into a socket ? or both ? Worst idea ever !
 Bought this product for a stray cat we took in that tends to cry from 5:30 to 6:00 AM . We figured it would at least feed her in the morning so that we could get some sleep.Took her less than a week to figure out how to spin the 5 tray system so she can eat all the meals . This is going back to Amazon , poor design.Get 's two stars only because now the cat spins all her dishes thinking more food will appear , which I think is funny .
 When I placed a battery in , the motor seems to work -LRB- I can hear it -RRB- . However , the timer does not count down , therefore the lids do not open .
 I routinely leave my cat alone on the weekends and need something so that he does n't eat everything in sight while I 'm gone . For a while , I was leaving a self-feeder out for him , but he was eating himself sick -LRB- and chubby -RRB- . So , I decided he needed something a little more controlled and thought this might be it . I was a bit concerned about what some reviewers have said about their cats figuring out how to turn the bowl themselves , but after about 6 months now , I have n't had any problems with him figuring that out . He 's not scared of the whirring and knows exactly what that means - food time!There were n't instructions on the lid like in the picture but it was n't hard to program . It takes a little getting used to , but its easier to program than my alarm clock which might explain why I often leave this set but empty to wake me up in the morning to remind me to feed the kitty.Things I wish it did
 After taking the time to research many different pet feeders on Amazon , I purchased this product for our 3 month old kitten to feed her lunch when we are away at work . We tested the feeder this weekend to make sure the product worked as promised . The product works , that is , if your cat or dog does n't figure out how to open it first to get their food . The latch system keeping the lid from opening seems very structurally weak . It is only held by a small plastic clip that , with enough persistence , will pop the lid open . Additionally , our kitten , who is still small but apparently very determined , was able to open the feeder within 5 minutes of us placing it on the floor once she smelled the food inside . The feeder also does n't weigh very much so it can be moved around on the floor by a hungry pet.If your pet is willing to wait for its food then this feeder would work fine . However , if you have a hungry pet who will try and get their food at all costs , this feeder will not work for you so well . I am very disappointed with this purchase , especially since it seems that it can not be returned . Good luck if you purchase this product - do n't say you were n't warned .
 I found this product too bulky and not easy to use for a daily basis . I sent it back and not recommended because I found it too bulky and difficult to set .
 It 's obvious many of us suffer from being woken up by our cats , and all of us want to be able to go away for a few days and leave our cats at home . But no one has the solution . Please believe the reports on this product ; it 's only for stupid cats . It 'll work fine for a few weeks/months , but they WILL figure it out . If you have a smart bugger , like mine , who wants his food so badly that he 'll do anything to get it , they 'll figure out how to manually advance the compartments . Gone is your good night 's sleep or your ability to go away for a few days . I bought two of them and had to say goodbye to my investment . I have since spent the $ 175 for two super-feed super feeders and I 'm not sure why I waited to so long . It 's the absolute best product out there . It takes a bit of searching on their site , but you 'll thank yourself .
 This feeder was great at first . However , I have had this for approximately 9 months , and after about 6 , one of my smart kitties figured out how to get her claws inside of the feeder , and get it to move , so she started sneaking extra meals . Upon trying to keep her from doing this -LRB- by putting gorilla tape over the edge so that she could n't sneak her nails in between the tray and the lid -RRB- , the tray occasionally became stuck and the motor died . This only happened on one of the trays -LRB- I have 2 -RRB- . So , if you have a smart cat , I would n't recommend this item .
 For about a week this product worked great and my cat was no longer waking me up at 5:00 am . But , in no time at all he is now able to pry it open quite easily as soon as I put it down . It is actually rather easy to open it regardless of setting the timer . Product is now usless to me .
 It took about a day for our two cats to figure out how to open these - very flimsy in securing the food . The timers were also wildly inaccurate but seeing as how the cats knew how to break in , it did n't really matter .
 An admittedly dim bulb of a cat figured out in less than 2 days how to pop the doors up and get at the food . Well at least I got to sleep in ONE morning ...
 I purchased this for my cat , for when I 'm gone for the day . She needs to eat small portions throughout the day otherwise it wont stay down . This worked great for about a week , but after that she was able to figure out how to open it up . She was able to pull on the lip of the removable tray and pull it out . I have begun making sure both halfs are closed because then she has a harder time getting it open .
 My Beagle figured out how to push to the next meal/man-handle this thing after about 5 minutes of leaving her alone with it . Good concept but needs to be toughen up a bit to prevent this from happening .
 Despite some of the negative reviews , I purchased this item anyway because there were far more positive reviews . WHAT A MISTAKE !!! We went away this past weekend where on Friday I set up the timers to open on 2 separate occasions during our absence . We returned Sunday morning to see that they never opened . My poor cat is 8 and a half years old and he went without food for 48 hours !!!! We feel so terrible and guilty . I 'm returning this piece of & # $ * $ * #
 This contraption latches at the dial , which unlatches at the desired time . On the far end , the latched door has about 1cm of play , and it is trivial for a finger or a cat paw to get between the door and the lip . It is then easy to force the thin food dish out through the latched lid , even without opposable thumbs or a homo sapiens intellect.I put food in this unit and set it for 12 hours . I placed the unit on the floor . My cat began attacking it , and was noshing within 10 minutes . Amazon.com is making it easy to return , so I guess I 'll try another feeder .
 My cat who loves to overeat figured out how to push the compartments back and forth and get at the food . The compartments should lock in place until the time when they are supposed to turn and feed the animal . They DO N'T lock in place . Additionally , our cat ate the trays of food in both bowls on either side of the openning right away after I put it on the floor and then he had played with it enough that it jammed and did n't feed him any of the other meals . I was so mad that he was left without any food for over 24 hours that I took the darn thing and threw it in the trash . I did n't even want to give it to anyone else and have their cat go through what ours did . We 've had it too long to get a refund on it so I just trashed it . Ca n't someone make a reliable automated feeder ? This is the 2nd one we had to get rid of . It 's ridiculous .
 Racoons kept dragging the whole feeder away.I tried weighting it down with a concrete stepping stone -- which prevented them moving it much . But the weight apparently jammed the device , which caused the gears inside to strip out!So I bought another one , and this time I weighted it , but with the stepping stone resting only on the very back edge -- and a wall . That worked better , but eventually again stripped out again.I plan to try once more , this time screwing the feeder to a heavy board underneath . Actually , before I again ordered one , I looked in a local pet supply store for another automatic feeder . The only one in stock had its battery door on the bottom -- no obvious way to keep it safe from racoons .
 My cat needs to eat a special diet , which entails wet food . If I feed her in the morning before I leave for work , she ca n't finish it all . Then the food dries out and she wo n't eat it later when she 's hungry again . You know cats ! I hoped that this pet feeder would enable me to feed her smaller amounts more frequently during the day.PROS
 This is one of the best reviewed pet feeders that I could find , so we tried it out . It worked well for a while and then started rotating non-stop when the time to rotate hit . The problem is the catch under the food dish . It is supposed to pop up in between bowls so that it stops rotating and it apparently is n't catching anymore . Until it started doing this , it was working fine and was effective for feeding the cats once a day .
 I ordered this feeder for my 9 lb 11 week old mini Aussie puppy . I chose this feeder because he is fed a raw diet and other feeders only dispense kibble . This one has five sections that are each a nice big ` bowl ' for any food , including the little frozen ball of chicken I want him to have access to in the middle of the day.So , on day one I set the timer for a few minutes later , put his lunch in the hidden cup and set it down to wait for the timer to kick in and the food to appear . The food is placed in one of five sections on the rotating tray - it looks and acts similiar to a lazy susan . Therein lies the problem with this product . Within literally TEN SECONDS my little pup figured out that if he pushed on the side of the exposed cup with his nose , the entire tray would rotate manually and his food would appear !!!! Why it was built to allow for this , I do n't understand as it obviously makes it useless as a timed feeder.I 'll give it one star for the hypothetical idea of it and the fact that some pets may never figure out that they can access their food any time they want . But remember , this is a very small young puppy so cats his size should have no problem doing the same thing to access their food .
 The low rating is due to the fact that my determined 10-pound cat merely turned the inner compartmentalized tray with her paw , within 5 minutes of seeing the unit for the first time , thus , revealing the food-filled adjacent compartments . When she found the automatic feeder , the first day I set it up , it was 8 hours before her next regular feeding -LRB- she was not hungry -RRB- , yet after smelling food in the unit , she dutifully used her paw to turn the food tray ahead one compartment.The fatal flaw is that the fully enclosed compartmentalized tray does not lock into position when resting between timed feedings and is incredibly easy to rotate ; no real physical force is required to advance the tray to the next one or several -LRB- food-filled -RRB- compartments . Only some level of interest in the enclosed food , in conjunction with a slight amount of determination is required for the animal to rotate the tray , at will.Years ago , we did use another automatic timed feeder with this same cat , the Cat Mate C20 , which is a 2-meal , flip-lid type of feeder . We would fill up both compartments for the day , and she would immediately lift up both lids with her paw within minutes after it had been filled . That unit also was no match for our obsessive eater.Our cat is not large in size , nor has she provided any evidence that she is particularly clever , particularly strong , or particularly intelligent , she 's just one obsessive -LRB- determined -RRB- cat regarding her food . My cat joins the ranks of the other reviewers , whose animals very simply pushed the tray around , at will , with little force . We had the identical problem as the 10/1/07 reviewer named E. Genzoli , whose Boston Terrier , moved the inner compartmentalized tray around with his face after 3 months of use and the 9/11/07 reviewer named NashvilleLady333 whose Australian Shepherd , also moved the compartments ahead at will after only `` days . '' My 10 pound cat moved the inner tray around at will with her front paw within 5 minutes of our ownership of the Petsafe PF5-11 . This unit has a design flaw which is fatal if your pet 's history regarding food intake reflects even a slight level of determination.In summary , if your pet is somewhat determined and/or intelligent , then this unit 's design failure -LRB- the non-locking compartmentalized food tray -RRB- will become apparent in no time , making the unit completely useless for its intended purpose of timed feedings . The pet need not be strong , heavy , clever , brilliant , nor be a dog in order to exploit the fatal design flaw of the non-locking compartmentalized tray . We have ordered the Super Feeder CSF-3 ; it may be our only hope for sleeping in , in the morning with our adorable , but food-obsessed cat .
 We bought this two feed two cats in the morning . They want to eat at 5:00 am and I want to sleep at 5am . If there is food available , it will be eaten immediately.The feeder works like this : You fill up the food dishes and close the lids . There is a battery poweredmechanical timer to let you set how long from now to open a lid for eachdish . You can set the timer for up to 48 hours , at roughly 1 hour increments.This meal feeder has the following drawbacks : The precision of the timers is not adequate to be sure that they open together.The dishes that come with the feeder have a lip that sticks outside wherea motivated cat can grab it and pull out the dish part way and get atsome of the food.The feeder is light weight so that while the motivated cat is attempting toopen the feeder , it can get turned upside down and fail to feed the cats.We made adjustments to this as follows : - replaced the dishes that came with the feeder with ones that fit inside -LRB- cheap margarine tub like things -RRB- - attached a round wooden table top from the hardware store to thebottom to keep it from being moved around and tipped over-planning to attach a small bar across the lids to ensure that both lidsopen at the same time
 When we first got this , we loved it . It allowed us to feed our diabetic cat every 6 hours without getting up in the middle of the night . He learned to launch off the bed like a rocket when he heard `` The Autmatic Food God '' rotate noisily to dispense the manna of catfood at the appropriate time . But after only a few weeks , he figured out that he could smell the food in it , and pushed on the current portion of the bowl to advance it to the next position . And then the next , and the next ... and he really pigged out on four meals !! After that , it was useless.It has two other drawbacks , too . The plastic bowl irritated his feline acne . Our vet says that many plastic bowls do that , and recommends that cats be fed only out of stainless steel or china . Why do n't pet food bowl manufacturers consider this , since it is a common problem ? And it does n't have ice packs to keep canned food cool . It would dry and harden before the next meal needed to be served.All in all , this was a very expensive disappointment .
 Do n't bother with this feeder unless you do n't really care what time it opens . I bought this to feed 2 cats simultaneously , but the timers ' accuracy is so poor that it is impossible to get them to open at the same time . The result is that the dominant cat will eat all the food when the first one opens , then the same cat will eat all the food when the second one opens -LRB- up to 45 min later ! -RRB- , while the meek cat starves . The thing is also so light that the hungry animals knock it all around the room , making tons of noise in the meantime . I was very disappointed and somewhat in disbelief that for a price this high , this feeder could be so cruddy !
 Length :
 It is a high quality item - probably the highest of all that I have seen . However , this will not work for smart dogs or cats!Granted the dog probably wont be able to open the lid , but they do n't have to . The tray on the inside does not lock into position . It only takes a small amount of pressure to push on the side of the food compartment and make it rotate over to the next one ! My Australian Shepherd had this figured out in a matter of days , and even my coating the open compartment in apple bitter spray did not stop him.This thing is useless if you have a smart animal.It is now completely useless to me . I 'm going to purchase one of the autofeeders with the reservoir bin that drops food into a bowl , cut the bottom out of the bowl , and mount the thing HIGH on the wall where my dog can not reach it . It 'll drop the food onto the floor and he can have a blast cleaning it up . I think this is the only way I 'm going to be able to get any of these things to work with him .
 Well , I bought this for my 11 week old puppy , even though I had read all the reviews . I thought to myself , she 's only 11 weeks old , she wo n't be able to do all the things the other reviewers explained . Unfortunately , the first day , she flipped the entire thing over trying to get to the food , so it never opened . To avoid a repeat , I wired the entire unit to a 10lb weight so she could n't flip it over and toss it around . The second day , she managed to get the food trays out as shown in the pictures by other reviewers animals . So then I screwed the tray to the housing . The third and final day , she managed to get her teeth under the lid and just literally ripped it open . I should note , that she 's not very big at 9 lbs , so it 's not like it was pure brute force . I 'm not sure if I just have an exceptionally intelligent puppy or if this pet feeder is just not worth the money . Either way , I 'm afraid I can not recommend .
 I have had this product for 2 years and unfortunately it did not last . The mechanism now fails to rotate the tray . I tried everything to make it rotate but it wo n't work so now I have to buy a new feeder . This machine worked really well but unfortunately it is not durable .
 Eatwell 2 meal pet feeder - Model PFD11-13706This so-called electronic cat feeder does not have an power switch . Every time when I do n't need to use it , I have to use my fingernail to get out the tightly-fitted battery , or else just to let the feeder continue to consume the battery . Getting the battery with the help of my finger nail damaged not only my finger nail but also the battery.An ON/OFF switch which , I assume , is a feature by default for any electronic applicances . Sorry it is no where from the product description that I could be informed of such operation . So you better think twice before buying this product .
 Like others here have commented , my cat broke into it very quickly . Not that she 's particularly intelligent , just that if she wants food bad enough , and has unlimited time on her hands , she can figure it out . She popped it open the first time we left her alone with it .
 My daughter bought it via amazon and it was not working in brand new . When you buy something , you wo n't expect it is not working . We could not return it within 30 days as we brought the feeder overseas to use it for our puppy during a long vacation . Waste our money .
 My cat has hard to control diabetes , and must be fed a small meal every 4 hours around the clock . We got this auto feeder in the hopes that we could teach her to recognize the sound that it makes when it turns , then set the timer and give her two small meals at specific times during the night , so we could get some much needed uninterrupted sleep . But , the timer goes off when it 's not supposed to , so she ca n't make the connection between the sound of the circular divided dish rotating , and available food . If this is something that you need to use for a situation like ours , where the timer really must work accurately for your animal to get a feeding at a particular time , then this item may not be a good bet . We 're going to return this auto feeder , as we can not trust it to do what we need it to do . Perhaps the problem lies with the individual feeder that we were sent , but if you get one , remember to be very careful if timing is important , like it is for our cat . Also , there is a design problem that my cat has with this model , which is that the individual dishes in the circular divided area are really deep and kind of have corners , so it 's awkward for her to get the food out , and she does n't really like sticking her face and whiskers in such a deep well . I think the design of it would work much better for a dog than a cat , but if the timing device on the auto feeder worked properly , then I believe she could get used to eating from it during the night , or if we were away for more than four hours .
 We were sick of being woken up by our 2 young kitties , so we went to Petco and picked this auto feeder out . The design seemed simple and elegant , so we were optimistic when we brought it home . Well , to our dismay the flimsy plastic lids took the kitties about 40 seconds to figure out . With almost no effort they were able to get their paws under the lid , push , and crack both lids wide open . In no time they were chowing down , completely defeating the purpose of having the food set on timer , and to add insult to injury once they were done eating they had a great time pulling the feeding trays out of the pet feeder and spent the whole night batting the feeder and its 2 trays around the house .
 i found this product Much TOO Large ... i have 4 cats and bought one for each ... . could not find a place to put them in my kitchen ... . and i have a fairly large kitchen ... 85 % is machine ... . and returning them was a nightmare ! ... . shame on amazon ... usually it is very easy but this time i had to spend several hours on the phone ... mostly on hold ... . i will not buy anything from amazon but books and dvd 's or cd 's from now on ...
 This feeder worked well for us for a while to feed our 2 cats over weekends when we were away ... but then the cats figured out how to force the rotating tray around using nose and paws . So they can now get at all the food immediately and gorge themselves.Now I 'm looking for a more robust feeder for 2 audacious -LRB- and greedy -RRB- cats .
 This thing is a joke.I bought two for my two cats . My husband and I would like to just go away for a day without having to hire someone to feed them . But , like other reviewers have noted , the timers are truly worthless . Yes , they make a reassuring ticking noise , and they do tend to open at some point , but you really have no way of predicting when . So there 's no way to get them to open at the same time to feed more than one animal , and inevitably one will go without.You 'd think such inefficiency could be managed mechanically , but these timers actually require AA batteries.If you only have one cat and do n't really care when it eats , consider this . In the 24 hours I had these feeders on the floor -LRB- thankfully I tested them before we went away ! -RRB- , my dominant cat spent all of her time chewing on them and pushing them all over the apartment trying to get the food out . They 're very lightweight . Once one door opens and the food is eaten , that bowl is tossed aside and a new route to the second bowl becomes available . In addition , the doors are poorly attached , and had we continued to use them , I 'm sure would n't have lasted a week.That 'll teach me to buy something from a store where I ca n't read reviews first .
 What I really do n't like about this is the dial timer . You can never set it for an exact time to get the animals used to a feeding time . Dials are not the way to go , and electronic timer with portion control is .
 Just bought this feeder to help get my cat to stop screaming at me at meal time . Its worthless though ! I ca n't get it to open with any amount of predictability - and that 's what I need most . Also , the lid does n't close tightly as another reviewer mentioned making the temptation to break in that much greater.A waste of money . I should have read these reviews first . : - -LRB-
 Not recommended . This feeder is a lightweight . As soon as I put it down on the floor , my cat 's attempts to pry open the food compartments with its claws are succesful or , worse , open the thing halfway leaving the mechanic timer stalled .
 I purchased this to replace the older model of Petsafe two meal feeder , which was never perfect , and at first this looked like an improvement . It is not . Unlike the original , the timers seem even less precise , and most importantly , the timers are easily jammed by pets playing with the lids after they 've opened . If your pet is like my cat , it knows there is food in this device and is going to play with it to try to get the food out , and probably disable the device in the process -LRB- ie knock the battery loose or jam an open lid against the timer , meaning kitty gets the first meal but not the second , which is what happened the first time I used it -RRB- . I recommend trying to find one of the older Petsafe feeders . As I said , they werent perfect , but they worked well enough to rely on them while away for a day or so .
 Was really looking forward to this automatic pet feeder being able to help out with one of my dogs-who has to eat every few hours due to stomach issues . I ordered two -LRB- one for each dog -RRB- and unfortunately , in both , the food compartments did not fully advance when they were supposed to . Really frustrating , as they would `` manually advance '' but not on the automatic settings . One of the feeders would keep trying -LRB- with a most irritating noise attached to those attempts -RRB- for a while , the other just was happy to move forward 1/2 a compartment at a time.Needless to say , that did n't quite work for my needs , so I will be returning these to Amazon for a refund . I 'll have to try some of the other options on Amazon and hope for better luck .
 I purchased the PetSafe 2 meal electronic pet feeder as it was VERY similar looking to the Cat Mate c20 feeder that I already owned and loved . I needed a second electronic feeder ... this one for the dog , and the PetSafe 2 meal feeder was a bit less expensive . So I went with that . Online it looks similar to my Cat Mate c20 but in person it is bulky and awkward . The dial has a dot for every 2 hours instead of every hour and the dial is very loud when it turns . The dishes slop around when the lid is closed and they are more shallow than the C20 . The last straw though was coming home after setting it for meal time for my pup and the PetSafe never actually opened ... it just got caught up on the last notch . It 's very sad coming home to a hungry pup that knows there is food in that machine . I tried it 3 more times with the result being the same . The few dollars I had saved was worthless . I sent it back and ordered another Cat Mate C20 . The quality on the Cat Mate c20 is way better ... it works , AND it comes with an ice pack to put under the dishes if you need to keep soft food cool . Do n't waste your time or your money with the Pet Safe 2 meal pet feeder .
 When we ordered this `` carousel '' feeder , we hoped for peace of mind during short trips away from home . Our aim was to relieve the helpful neighbor from his feeding duties while we are away , as well as to train our cat NOT to beg for food overnight or early in the morning before we awaken . At first , we thought we hit the jackpot ... batteries last a long time , our cat does n't pry it open or force the next bowl into view -LRB- like so many negative reviewers commented on -RRB- . BUT ... Here we are a year later , and we HATE this contraption ! A few months ago , the mechanism 's internal gears began grinding , and the noise has only gotten worse . Now , every three hours , we hear whirrrr-RAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-whirrr as the unit struggles -LRB- and often fails -RRB- to rotate . It sounds like someone is frantically rapping on our back door - so loud that it startles us awake at night.After one 3-day trip , we were annoyed to find that our cat had NOT been fed , simply because this feeder -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- had refused to budge , leaving two bowls in half-view ; poor kitty had had to use her paw to retrieve whatever dry food she could from both , and it was evident she had struggled doing this.In short , I regret this purchase , which is extremely rare for me to say about Amazon products we 've spent weeks researching . -LRB- The only other one I can recall happened to be a nightstand designed to hide a litter box . -RRB- Money wasted . I will disassemble it before throwing it in the recycling bin , just to see where the mechanism failed . Got ta be a poorly designed , or subpar plastic , gear train . So much for trying to improve the quality of our sleep -LRB- kitty has gone back to begging ... often ! -RRB- .
 Judging from all the positive reviews that swayed us to buy this feeder , our cat must be one talented cat ! If Amazon allows a negative video review , we plan to follow this up with actual footage of Lotus deftly reaching her paw inside the Petsafe feeder and dragging out the tray underneath the `` locking '' lid . Not the first feeder we 've ever owned , but definitely the least effective at keeping her out.A shame too . I was sold on the way you can set it at one hour intervals , instead of the blocks of time other feeders are restricted to . But the thrill of having a feeder you can set to the hour was short lived . The moment we went to bed , our cat was pushing it and playing with it like something she caught . Problem
 Our 's lasted for 8 months and then the motor died right before we were going out of town . I ran to the a nearby pet store to pick up a new one . Out of the box the new one was defective . The feeder would only rotate half way and then get stuck . I ran back to the pet store , exchanged it and the new one was also defective ! Same problem . So I picked up a PetSafe 2-Meal feeder and this has worked well , so far . -LRB- No motors or rotating with this one -RRB- . There is a silver lining . The feeder has a one-year warranty . I called PetSafe and they sent me a new feeder , virtually no questions asked . I did n't even have to return the broken one . In summary , I 'd still buy one -LRB- it seems to be one of the best feeders out there -RRB- . Just keep an eye on it and have someone drop by your home while your gone to make sure it is working .
 I got this feeder because starting last month my cat only could eat can food and that 's when my good night sleep ended . I thought this machine would save my life since my cat keeps us awake all night.When I finally got this machine , I just did n't see this could keep the can food fresh because the ice pack would n't be able to keep the food cold enough for the whole night . I was worried the food would spoil . . and especially my cat is very sensitive ... he would n't ate non-fresh food . Then when the timer was on , the bowl turned , it made such a loud noise , and just suddenly stop half way , so it stopped between two bowls , right on the divider . . so my flat cat could n't get his food.After two days with no luck making this machine work . . I returned it to Amazon .
 Our three cats learned to open this feeder in a couple of months . There is too much play in the lid - allowing little claws to get under and pry it open . Not worth the money .
 I have tried several products like this to help control my cats over eating but this one was the worst . It took less than 10 minutes for my cats to figure out how to get this open ! I was really disappointed because the concept seemed to be flawless . Maybe you guys will have better luck - my cats are just too smart !
 This device is made of inexpensive plastic -- very light and easy for your pet to turn over . The battery compartment is on the bottom and has no cover so once your dog flips it over -- they could chew up the battery ! The timer is not precise -- although the tops did pop open.I would not use this product with any animal .
 I did n't have any of the problems others have mentioned with my two cats opening the lids on their own , and to make sure the lids opened simultaneiously , I glued a tongue depressor across the top . HOWEVER , the timers simply do n't work . Sometimes they never move at all , other times they open but there 's no correlation between the time I set them for and when they actually open . So this feeder is essentially useless , since I ca n't ever be sure when it will open . I would strongly recommend against buying this product.One additional comment -- the reviews posted here are for both the 2-meal feeder and the 5-meal rotating feeder . It would be much more helpful if they were separated !
 I liked the premise of the item and it was highly reviewed so I decided to order it . It was easy enough to set up , although it is stupid the instructions are glued inside the lid . What 's wrong with the good ol' fashioned booklet ? I set it up and my dog understood what was up and then I went to work . I came home and it was in the middle of the dining room and you could see where she had scratched at it and tried to chew away the plastic . It did n't look like she managed to get the food because there was only one empty container showing . Well , I opened it up and I had filled the carousel and it was completely empty . My dog is not that wild either , never has really destroyed anything of value . So , to sum it up , she was able to tip it over or shake it out or something and it was n't durable or tip-proof as described so I returned it .
 It looks nice . It looks simple to operate . It does n't work . Not even once could I get the timer to work . In fact , one of the timers seem to be operating in reverse -LRB- e.g. set it for 8 hours , in 8 hours it was at 16 -RRB- . I am mechanically/technically inclined but do n't feel like `` fixing it '' new out of the box .
 Useless ! Clearly not designed by people who have cats , it took her 30 minutes to find out that all she needed to do was pull the tray out . I then glued the trays in , but with two of them they still managed to empty the thing .
 I 'm really sorry I did not do my research before buying it , I have a Boxer , and from the first minute she shredded it to pieces.If you have a large pet , or a heavy chewer , pass it over .
 In my years of cat ownership I 've come across cats who are whip smart , kind of smart , not that smart , and VERY cute but stupid . Out of my four one lands solidly in the stupid category . However , in one shining moment of brilliance he dismantled this product by taking his paw , dribbling the feeder like a basketball , and watching the little plastic door pop up . I watched this in astonishment , a man made product was thwarted by a cat who occasionally is terrified by his own tail . I had to give this product at least one star , because it 's given me fodder for funny work stories , and facebook status updates . Caveat emptor .
 At first , I thought this feeder did the job and I did n't have to get up at 4am to give the cat food when he pestered me . After a few weeks of using the feeder , my cat discovered how to jam his paw under the cover and pop open the lids . My cat is small but it is fairly easy for him to help himself . My dog also can get it open by force . This feeder is a great idea but is just not rugged enough to work for food driven animals like my cat . If it came in stainless steel and the covers came down further so as not to leave a gap this would be better .
 I recently purchased this item and promptly returned it because it was evident that my cat could easily break into the compartments . The the flaps that cover the compartments are not tightly sealed and so my cat could pry his mouth and face into the dishes underneath . Any highly food motivated cat would break into this dish .
 This product would have worked great if I only had 1 cat , or if each side opened up at the same time . I had read that sometimes the 2nd side was delayed , but our took nearly 15 mins . before it opened . So , 1 cat ate both meals , and I have 2 that needed to eat . Customer Service was very friendly & professional . Returning the product for a refund was no problem , either .
 I ordered this product so my cat would be fed when I have to work late . Within the first 2 times of using it , the cat learned how to pry it open and feed herself when she wanted . If you have a smart pet , this wo n't work !
 This feeder worked well for a few weeks , but our most agressive cat quickly learned how to turn the tray to reveal the next day 's worth of food . Our cat is now fat again ... moving on to another auto-feeder . If your cat is not real agressive in terms of trying to get food , this feeder will work fine -LRB- we have one cat like that ... she is still skinny ! -RRB- . But a smart motivated cat will get to the food .
 The feeder works good while it works , but it does not seem to be well designed in the motor as it failed after a year . While it was working , it is noisy when it rotates the tray . I would not recommend this product .
 If asked a year ago , I would have said that I love this feeder . However , it recently stopped turning . I tried replacing the batteries and resetting the clock and feeding times . I contacted the company and was told they would happily replace my faulty device ... for $ 58 !!! Ridiculous customer service and a product that lasted only a year ... not worth the money .
 This does n't work at all . From the first day it has n't opened on time . After the very first opening of the compartment it has n't closed flush so the cat can see and smell her food and forces it open . Do n't waste your money !
 SAfter returning three of these 5 day feeders for being defective , i thought that maybe i was doing something wrond.The tray would only turn one half way round , leaving a half tray emply and a haf tray of dry dog food.I returned it and ordered another and another ... finally i looked them up at pet smart , since they will not let you leavethe store with a defective product.The manager got one off the shelf , i put in my NEW batteries and he said `` here is how it works . . i am familiar with this and the two day feeder.After opening four other boxes , he was very perplexed as to why the trays would only turn half way.He was getting a little red in the face , then said `` just a minute , i 'm calling the company '' and he did.After a good wait , we finally got a tech on the line and all he ask for was the date code on the box , then he said return it to them and they would replace it for the customer with one with a 2010 model -LRB- all in the stores now are 2009 models -RRB- The 2010 model has the hex motor dribe under the five tray feeder made a little different . So it will sit further down on the shaft and engage the little white sendinf unit that tells the machine that it is ready to go.So basically ther e is no recall , but if you call the comapny they will send an updated version that really works , and something that works like this one is very nice to have.SO WHY AMAZON DO N'T YOU RETURN THE 2009 MODELS AND GET WITH THE COMPANY AND INSIST THAT YOU ARE NOT GOING TO SELL THE OLD MODELS , JUST SO THEY CAN GET RIS OF THEM AND FIXED LATER . ????
 I do n't know why the product information says it 's good for either dry or wet food since there is no ice pack included and the bowls are not airtight so wet food dries out within a half-hour . Very disappointed in this product performance .
 Ok , I would have given this one star if it one star if it were n't so funny watching the cats systematically tear this device a part . I would wake up in the morning olny to find no food and bent open . This did not work
 This bowl , i thought , would be a life saver for me ... not having to rely on friends constantly when I wanted to go out of town , i could put some ice cubes in the bottom , then wet food in the bowls , and set the timers , and my cat would be fed . And for the first 3 times I did this , it worked perfectly ... since then , the timers wo n't turn . I 've tried several different batteries and still nothing . Wish I had n't bought this , and now it 's time to beg my friends for their charity again , if I want to leave the cat at home for a long weekend .
 I had read other reviews that stated this product stopped working but I was hopeful that it was not the norm . Well it worked great for one month and now has stopped working . Of course this is several days after the warranty expired . Do not purchase unless you feel comfortable going away not knowing for sure if your pet will be able to have access to the food you left.Update -- the manufacture kindly replaced with an new item -- which stopped working after six months . Do not purchase or trust this product . Basically the timer they use is a cheap plastic piece that is not reliable . This is not acceptable when we are speaking about a pets dinner being served while we are away -- where is the trust in this product when that is exactly what you want for you pet .
 Ordered this product with such high hopes that is would work for just one day . Put the batteries in and the clock came on , set the timer . But the food tray never rotated . Not once . Tried every way possible . So I returned it and will look for something else .
 I would give glowing reviews to this contraption , as it did exactly what we needed it to do and the cat quickly came to associate the sound of the bowl turning with Food Time . He never did figure out how to get it to turn at off-times , and he 's pretty smart . On the other hand , I 'm giving only 2 starts because IT BROKE after 6 months of totally normal usage . Tried replacing the batteries and that did n't help at all . Very disappointed . -LRB- -LRB- REVISION -RRB- -RRB- - We thought that the first one breaking after 6 months was a fluke , and bought a second one , because our 18 year old cat bugs us mercilessly if we try to go a full night without giving him a fresh can of food . We 've had it for 2 months this time , and it broke . Of course . Tried changing batteries and it still does n't work . We 're upset with Amazon for selling such a shoddy product -LRB- we did get it directly from amazon -RRB- , and shame on us too for giving it a second chance .
 The feeder just did n't work . It would not forward itself even though nothing was blocking its movement . Save your money . This is junk .
 Unfortunately when I received this feeder it did n't work . The bowls never opened and I had to return it . Maybe a got a dud ? But , I 'm going to look for a different model .
 Tried numerous -LRB- new -RRB- batteries & thing would just not work . Customer service couldnt advise me other than to test it and see if it popped open in 2 hours . !? VERY disappointed ! Returning & requesting refund .
 This product is dumber than most cats , is rather noisy , fails as soon as the warranty expires , and PetSafe will not respond to your inquiries.As others have noted , cats will soon discover how to get into the next compartment by forcing the tray around . The motor makes a rather loud and obnoxious sound as the tray advances ; we moved the feeder into another part of the house rather than our adjoining bathroom
 This is a total piece of junk that never worked from day one . The lid never opens when the timer goes off . Do not waste your money !!!!!
 The timers are n't exact at all and when I tested the 2 sides , they opened at different times . Over all they use cheap lightweight plastic and it does n't seem like this will last . This may be fine for a cat or very lazy or passive dog , but we left this on the floor and our dog was trying to break into it . Also , he was waking up crying for food every day at 5:30 am exactly , so we wanted this to open before he did so . The timer just was n't precise enough and ended up just crying near the bowl . Recommend something you can set on the counter with a chute down to the bowl , etc and exact timer .
 First off , instructions were not in the box . I do n't have internet where I live so I was not able to download the instructions.We got this feeder to be able to feed our cat for multiple days . I set the program for 7am and 7pm and set all the timer slots . My mistake , -LRB- I think -RRB- is that I set all 9 time slots . Well , there are only 5 food slots . We tested with small 1 minute increments to be sure it was working and it seemed ok . I left for three days and when we returned , we discovered that she had n't eaten in THREE DAYS . The device was moving but bypassing the next full bin of food and landing on an empty.There is no setting for a day of the week so if you plan to use this for multiple days DO NOT BUY THIS FEEDER !
 I was excited to try this product but in the end it did n't work . The tray would rotate perfectly fine if I pushed the `` manual feed '' button but when set to the timers for whatever reason it just would not work . Not sure if the tray was getting stuck on something or what - but I ended up returning the item .
 we are on or 2nd feeder , both did not work when the lid was on . So sad ...
 Applied product as per instructions and it killed all fleas on both my dogs immediately . The next day they had fleas on them again . It appears this product has no residual repelling properties . Its consistency is a clear , curdled jell and pouring it can be tricky . For those people who have sensitive noses , it does have a pungent odor . I can get the same results with bathroom shampoo but without the stink and price . I 'm going with the pricy frontline for the time being and no fleas so far . Currently doing research on other cheaper products with fipronil in it .
 I use to buy this product online somewhere and it worked the first two times I bought it and then the next time I bought it , it did NOT work at all . My dog was ate up with fleas and we did everything . Then my cousin goes in half with me and buys Advantix and instead of putting it right behind his neck , he put it there and all the was down his back but to where the dog could n't reach to lick it and his poor thighs were infested with fleas and they all went away and they have n't been back since and I do n't want them back but that stuff is so expensive I 'm going to have to borrow money to buy some with because you have to have it . Advantix killed the fleas , got rid of them and kept them from coming back and it also kept the ticks off of him . He did not bring in a tick once this year , when they were out and I never had to get any off of him because that Advantix protected him .
 My female dobie mix dog needs 3 of these big red balls for our kickball game . Our OLD balls have held up well , considering the abuse they get . I ordered a new ball to replace the worst ball . The NEW ball lasted less than an hour . Another of my dogs , a 10-yr old Doberman , chewed out the squeaker too quickly for me to even notice what she was doing until it was too late . The seller was unsympathetic . So enjoy kickball with your dogs but do n't let the ball out of your sight for a moment ! The old balls are tough as leather but the new balls are just soft .
 Suitable for a large dog to grab , but the squeak mechanism is useless . If you dog responds to the sound , do not purchase this as the `` squeaker '' is very small and the sound is extremely weak .
 Lazy seller ... After waiting a month to receive my order and a couple communications with the seller , he got mad and cancelled my ordered.I got the impression this is a bother for him and he does n't want to be doing this as he said his stuff was n't suppose to be advertised on Amazon anyway .
 Not sure if fleas are building a tolerance to Frontline or what but we are still battling fleas after applying two tubes of Frontline within a 2 week period .
 It helped , but did not work as I expected . Eventually you are forced to bath , retreat and start the whole house and yard cleaning process over again and again .
 did n't work for my dog . it got fleas under Frontline `` protection '' . My dog lives in house and goes into the street just for walk . So , we used Frontline spray back home in Europe and never had any problems . But after using this spot Frontline for couple of weeks I 've noticed flees . Immediate extra application of Frontline did n't help at all - it did n't make any effect on insects . So , I finished up using Hertz for getting rid of them .
 this was not the frontline - PLUS I thought it was . Disappointed ! The box appears to be the same , but it was not . I thought I was getting a good deal , but I did n't .
 I applied this product to my 7 pound dog and after five days he was scratching . I waited five more days and checked his skin and found flees . This product has worked in the past , but you never know where it is produced . Looks like its time to find something that works . Too bad it cost me 63.00 .
 I carefully applied product per instructions to my two twelve pound dogs . The fleas were back in full force after ten days !
 I recently tried Frontline plus for the first time on my one year old lab pups . It did n't do a thing . I heard that dosing may need to be corrected ... but I followed the directions and applied for their correct weight ... I suppose I could up it . . but I worry that this will make the dogs sick . NOT impressed .
 I received the package , but when I went to use the product one of the six applications had leaked all of the medication . I paid for six and in effect received 5 treatments .
 I did n't see much of a change in the fleas on my dog while using this product ! Do n't think it helped at all !
 I put this on my dog , and I still saw a flea crawling on his belly . Now , I do n't know if maybe I did n't give it enough of a chance , but I instead went and got the tablets from the vet .
 Spoke with my Vet . and she told me this product does n't work and she is right . I have put it on all four of my dogs and am now having to switch to advantage . DO NOT WASTE YOUR $ $ $ $ $
 frontline top spot does NOT kill larvae , or flea eggs . so when you apply yea you kill adult fleas , but in a few days the larvae grow to adulthood , and the eggs hatch to become even more larvae and VIOLA , more fleas ! BUY FRONTLINE PLUS TO KILL ALL AGES OF FLEAS , EGGES EVERYTHING , but but but MAKE SURE IT IS A US PRODUCT , OTHERWISE IT CAN NOT BE INSPECTED AND REGULATED BY THE EPA . you can get bogus stuff ! be aware , do lots of research on seller . they use different names , write their own good reviews etc. . . YOU CAN FIND GOOD ONES . I HAD A SELLER SUSAN SOMETHING ?? SHE WAS GREAT , BUT CAN NOT FIND HER ANYMORE : -LRB-
 I have had my dog on K9 Advantix all summer , and just now started on the Frontline due to a customer service issue with the Advantix . Living on Long Island , which is one of the highest density Lyme Disease and flea areas of the eastern seaboard , it 's important to me that when i take my dog to the state parks , he comes back without `` friends '' . All summer and up until about a week ago -LRB- which coincides with our first walk in the state park since being on Frontline -RRB- , he never had fleas , and I can count on one hand the number of ticks I found on him . With our first treatment of Frontline , approximately 2 weeks into it , he is biting and scratching like a maniac ; when I washed him with flea shampoo , I could watch the fleas jumping off!I 'm VERY disappointed in this product , especially since I now have 5 months -LRB- $ 50 worth -RRB- that Amazon will not allow me to return because of the chemicals within it , that I will NOT be using . K9 Advantix will have all of my future business because this stuff does n't work . If I 'd known Amazon 's return policy on it , you can also bet I would not have bought 6 months at a time.So , I guess I 'm very disappointed in both the product and Amazon 's lack of up-front return policy acknowledgement .
 I used this on my puggle who has suffered from skin allergies . Because of all her itching , she 's thickened the skin on her back . Our vet gave her an oral flea treatment two weeks after I treated my dog with Frontline because she was absolutely crawling with fleas . The vet said the Frontline would n't work efficiently because of the effects of her skin allergies . Just a warning - i know that Frontline works well on our cat , so your pet probably could benefit from this only if it has normal , healthy skin .
 I decided to try out Frontline &#34; Top Spot &#34; this year rather than the previously used Frontline &#34; Plus &#34; because we do not have a problem with fleas . What I learned is that for ticks alone , the single ingredient -LRB- fipronil -RRB- &#34; TOP SPOT &#34; does not appear to work as well as the dual ingredient -LRB- fipronil plus -LRB- S -RRB- - Methoprene -RRB- Frontline PLUS . In other words the extra ingredient that is supposed to work for fleas actually seems to make Frontline Plus work better against ticks too !!!! I guess the other possibility is that I received a bad batch of Frontline Top Spot . Anyone else have a similar experience ?
 I bought this product thinking it would get rid of fleas on my dog , instead it did the opposite . I used it and saw that it draws fleas to your pet and then sterilizes them , not kill them . So it uses your pet as bait to get the fleas and then the fleas die after a few days , but this does not stop the fleas from biting your pet . So this was not a great product and the reviews never mentioned this . So I was not happy with this product and will never purchase this again .
 Top spot does not seem to work as good as the Frontline plus product . Had I known this I would not have purchased this .
 We have two dogs . Both are Sheltie 's . One is 11 and the other is 6 . We bought Frontline on the internet and applied to our dogs over Memorial Day Weekend . Within hours of applying the Frontline , our oldest dog became lethargic , not wanting to eat , his back legs became stiff and he experienced difficulties getting up the steps . We were away when this happened . I found it very strange that my dog became so sick within hours of using Frontline . When we came home , I found this site that indicated other dogs have had similar experiences . My husband took our dog to the vet . The doctor could not find anything visibly wrong with him . He checked him for lyme disease which can back negative and then ran additional blood work . The next day the vet called and said our dog was in kidney failure . He recommended giving him liquids to see if we could kick start the kidney 's . We took our dog over and started liquids immediately . Our vet is pretty much the main vet we always took our dogs to . Our dog was in for a check up several months back and everything was fine . He explained that with kidney failure the signs are subtle and are not usually picked up on until the dog is in very late stages of kidney failure . I spoke with the vet and asked him about the frontline . I explained that we gave it to both dogs . The one dog seemed fine . However , our oldest dog went from being happy , energetic to just lying around and not able to get up the steps . I asked the vet if the kidney failure could be a result of the Front line . The vet told me he had never heard of anything like that but he could not rule it out . He said you should only buy Frontline from a vet . He said if you see Frontline at stores or on line , it may not be the same product . He told us that Frontline only sells its product to vets . He asked me to bring the Frontline box in the next time we were in the office . Two days later , we brought our dog back for fluids again and I gave the doctor the Frontline box . He reviewed it and said it looked to be the same thing . He recommended that I contact Frontline and report what happened . I contacted Frontline . The person I spoke to from Frontline also told me that if we did not buy Front line from the doctor 's office they could not guarantee we actually got their product . She said they only sell to doctors and hospitals . I asked if Frontline only sells to vets , then how is it available other ways ? She said `` I do n't know . '' She said there are products that indicate they are Frontline but they are not . She tried to re-assure me that Frontline did not cause Kidney Failure in my dog . I recommended that she go on line and take a look at these postings . I told her what some of the postings said and how would she feel if she were me . She said she would think the same thing . She said kidney failure does not usually happen as quickly as what happened to your dog . She provided me with a case number and told me the EPA would be contacted . Within hours of contacting Frontline my dog died . He was a great dog and a huge part of our lives . He is so missed . We will never know for sure what caused his kidney failure . Possibly , it was happening to him and he showed no outward signs and when he did he went from happy and running around to difficulty walking , eating , etc. . However , I will always have in the back of my mind the timeline of when we applied the Frontline to when he was diagnosed and died . If you are going to use this product on your pet , please do not buy it anywhere other than your vet . The one clear message that came out of all of this is `` If you do n't buy it from the doctor then you have no idea what you are giving your pet .
 The box on the product site shows 6 month supply , but the package received only contains 3 month supply . I knew the price was too good to be true , so be forwarned . It is available for less anywhere , including my Vet . No reason to buy from them . They need to update the image or clarify in the product description !
 I ordered two packs , 6 month supply each . I received two packs , 3 month supply each . I could have bought the same product elsewhere for a lot less money . I feel ripped off.Frontline Top Spot for dogs 23-44 lbs .
 I will NEVER use Frontline on one of my dogs again . I have 2 dogs , I put this product on both of them a few days ago . One dog is fine , but the other got SEVERE chemical burns from this . She is in a lot of pain and she 's got blisters like crazy , which are now starting to ooze . I am taking her to the vet this afternoon . Some dogs just seem to have a reaction while others do n't . I will never again use it on her . Please be careful and watch any new animal you try this on .
 I intended to order Front Line Plus instead of the Front Line . The Front Line Plus contains an ingredient that kills newly hatching eggs that are not affected by the non-plus product . The regular Front Line does as advertised , ie it does kill fleas but does not take care of the eggs like the Plus version does . Dogs are scratching like mad only a couple of days after application of Front Line . Not worth buying if it only lasts a day or two .
 When I received the order of Merial Frontline I noticed the serial # on the box did not match the individual 3 packets inside . I called Merial and they advised not to use the product but to notify the business that I ordered from . I emailed the company several times and finally received a reply that if I sent it back they would refund my method of payment , I have yet to receive that credit . They explained it was probably an error by the manufacturer .
 My dog has been on Frontline ever since I adopted her from a shelter . Never had a problem with it before . However shortly after I received and applied this batch she contracted fleas , which she promptly shared with my indoor cat.I know , I know -LRB- now -RRB- that the cat should get it anyway , but it was still an unpleasant suprise to discover a flea infestation on a dog that should have been protected . So that makes me wonder - what exactly did I receive from this company ? How much of actual Frontline was really in the product that was mailed to me ?
 After waiting for almost one month , I have finally received the product I ordered . It seems there was a problem with the shipping . When I did not get the product in a timely manner , I contacted the seller by e-mail . They responded quickly . We e-mailed several times and then they called me . The question was , do I want to cancel the order and get my money back or have them to re-send it . I took a chance and had them to resend it and it arrived within just a few days . I might note that my original order had two items in it . The first item arrived without an issue . JNS was pleasent to deal with and I would give them another chance when ordering .
 It has been way over a month since I ordered and still no merchandise.So if you need it within a couple weeks do n't order .
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.In particular , this bowl is * not * ideal for goldfish and bettas.Goldfish grow to be up to one foot long . Even when they are smaller , they produce a lot of waste . Goldfish need 10-20 gallons of water * each * , and they are schooling fish so you should n't have just one.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 Okay , got ta say that I do n't know if our mice are the exact same , because we no longer have the packaging . I did n't buy these here , but they sure look the same.The jingle bells at the end of the tails need to be REMOVED immediately!Don ' t let your kitty cat have those!While it might be okay if you could supervise every waking moment , but you ca n't . With cats especially , you ca n't always see them when they are playing with toys , like when you are asleep or they hide under a couch.The balls are a good size for choking!NEVER give your cat something with jingle bells on them.While the noise might seem like fun and a good idea , it is a very real choking hazard.The manufacturers who place jingle bells and little pompons on cat toys apparently do n't liketheir customers very much .
 The mouse is much cuter in the picture than in reality . I am sure my cat does not care about that one bit , I just expected it to look different . Aside from that , cat is not interested . Oh well .
 I bought a few of these in different colors when we first got our kittens . They are well made and look cool . They acted like they were afraid of them . I thought maybe they just seemed too big for them , so I put them away for awhile . Now that they are 1.5 years old they still show no interest in them at all . What a shame ! Atticus does like the Sugar Glider made by the same company . I think it 's the fuzzy tail that gets him .
 This poop picker upper pan is all aluminum so it wo n't rust . I leave mine outside near the dogpen year round for easy access . The pan is the largest I 've found and it can hold a few days ' worth of my boxer 's messes . The front edge lays flat and even to get right under piles . Two improvements could be a higher panel on the back side and an ergonomic wrist supportive handle . Due to the size of the pan when its full it can be heavy and a strain on your wrist .
 We are now in the third week of the second month , and the cats still have fleas . Given , they are not as numerous as they had been , but I 'm going to chalk that up to the fact that we clean like we have nothing better to do . Today , I hit my limit and went to Frontline Plus 's website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to find out what specifically `` Satisfaction Guaranteed '' meant . At $ 80 for the two month 's doses , it was worth checking out , in my opinion . Unfortunately , their warranty only applies to medication that is purchase from a vet . Additionally , it only applies to the third month 's dose - meaning you have to shell out for two months worth of an ineffective , expensive product before you can hope to get any sort of positive support from the company -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Definitely check out their `` guarantee '' before wasting your money on them.We have indoor-only cats -LRB- we got the fleas compliments of a visit from a friend with multiple dogs -RRB- and we 've never had a problem in all the years we 've lived here . We bought enough Frontline Plus to dose the cats for two months - just in case . The first month - there was absolutely no difference between using Frontline Plus , and not treating the cats at all . I 'm 6 months pregnant , so I 'm ultra paranoid about making sure that we get rid of this problem before the baby is born . We washed all the bedding , my husband sprayed the rugs and furniture with an anti-flea spray twice , we vacuumed rugs and upholstery every other day ; did everything else we could think of , and still the cats had fleas.The package clearly states `` Research demonstrates that Frontline Plus kills adult fleas , flea eggs , and flea larvae for up to six weeks , '' so I was n't sure why we still had a problem . When I called toward the end of the first month , to find out why it was n't working , I was informed that while it kills the fleas , eggs and larvae , it only does so for the fleas that are currently on the cats ; new fleas are not necessarily effected . So we should continue to treat the cats with Frontline Plus , and hope that the cycle breaks next month . Ummm . Not exactly the response I was hoping to get , but we 'd already bought the next month 's dose , so we tried it again , keeping up our routine of changing the linens frequently , and vacuuming like we were germaphobes . We 're now at the end of month two and with very little change.I have a sister-in-law that lives out of state who is a vet-tech ; she 's sending us Revolution , and swears it 'll take care of the flea problems -LRB- and more ! -RRB- in just one dose . Do n't waste your time and money on Frontline Plus .
 The package came on time , but 3 of the 4 little applicators had a leak in them and were half empty by time they arrived .
 My neighbor told me that we have a really bad flea problem and she has not had any luck with any of the flea products out there . Thought I would try Frontline and see but it did not work .
 I have been using Frontline regularly to treat my cat for the last 8 years . I recently bought from this seller -LRB- Mak ` nTracks Pet Supply -RRB- because of the good price but I do not believe that this is the real product for two reasons . First , although the outside packaging looks right , the color of the actual containers that the product is in are blue . With ALL other Frontline that I have bought through the years , they are always green . Wrong color makes me think something is not right . Second , this simply did n't work . Frontline always works for us , but here we are 2 weeks after treatment and my cat is scratching worse than ever . This does n't ever happen after a treatment .
 I just spent $ 140 on this stuff for my dog and cats . Put it on them about 2 weeks ago . They are ALL still covered in fleas . My dog is scratching in front of me as I type this . I do n't know what to do . Spending all this money and no results . Very frustating !
 Well , it 's flea season in Dixie . Cats started scratching , I forked over a fortune on Frontline and ... it did not even phase the nasty critters . Treated the carpets , ran a flea comb over the cats for larva & eggs , washed everything , vacuumed till my power bill went up , but the cats still have fleas . What is worse , is that because Frontline is such a heavy duty pesticide , I felt that it was prudent to wait at least a week before treating them with another knock down dose . I 've been flea combing them daily and there are plenty of healthy fleas per cat.One week after treatment with Frontline alone , with no results , my vet suggested a pill , Capstar , to kill the adult fleas followed by another application of Frontline . My cats are miserable and I 'm still bleeding from shoving pills down the throats of three kitties . Frontline alone is not enough for Southern-bred and born fleas . I 'll keep you posted on the Capstar , flea comb , OTC carpet spray n'sprinkle , followed by Frontline . Seems that I did not have this problem with Advantage .
 After finding the code numbers were not the same on both package and applications I chose not to give this . The articles I read on fake products was scary .
 I used this product correctly on my indoor cat who has never had a problem with fleas . While it may have looked like this product initially worked a little they were back after 2 weeks and I do not have fleas in my place anywhere . I have to wonder if what was shipped is really the true Frontline product ? I have used other brands on her and they did the job fast and properly , after reapplying a 2nd time , they have returned . All I can say is buyer beware !
 Very disappointed in this product from this company!It is basically not working.I have used this product many times with complete success.This company must be selling old outdated merchandise , but I could not find an expiration date .
 I have three indoor only cats . We have never had fleas until very recently when the area around our complex 's dumpster got infested . The fleas must have hitch hiked on my ankles because my townhouse is now completely infested with them . I bought the Frontline to use in conjunction with the $ 100 + spent on spraying the house and yard top to bottom and all the smelly shampoos . Sad to say the fleas are still sucking my cats dry . Just shampooed one of my cats 3 weeks after applying and I counted at least 40 fleas in various stages of development . Wo n't be using Frontline again .
 i have used frontline on my 6 indoor cats for years always worked realy good this time i ordered it and put it on all my cats who were flea infested did not kill a flea i dont know if frontline has changed there formula or what so i bought some more frontline and all my cats still had fleas so i switched to advantage 12 hours later my cats had no fleas . worked realy great
 Like others reviews , I have found this that product DID NOT work ! There is no way this is an authentic product . My poor cats are suffering horribly now . They only had a few fleas when I put this on them and today they had about 10x that !
 Fleas came back after three days and then the cats started scratching again . I was surprised that Frontline did n't work . I have used it last year , but it did n't work at all this time .
 I ordered this product for my cat , as a change from Advantage II , because of the less expensive price . I applied it as directed to my cat who was , until this time , completely flea free -LRB- thanks , I 'm assuming , to Advantage -RRB- . Three days after applying Frontline Top Spot , my cat was INFESTED with fleas . His neck , head , and underarms were covered , and every time his scratched , flea eggs rained onto the table . The ONLY change in my cat 's life was the brand of flea treatment we used . I am pursuing a refund and will NEVER but Frontline again .
 I normally buy Advantage , and decided to try this product since it was cheaper . Never again . I wasted my money , so I did n't save a penny . I will now have to buy Advantage , since this product did not work . My cats are blonde and orange , so it is very easy to see the fleas on them . And this product , after 3 weeks , did not help at all.It is worth it to pay more money for a product that works , instead of being ripped off . Little wonder my Vet does n't sell this .
 Just took the cat to the vet who were instantly skeptical that it was real . Its not the same thing based on where its made and this stuff is made in france not the USA and the people I spoke too said it very much makes a difference . I could n't be more pissed off .
 I am not going to buy pet meds online anymore . My mothers cats got poisoned from this stuff , and I 've never had any problems from buying from a pet store . Very sad !
 This particular product did n't do anything for my 3 indoor cats who sporadically got fleas . The fleas loved my kitten and he was covered . We washed them and applied the product and the fleas were back on the next day . The next time around I bought Frontline Plus from Amazon and that worked right away . I do n't know if this was an old batch or maybe the Plus made a difference -LRB- although I thought it just protected against ticks as well -RRB- but either way I would n't buy this one again . I only spent a few more dollars for the `` plus '' version and it was worth EVERY penny .
 I purchased this product for my indoor cats . I followed the directions , kept an eye on my cats to make sure they didnt lick themselves constantantly . I did not notice any change in thier contstant itching , and still saw flees on them . Dont waste your money .
 I thought this stuff would work pretty fast . But I still see my cat scratching ... Could it still be fleas ?
 I recently used this on my cat and developed a serious case of contact dermatitis . It is in the pattern of a scratch on my leg - I am guessing I pet my cat while it was still wet , got some under my thumbnail , then scratched my leg . There is also a patch of dermatitis on my palm , where the fingernail of my thumb hits it when my hand is closed . The patch on my leg is very painful , with huge weeping blisters.I actually went to the doctor for an unrelated issue and when he saw my leg , he asked `` how did you burn yourself so badly there ?! '' He was shocked when I told him it was from exposure to a `` safe '' pesticide.I will not be using the rest of the doses I have - I ca n't imagine something that would hurt me this badly is good for my cat .
 I have used this product for two months now and we still have fleas in fact I believe they are worse now then before I wasted the fifty dollars . I would have given it 0 stars if they would let me .
 This flea medicine was effective and safe in the past . We used it . But it does not work now . We purchased from various sources
 I tried this product on my cat who is an indoor/outdoor cat and even after the second application she still had fleas . The more I read about it , the more I realized that this produuct works better to prevent fleas but mainly ticks and does not get rid of fleas well once the cat is infested . I bought Advantage and it worked way better .
 I sent this as a gift and was told the bowl broke , the stuff animal was not for a dog , the items looked cheap . I will not use this company again .
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.In particular , this bowl is * not * ideal for goldfish and bettas.Goldfish grow to be up to one foot long . Even when they are smaller , they produce a lot of waste . Goldfish need 10-20 gallons of water * each * , and they are schooling fish so you should n't have just one.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 The first one of these I bought BROKE and I had tiny pieces of lead shot all over the aquarium . The lead shot is in the bottom of the glass thermometer and is used to weight the thing down in the water . I managed to get all of the lead shot pieces picked out of the tank . These are VERY SMALL pieces I might add . That was not a lot of fun to say the least.I went to the pet store to buy another thermometer and the choices were so very few -LRB- they were out of stock on just about everything -RRB- that I ended up with another one of these things thinking that maybe it was just bad luck with what happened with the first one . WRONG . The new one was off at least 8 - 10 degrees so it went back . Fortunately the pet store received a stock shipment of other types of thermometers so I ended up with a completely different brand - thank goodness.By the way - when I was comparing these thermometers in the pet store , I noticed that all of these that were on the little peg all showed a different temperature -LRB- based on the temp in the pet store -RRB- - just goes to show how accurate they are . I wished I had noticed this before I bought the second one.This things are cheap and as the old saying goes - you get what you pay for .
 We have one of these ... actually two ... and they consistently give inconsistent ratings -- we could n't figure out what temp our aquarium was really at , since when the heater kicked on was unrelated to what the thermometer said , and as we moved one around the aquarium it would vary by as much as 10 degrees and so when we got one for our second tank and found IT had inconsistent results too , we put the two thermometers next to each other -- just 1/2 inch apart , and they 're typically about 8 degrees different . I have no idea which -- if either -- is accurate , or whether they both fade into and out of accuracy .
 I do n't like the design of this product . It was cheaper than the other one I bought but now I can see why . It 's a hassle trying to get it on the dog . I felt like I was figuring out a puzzle each time . I also did n't like how when my dog moved around or pulled on it the restraint was digging into her mid-section . Then there was the attachment clip . It 's supposed to plug into the seat belt plug . Well mine kept popping out and would n't work properly in my Toyota van . Even when I thought it was secure my dog even managed to step on the button and release it ! Not something I 'd trust while driving with a window down . I ended up just putting the belt through the loop instead . I just did n't like the design of the product . I have another with a full vest type unit and am much happier and it 's a one step process getting it on or off the dog . This one went into my pile of used dog items that looked good but were a disappointment .
 I wish I would have read somewhere that this is only half a gallon . It would have been amazing if it was a gallon . It looks nice but too small .
 We bought this item for our cat , whom we inherited from a neighbor . The cat is obviously overweight , so we got the harness to get her some exercise without the worry of losing her . A car went by and alarmed her . She panicked and got out of the harness in less than a minute . Yes , we had it on correctly . If you have a small cat , who is already used to going outdoors for a walk with you , AND nothing startles your little feline , it MIGHT work . It ' not very high quality , and not at all secure . Obviously , I would not recommend this product . I gave it one star , because it was the lowest rating available .
 I have a cat , Loki , who used to enjoy going outside , but he would sometimes get easily distracted and want to chase after anything that moves . I used to have a nice cat harness , this is not like it . Like the other reviewer said , a cat can slip out of it if he/she tries . Luckily , Loki did n't attempt that . My issue was that the harness just did n't fit him . All three of my cats are larger then what most people picture when they think `` cat '' , but only one is overweight . Loki is just too big for the harness . I still was able to use it by extending the part that goes around the waist using an old collar , but no matter what , it is not a secure harness . There are better ones out there . Unfortunately for Loki , we moved , so he hates going outside now that we live in the city .
 I thought I was ordering this product for my cat , and received the product for cattle , so I never tried it . Sorry !
 This item is a waste of money !! My dog still scratches and it smells horrible and leaves the smell on there fur and also stains it if they are light color !!! WASTE OF MONEY !!
 This product , to be fair , is said not to be for human use , but as far as I know good quality ivermectin may be used internally or externally on animals and humans ... usually get my supplies for my humans from vets ... cheaper ... thought I 'd try this for scabies varians canis in a human ... no dice ... so follow label advice ... no humans for this product ... or at least not where there is a possibility of multi-drug resistance as in this case.Cheerio
 The treats were ok , my main complaint is they were small about the size of a lifesaver.Which made it hard to give them to my medium size dog as a treat.One treat just di not do it.This package should be labeled for toy or small dogs .
 I did not buy this on Amazon but wish I had . I paid $ 20 for this size tube at my vet 's office and the cats will NOT touch it . Not mixed in food and will let it just sit there if I put it on their fur . At least had I bought it on amazon I would n't be out AS much money . I 'm here looking for the human powder supplement hoping that will work by mixing it in the food .
 I tried this on my cat for feline herpes . What a mess . It just poured out of the tube and smells awful . It gets all over when you try to put some on the cats lip so it is eaten . Would never buy this again !
 Unfortunately , my cats would not eat this gel . I have more success mixing ground lysine pills with Nutrimalt . The pills are hard enough to push down their throats if they do n't like the Nutrimalt .
 I 'll preface this by saying there is nothing wrong with the supplement itself . My two cats have been on it for years . I thought it would be more convenient and I could save some money purchasing on-line versus buying at the vet 's office . The packaging looks identical except for one thing - the hole in the tubes I received are huge !! The ones I have purchased from my vet had much smaller holes . I would then enlarge it just a bit with a drill in order to dispense the product into an 5 ml oral syringe . This made medicine time a much faster proposition than these tubes are turning out to be . It 's messy and time consuming trying to load the syringe and I end up wasting product . I 've not been successful giving it to them any other way . The product cost plus shipping was n't less then getting it from my vet and it has certainly NOT been any more convenient !!
 My cat did n't like this gel at all . It is a maple flavor , sounded funny but I thought I 'd try it . Worst of all the seller refuses to offer a refund or exchange ; I am not pleased with this transaction .
 I am not pleased with this product at all . We have two kitties who we bought two tubes for and neither of them will eat it at all . Will not buy it again and would wish to be re-imbursed . This would encourage me to seek your products again should you consider refunding this . Thanks so much!Betty
 We 've been using the paste version of the for awhile but got the gel last time . Unfortunately , my kitty wo n't eat the gel . The gel is also messier .
 I have been trying to use this product for over 6 months . I used to work in the pharmacy at a vet , and we told clients that the cats will love the taste . Boy do I feel like a liar ! My cat hates it , and giving it to her in an oral syringe is traumatizing her . Just ordered the lysine powder based on its reviews , hope she likes it !
 Unable to get cat to take it , and her symptoms cleared themselves over a period of time . Did not work in this case ,
 I have three cats and none of them like it . I had to put it on their paws or syringe it into their mouth to get it into them . Will not purchase again .
 My cat hated it . I was so hoping that he would like it after reading other reviews . But he did n't . Oh , well .
 I have two cats that carry the herpes virus and have been giving them 500 mg lysine -LRB- human-grade -RRB- for years . I give 250 mg twice a day which adds up to 500 mg per day . It is critical that my boy get the full dose or his symptoms will emerge . After several days on this product -LRB- I tried both gel and powder form -RRB- , his symptoms emerged . I had been giving him either 1/4 of a heaping teaspoon of the gel and/or a generous scoop of the powder twice a day . These amounts should have added up to just over 500 mg/day . -- I suspect they were n't . I think the distribution of the drug in the carrying substance may be uneven or inadequate . When the herpes symptoms emerged , I put him back on human-grade lysine and his symptoms abated.I will not use this product , and can not recommend it . I think it is better to buy human-grade lysine and mix it in food or pop it in the cat 's mouth -LRB- just before eating so the pill does not stay in the esophagus and irritate it -RRB- . If one is not feeding the cat , one might flush with 4 to 6 ml water to prevent throat irritation and ensure the pill is washed into the stomach.The seller agreed to allow me to return it , but said I would have to pay for shipping . I did n't like that . Amazon gave me a $ 10 credit toward a future purchase because of my dissatisfaction . I also contacted the manufacturer to let them know that there may be an issue with the amount of drug in their product . I did that today and have yet to hear back . I will update this when I do hear from them .
 It works , I suppose if you can get your cats to eat it . However , the gel is much too thin -- it leaks out of the tube , and my cats fling it all over if I try to smear it on their coat . They wo n't eat it when I add it to their food . They much preferred the old formulation , which is no longer available , I guess .
 I have ordered many tubes of Viralys gel over this last year and found it made a great base for adding powder supplements to be syringed for my cats . This last order I received of 2 tubes , I noticed immediately that the color has changed to a very pale yellow instead of the orange-y color it used to be and the `` liquidity '' is now like that of thick hair gel ! What is even more disturbing is that the `` liquidity '' is DIFFERENT in the 2 tubes I received ! This would indicate a lack of quality control and a legit reason to be concerned about the integrity of this product at this time . 05/13/09
 It 's drippy , oily and difficult to get into my cat . I would not call this stuff a `` gel . '' Zeke does n't like it , and even if he did , it would drip off my finger way before he could possibly lick it off . Perhaps my vet made a mistake in giving me this , instead of the actual `` paste ? '' Anyway , it 's expensive , and I do n't have time to administer this stuff to my cat 2 times a day , as I must use a syringe , tie him up in a towel , and force open his jaws . I am investigating other options , since he no longer is fooled if I mix in a crushed tablet in with his favourite treat -LRB- yogurt -RRB- either . And if I put this drippy oily stuff into anything , he wo n't go near it .
 I have a kitten that had discharge coming from her eyes and nose , and was sneezing often . My vet suggested I try Viralys , and showed me at her office how much I should use and how to administer it . We both noticed that my kitten was not pleased but decided I would try it given the vet 's experience with the product . Unfortunately , it has been very difficult to administer to my cat . She does not like the taste , even when mixed with wet food -LRB- she leaves it alone -RRB- . I tried putting some on her paws but once she tasted it , she left it alone . My older cat does not like the taste either . Had I known that my kitten would be so sensitive to this taste that she did n't like , I would have opted to pulverize lysine pills and sprinkle them on her food instead of spending much more on a messy gel she does not like .
 Cats are carnivores . Too bad the makers of this product have n't figured it out yet . My cat loves fish and chicken but wo n't touch this maple syrup flavored stuff my vet recommended . I donated it back to them . Sorry Charlie . Maybe you can get Mikey to eat it , however , Jake wo n't have anything to do with it . Jake loves Vetri-Lysine Plus Soft Chews 4.23 oz
 Please consider this before buying.Recent peer reviewed studies have shown Lysine to be ineffective for treating upper respiratory illness in cats : Study 1 : Am J Vet Res . 2009 Nov ; 70 -LRB- 11 -RRB- :1391 -400 . Effects of dietary lysine supplementation on upper respiratory and ocular disease and detection of infectious organisms in cats within an animal shelter.Drazenovich TL , Fascetti AJ , Westermeyer HD , Sykes JE , Bannasch MJ , Kass PH , Hurley KF , Maggs DJ.SourceDepartment of Surgical and Radiological Sciences , School of Veterinary Medicine , University of California-Davis , Davis , CA 95616 , USA.AbstractOBJECTIVE
 the worse quality , the glue falls off the ornament on the ribbon and can create a problem if your little pooch eats it , cant get them to stay together . will try gluing them into place myself but I recommend dont buy choose one without the problem unless you dont care what your poochy swallows
 I just wanted to keep the dog smell out of the house so I picked this product because it seemed to have good reviews . Now my poor great dane puppy 's coat is dry and he has dandruff . He even started to cry when I put it on him because it contains ALCOHOL , which will burn if he has any open cuts or sores . I had NO clue . I thought he was just being whiny . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!! It says ALL NATURAL , making you think it 's safe but ALCOHOL will only hurt your dog . Very disappointed .
 Realized after I received the product that it contains isopropyl alcohol , which would actually dry out and irritate the dog 's skin and exacerbate the dander . The ingredients really should be listed in the product description . Did n't find it very effective either . Returned product .
 What a disappointment this product was . I was so hopeful that this would help reduce my allergies to my cats , especially paired with the allergy reducer spray . It did not . Like the other nature 's miracle product I purchased , at least it smelled ok and dried quickly .
 My sister is allergic to dogs but not severely . I tired using this dander remover 3 times and she still had problems . For the amount of money plus shipping that this solution costs , I would expect to have better results ! Do n't wast your money !
 This is the worst treat I ever had ! My labradoodle puppy hates them ! When I was teaching her to dance I was rewarding her with these . And the next day she threw up right under the kithchen counter ! GROSS !!!!! And then when we took her to the vet we showed her the treats and she said SHE HATES THEM .
 After using the bacon flavor for training my CKC Spaniel -LRB- who did , LOVE THEM ... they must be VERY tasty -RRB- , he had very soft stools and complete runs all night , every hour . After 5 days on the same diet , we took him to the vet , and pulled the treats . He 's much better now . This product has sugar as the # 4 ingredient . Look elsewhere for a good treat .
 This product made my puppy throw up all day , i had to take her to the vet . Do not recommend this product its just made up of sugar and lard . she wont even eat these anymore . DO NOT BUY . it will harm your dog
 I ordered that treat for my dog , she loves halthy treats.Probably she would love this one but when I received it found out it 's almost six months after due date.So be careful ordering treats for your little ones .
 Length :
 We purchased this pond filter in late 2008 , and as of two years later it has just simply stopped working . We fortunately did not have the same issue as previous reviewers -LRB- cracks which lead to draining of the pond -RRB- , but overall this unit is not worth the money . For $ 200 + , you can most likely find a better filter that will last more than 2 years .
 I bought this item and there were 2 pieces missing . They were the screw on caps -LRB- item I -RRB- for the inflow and outflow . I returned the filter and received a new one . The new one must have been from the same defective group because it was still missing the 2 screw on caps.I am now going to try and deal with the manufacturer directly .
 Just a warning ... I purchased my Fishmate 2000 Pressure Filter from Foster-Smith on 5/2008 and it busted open leaking water from the side 5/2012 . Same thing happened to me as another reviewer posted from 2009 . Except I was lucky to catch mine before all of my fish died . I also cleaned it regularly and took proper care of it ...
 Received filter and plumbing pieces were not in the box . Had to go to hardware store to buy parts that were supose to be in the box . Items were listed in the directions .
 Sadly , this product does n't seem to have any big effect on our rambunctious Lab . Oh well , we tried .
 My labs had the tennis ball skin on this toy peeled off in the first day . Not the quality that I expected for an item that carried the Kong name .
 LOUD squeaker . . drives me nuts . . also my dogs chewed the green covering of the first day !! will i buy again ??? NOPE
 My Lab mix destroyed this toy in about 2 hours . Not for tough chewers . He did like it while it lasted .
 My dogs still love this toy but , like many have stated , the squeaker broke and my yellow lab has managed to bite numerous holes though each end making it likely that I will be throwing it away soon to prevent him from choking .
 read all the reviews on this product , bought two for my goldens who love tennis balls and love to chew , litterally within 3 minutes they both had torn the covering and was eating it . waste of money , dangerous for dogs !
 Our dog loved this toy . Sadly it only lasted 6 days before the cover tore off one of the balls and the next day that part of the ball cracked and was easy to destroy . Disappointed pup and owner !
 Not at all durable as advertised - puppy tore apart immediately and this was just a waste of money &#128530;
 I purchased this Kong Dumbbell for my Alaskan Malamute . She loved it and licked it more that she chewed it that first day , but the next morning she had a seizure . This is the only time she has had a seizure , and it may not be related to this product , but I am curious if anyone else had a similar experience . The product is made in China , not the US as is stated in the description.I am going to try to have the product tested and I 'll update this post if I am successful .
 My catahoula loved this toy the most but destroyed it in a day . She played with it non-stop until it was in several pieces .
 I purchased two of these . One did not squeak upon arrival . I sent both back . I did not reorder . I also had the Kong Air Dog football coming from another supplier on Amazon . It arrived today and I squeezed it twice and threw it for the dogs in the front yard . We have two dachshunds . The third time I went to ` squeak ' and throw it-it did not squeak . Very , very disappointed . I was under the impression that KONG toys were durable .
 We threw this toy for my rottweiller , he only fetched and brought it back with squeeking it by biting when bringing back , the squeeker quit sqeeking within 20 minutes , the soft yellow fabric is starting to peel off . I would not buy another one of these
 I got this for my dachshunds they tore all the fuzzy yellow off on the first day ! Its a no go for dauchshunds !
 Great squeaker . After an hour our bull mastiff had torn off the cover . Nice hard tennis ball ends , but it has to last more than an hour .
 I will never buy another Kong toy like this or the squeaker balls again . Within minutes I was digging big chunks of the yellow fuzzy stuff out of the dog 's mouth . Same thing happened with the squeaky balls and with the ones attached to ropes , they chewed the ropes off both within 10 minutes . Complete waste of money for several toys . And I ca n't imagine that stuff is good for your dogs if you do n't catch them in time .
 Learned my lesson
 I opened the box handed to my dog a boxer/pitbull mix and he ate right threw it in a matter of minutes !! I had pieces everywhere . I was really hoping to find a squeaker that would last more than 10 minutes !!
 My 5 month old lab/border collie puppy loves squeaky toys . When she received it for Christmas she loved it so much that she destroyed it within hours of having it . The felt on the surface was totally peeled of and the squeaker was ruined very fast . The dumbell also broke off in little pieces and we had to take it away from her , fearing that she would swallow them . Your dog will love this toy , but it wo n't last very long .
 Our 4-month old pups were given the Squeaker tubular tennis toy . Within a week the squeaker was dead and one end was completely chewed off the toy -- the latter happened in the space of a couple of hours , it was fine one minute and later that day it was destroyed . I never found the squeaker and can only pray no intestinal problems develop from it . I have yet to find a toy that stands up to a teeething puppy . We have the rubber teething Kong for puppies and they do n't like it at all . We have the rubber teething stick -LRB- s -RRB- and small pieces get chewed off constantly . We have the `` heavy-duty '' black and red Kong tug-toy and in the first hour pieces of the black handle were all over the floor . As far as durability the best are the Kong rubber bones that can be stuffed . The dogs have a lot of trouble getting the stuffing treat out however
 My little poo-mix dog is not a heavy chewer -LRB- hardly even got the toy to squeak -RRB- , but after only a few hours she was able to chew off a side and I found the squeaker on the floor . I 'm just thankful that she did n't try to eat it or choke on it . We 've had other products from this company , and they were just fine . I would not recommend this one , though . We 're going to stick to the non-squeak toys from now on .
 Once the item arrived , I cut off the tags and gave it to my Husky immediately . The toy has a wonderful concept since my dog loves the squeaky sound , yet my husky tore it up within 15 minutes . For $ 7 , they toy should have lasted longer .
 I purchased the Air Kong Squeaker dumbbell for a friends small dog . The dog is only about 9 months old and weighs about 15 lbs . My friend indicated that 10 minutes after she gave him the toy he had chewed it up . The insides were hanging out etc. . . I had hope the toy would have lasted much longer then that , but unfortunately it did not . If you have a dog that is a chewer , this is not the toy for him or her .
 I purchased this at a store , not here on Amazon . -LRB- Nothing against Amazon -RRB- I have several different Kong toys for my mini Bull terrier , who is an extreme chewer . This toy was ripped apart in less then 2 hours . By day 2 , it was in a million pieces . Knowing he is an extreme chewer we do give him bones and such to chew . But whenever he gets a new toy it 's game on for this little pooch . So if your dog is a serious chewer then do n't waste your money . I thought this toy would hold up atleast a few weeks before he could rip it apart . I stick to Kong toys but for the extreme chewer toys . Which Amazon does offer . -LRB- The Kong ball is great fyi -RRB- Hope this helps : -RRB-
 On the plus side , the dog instantly went crazy for this toy , and has been chasing it since she got it yesterday . She runs for it , then squeaks it a couple times , then brings it back for another toss . That is where the problem begins . The squeaker disappeared - it is just glued into one end , and suddenly it was no longer there . The dog began to chew to find the squeak , and started to remove the cover . The squeak is irresistible , but the toy is made like a tennis ball , and the cover can be easily chewed off . I do n't think that the dog is a hard chewer , but this toy certainly did not stand up . Disappointed .
 My pup loved it while it lasted , but I wish this was made of harder materiel . The squeaker was a little annoying but funny . This toy lasted about 2 hours and was torn apart , one of the balls was in 1/2 . Careful to watch your dog as this could become a choking hazard
 I ordered this and the Wubba Kong toys for my 6 month old Lab mix puppy . He had both ruined within 48 hours . What a waste of money .
 Joy , oh joy ! My 2 year old Malamute was overcome with joy to get a new squeaky toy !!!! It brought happy tears to my eyes to watch him tip his head in curiosity and anticipation -- what 's in the bag Mom ? What 's that noise ? And it looks and feels like a tennis ball !!!! He bounded around happily squeaking his new toy . We threw it around , he caught it on the bounce , squeaking it joyously ... until ... within 2 minutes ... mute ... sad , sad , sad and confused brown Malamute eyes . Where 's the squeak Mom ? He pauses and bites down -- whooshy toy ? Whooshy sound ? not so exciting ... . Ok . He 's really big and has huge wolf teeth . But really , 3 minutes?I 'm on a quest for a better squeaky toy .
 It only took 30 minutes for my 11 month old Jack Russell puppy to destroy this toy . I thought a Kong toy would have lasted longer .
 My English Cocker Spaniel took this apart in minutes . Not a good toy if your dog has a habit of taking soft toys apart .
 My Leonberger destroyed this Kong in about three minutes . The rubber Kongs are nearly indestructible , but these &#34; tennis ball types &#34; are not for big dogs .
 My dog destroyed this in minutes . The toys was fun while it lasted . Not meant for a dog that likes to chew .
 My dog loved this toy . Unfortunatley , it is not a toy for agressive chewers . It lasted all of about 45 minutes .
 My medium size border terrier who is a regular chewer played with this toy for about 5 minutes before it was all ripped apart . All KONG toys are typically high quality and durable , this is the first time I am disappointed with this brand .
 Being a Kong product I had high hopes and did n't pay enough attention to other reviews . My 8 month old puppy had the yellow fuzz off in no time but still enjoyed playing with it . I left her alone for awhile and came back to see it chewed to pieces . She managed to swallow a chunk of the rubber which caused gastric distress and a visit to the vet . A sleepless night with a sick dog and a $ 250 vet bill to make sure there was no blockage made this an expensive toy . If you buy this do not leave it with your dog unsupervised .
 This is the worst toy I have purchased . My 40lb Australian Shepard had all the yellow felt peeled off within minutes the squeeker came out shortly after . Waste off money .
 This toy lasted barely an hour . My dog peeled it like a grape and chewed a big hole in the end . If your dog is an agressive chewer I would not recommend this toy . Our dog is a 50lb jack russell / shepherd mix . She is an insane chewer . So far the only toy she has n't chewed up is the origional red kong and the West Paw Design Zogoflex Dog Toy Tux ; and not for lack of trying . We have tried almost every toy for agressive chewers and so far these are the only two toys that have held up . We have had them for nearly 6 months and they are still completely intact . I would definitely recommend them but not this .
 This product smells like tires and was made in China , not the US as advertised.Returning product .
 I understand that this is a dog toy and it will eventually get chewed up but completely disintegrated in a mere couple of hours ? I would have gave it a extra star if even the rubber bone underneath the tennis ball coating would have lasted but my medium sized dog annihilated this toy into pieces in a few hours . Your better of buying a bag of pig ears that would strangely end up lasting longer . This dog toy is a Fail !
 My 10 month old Boston Terrier/Pit Bull puppy tore it up.Day 1
 My dog was really excited about this toy , but bit through it within the first 10 minutes of playing with it . Now it does n't squeak or stay inflated . He 's not a big dog either , 20-lb chihuahua mix . Would not recommend this toy .
 The squeaker stopped working almost right away , and this is from a dog that is not a strong chewer . If your dog likes to squeak , do n't bother with this . As a regular chew toy it will probably last a while , but it is less firm than a regular tennis ball and may not hold up to a big chewer .
 Each of the three bags in this order -LRB- Kaytee Spray Millet for Birds , 12-Count -RRB- contained very large quantities of loose millet , collected at the bottom of the plastic bag , clinging to the front , or seeping from the bag . Not surprisingly , large portions of the sprays in each bag were bare/denuded . The impression given is that these millet sprays are old . I have purchased this product -LRB- Kaytee Spray Millet for Birds , 12-Count -RRB- from different venues in the past . Each time the millet sprays were in good condition , good quality , and Heather -LRB- my lovebird -RRB- really enjoyed them . The order that arrived today is a very big disappointment to me , particularly in light of the fact that Heather and I just spent several days without power , heat , and light as a result of Hurricane Sandy and I 'm trying to build up her strength with good quality food .
 I only have one budgie -LRB- parakeet -RRB- and do n't use a lot of millet . Therefore , I bought thisKaytee 6-Count baghoping it would be a reasonable alternative to buying the smallest amount of fresh millet I could find , which is 5lbs . However , I was very disappointed with the condition of what I received . The Kaytee bag contained a whole lot of loose seeds . In fact , the sprays were bare in some places due to all the seeds that had come off them . I uploaded a picture to show what I mean . I assume this was partly because the stalks were very dry and broke easily . Another concern I have is that the seeds were pale and looked unhealthy when compared to sprays from the bulk box at my local pet store . The uploaded picture shows them side by side.Realistically , this stuff wo n't go to waste . My budgie will eat any millet he can get his beak on and I can sprout the loose seeds for him in myEasy Sprout Sprouter . However , I wo n't purchase this product a second time .
 The spays were battered and broken , and a third of theof the seeds were at the bottom of the package .
 Sure did fail to spot -LRB- understand -RRB- the 12 count discription . Must have thought it would come as 12 packages for the money . That would have been a great deal . The price for just one package was way out of line . Way over local store prices and I live where supplies are costly . Other offers were much better .
 Sizing on this site and shipper 's site is inaccurate ... go one size up . Quick shipping , but does n't really matter , since I 'm going to have to return it to get a new size .
 I had the opposite problem as the other reviewer -- on my -LRB- small for her breed -RRB- Newfoundland , the skunk tail started about her waist !! I added 1 ' worth of black material and stapled velcro to keep the tail around hers , but it was ridiculous . Way too small . Adorable though ! So hard to find outfits large enough for Giant breeds .
 The outfit was adorable , but the sizing indicated in the description was not accurate . We ended up returning the outfit due to the fact it was about 2 sizes too big .
 My dog is long in length but has a thinner torso , so this costume was right in length but way too big around her neck and body . The costume also came with some rips in the material around the stripe in the back . I contacted the company to get an exchange for a Large and told them about the tears in material and they were easy to work with . Two weeks later , the costume still had not arrived . When I called back , they told me they were out of Larges - so why did n't they just tell me that in the first place ? My money was refunded , but now I am stuck with an X-Large skunk costume with rips and no Halloween costume for my dog .
 I did n't read the review that someone else posted ... and I wasted $ 20 . They wo n't take returns and we received it only to read the back that lists dogs that are more in the 40 lb range for the X-Large size costume . Needless to say , I 'm very disappointed , ca n't return it and it wo n't fit my 80lb German Shepherd puppy ... . Sizing information would 've really been helpful .
 I thought this costume was really cute in the picture . I have an 11 month old female golden retriever , not yet fully grown , so to be sure it would fit I ordered the XL . It absolutely did NOT fit . It was way too short , so the tail of the skunk was laying on the middle of her back . The front fit alright around her head but because the costume was too short overall , it kept pulling back thus the skunk ears were on my dog 's neck . There also is n't enough velcro to secure the costume onto the dog and the one velcro strap that goes under the belly was too big . I could not keep the costume on my dog at all while she was walking around.This costume is more for a large breed but with a short torso and big waist .
 The sizing of this costume is wrong ! It does not fit my runt sized skinny American Bulldog or my Husky . I am really disappointed !
 I was very disappointed in this costume . It was very cheaply made and in order to get the length needed it was far too wide and didnt come close to fitting appropriately . There was no way it was going to stay on , even if it did fit ! I had to go and buy a different costume .
 the description does n't mention that it does n't include the leash or harnesses , in my opinion , not worth 8 bucks for something so simple
 the description does n't mention that it does n't include the leash or harnesses , in my opinion , not worth 8 bucks for something so simple
 i would n't recommend these to anyone . These boots do not stay on even after tightening the strap the the maxx ! Do n't waste your money .
 I should have listened . Mittens do n't stay on dogs ' feet , period . These came off the first time I tried them , got lost in the snow , it 's over . Nice price , but I had them on snug and they came off . Sigh .
 I really really wanted these to work for my adopted 8lb pom - adorable 11 yr senior . Did n't even last for 2 city blocks . The toe area started to shred - and no , he does n't have long nails at all . I need shoes to protect his nails - he tends to drag his front paw and vet recommended boots . So if anyone out there has a suggestion , would greatly appreciate it !
 I put these on my chihuahua and once he got used to them could walk ok nut first snow after arrival , he came in shivering . I checked his feet and inside the boots and feet were cold and wet . Boot was cold and wet inside . Dog did not go in deep snow so nothing came in from top of boot .
 Positive
 bought these boots on ebay because they sounded durable , but they 're not . we put them on our dog 's feet and within a few laps around our back yard , they started wearing through . ca n't anyone make a real boot for dogs ?
 I bought these when I moved to NYC with my little southern dog . They go on fine , but I do n't like how much velcro is left after getting them on the dog . Also , they do n't keep his feet warm at all . He has to walk through snow to get to his little potty area , and the cold and wet go right through the leather on the bottom . I 'm going to try Woof Hoofs next .
 These boots arrived very quickly , well-packaged , and they were really cute . The size chart is exactly right-on ; they did fit , but they twisted around on my dog 's feet with every step she took . Unfortunately , however , the boots literally fell apart within a week . My dog did NOT chew on them , as she is not a `` chewer , '' although she does tend to lick her feet sometimes , which is why I had the boots on her . We never even went for a walk in them ; she only wore them in the house , and only while I was there . I 'm thinking that if dog saliva ruined these so quickly , then they probably are n't going to last in `` extreme '' weather conditions as is implied in the name of the product . I 'm glad I did n't take her out in the cold and snow with these on as I 'd originally planned .
 They are useless for my corgis , the fly off with the first paw flip . Since one of my corgis is extremely sensitive to salt , I am pretty disappointed with them and am on Amazon looking for something that will really work . I 've had them for a few years and never used them since they do n't stay on the dog . A few day ago one got a bad paw cut so I used one over a bandage and it stayed on , but now I have the bandage off and it flies right off .
 I bought these boots for my seven-month-old pitbull-terrier . It 's winter time right now , so the ground is cold , wet , and people put out rock salt to melt the ice . I take my dog Jefferson out for walks and also jogging.After the 10-minute walk , I took the boots off and the red lining was falling apart on his paw . Also , his paws were wet -- and wet equals cold . The packaging says , `` keeps paws warm and dry . '' It does not keep paws warm and dry if your dog 's paws are getting wet . I 'm gon na keep looking for something better .
 For the price , I suppose these small boots would have been OK , although I doubt they could handle extreme conditions.The small boots were WAY too large for my medium size Boston Terrier . The company was slow to respond to my exchange request , and their policies were so ridiculous that the cost of the boots would have tripled by the time an exchange was made . I would not use them again .
 The small was too big for my maltese buddy , so i asked for a refund but the seller never responded back . . Horrible service . I will never buy from this person ever again . And to the money that i 've lost due to the ill information provided about the size , i 'll just think that i donated to the extreme poor of the poor . .
 I got this for my dog and though I got a `` small '' size it was still too big for my dog -LRB- it looked like a large -RRB- so I contacted the seller if I can make an exchange and they were not cooperative at all . Bad business practice . Will never buy from this seller again .
 As another reviewer said , these are great boots in that they go on easily and stay on , but they wear out quickly . We have an active golden retriever and the boots stayed on no matter what he was doing . Unfortunately , I do n't think we got more than about a dozen uses out of them before the sole of the boots disintegrated . Granted , some our walks were on roads with a combination of snow , sand and salt , but the sand and salt were part of the reason we wanted boots . These boots might hold up longer on a dog that was only out in the snow . I 'm looking for a sturdier boot for our dog ...
 Very unhappy with these boots . Upon returning from the first walk after a rain , when I took the boots off the dog , her feet were wet and cold . The boots were soaking wet all the way through .
 My small dog has been wearing these for just half an hour/day during his walk at the park . Easy to put on , soft , velcro keeps them in place . However , the soles are torn after just a month of use . Disappointed .
 First this comp hX lozt my ordsr and.s.my new.horse.was comingng j needed this.so w lost order . . they.couldnt.evsn find order n0mber or.tracking.i.hsd to.soen 19 bucks at feed store toborder s new 1 ... my.amazon . . order got.here a week ksterz ! Thanks for nothing
 Product description asks customer to please measure dog . No size chart available in product description . Would be interested in buying this otherwise .
 I had used the sticky paws that comes on a roll before and it was pretty effective , with about the weight of packing tape and quite sturdy.This is very different . It comes In sheets and is so delicate that the slightest touch can render it useless . It 's more like the consistency of cheap off brand plastic wrap that sticks to nothing but itself . Very disappointing .
 On the package this stuff says `` Wo n't harm fabric or cats ! '' It 's easy to apply , does n't leave -LRB- too much -RRB- goo behind . And it kept our one bad cat from picking at the part of the door where the tape was . Unfortunately , our good cat thought the stuff tasted good and would sit and lick it . I read the rest of the packaging to see if it was harmful to be eaten and the package says this on the back `` Sticky Paws is not intended for animal or human consumption , and may cause injury or death . If ingestion occurs , seek immediate medical attention . In no event shall Fe-lines , Inc be responsible for any damage to furniture or any other applications , or for any bodily injury or death to any person or animal . '' So we had to immediately take the stuff down .
 My cat keeps scratching the carpet under the door , and since I 'm afraid she will ruin the carpet and it wakes me up throughout the night , I put a twin draft guard there and stuck some of this stuff onto it to keep her from ruining the carpet and waking me up scratching at the twin draft guard . It worked for 8 days , but then she started doing the clawing again with the sticky stuff there . I even tried putting another layer of strips down , thinking that maby the week-old ones were n't so sticky anymore , but she just kept on scratching .
 I love the bed , but this cheap sheet shrinks -LRB- and so does the bolster sheet -RRB- after washing in cold water and line-drying . Ca n't even use it now - should have just saved my money and used an old bed sheet .
 This sheet makes the Cool Bed look slightly more like a typical dog bed but the quality of the fabric minimizes the improvement . The fabric appears to be a low quality , very low thread count synthetic fiber weave . Perhaps the sheet needs to be this way so as not to impede its heat transfer effect , but $ 20 is way too much for what you get here .
 Bought this to cover the K&H Cool Bed 3 and the first time I washed it shrank and faded to the point it was unusable .
 I ca n't believe how cheaply this cover is made . It 's not even an entire cover , it 's more like a fitted sheet . I ended up throwing mine away . Plus , it has an awful chemical smell that I 'm sure is formaldehyde . If you do decide to order this , just know that it 's not worth the packaging it 's sent in .
 I was very disappointed how flimsy the cover is . `` Did I pay $ 12 -LRB- size M -RRB- for this ? '' came to my mind immediately . I can make a better cover . I understand the cover needs to be somewhat thin . But this is see through thin . Please see `` customer image '' . Any young dog will destroy it in a day . I can wrap the bed with old pillow case perhaps ? I will return it . TG it was a free shipping deal .
 Cover has no sure way to stay on as dog turns , digs and moves around . Only velcro tabs . Should be zippered .
 I understand that any cover for this kind of bed would need to be thin , but this cover seems incredibly cheap . Unless this cover 's price goes way down , you 'd be better off covering the bed with a thin blanket . It was priced at $ 12.99 at the time of this review ...
 I followed the manufacturer 's instructions to wash and line dry the sheet . It shrunk and does not fit the bed . It is a giant waste of money .
 Do n't waste your money . The material is thin and cheap , and I 'd have to say a kid in a Junior High home economics class would need to do better making something like this or be faced with a very disappointing grade . The product description unfortunately is n't lying , only because these are obviously the only covers produced for the Cool Bed 3 .
 This felt very cheap and did n't quite fit the cool bed properly . I would n't waste my money !
 The name leads you to believe you 're getting a total of 3 sheets , but i should have looked closer and realized that 's the name of the company , and it does shrink , even if you follow the washing instuctions , wished I would have put my money towards another type of dog cover .
 I could n't get the air out of this after putting the water in so when dog layed on it , it had big bubbles of air and dogs legs were sticking up in the air . It just did n't look comfortable at all . Tried multiple times to remove the air to no avail . Sent it back and got one of the SoothSoft brands which I had in the past that works better .
 This item was never received . Out of stock . Would still like to order but not in stock , ca n't have it then .
 Purchased for the Cool Bed 3 , it fit before I washed but not after . I did n't even need it , it probably would have came off anyway since I bought the bed and sheet for travel . The bed is GREAT , but you probably do n't need to waste your money for the sheet since the bed is wipe clean plastic and you can just cover it with towels or a doggie blanket of your choosing = -RRB-
 These help with the look of the cool beds and are thin enough to offer comfort for the dog but THEY SHRINK ! We washed in cold and it did not matter . Buy more than 1 to be safe !
 It does not seem to make sense for the cool bed , it like a big doily . Waste of money , it should come free w the cool bed
 poor quality fabric . does n't fit well . I would just use a blanket instead of buying the sheet .
 the cool bed fitted sheet is made so cheaply and made of such a rough material that we did n't let our dog sleep on it , despite all the attempt of washing it .
 Less than two weeks after being purchased the 10 year old labrador had chewed off the the corner of the cover , and into the bed , and this is a dog that does n't normally chew . This is a flimsy cheap quality product .
 This cover is made with elastic to hold it on the bed , it looks like a sheet but does not stay on the bed .
 Alright , so I 'm writing this as a warning to others buying this to find this defect and fix it before putting it in the cage with your animal so you can avoid having an evening like mine ! There is a hole along the seam where the red fabric meets the inner lining . My ferret turned his sleep sack inside out last night , found the hole and crawled inside to sleep . The hole had a lot of loose threads and frays inside it and my ferret 's neck got wrapped up in them . When I found him his was near death ! I had no idea he was in so much trouble because he was inside the sack and I could n't see him ! The vet said he likely got his head caught in a loose loop and then barrel rolled trying to escape . He almost asphyxiated to DEATH this evening . Prior to tonight , this sleep sack was really great . We have a cold laundry room where the cages are and he seemed like he really loved sleeping inside it more than his hammock ! Like I said , I 'm writing this as a warning , not to dis the product . It 's a good product , but beware of this issue and avoid the trauma my ferret and I experienced today and fix the hole before you give it to them .
 Unfortunately the sleep sack did not come with a hook to attach it to the cage , causing our ferrets to drag it down to their litter box the first night . I put it in the wash -LRB- following the directions and on delicate cycle -RRB- and it tore itself apart . It 's now no longer the advertised product - just a big piece of cloth with holes in it . We tried tried putting it back together but it was easy for the ferrets to tear it back up and make the holes even bigger . Until we washed it it did okay - as far as staying in one piece . There 's just no way to keep it in one place in the cage .
 Unraveled along the seam the first time I washed it . It 's now being used as a rag . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this from another web site . the quality of the clips keeps going down hill . The clips are so difficult to open to hang in the cage My ferret loves these hammocks . I like their old hammocks but with these clips like they are making them now I had to return it .
 I bought this bed as a Christmas present . The cats gave it a look , smelled it , and have n't been near it since . Because they ordinarily love new beds , I 'm guessing there 's `` something amiss '' in this product .
 I bought this for my Shepherd Mix who gets really hot in the summer . Here 's the main reasons I say to NOT buy this
 I had this product for 2 weeks . I was initially surprised when I opened the box and saw the thin plastic bed . Its a plastic bag with foam in the middle . I thought it odd that this was for dogs but we tried it . It lasted 2 weeks when my dog bit the corner of it and I woke up to a puddle around the bed . Maybe ok for an old dog . So I wrote to the company and told them what happened . Here is their reply : `` I 'm sorry to hear that your dog ruined his new cool bed . Unfortunately we can not offer a warranty against destructive pets . Our warranty is strictly against defective products.Thank you , Carrie Fox `` So much for the warranty ... and when I replied I 'd be posting it on a review I got this reply `` I hope that in fairness when you post your very bad reviews , that you will be honest and tell the whole truth that it was in fact your dog that destroyed the bed.Thank you , Carrie Fox `` Well Carrie , I have posted the whole truth.Now you can decide if you want to waste your money on this product .
 I purchased the Cool Bed III to use in my car kennel for cooling my dog after working in the field on a hot day . What was n't written on the info is that the bed is plastic with a foam interior , the water you put in the bed will turn into a hot water when left in a warm car , so you have a hot water bottle instead of a cool bed . As for draining to let dry out and keep from molding , it is impossible , the bed has a poor hole but impossible to drain the water from the foam interior . One more thing , be careful who you order from because the place I ordered from would take it back but was going to charge me a restocking fee .
 We got this bed to help keep our hot dog cool in the hot desert summer - our pup likes to lounge outside but he just gets so hot ! Well , when I opened this package , the instructions said that this bed may not be used where it is over 95 degrees . It did n't say this in the Amazon description , and I think it is important for potential buyers to know this . We 're returning it after all because we do n't want to risk flooding on our new Pergo floors -LRB- other reviewers mentioned this problem -RRB- , and now we ca n't even use it outside .
 My dog did not like the water movement of the bed . It is very very hard to empty and even when I did , it quickly smelled like mildew I laid it flat , on the line , in the sun , rung it out , nothing dries this thing out . Had to give up and throw it outand do n't by the the cover for this its a waste and very cheaply made
 A waste of time and money . Opened it and filled it with 3.25 gallons of water per the instructions . Pressed out the air as instructed and water squirts out the end seam . Glad I caught it before we put it on the floor . Aside from the defective nature of the item we received , it 's just cheap junk . The water plug does n't even lock or screw in place . It would inevitably pop open and flood the floor . The air valve for removing air has no cap at all and it 's a 2 way valve . It just pushes into the bed about 1/2 inch . What are the odds that this will not pop out ? This immediately went back to Amazon . Save yourself the hassle and find something else . This is garbage .
 I purchased this bed for my elderly lab , but , I could n't get him to use it no matter what I did - I have two other smaller dogs , and I could n't get them to use the bed either - they 'll only lie on it if I sit there beside them - once I get up , they get up - they 're not impressed with the bed at all .
 This is just a bag of water without any cooling properties ! Also flimsy as my dog chewed the corner off the bed in less than one week . A complete waste of money .
 Yes , the large one I bought 11 months ago weighed a ton with water in it . I used a hose to fill it , and the foam inside clumped up from day one . I wish I had known about the `` broomstick fix '' when I was trying to get air out of it . Ever try to crawl/roll along , on the floor to ... well you get the picture . Mind did n't leak - go figure . I threw it out today . Unfortunately , my two dogs loved the thing . They are sitting at the door waiting for me to bring it back . So ... I 'm buying another one with one day shipping . Oh , did I mention that I paid $ 36.55 for this same item 11 months ago ?
 This is one of those products I wish I had n't bought . It leaked right away and my dogs were actually afraid of it . I have three dogs and we live in the Southwest , so it was HOT this summer and I could n't coach one of them to even sit on it . My husband made fun of me for buying it . Just wet your dog down with some water from the hose and save your money ...
 We bought two Cool Bed III in April of this year . We have three dogs and two have arthritis so we thought this would be a good alternative to laying on the cold tiles . -LRB- Joints get warm from arthritis -RRB- Nightmare to fill the beds as they get all wobbly . None of the dogs wanted to get on them and they did n't stay cool at all . After 3 months of moving them around to clean the floors under them , we see that both beds are molding from the inside . I emailed customer service who send a really rude reply that `` we needed to re-read the instructions as we obviously had n't seen that we had to clean underneath the beds once in a while for the beds to not get moldy , due to condensation . The beds `` sweat '' when the dog 's body heat in on the cool surface '' . . OK so that might have been a plausible cause if the dogs had ever laid on the beds , or if we were in fact slobs not cleaning the floors . -LRB- The beds are an absolute nightmare to move around -RRB- Except the mold was on the INSIDE of the beds . After a long talk on the phone telling them that they needed to fix this - we got a second rude email saying that obviously we must be in an area with bad water quality causing problems . They are sending us two new ones , as they refuse to refund the money . I am never buying from this company again .
 I purchased the cool bed , which I know , is a big success , but the one I received is broken . The foam fabric that holds the water and makes the bed ` cool ' was folded and when I filled it , the bed was only ` cool ' in one small section of the entire bed ; the whole bed is suppose to be ` cool ' . Also , I can not return it , so I 'm uncertain as to what I should do , because I dried the bed out and tried to fix the foam , but it did n't work . Epic fail .
 I do n't know why the picture in the review say coolbed II . They really need to get it together.Anyway , my dog wo n't come anywhere near this thing , and I understand why . It reeks of plastic and , after several scrubs with soap and water as well as sprays with odor nuetralizers AND the passing of six months , it still reeks of plastic . It is a very unpleasant smell . Theoretically , it would work as described , but my dog nor those of the two neighbors that I know who have bought it will go near it.Good luck !
 Had one day of use of it until I noticed the leak inbetween the seam . It was a waste for us . I did n't bother trying to send it back , it would have been more of hassle that what it was worth .
 i am very dissapointed with this item . i thought this well recommended item would bring some happiness to my dog , but on the second time refilling it , underlining snapped off from both sides and once that happenes , there is nothing you can do . So , i ca n't use it and ca n't wait to return it .
 Great idea except it 's got problems . It smells like a swimming pool in your room . It 's quite heavy once you put the water in the mat . Worst thing is my dog hated it . She 's a 2 year old lab , and she freaked every time she stepped on it . It 's like a water bed . I tried it for a week , and she started to refuse to enter her crate . It felt cool to touch , but it does n't matter if your dog won `` t lay on it .
 I would buy anything for my dog and since it has been so hot in southern california I decided to buy it . Well , I did give this product the benefit of the doubt multiple times but in the end I was just fooling myself . It was n't even cold to the touch . It was messy , heavy , and does n't do what it says it does . Cool my dog . She would much prefer to lay on the wood floor since it is cooler than the coolbed iii . It should just be called a water bed for dogs . It is great cushion for her though . I 'm contemplating if we should fork out the money to return it . The return policy is n't all that great . Bummer . I think I 'll look into a electrical cooling bed for her next . very disappointed .
 I bought this product based on other reviews , of which most said the product worked . Well it does n't !!! It may be the heat in Northwest Florida however after i put the required amount of water into the mat and waited an hour and placed my hand on it it did not feel cool at all . It was honestly a waste of hard earned money $ $ $ . Take your chance readers , because i know you will . Hopefully it works for you but if you live in a warmer climate good luck ! That 's the whole reason behind getting it . IT SIMPLY DID NOT DO WHAT IT SAID IT WOULD DO !
 It does keep the dogs cool , and worked fine for a few months . However , it has now been three months and it is starting to emanate a very unpleasant chemical smell .
 I was so looking forward to making a cool place for my elderly dog in the Hawaiian summer heat . She wo n't go near this thing . It stinks to high heaven . A cheaper alternative is to swap out wet towels all day long . Do n't buy it .
 Rather disappointing because very heavy and difficult to move once it 's full of water . Therefore must be placed permanently somewhere and not moved around .
 My ten pound , three month old Wheaten Terrier tore the corner off her bed within a few minutes . If there were a frame that could prevent a dog from biting an edge of the mattress , I 'd give it another try .
 This is a great idea but becomes too heavy when filled and the cool stuff inside lumps up . The directions are precise but it proved to be impractical . The dog lays on it anyway sometimes , lumps or not .
 I bought this dog bed looking for a comfort from the heat as promised . It broke the first time I poured the water in it . It stinks !!!!
 These pads depend on the underlying surface being cool , which does n't happen outdoors in Phoenix in the summer , where heat penetrates a couple of feet into the ground or other outdoor surfaces . And they 're not suitable for indoor use since they 'll inevitably get punctured and leak . The cushioning is good , though , and in temperate climates -LRB- or air conditioned dog house/kennel -RRB- they 're probably quite comfortable .
 I purchased two of this version , Cool Bed 3 earlier this year -LRB- April & May , I believe -RRB- . They are both coming apart at the seams already and leaking water . I have older dogs -LRB- ages 11 & 13 -RRB- that are about 80 & 84 pounds . These are just used to lay on . I am very disappointed that these are not as sturdy or durable as the previous version I owned -LRB- Cool Bed 2 -RRB- . The Cool Bed 2 lasted for at least 3 years , was far easier to clean and had larger side seams.The Cool Bed 3 is not worth the money . You are better off finding version 2 somewhere . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Really , 4 stars for the product & 1 star for me ! What WAS I thinking ! The bed filled with water easily & was amazingly cool to lay on . I even considered sleeping on it !! My dog loved it ! He loved it so much that he chewed a small hole that converted my living room into a swimming pool @ 4am , no less ! So ... . Great product NOT for 8 mth old previously well behaved , `` thought you 'd stopped chewing '' puppies ! LOL ! If there is ANY chance your dog will chew , do n't do it ! Otherwise it is an awesome cool bed !
 My pup took one nip at this thing and it flooded his crate . You would think the fabric would be stronger , or bite proof ! It 's not , and it 's thin plastic . Waste of money : -LRB-
 My australian cattledog has an illness which makes it difficult to regulate her body temp . She prefers to lay on the floor of the shower - I thought by getting this bed that she would spend more time with me . She refuses to lay on . I have tried all kinds of things to get her to lay on it but as soon as that water moves or makes any kind of noise - off she goes . The same goes for my other two . They refuse to use it . They snatch the treat and off they go to some other area . It 's been a futile effort .
 I really rely on the reviews on Amazon.com and felt that this was going to be an amazing purchase , but it was n't . It was horrible . Do you remember that 1980 's waterbed your older cousin had in your uncle 's basement ? This is n't quite that bad , but it 's close . Remember , you 're filling this thing with water , so you better like where you put it because it 's difficult to move . I made the mistake of filling it up outside with a hose and regretted this decision . My dog liked it , but when it was time to move this monster , I had to empty it in order to get it inside . When I did this , the foam bunched up to one side and made it impossible to fix . Long story short , I just finished printing out the return sheet to send it back . It 's a shame because I was really hoping this would be a great product .
 I received this cool bed III two weeks ago , it is already broken -LRB- water leak -RRB-
 Seems like a good idea , especially with the temperatures this summer . Unfortunately , this product just does n't work . Does n't stay cool and it 's just a durable plastic with a foam core , there is nothing separating the water from the foam . You ca n't get the water out tolet this pad dry , hence the inside becomes moldy , and you ca n't replace all the water to get it cool again . Just does n't work .
 Did n't even make it 24 hours before my dog ate the corner of this bed and made it leak out everywhere . I 'm very bummed , because he is a Bernese Mountain Dog in Texas and gets very hot . I had high hopes , and I 'm still going to see if I can patch it . SO , if you have a chewer I would n't buy this bed .
 Buyers beware ... be prepared to constantly check your floors for water damage , and realize that the product and warranty are NOT as advertised.Eight month ago I purchased the cool bed III and recently the corners began leaking . I contacted the manufacturer and was told the defect was covered and that `` You can purchase a new one first and can go through any of our retailers . The Cool Bed III has a 2 year warranty so we have time . `` I did exactly as instructed , including paying to have the defective mat shipped back to K&H ; only to be told that they will not refund the purchase price of the original or the replacement bed . They also informed me that I was welcome to take them to small claims court but I would lose because I never paid them directly as they are not a retail establishment . Nice loophole.So if you purchase a defective bed , be prepared to buy another keeping your fingers crossed in hopes that the new one wo n't leak .
 This bed definitely works as advertised ! Our older retriever mix is always hot and always panting , so we thought this bed would be a home run . We were right ! She loved it immediately , and she sleeps on it all the time . It immediately put a stop to the incessant panting ! -LRB- And she does n't have to share - our chocolate lab who loves to be warm wo n't touch the thing ! -RRB- Unfortunately after about 8 months of ownership we noticed it was leaking a little bit at one of the corners . We thought maybe she had just `` flopped '' down on it extra hard and I think were in denial since we knew she loved the bed so much . Well sadly , it was beginning of the end , because now 10 months into our purchase it is leaking like crazy and we will obviously have to get rid of it . How disappointing !!! We all love this bed -LRB- customer satisfaction with delivering what is promised ? five stars ! -RRB- but clearly ca n't have something that is leaking all over our carpet -LRB- product quality ? one star . -RRB- . I should also note that neither of our dogs are destructive - so this is NOT the result of chewing , digging or any other bad behavior . She sleeps on this thing like a good pup and with normal wear and tear , it started leaking . So sad , because 6 months ago , this would have been 5 stars all the way !! If this bed is going on a cement patio or garage then go for it , it 's a slow leak and your dog would be happy . But if it 's going inside - it 's not worth the risk .
 After a some time it began to leak . It was a pour but a gradual and persistent leak that left the underside perpetually wet . Luckily I kept the bed in a large kennel pan . It 's also difficult to move when full and hard to keep clean .
 not very cool and extremely heavy and cumbersome ... disappointed with the product ... I was hoping this product would cool the dog on hot days but this was not the case ...
 Not happy with the K&H Cool Bed . Does not stay as `` cool '' as it should . Not happy with vendor . Wrote and told vendor that I was displeased and they offered for me to return it . Yet ... when I wrote back for instructions as to how to return the product , I have n't heard from them . I wo n't by from them again and I totally wasted my money . Should have bought from Petsmart -LRB- like I started to -RRB- , spent the extra money and then could have had a friendly - no questions asked -LRB- or comments -RRB- return .
 I received the bed tonight for my old dog who has been sleeping outside to keep herself cool . Could n't wait for the bed . It arrived in pieces . Either Amazon or K&H apparently tried to ship it without putting it in another box . The manufacturer 's box was first used , everything got damaged then the ripped up damaged contents were put into another box and sent to me . The bed smelled , had grease stains all over . The instructions were torn up . A call to customer service netted nothing . Now 2 days before Christmas I have to bundle all of the garbage Amazon sent me , bring it to a UPS center then wait for Amazon to receive the package and up to another 2 weeks to process , the rep told me before I 'll be issued a refund . I ca n't comment on the bed itself , other than the bad odor that accompanied it since it arrived damaged but do yourself a favor and do n't order it through Amazon . Customer Service was useless .
 A gallon of water weighs approx 8.33 lbs . 6 gallons = just a stich under 50 lbs . The dogs sleep upstairs and the water supplyis downstairs . I can not beleive other people do n't have a problem with this . especially if you have to keep changing the water .
 I bought this for my Siberian Husky who tore it to shreds in less than five minutes . It is deemed `` durable '' ... of which it is NOT . I wasted close to $ 40 on this junk . I do n't recommend it , especially if you have a Siberian Husky .
 This cage is too small for even one finch . Please do research and choose at least the minimum recommended cage size for your bird . This cage is too small for finches , parakeets and canaries ! Using this cage would be considered animal abuse !
 this is too small for even a small bird and falls apart easily . i do not recommend this cage .
 This cartridge is not compatible with the CatGenie 120 . Make sure you are buying the correct cartridges for your model CatGenie . I made the mistake of trying to save a little money and bought the wrong item .
 Cat Genie Sani-Solution Smart Cartridge , Unscented -LRB- 3 Pack -RRB- The add never stated that this was a `` 60 Cartridge '' which can NOT be used with the Cat genie 120 unit . Which I ordered at the same time . Even the cartridges itself only say `` 60 wash '' on it . A friend told me that they were not compatible so I called Smarthomes . They were friendly and set up a return process/credit for me . Once they receive the item back I can order the right `` 120 cartridges ''
 My labadoodle destroyed this in less than 2 minutes . The rubber pieces came apart when she chewed it . To be fair she destroys just about every toy !
 Looks cool . Looks like an idea . The material is just not durable . Our Australian Shepherd broke it apart in a few minutes .
 I thought it would be good for my aggressive chewing APBT . Although he destroys ALL toys ... This one had one of the shortest lives .
 A real dissapointment . Our Golden Retreiver bit through the rubber in a matter of minutes . even ate a few pieces from it and then smelled like rubber ! Do n't waste your money IF your dog likes to chew her/his toys . Otherwise its a cool toy .
 My miniature dachshund DESTROYED this toy in 30 minutes flat . I thought it 'll be cool since it has nice colors and twistie-chewable-parts , but it did n't even last an hour . Suddently my bed was completely covered with tiny little rubber pieces and my dog was still trying to swallow a small piece . I would n't recommend it for dogs that like to chew things to pieces -LRB- like all dogs do -RRB- , once they separate one of the flower-shaped rubber pieces the whole thing comes apart and it 's even easier to rip into a million tiny pieces .
 I bought this for my Pit Bull and the first day of having it he had it destroyed . It tore apart and all the rubber pieces broke apart after on band was broke . I expected it to last a little longer being it said large dog toy . . Sad disappointment !
 My bull dog happily chewed this toy for 5 mins till I had to take it away from him for his safety . : -LRB-
 I bought this for my 13 pound dog and it lasted her about 2 weeks ! I had bought her one like this at a department store and it was very sturdy , my dog loved it and it lasted for about 2 years . When it was time to replace it I ordered this one but the quality was not the same !
 I got this for my 10 week old dachshunds and by product descriptions figured it would be good for their sharp teeth but they tore this up in a couple days pieces were found all over the place they did enjoy chasing it but its not good as a chew toy
 This dog toy does not stand up to chewing . My dog made short work of this ball which is too bad because I just love the design and the colors .
 Bought this one as it looked and felt tough to me . My 8 month old boxer had pieces chewed out of it within minutes and it became trash just like that . Bottom line , if you have a strong breed , this wont work out . I 'm not sure this will work for smaller breeds if they are heavy chewers .
 My dog destroyed this toy in less than 5 minutes . It would make a decent fetch toy but definitely not a good dog toy ! : -LRB-
 My 25 # BT chewed the outermost ring apart within 2 weeks ' time . I was able to unravel the outermost ring and still use the rest of the product as a ball under my constant supervision but I can not let my BT play unsupervised or she will tear it apart !
 My dog loved this toy for about half an hour and then one of the twisted connections came loose , then another . PRetty soon I had to take it away from her : - -LRB-
 I am a recently instant step-dad to a 6 y/o rottweiler and thought I 'd get her some fun new toys . This Nobbly Wobbly looked cute . Opened the box yesterday morning , and she was sooooo excited to play with the ball ... BBBBBUUUUUTTTTTTTT ... DO N'T BOTHER !!!! This ball lasted not even 24 hours , before it was torn apart . Kind of bummed I did n't read the customer review before hand . Sorry Charlie ... we 'll find you a new toy .
 Looks great , but is easily destroyed within minutes by a smart dog . Not recommended at all .
 My dog wo n't touch this thing , and I 'm pretty sure it 's because of the smell . I even tried putting peanut butter on it and he refused to lick it off . He hates this toy .
 My dog had this chewed up in 15 minutes ! NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL !!!!!
 I purchased this for my terrier mix , thinking that it could withstand his play habits - unfortunately , he had it destroyed in less than five minutes . If your dog is chewer like mine , this is not the toy . It turned out to be a waste of my money ... But , on the otherhand if your dog just plays and does n't pull or chew on it , it may be alright . Good luck
 This should not be sold as a large dog toy . My boxer had it in pieces the first time she played with it , and she was n't even trying to pull it apart , just normal tossing , pouncing and returning . It is very destructible .
 Destroyed in 5 minutes by a rat terrier . Do not buy!Instead get a kong stuff-a-ball . Lasts at least 6 months with two intensive chewers in the family -LRB- about 30 minutes of chewing a day -RRB- - you can put cookies in it .
 I bought this product for a 2 year old golden retriever and the dog chewed it up within minutes . Not worth a buy for large dogs .
 Well the reviews here seemed mixed , so I decided to give it a try . With the extreme differences of opinion expressed I had hoped the product had perhaps undergone a redesign or something . Sadly we landed under the `` it only lasted about five minutes '' category with our lab . Would not recommend it , it came apart really quickly . For similar price you can get a `` Kong '' and they do hold up to whatever our dogs put them through .
 my dog chewed this toy up and tried to eat little pieces of it . not a good toy to leave with your dog unsupervised .
 Very disappointed in this toy ... our wo dogs destroyed it within 5 minutes of having it . We were watching them and they were playing with it when all of a sudden they had pieces coming off of it ... very disappointed .
 For a toy they say is durable , my lab had this destroyed in minutes and I was picking up little colored pieces for weeks . Do not buy !
 My dog destroyed this toy in less than 3 minutes , literally ! The pieces came apart immediately the first time I threw the ball and it hit the ground it broke apart at the seem . When the dog picked it up and shook it around more seems broke . The 2nd throw and dog retrival ended this toy all together . It is now in 12 pieces and completely unusable . I 'm very disappointed and do not recommend this product at all !
 It has a noxious rubber odor and she wo n't play with rubber toys . If your dog does n't mind the smell , it might be fine . It 's cleverly designed and colorful but mine has just been a good prop for photos until I donated it to the dog shelter .
 My puppy loved this toy and for one reason ... he is a sheltie and can chew right into it . You have to really watch your puppy with this toy because he/she can chew off hunks of the rubber or whatever the material it is made of . Also , it is a very heavy toy as well .
 My dog did n't like this toy very much . He did n't play with it once , or even try to pick it up or anything . It might be a good toy but it definitely was n't the right one for my dog .
 My dog did not chew on this item for more than 30 minutes . The descripion said that it is durable but it is not . The ball toy had to be removed from my dog so that he would not tear it to pieces . I was very unhappy with this item .
 I did n't get this on Amazon , so I do n't know if it was the large or small or what . But the dog -LRB- 14 month old golden retriever/lab puppy -RRB- LOVED it -- kenneled up with it and five minutes later when I checked , had ripped through two of the strands and was in the process of eating the pieces . Too bad , but do n't buy !
 I bought this for my Bichon . Bichon ! He 's 11 months old.Tossed it down the hall , and watched him chase happily after it.I went upstairs to get myself a bottle of water.I was gone , literally , two minutes.When I came back downstairs , again two minutes later , a goodportion of this thing was in shreds ... little pieces of red andblue rubber crap all over his paws . I put it in the trash.Now I 'm on stool patrol.Don ' t buy this toy . It 's junk .
 I have two large dogs . This was one of their gifts this year . Within seconds , literally , this rubber ball was in shreds . I was stunned as other items of this nature have held up well -LRB- other brands -RRB- . It says for `` large dogs '' but I would not recommend this at all . Save your money and go for Kong or other tried and true item .
 toy is very small is not meant for big dogs at all . do not buy this toy if you are looking for it for a big dog
 I bought this ball for my four month old puppy with the hope that he would not be able to chew it to shreds as he had done with most of his other toys . When it arrived , it was quite heavy in weight and seemed very sturdy ; unfortunately , within four minutes , my pup had been able to remove innumberable chunks from the ball . Colors of the ball became completely discolored with each time he stuck his teeth in and attempted to remove more portions . Not good for super chewers . The quest continues ... If your puppy has power chompers like mine does , stick to Kong products .
 I have three dogs . Two labs and a doberman and not one of them is even remotely interested in this ball . They will go after it if I throw it , but once they go get it , they generally leave it sitting there and grab a tennis ball instead . Save your money and buy more tennis balls !
 My berner is not a chewer , and has never destroyed a toy in her life . This thing broke apart at the seams within minutes .
 I purchase this toy for my Weimaraner , who is a heavy chewer . It is hard to find toys that hold up to her chewing . I gave this to here and she had it is little tiny pieces in less than 20 min . If you dog is even a medium chewer I would say not the toy for them .
 I gave this toy to my 7.5 month old australian shepherd -LRB- who i would n't consider to be an intense chewer -RRB- tonight and he had it chewed apart within 30 minutes . The rubber is not made of the same quality as other rubber chew toys -LRB- like a kong -RRB- so dog teeth can slice right through it .
 ... that my dog really does n't like and truly never played with it.He really loves toys , from teddy bears to nylon bones , but this one never got used.I 'm gon na donate it to our local shelter because it never saw use ... Ca n't explain why , my dog never told me the reason ... : o -RRB-
 I was skeptical but had read a few good reviews for this product . It lasted less than an hour with our mastiff . This was also one of the few balls that he 's been able to obliterate so quickly .
 This was easily one of my miniature schnauzers ' favorite toys until it started unravelling . The parts snap together like a puzzle , so it was not long until it started coming apart . My dogs are not what you would call `` powerful chewers '' , so I can only imagine what a larger or more active dog would do to this toy . Please let your dogs use this toy only under direct supervision and discard it as soon as you notice it disintegrating .
 I was disappointed . It did n't last 5 minutes with my 8 month old yellow labs . Now I have dozens of start shapes in my yard .
 Jane loves balls . So I got her this one . When I got it back there were pieces missing . I 'll get them back in a few days.She will not get the ball back .
 Well , the concept is great , but the reality is n't . Our doxie loved the ball because it wobbled like crazy when she played with it . But within a few minutes she had substantial chunks of the rubber chewed away . Since she also eats most anything , we took the toy away from her immediately . This would be great for dogs that do n't really chew on their toys , but if you have an aggressive chewer , this is a waste of your money .
 I bought 5 `` indestructible '' toys for my dog . . opened up a few . . gave them to him . i was in my office for 2 1/2 hours . . i walk out and almost every single toy is in a BILLION pieces around my house . Especially this one ! he chewed thru this plastic with one bite , it was like snipping lines out of a rope knot with scissors . Leaving these plastic/rubber pieces literally scattered across my house . I 'm STILL finding pieces more then a year later . People really need to TEST their '' indestructible '' product . Gunner , my dog , Is half Pit Half german shepherd . He is VERY smart , Tall but THIN . . and Can break out of one of those metal kennel things . . EASILY ... i 've had to cover them , trap them against things . . he has chewed/bent all the metal in it and squeezed out . ridiculous ... But i would LOVE to find a toy that last longer then a day .
 This was a waste of money . Our lab mix puppy destroyed it in a matter of a minutes - all that was left was a hundred pieces of colored plastic scattered around the house .
 I have a 3-year-old lab/vizsla mix -LRB- 55 lbs -RRB- , and he immediately engaged with this toy . Unfortunately , within about 5 minutes , he had chewed and swallowed a 1 inch chunk of it . It was in the garbage within minutes . I felt so bad taking it away from him because he 's engaged with very few toys . Bummer for both of us .
 This product is a choking hazard for pets . I gave this two stars because my Lab mix loved it . That said , he had torn it to pieces within 30 minutes of me giving it to him . He was able to swallow several of the pieces of rubber , and I was forced to take it away from him . If I were not supervising him , he might have been in worse shape . Please do not buy this product !
 If this is a large , I 'd hate to see a medium or small . It looks bigger in the photo.I have a year-old Blue Heeler coming home tomorrow and am apprehensive about how long this will last . I expected much more.Check this out in the pet store before you buy it here .
 We have a Weimaraner and she chewed this up in 10 minutes into pieces . I do not recommend this for a Medium to large dog who is an agressive chewer
 This toy is dangerous in my opinion . It was in pieces and he just started to swallow so quickly .
 My dog is a chewer and also loves playing by himself with various balls , rolling and tossing then chasing them . Not this ball . He scoped it out when I first gave it to him but has n't touched it since . Maybe because it smells so unnatural . This ball really reeks .
 This is a cute toy , I guess for a little toy type dog . My dobermans got a hold of it and it was falling apart in minutes . It 's value probobly depends on your dog .
 My kids think this is a better toy than our dog . Was n't worth the money I paid for it . Comes apart too easy .
 For some strange reason Mrs. Spudman bought a size large Nobbly Wobbly for our ten pound Bolognese who already has at least fifty other toys scattered about the house . Gabby has shown no interest in this toy , a weighty object weighing over half a pound and made of large , intertwined rubber rings . It 's too heavy for Gabby to carry comfortably in her little mouth and hard for her to grip.Of course , you could say this is the buyer 's fault for buying too large of a toy . True . However , we did have a smaller version that worked much better , but was eventually destroyed by Gabby and her two cousins . My daughter bought one of these for her hard playing Australian cattle dog who destroyed his ball in a day . Even for the larger dog , I think this ball is too heavy to play catch with . It does or did work for playing fetch with Merlyn the Australian Shepherd .
 Our 3 month old corgi puppy had this in pieces in about 15 mins . The rubber crumbled and I found tiny pieces all over the house . It look sturdy online , but this was a terrible puppy toy .
 If your dog has teeth , which I assume he does , this toy could be dangerous to him!My dog had this for all of three minutes and I had to take it away because he already had gotten chunks of it off . If he 'd swallowed them this would have become a VERY expensive toy ! He would have loved playing with this , but I 'm not taking the chance.Waste of money .
 I have a 1 year-old Labrador Retriever . Kongs and Nylabones have worked really well with her -LRB- although I make sure to get the Nylabones that are for stronger chewers -RRB- . I saw this at a CVS and bought it because it was on sale for less than $ 5 . I had to take it away from her almost immediately because it started falling apart and I did n't want her to swallow the bits and pieces . NOT RECOMMENDED
 I agree with some of the other reviewers . My Pups just would n't touch this toy . I roll it around and did everything to get them interested in it but they just did n't find it interesting . I even took it apart by cutting the rings and using heavy duty tape to reconnect each star-shaped piece and thought maybe they 'd use it as a Teether . But that did n't even give them interest . I just threw it away and got them their old trusty Tennis Balls which they got nuts for . I 'd just say stick with the old trusty than going fancy !
 Tried this ball twice , in 2 sizes . Each one lasted 5 minutes before it was in dozens of dangerous pieces . Maybe okay for very light chewers .
 I ordered this item along with another in November and I have yet to recieve it . It is past the expected delivery date and their is no other options on contacting the seller . Poor , poor service .
 the Nobbly Wobbly Ball is decent , but neither of my dogs want to play with it . I dont think they like the taste of it .
 Let me start off by saying my dog is around 45 pounds and tears up normal toys very easily . This one appeared to be very durable , however it tore up within the first few minutes of my dog playing with it . I thought it would be great to hide treats it , but several of the tubes broke , so now nothing will stay inside it .
 My dog is a 22-lb `` power chewer '' and decimated this quickly . If you use the black Kongs , pass this by . Recommend the Hol-ee Roller instead , she has n't been able to put a dent in that yet .
 I have a black lab and this toy lasted a total of five minutes before he had 3 of the bends bit in half . It may be good for small dogs with little teeth but definately not bigger dogs with big teeth.I would not call this a large dog toy AT ALL !!
 I 'm not sure whether the plastic has a bad taste because my terrier mixes , who normally adore toys , refused to play with this toy after mouthing it a few times . I 've tried all sorts of games to interest them , but they spit it out and walk away as soon as they pick it up .
 The rubber in this product is not a very durable rubber . I turned my back for only a few minutes after giving it to my dog and it did n't last but a few minutes and it was chewed up into pieces . I was very disappointed .
 I have a 6 month old dachshund who has begun chewing up all of his toys now that he has his adult teeth . When I saw the Wobbly Ball - billed as a Large Dog Toy I thought I had finally found a toy that he could play with and not destroy . Boy , was I wrong ! I have to say that my dog loved the ball right out of the box . But within a mere 10 minutes he was able to chew large pieces off of it . How disappointing . This toy just does not stand up to any chewing if a 6 month old puppy can destroy it so easily . I 'm sending it back .
 This toy is complete garbage . I bought it for my small rat terrier , and he had it in a dozen or more pieces in less than an hour . Obviously , dog toys ca n't be expected to last forever , but I do expect better than that . I was so disappointed in this toy , I complained to the company that made it . Their response ? `` Tough . `` If you want a good , rugged toy your dog will have for a long time , choose something from a quality company like Chuckit , Kong , Premier , Nylabone , etc. . Multipet is a terrible company that produces shoddy products and even worse customer service .
 It took less than 1mn for my English Springer Spaniel to rip rubber chunks of rings.Definitely not a chew toy ... Returned for credit , do n't buy this junk !
 I 'm one to generally look at reviews but for once , I failed to look at the reviews for this dog toy . I have a 2 year old , 55 pound , German Short-hair Pointer ; it took her all of 8 minutes to destroy it . UGH !
 Looks like fun but falls apart in less than an hour when chewed on by even small dogs . If it were for kids it would be an extreme choking hazard !! DO NOT BUY !
 Pretty put it did not last long at all , not very study for a dog to chew on at all . It only lasted about 20 minutes max or my medium sized dog .
 I have 4 rescues - 3 beagles and a mastiff mix . Now the mastiff mix can destroy most anything . But this toy did n't fall victim to the big guy . One of the beagles ate it up in about 15 minutes . Very disappointing .
 DO NOT BUY THIS TOY ! I threw it away within five minutes of giving it to my 30lb . Beagle mix . She had chewed off large chunks of the rubber and was choking on it . COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY .
 This toy only lasted about 5 minutes with our 10 month old Lab . Probably better for smaller dogs .
 My German Short Hair Pointer had this torn apart in minutes . It should not be listed under `` Aggressive Dog Toys '' . It was a waste of money .
 My dog destroyed this within minutes . If you have a large dog or one that likes to chew things up , this is not the toy you want .
 Dont buy this if your dog is a chewinator , my min pin had it in pieces in minutes .
 I got this litter thinking it was the Fresh Step clumping litter , and I was extremely disappointed . The litter is so big it hardly fit through the holes in my scoop . Moreover , because it did not clump , it was very difficult to remove the urine and started to smell awful after a few days . It also stuck to the bottom of the litter box . I have 2 cats , and I clean it once a week , but still it was gross . It was also very dusty . I highly recommend another litter .
 I saw a similar toy at a friends house and thought it would be perfect for my beagles . They loved the toy right off the bat , chasing it and playing with it . Within 15 minutes , one of them had chewed a piece completely off . I was really disappointed because they loved it so much but because they could chew it to pieces so easily I had to take it away so they would n't choke . Total waste of money .
 This product did n't even last four days with my dog . After ordering I was really excited and told a friend that i was getting it , only to find out her dog destroyed it in two days ... not very durable
 I tried to find out size information before hand - but all I found was what is printed on the packaging . Turns out the ` small ' raincoat is too small for my little dog and the design of this coat means that there is not much room for size differences . It also seems like difficult to put on -LRB- even if it had fit him -RRB- as there is no velcro for quick dressing/undressing - only very small holes you have to stick his little legs through . These are probably great for keeping the thing on him , but he has to agree to get into it in the first place . For these 2 reasons , I 've given it only 2 stars .
 No such thing as eadible substrate , this can cause intestinal impactions and put your iguanas at risk .
 This vac was useless for cleaning my pond . NO suction to speak of . If you jammed the 1-1/2 '' dia . pick up wand down into the rocks on the bottom of the pond to restrict the flow it would pick things up . As soon as you moved the pick up wand to a new location , the water level in the wand would drop and fill with air . As soon as the wand was jammed back into the rocks it would start to fill with water again . It would take 3-4 minutes to get any suction back and several more minutes to clean that one 1-1/2 '' dia . spot . Remember , all this time you are running water on the ground to try and run this thing . Spend your money on something else .
 This product was disappointing . The assembly was reasonably quick and directions were adequate.The problem was the suction was very poor . It was virtually useless for vacuuming my pond . To be fair , I have well water and do not have the water pressure you may have with city water , however I have had other vacs that worked from water pressure and they worked fine .
 This product did not have the sucking power I thought it would have . As someone else said , the nozzle has to be lower than the hose . In my fish pond , getting this accomplished was almost next to impossible , especially in the lower end of the pond . The container , however , is more convenient than a mesh bag .
 This just did n't work for me . Its not practical enough . It does n't clean well the pond , with all the string algae filled . Please try something else .
 This product is over priced because it does n't work ... The hose kinks and it does n't hold suction ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this bed for my mutts that like to &#34; nest &#34; in fluffy beds . The faux sheep skin cover and the canvas/cotton bottom are of excellent quality . I would expect this bed to last a long time -- if my dogs used it . The problem is the fill . My 38-pound beagle mix has been in it only about five times and there is no fill in the spot where he laid . I tried to &#34; fluff &#34; and move the fill within the inner nylon bag , but it remains as one big , connected piece that is impossible to adjust or reshape without tearing the bag . It 's like trying to &#34; shape &#34; cotton candy by handling through nylon material . My 80-pound doberman does n't seem to appreciate the fill &#34; hole &#34; in the bed either and does n't use the bed .
 The bed is fluffy but stuffing does n't hold up well . Also , what was I or they thinking ... WHITE fleece for a dog bed ? I was looking for red and this was the closest I could find at the time . It lasted 2 days before laundry and is n't going to work at all .
 I purchased this toy for my dog who is a Rottie . When I got the toy in the mail to our surprise it was extremely small and ragged looking . The order listing said it was 10 '' but the toy is maybe 6 '' , if that ! I contacted the seller and the response I received is that they list their items based on the UPC code , whatever that is supposed to mean . I strongly advise against this toy .
 The toy is unstable and falls over very easily . The plastic base underneath the pink inflated base is way too small to stabilize the toy , and the pink inflated base is under-inflated -LRB- and there 's no way to re-inflate it -RRB- , causing the whole thing to fall over very easily . Very disappointed in this product as it looked cute and fun for our cats . I 'm giving it 2 stars because our cats like the toys hanging from the wires -LRB- even though the toys are generally on the floor -RRB- .
 The wires are weak and the toys hit the ground . Still , kitten -LRB- who gets into everything -RRB- couldnt care less about this toy
 Cheap . Terrible . I was embarrassed to even admit to my CAT that I purchased this thing . Buy this product if you need some extra things in you trash can !
 Does n't hold together properly as base is too weak so wires lean over to the floor.Neither of my cats is interested in it.Please do n't waste your money on this piece of junk !
 While chasing his little sister around the house , our big cat managed to get the end of one of the dangly wires in his eye . The wire loop bounced off his eyeball and lodged between it and the side of the socket , hooking on when he tried to pull it out . This panicked him and he ended up running around the house , crying and dragging this huge rattling thing after him by the eye . We quickly got the toy clipped away , but needed the emergency room at the vet hospital to remove the wire from his eye . Thank goodness he 's on his way to a full recovery , but this toy is n't just an unstable waste of money , it 's downright dangerous to any cat playing with or around it .
 I DO NOT recommend purchasing this toy for your cat . The wires holding the toys have sharp metal ends that are curved at the top . While one of my kitties was playing , one of these sharp ends got caught just below her eye ! Thankfully it missed her eye or she would 've lost her eyesight . I had to take WIRE CUTTERS to get the thing out of her skin ! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS TOY !
 The seed was good quality but the service was not . They thought they faxed the order but did n't . When I didnt get my order in 3 week I called and they turned it around to be my fault that I had n't called earlier , instead of saying sorry we didnt fax it and give a discount or at least a coupon for the next purchase
 This Parrot mix is not healthy enough for parrots . I have an African Grey and Blue Crowned Conure , these tropical parrots need more fruit and nuts , this mix is 75 % millet or small seeds . I would suggest this mix for cockatiels or a Quaker parrot
 This thing maybe moves a foot on a hardwood floor . On carpet it can barely manage 6 inches . Pretty flimsy too but also not pricey .
 I got this while my cat was at the Veterinarian 's sick . She showed a little interest , but seemed more scared of it when I pulled the tail & it took off . Much to my dismay , the tail fell right off the next day and there is no way to connect it back again - the string went all the way back in . It is still cute but maybe would be better if it was at least catnip filled .
 Very dissapointing for myself & the cat . You pull the tail and it goes a few inches ... boring ... not stimulating at all
 What a waste of money ! I picked one of these toys up at the grocery store today , thinking my cat would enjoy playing with it . It barely moved an inch on the carpet , so went to a room with hard floors . Even there it moved less than a foot and the cat showed no inclination to chase it . So I tossed it for her , and then she finally chased it.She gave it one hard shake by the tail and the whole thing fell apart ! -LRB- The seam at the back gave way and the tail with internal mechanism fell out -RRB- . I should n't have to sew toys up less than five minutes after giving them to my pet !! Oh and I will certainly not bother stuffing the plastic mechanism back in .
 this toy is junky -- the mouse does n't run more than an inch or two at time and only for a few seconds . And it does n't move in a linear manner like a mouse -- it spins arounds . I 'm sorry I bought this .
 You pull the tail , it goes a foot , that 's not running . Running to me means it scoots across the room , and my cat chases it . This is in the box of cat toys my cats do n't use .
 It broke on the 3rd day of having it . My cat will not play with it . Sad to say , but this is a waste of money .
 My cat wo n't even take a bite of this stuff , if I put this in his dish he proceeds to scratch all around it trying to bury it and giving me dirty looks all through his vigorous scratching.To me the food smells like a big bowl of oatmeal , so I ca n't blame him if he wo n't try it.For me it was a waste of money .
 Opened the box and took out the scoop and spade . Set down on the ground to see if it would stand up by itself . It would not . Put slight pressure on the handle and noticed the handle was half broken off the scoop . Very poor design .
 The scooper ended up being what it was meant to pick up !!! It litteraly fell apart the first time I attempted to clean up after a very small dog . But I was very pleased with my customer service and speedy refund given to me by Amazon !!!
 Went to use for the very first time and scoop fell right off the handle . Not even screwed together , it 's just punched together to hold it on the handle .
 During the first 3 minutes of use the thing completely fell apart . The `` bucket '' side of this is only held onto the cheap pole by 1 screw . A coffee can screwed to a broomstick would work better and would be worth more than this piece of trash . Hey , why did n't I think of that before ? If I knew what a pile this would be , I could have just gone to the garage and built my own with much better quality in 5 min . or less . I purchased this over other products because it is `` Made in America '' and it turned out to be an embarrassment to carry that logo . I hate the feeling of being ripped off and this product did just that . Do n't believe any reviews stating this is `` durable '' or has a `` quality design '' - they must have received something completely different .
 A previous reviewer said the shovel was attached to the handle with sheet-metal screws that came loose immediately.They changed the design , but not for the better . There is n't even a screw holding them together , just two pairs of dimples that were , at one time , pressed together in some way - it did n't last long!The shovel fell ** completely off ** the handle at first use.I do n't know any way to repair it . It 's a very awkward item to try to mail back - especially used - so I guess I 'll just throw it away . What a shame ! Still , the company got their money , right ? -LRB- If you 're not a little cynical by the time you graduate college , you have n't been paying attention ! -RRB-
 The ball is a little small but then again I have two Basset Hounds . The soccer ball did not last a day as my pups tore at the hole in the ball and it is now shredded . Needs to be a bit bigger and a lot tougher . If Basset Hounds can tear this up , it wont be out of the packing before your Rottie / Pitbull devour this toy !
 I received the soccer ball at noon time on 9/30 . I gave my lab the ball and it was ripped apart by 5 pm . What else needs to be said . I am sending the product back as I write this also on 9/30 .
 This ball is smallish , about twice the size of a tennis ball , you might say . It has two holes in it , one quite small -LRB- maybe a quarter inch wide -RRB- and the other quite a bit bigger -LRB- about 1.5 inches wide -RRB- . You ca n't see them in the product picture . I bought the ball to float in the water of a small pool for my dog , but with the two holes , it does n't seem to work -LRB- though the label says it 's buoyant -- I 'd have to try it in a deeper pool -RRB- . Anyway , it bounces and rolls well , so I figured we could use it that way . Well , several times my dog has picked it up in her mouth and her lower jaw slips into the bigger hole and she ca n't get it off . This is kind of a disaster because I have to run over to her and try to gently pull it off , over her lower jaw and skin , while she starts to shake her head . I 'd never leave her alone with this ball because she 'd get it stuck and not be able to get it off by herself . My dog is medium sized , about 30 pounds . I think smaller dogs would n't have this problem because they ca n't get their jaws around the ball -LRB- or their lower jaws would slip out of the hole , at least -RRB- and bigger dogs could n't get their mouths inside the hole . But my dog -- the size of a spaniel -- is definitely at risk when using this ball .
 The Planet Dog Orbee-Tuff Soccer Ball is too heavy to be kicked and caught by a smaller dog . I have a boston terrier/beagle mix -LRB- 30 lbs . -RRB- that loves playing with balls , and has enjoyed the type of soccer ball that is inflatable with a semi-durable cover . We thought we would try this one , since the other is no longer available/offered in our area . Otherwise , this ball seems very durable and may be more suitable for a larger dog .
 I really like Orbee-tuff 's products
 Well , my 9 month old GSD has an obsession with a fuzzy stuffed soccer ball she `` stole '' from my smaller dogs ... she plays with it all the time yet has never even chewed a hole in it . She is NOT an aggressive chewer at all , her toys last a loooonnnngggg time . Well , she loves playing with this ball but she ripped off the soccer etched shapes in no time flat . Total waste of money for a `` sturdy '' toy labeled as `` tuff '' when it is clearly not ...
 My 60 lb pit lab mix took about 3 minutes to tear a hole in this ball , pretty disappointing since I was specifically looking for something durable . The hole has n't gotten much bigger in the few days since , and he can still kind of play with it , so I guess that 's positive .
 It got up my dogs poo and vomit . . but the urine seemed to spread and stayed stained . It would n't lift the urine . It also took a LOT of solution to lift just a few spots . I do n't recommend .
 Used 2 bottles thus far on a pee soiled rug from our dog . It has done nothing so far . The fine print of the bottle says to allow drying for 2 weeks by the way . Guess those enzymes have to take their time ! Well , it 's been 2 weeks after our first application and we have had no change to the odor . We are going to apply 2 more bottles just for the fun of it.They offer a money back guarantee , so , if they actually send me my money back I will rate them much higher . Await my update to this review about if I actually get any money back or not !
 Did n't work . Just made the urine odor stronger . A quick online search proved the name was sold , but not the formula.The Original formula is now called Petastic . Took me about 30 seconds of an online search to find the info . -LSB- ... -RSB- '' You have been using Petastic for the last 23 years without knowing it until now . We created and manufactured the original formula for Natures Miracle . In 2003 our relationship with Natures Miracle came to an end . Soon after we launched Petastic , to ensure that you could still get the original Natures Miracle formula . * Nature 's Miracle is a registered trademark of Eight In One , Inc. . Earth Friendly Products . is the creator and owner of the formulations formerly supplied to Eight In One for its Nature 's Miracle brand.Earth Friendly Products , Inc is now marketing the formulation under the brand name Petastic Stain & Odor Remover.Earth Frendly Products , Inc. is not affiliated with Eight In One.Thank you for visiting Petastic ! ''
 I purchased a gallon of this stuff upon a recommendation from a pet store employee . Sure enough when my puppy had his first accident I ran for the Nature 's Miracle.It helped but it did n't solve the problem . In fact , it made the stain yellow and it smelled like a bottle of rubbing alcohol . This happened time and again with future stains.Out of frustration I went back to the pet store and purchaed their second best seller , Simple Solution . That actually worked and it even removed the yellowing that Nature 's Miracle caused.The Simple Solution was less expensive , smelled better and most importantly it worked ! Nature 's Miracle does n't live up to its name .
 We 've tried several products and had high hopes for this one but it did n't work as well as we hoped . Our carpet is dark in color so there was no urine stain , but an odor was noticeable . For the first day or two the product worked on the odor , but it eventually come back . Maybe if the stain was fresher it would work better .
 My dog was VERY sick a few weeks ago and after all the vomit and its stains were cleaned up from my bedroom carpet , I noticed a few days later there was still a rankness lingering in my room . I searched online and found this , got it super quick in the mail and immediately went into my room , used up the entire bottle , scrubbed it in my carpet and let it dry . The smell of the product was a certain alcohol smell , and was n't terrible although I wouldnt say it was a `` good '' smell . The next day I was excited and thought it was better because it seemed fresher overall , but then 2 days in after that the exact same smell is back . I would not waste time using this product again to treat carpet odor .
 Despite my worst fears , I have a kitty urinator . After lots of review reading and the reccommendation of my pet store owner , I bought a gallon of Nature 's Miracle . When I did n't see results at first , I ripped up my carpet and cut out the soiled part of my carpet pad thinking that must be the reason I was still smelling urine . After using the entire gallon of nature 's miracle on my carpet , I still have a house that smells like urine and -LRB- thanks to N.M -RRB- now rubbing alcohol.I 'm going to give NOK-OUT a try now , I guess . What a waste of money .
 I have a racing pit crew shirt that I unfortunately neglected for a while and there were some set-in perspiration stains in it . I read that enzymatic cleaners work well for this and this product seemed to get decent reviews so I gave it a try . I soaked the areas in question for 5-10 minutes a few times and put the shirt in the laundry but the stains are still there . It may work for pet odors/stains but does n't seem to work well for perspiration .
 I 've literally used gallons of this stuff . And the urine smell remains . Strong . I soaked the carpet , the pad , and very likely the subfloor . Still stinks of dog urine , 4 weeks and $ 55 later . Sigh .
 I came home from a weekend away to find that my house sitter had n't done a good job and there was a dog pee puddle dried in the guest bedroom . I used the carpet cleaner with water to moisten the stain and suck up what I could , and then tried Nature 's Miracle . Ugh ! This made the smell awful ! It 's been a week since the original treatment and it 's so bad no one can sleep in the room . Do NOT buy .
 This stuff does n't work with dog fecal stains on carpet . The label says product wo n't work on `` set '' stains . Prior to buying the product I tried a carpet cleaner with a Rug Doctor . That did n't work . So I bought this product . The label says do n't use with other cleaning products which might chemically `` set '' the stain . Either that happened or the product does n't work .
 I got this and thought it was great ... got the smell out right way , but after a few days it return ! I really wanted it work , but no .
 Nature 's Miracle is OK for the cleanup of cat urine -LRB- spray -RRB- . However , it still leaves something behind that my cat can smell , and that cat will spray there again and again . I used Nature 's Miracle for several weeks because when I went to buy my usual `` Dumb Cat '' , and it was out of stock at the store -LRB- with good reason -RRB- . Wow , what a difference . With the Dumb Cat , the cat will never spray that area again . If you want something that works for sure , get the Dumb Cat . If you want to cheap out and do n't mind repeat sprays in the area , but you 'd like a short-term cleanup fix , get the Nature 's Miracle . Dumb Cat Anti-Marking and Cat Spray Remover
 I have always bought this from a store and it has always worked great . This was shipped with packing tape over the lid and in a bag tied closed within the box to prevent spillage . But there was no product seal under the cap . When I buy it at the store there is always a seal under the cap . I noticed the fluid weighed a little on the light side . Its effectiveness is also not what I am used to , as in it does not work as well , though still works okay . I believe that either this is not the original formula , or was just outright replaced with something else , or that some of the fluid was removed and replaced with water.I do love the TRUE Nature 's Miracle product , but I 'm suspicious that I received something else or it was watered down . It should definitely have come with a seal under the cap . If this is why the product can be sold at this price then it needs to be in the description .
 Nature 's Miracle is total crap . I bought a gallon of this stuff after my cat peed all over my clothes . I doused the clothes with this stuff , and let it hang out to dry . THREE TIMES . This had no effect whatsoever on removing the cat pee smell . It was a total waste of money . What DID work is Oxiclean from the grocery store . Save your money !
 Beware ! The picture shows the Gallon size . What is sent are pint bottles . I should have paid attention to it saying 16 oz , but there is no excuse for a deceptive picture !
 I bought this item to remove stains from my clothes . It did n't help remove any of the grease stains that my pants had.-Unsatisfied customer
 when i first put this on i thought hey i ca n't smell it anymore . well that illusion only lasted a day and the odor came back . i repeated it , letting it dry in between as directed , until the bottle was empty and it still smells . this just wasted my time .
 I entered Petzyme , and Nature 's Miracle popped up instead . Petzyme is amazing , and it does work on feces as well as urine and blood stains . I have cleaned my light colored wool oriental rugs after my elderly dog 's bloody diarrhea , hemorrages , and new puppy accidents , and they look -LRB- and smell -RRB- brand new after 10 years of life with animals . Help if you know what happened to this great product .
 I bought this based on the description and people 's review . I was training a puppy . Needless to say that the puppy kept going to the same area where he made the mistake . I followed directions but it did n't remove the odor well enough . Next time I will stick to simple green or citrusolve .
 I followed the directions on the back of the bottle and used the product several times . Unfortunately , it did n't take the urine smell out of our carpets . Thinking I did n't use enough , I used more the next times , but it still did n't help . Moreover , it does n't make sense to have to use so much of the bottle for one stain even if I did n't use enough . Wanted to love it , though .
 Purchased the 32 oz . bottle and tried on cat urine . The wool carpet had a spot on which I 'd tried everything - boiling water , soap , carpet cleaner , baking soda , vinegar . This product had no impact whatsoever .
 I 'm currently fostering a pit bull who marks his territory in my house when left alone for even a few minutes . Frequently I do n't discover the urine until it 's already dried into the carpet and I 'm left with both the scent and the stain . This product works well for removing the scent/odor of urine , but it definitely does n't remove the stain . Thankfully a friend of mine who owns a consignment store another product , Kleen Warrior -LRB- sold door to door -RRB- that lifts the urine stain overnight.Bottom line
 Our Little Man cat decided he was n't using the litter box for a while , and so of course we were left with that awful smell . It says it should work on even old stains and smells , so we bought a gallon of this -LRB- one of the most expensive ones I saw at the pet store -RRB- and poured it on the spot.It smells horrible while it 's `` working . '' We live in a very small apartment so the stink of the solution was almost unbearable . And after all that , the old smell is still clearly there . I mean that you can still tell where he went , even if you are standing above it , let alone if you knelt down and put your head there.Doesn ' t work on old cat urine , save your money .
 It claims to remove Stain and Odor and it does not remove stains . Whether it removes odors , I did n't really pay it any attention . I followed the instructions to the letter and it still did n't remove the stain from my hardwood floor .
 I 'm sorry to say that this product is ineffective . I had one small fresh pet stain , so I ordered the product and got it the next day . I poured half of the bottle on the carpet stain and worked it in very well and let it sit for more than two days . After that time I poured most of the rest of the bottle on the same spot and worked it in as before . I allowed another 3 days until it was thoroughly dry . I then steam cleaned the whole carpet and it smells just as strong as before . It did not do a thing to the odor . I wo n't purchase this item again .
 Recently decided to clean my carpets as I just got a new puppy . I wanted to pretreat any unrine stains/spots before I decided to use my new Hoover Steamvac -LRB- also just purchased from Amazon -RRB- . Took out my old trusty blacklight and found that the previous owners of my condo must have had a dog/cat because pee stains were all over the condo and in every bedroom -LRB- have n't had my pup long enough for her to do it -RRB- Anyway I tried the Simple Solution enzyme cleaner on a couple of the stains and it worked ok but I needed something stronger . Bought 2 of the 1.5 gallon Nature 's Miracle and totally soaked the stains in two of my rooms using both 1.5 gallons ! I wanted the smell gone so I followed I did as the instuctions said and it still smelled pretty much the same after . Then after reading some reviews I came accross another reviewer who said that a product called Odormute was good and much cheaper http://www.amazon.com/Ryter-Odormute-Eliminator-Concentrate-Unscented/dp/B0002D3250/ref=sr_1_1?s=pet-supplies&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1336230826&sr;=1-1so I bought some and it arrived yesterday , I mixed it up in a `` garden sprayer '' making it double the concentration the instructions said . Soaked both rooms again , and let it sit for an hour . Went back over it with the hoover steamvac , not in cleaning mode but just to suck up all the water and solution . Let it dry overnight and to my surprise the smell was gone and neutral -LRB- since the odormute I purchased was sentless -RRB- I highly recommed it and it was soooooo much cheaper than all the other enzyme cleaners I have wasted my money on . Going to soak my 2 Large shag rugs in it tomorrow and pressure wash them out ! Very excited someone recommended another product on their review !!!!
 The best product to remove pet odors and stains is PLAIN WHITE VINEGAR and water . Do n't waste your money . Owned a pet shop , vinegar neutralizes all pet odors , musty smelling clothes , put it in your laundry to freshen clothes and it wo n't harm material like bleach does .
 Cleaned up after my pup with this ... he returned to the exact same area again ... so does not work as it is supposed to ... made my floors sticky with residue as well -- had to mop 3 times to remove all residue .
 I have tried this product and it does not work . I have several dogs and bought this product at the pet store and it was a waste of money
 ... if you have enough faith , you 'll believe it works.Unfortunately , it did n't work on de-odorizing a single dog , one-time-urination spot . I used the entire container , and let it sit for a week.The product is mostly alcohol , so it 's no surprise that it did n't break down the urea in the urine.Science .
 I bought these balls because both my German Shepherds love Orbee balls . I was EXTREMLY disappointed however because within days the top layer on all 3 balls started to peel off . Will not buy the Tennis ball style again
 While my foster dog LOVED his new orbee tennis ball , he managed to disable it in under 1 hour . I was not thrilled as it was listed as a 5 out of 5 chomper -LRB- for aggressive chewers -RRB- . So far the only indestructible ball I 've found is the bow wowzer . Hopefully the Otis and Claude `` rita ball '' will prove to be a dependable 2nd .
 My crazy tennis ball loving freak of a yellow lab has zero interest in this toy , which is a bummer , since his breath needs help ! He 's NEVER picked it up , in fact when I gave it to him he immediately dropped it . Maybe if it smelled like dog-you-know-what he would like it better ... otherwise , just an overpriced tennis ball that I took a chance on !
 My chessie tore these apart in days . I was n't letting her just ` chew ' on them either . She was able to separate the yellow from just playing ball .
 As soon as I gave this ball to my dog , the yellow bits of the ball started to peel off . I had to take it away and toss within 10 mins so they do n't swallow the pieces .
 i bought these balls for my 7 month scottie thinking he would not be able to destory these balls ... wrong !! ... he went through all three balls in a weeks time . i would definitely `` not '' recommend these balls to any heavy chewer ... the balls will be history before you know it.p.s . the reason these balls do n't last is because the yellow part of the ball is another piece of rubber glued on top the actually rubber ball . the glue is not strong enough to keep it in tact .
 I bought the ball for my dog to play with while I ran errands . He seemed to enjoy it , but after one week , a large portion of the yellow rubber part of the ball was torn off and probably had been eaten . The yellow part appeared to be glued together by flimsy glue . Not cool . If your dog was an aggressive chewer , I would n't recommend it unless you were supervising your dog while playing .
 I have two male cats and live in a household with a dog . One or both of my cats did not take the adjustment process well and sprayed all over my roommate 's antique couch . After trying a couple products from the pet store I decided to give this a shot . I have tried it on both cat urine/spray and vomit stains . It helped in both instances minimally and I followed the directions to the T and treated the areas over and over with no avail . It did not get rid of the spray/urine smell and left a residue when applied to vomit stains on carpet and did n't remove the stain either . For serious odor contamination of feces , vomit or urine I found a commercial grade product that works a lot better . It 's called Hydrocide Extreme , Bridgepoint Systems makes it .
 We -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- have a good amount of experience with regular Nature 's Miracle and the excellent job it does neutralizing the smell of cat pee . So , when we discovered that one of our cats decided to pee on the carpet again , we figured the `` Just for cats '' should be at least as good , if not better , right?Wrong.This stuff is worthless . 2 months after pouring a gallon of this junk on our carpet , it still smells like pee . We are giving up and trying the Rug Doctor pet shampoo before we decided on replacing the entire carpet.I wish I would have stuck to the regular Nature 's miracle cause that worked great . Sometimes `` New and improved '' isint .
 Followed the instructions on the bottle , using an entire bottle on a 2 x 2 foot area of the carpet . Let it soak for an hour , then set up a fan to dry the area out for 2 days . Smelled just as bad as when I started . Perhaps our situation is unique or the cat urine had set in too much , but I found it to be a waste of money and time for us .
 This product smells ok , but really did nothing to remedy the problem I had . I used this product according to the instructions on several areas that my cats were urinating on . While it did help to mask the odor , closer inspection -LRB- sniffing on hands and knees -RRB- still revealed the odor was present , and cats continued to find and urinate on these areas . A cheap gallon of white vinegar would produce same or better results at a fraction of the cost .
 This did notwork at all . They seemed to have changed the product . This one has more alcohol in it and it does nothing at this point .
 I guess I should have read about this product a little more thoroughly . I did n't realize you had to completely saturate the area with solution . I used up the entire bottle in about 5 minutes . I did the areas where I know my kittens have been soiling the carpet . It smelled nice and the scent seemed to be gone to me , but I do n't have a very good sense of smell in the first place . By evening , my cats had already pooped in the areas I had just cleaned . I 'm not sure if this is purely behavioral but I am at my wits end .
 These sprays smell horribly , did n't work at all , and to top it off
 Maybe my dog is just crazy , but I would spray this stuff all over something he was licking and it did not really stop him .
 My dog does n't even seem to notice when this is applied and justs ignores it . She 's a beagle , too , so she is VERY scent driven !
 This food is compete garbage . Its main ingrediant is corn , which is very unhealthy for dogs since they can not digest it . It is just filler that stresses out your dog 's digestive systems . You are paying for food your dog ca n't even digest ! Also the meat in this food from meat that was of a too poor quality for human consumption . This includes feet and intestines.Please save yourself time , money , and your dog 's health by reading the review of it at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Pedigree Adult Complete Nutrition contains mostly grains instead of meat . The main ingredient is corn which difficult for dogs to digest and causes allergy and yeast infection problems . There little meat that exists are of low quality . In addition , it contains chicken by-products which is `` a meal consisting of the ground , rendered , clean parts of the carcass of slaughtered chicken , such as necks , feet , undeveloped eggs and intestines , exclusive of feathers , except in such amounts as might occur unavoidable in good processing practice . '' -LRB- AAFCO definition -RRB- It also contains chemical preservatives which is banned from use in human food and unnecessary artificial colorants.Pedigree Adult Complete Nutrition is unsuitable as a source of nutrition and should not be given to any dog . After reading up on proper dog nutrition , I have tossed my half-used 20lbs bag in the trash . Now feeding my dog `` Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul '' instead .
 We have two smaller dogs , 13 and 14 pounds . They both loved to chew on these bones . They would chew for hours -- until there was nothing left ! Then one day one of them got sick . Within 36 hours he was gone ! We are devastated ! A piece of nylabone broke off and lodged in his intestine . It did not show up on X-Rays since it is a plastic substance . Always supervise your pet with their toys . You never know when something like this can happen . We have found that this is not an isolated occurrence . You can read other stories at this site
 Below is directly from the product details of what I purchased . When I received the product it was 4 x 1 x .75 . Since what I received is clearly not the same as what I ordered , I am returning the product . If they have multiple listings of similar products , they should ensure the discriptions are correct.Product Details * Product Dimensions
 Perhaps it 's for dogs that are teeting or already have , but my Dogo Argentino pups from three to five months old do n't care for it . Added it to the pile of other wasted purchases .
 Until date I have n't received the item that I am writing about . Therefore , how can I share my opinion . But generally I have no problem with my orders from Amazon , except when it is from a third party supplier.Regards , Ahmed DashtiDohaQatar
 First of all I want to say that my dog loves the Wellness treats and I think they are one of the best treats out there for your dogs health . However , I ordered this item in a three-pack in August , and they sent me items that expired in September . These are normally dated out a year or more since they are a jerky . Not cool .
 i gave this food to a bird and he did not like it ! maybe it tastes bad ? we will never know cause birds cant talk ! but this bird would say `` this seed was not good ! ''
 The collar did n't even last a year
 Lupine advertises their collars to be chew proof . That is why I purchased this collar for my puppy whose nearly one year old.My dog has been chewing through his collars and harnesses and seems to be an escape artist . I 've bought four collars since I 've owned him and only one collar was replaced due to his growth.My veterinarian sells the leashes at his office and I was eager to try this brand after he chewed his way out of the others.My dog tore the plastic clasp overnight and I was back at the pet store with my dog the next day.I told the store manager that I had adjusted the collar to his neck properly and I was given full purchase price and bought him a replacement collar which so far has lasted.I ca n't buy him any leather accessories as he likes the smell of leather and will start chewing immediately.The one feature I like about this product is their 100 percent , money back guarantee against breakage .
 I will not be using this any more even though recommended by my vet . It is expensive with the number of dogs I have and I am not sure that it is doing anything . I also am concerned about the xylitol that it has in the solution regarding my pets health .
 This fan does not put out enought circulation for a small dog pen . I would not recomment this product at all . I wasted money on this product .
 I 'm sorry to hear about the difficulty in finding the details about the Hill 's Science Diet Savory Chicken Entr&eacute;e Adult Cat Canned Food on our website.I checked our website and found that the item Hill 's Science Diet Savory Chicken Entr&eacute;e Adult Cat Canned Food is currently only offered by the third party sellers on our website.Amazon Merchants and Marketplace sellers are independent , third-party sellers who offer a variety of new and used merchandise through Amazon.com . When buying from a third party , your order is fulfilled directly by the merchant . As a result , Amazon Merchants set their own shipping terms . In general , these charges reflect the handling costs for assembling and packaging each order , as well as shipping costs.Products listed for sale by Amazon Merchant should be identical to the new items sold by Amazon.com , with any differences noted in the description of the item 's condition.When you shop with an Amazon Merchant their merchant 's shipping terms will apply to your purchase . Rates , restrictions , and methods vary from merchant to merchant and are not set by Amazon.com . For instance , while some merchants will ship to international destinations , others do not.You can always view details of a merchant 's rates and policies from the product detail page of an item you 're interested in buying , and from the order form before you submit your order.As Amazon.com does n't handle the shipping of Amazon Merchant items , you 'll need to contact the specific Merchant with any questions you may have before ordering . They 'll be happy to help answer your questions .
 I love Hill 's Science Diet Adult , etc. , but I hate the way you market it . It comes in cases of 24 cans , but can only be delivered every 30 days ! What are my cats supposed to eat the other 6 days ? I would love to have ti delivered to my doorstep , but had to opt out because of the time discreptancy .
 i 'm still a fan of science diet , but why does n't petco include a description of these cans ? i wanted the 2.9 oz cans and specifically did NOT want the 5.5 oz cans . yet nowhere in the product description does it say whether it 's 2.9 or 5.5 oz . i guessed by the weight that it was 2.9 oz -LRB- the picture looks like the small can too -RRB- , but it 's 5.5 oz . i already paid shipping once , no way am i paying to ship it back . this mix up is n't the biggest deal in the world , just very annoying that such basic information is not included in the product description .
 I have a very picky parrot so I have been trying to find a good food for him . I ordered this and it came in a timely manner . When I opened it , it smelled a little musty . I noticed that the food was moldy , the second time I tried to feed it to my parrot . I definitely would n't recommend this food . I should have sent it back . Shame on me for not . I put it aside and did n't even think about it tillAmazon asked me to rate it . Never again !!!!!!!!!
 Would not recommend !! The majority of the 5 lbs bag is composed of tiny seeds -LRB- for doves or pigeon -RRB- , which parrots do n't eat .
 i 'm still a fan of science diet , but why does n't petco include a description of these cans ? i wanted the 2.9 oz cans and specifically did NOT want the 5.5 oz cans . yet nowhere in the product description does it say whether it 's 2.9 or 5.5 oz . i guessed by the weight that it was 2.9 oz -LRB- the picture looks like the small can too -RRB- , but it 's 5.5 oz . i already paid shipping once , no way am i paying to ship it back . this mix up is n't the biggest deal in the world , just very annoying that such basic information is not included in the product description .
 I just want to start out by saying my dog LOVED this toy and thrashed it around until he was exhausted . After about an hour of off and on playing , I could hear the sound chip starting to cut out ... then silence . Sent it back to amazon for a replacement ... and the sound chip in the replacement was dead on arrival -LRB- dead battery perhaps ? -RRB- . Sending it back for another replacement , keeping UPS in business ... THIS IS FUN !
 This is the FRAVORITE toy of my 6 year old Male Dalmatian.I purchased more than one of these so I can have a spare to replace the one he rips open in the first minute of play.I can no longer find these in stores -LRB- looked in no less than 10 stores locally -RRB- because a few of these stores told me that their customers also found that the toy was priced too high for such poor construction.At this time he still has a Moo Cow that has no , too small & dangerous , squeekers and no stuffing . It 's Moo component still works when he shakes and tossed the toy . That 's what he loves the most.I only hope he finds a new FAVORITE toy.Diane T.
 This toy is absolutely worthless if your dog has teeth . The black mesh on the sides came apart within 20 minutes of play and there was stuffing everywhere .
 My small beagle sized dog received this as a gift for x-mas . Before handing it over to him I felt like it was pretty tough and that it would last him several months . He has destroyed in less than an hour . He had a toy frog that I got him from Marshall 's that lasted months and this thing lasted an hour ? Makes no sense . A total waste of money for the person who purchased it for him .
 My dog has never destroyed a toy so quickly . Do n't be fooled by the false marketing . The mesh fabric looks tough at first , but it is weak and the large threading makes it extra easy for your dog to get a tooth in and start ripping it to shreds . Waste of money , you are better off with a normal plush toy that will at least last more than a few minutes .
 This was a cute and attractive toy . The bottom part of the toy is covered in a very durable fabric , but the top , that is the fuzzy head , is not durable at all . It came apart within two days of play and I had white stuffing all over my house to clean up . The rope came off easily . The bottom part stayed in tact . My dog is an enthusiastic player and loves toys that squeak . She is a Blue Heeler / Lab mix of about 55 lbs . I thought this toy might last longer , but it did not . Do not recommend for medium to large dogs .
 I pulled 6 toys off the shelf at the grocery store for my house full of rescue dogs & fosters for some last minute Christmas fun . This toy was the first one destroyed . We instantly had a `` White Christmas '' with stuffing everywhere , followed by a game of tug ` o'war that had the remaining shell ripped to shreds . This toy is not `` Tuff '' in any sense of the word . I do n't see how it can be marketed that way . I wish I had shopped ahead on Amazon and read these reviews before I wasted my money !
 This toy is a waste of money and it is false advertisement . My dog had this toy destroyed within 20 minutes of playing with it . The rope handle come off almost immediately and then the next thing I know the stuffing is all over the place . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 Like other reviewers , my puppy had this toy destroyed in under 10 minutes . Fuzzy hair and stuffing was everywhere . I do not recommend this toy for chewers !
 My dog had all the stuffing and the squeeky part out in under ten minutes , do n't get me wrong , she loved it , but for a dollar a minute it was too expensive . Bully sticks last a couple of hours at least .
 this toy is not made for chewers . it fell apart a week after i gave it to my 2 yr old dog .
 Bought this for my dog and he had the stuffing out in about 5 minutes . I have given my dog stuffed animals out of claw games that are more durable . Do n't buy this item . I would recommend a Kong Wubba . Those toys are tough and are similar to this item .
 Hey , I bought one of these today because I thought it looked cute , and it claimed to be good for `` tuff '' chewers.Well , my 7 month old Dobie mix -LRB- with all adult , not puppy teeth -RRB- had the stuffing out in 5 minutes!Now , I have to add that while her breed is noted for being aggressive chewers , she has plenty of other toys that have lasted months before wearing out , or have n't worn out yet.So while this product looks and claims to be durable - it is NOT . Buyer beware .
 Petmate makes a great fountain , but their black model should be discontinued . It is impossible to tell if the water is clean by looking at it . When I went to wash this fountain , like I usually do every couple of weeks , there was a purplish color slim growing by the pump and the charcoal filter was covered with it . I think the pump motor might have been leaking -LRB- I 'm not really sure -RRB- . If I had their white fountain I would have noticed there was a problem with the water right away .
 I also have this fountian in black . I get a orange slime on my filter and the white residue on the slide part . I agree it is hard to tell if the fountain is dirty . The filters do not seem to last very long either . I have not even owned this for a year and the motor has broke . Now I am attempting to find a motor to replace this one . I do not reccommend this color at all ! The fountian has been fine until now , but it should n't of broke down already !
 I swear I thought I read some reviews of this before I bought it for my son for Christmas ; must have been some other fish bowl . OK . The good things
 Obviously , I completely agree with the ` Too small ' approach , but I thought I 'd add this . This is an extract from an email from Tetra RE this product . ` We suggest that people keep the goldfish in an aquarium . We also suggest that people have 3 gallons of water per 1 inch of goldfish . Eventually the customer will have to move the goldfish to a larger tank . It also recommended the customer do a 50 % water change once a week to keep thewater healthy for the fish . Water testing is a routine part of the care of the fish . ` So , as you can well see , even they admit it is far too small .
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.In particular , this bowl is * not * ideal for goldfish and bettas.Goldfish grow to be up to one foot long . Even when they are smaller , they produce a lot of waste . Goldfish need 10-20 gallons of water * each * , and they are schooling fish so you should n't have just one.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 I bought this product after being pleased with its construction in the store . I even dropped it and shook it up a bit . But once it was full of dog food back home I was disappointed both by its lack of an airtight seal and how easily the entire lid came off . There is no way I could have this container where my dog or ants could get to it because my dog could just tip it over and the ants can walk right in . Its as if they tested it back at the factory without ever putting actual food inside . The pressure of the food against the walls makes it so the lid fits pretty loose . I 'm getting a vittle vault instead .
 I did n't want to rate this item because I did not use it . I had to contact the seller about returning it , because the hinges were broken off . Petco has a policy where you can return/exchange to a local store , but since the item was broken the seller requested that I just dispose of it properly . I then shopped in the local store and purchased an item that was unbroken and more appropriate for our need in addition . This item in the store looked very sturdy , I am not sure why the one I received was broken in the manner it was . Seller was very fair in customer support and solving the issue of the broken item . I would definitely buy from them again .
 This container is not airtight . The top , flip-up lid has a rubberized section which gives a good seal , but the main lid has serious gaps - no seal whatsoever . If you want to keep pests out and food fresh , keep looking . Also , the base has a rim that turns inward . Impossible to shake all of the old dog food dust out and makes for longer drying time as it 's very hard to empty all of the water out . On the plus side , the scoop which is included and fits in the lid , is very handy .
 We used 2 of these containers for both of our cats ' food . At first I was very pleased with these containers . They were big enough to hold each bag of food and easily scoop it out as well while being slim enough to fit in our small laundry room . However , one of our bags of food that we had ordered from our vet came -LRB- unknown of course -RRB- with flour beetles . The foods were seperated in these `` air tight '' containers so I thought they would have been contained in the affected bag . Boy was I wrong !! They were visibly crawling in to the closed top of the container holding the unaffected bag so that now we had to throw out both bags along with the containers because they were obviously NOT air tight .
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 The product does n't work like people say . The smell is still there . the cat still uses that area its a waste of money do n't buy the rug doctor pet stuff works better .
 Like most commercial dog foods , Eukanuba is mostly garbage , full of by - products , fillers and grains that dogs do not need for health . While this is certainly not the worst dog food out there , it is far from the best and absolutely not worth anywher near the price it commands . Pet guardians , please take the time to educate yourselves on what goes into your pet 's food . That initiative will give them the gift of a longer , healthier life , eliminate many chronic health issues that pets face , save you money in vet bills in the long run ... the list of benefits goes on and on.I have done extensive research on canine and feline nutrition and I highly recommend , if you are going to feed commercial food , Welless , California Naturals or Innova . For a great complete meal , I give my dogs all one of those dry foods mixed with a little bit of canned from the same brands , water for hydration , a touch of a good quality essential oil -LRB- such as olive , flax , etc. -RRB- , a touch of powdered kelp and alfalfa , a splash of organic apple cider vinegar , Prozyme digestive enzymes to unlock the nutrients in all that good food and top with a dollop of plain yogurt . It sounds like a lot , but it takes me less than 5 minutes to assemble the meals for 6 dogs - and they are ridiculously healthy an full of energy , even our 3 seniors who are 11 , 12 and 13 .
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 My chihuahuas LOVE this food . However , they only eat a little bit at a time so a pound roll last @ 3 days . Plus , we travel between 3 locations and I like to have food at all the places . Ca n't order the bigger ones because they spoil before we get to the end . The fact that I can only order 3 of the turkey rolls per month is forcing me to buy elsewhere which does not make me a happy camper . Now , a month later , I still can not order using Amazon . Taking another star off . If you are going to offer Prime shipping on a item , you should be able to order what you need !! Product itself gets 5 stars . Amazon limiting the qualities and causing me inconvenience rates a minus 2 stars .
 This item is old and stale . It is so hard that my dog ca n't even make a dent in it . On top of that this is not a 10 inch flossie . They charge $ 7 claiming it is a 10 inch bully stick when in fact it is a 6-8 inch bully stick which sell at the store down the street from me for $ 3.50 and they are not stale.What a rip off .
 We had a hamster in this cage for six months . First the tubes are impossible to keep together , they fell apart constantly . Secondly the wheel was not large enough for the bigger Syrian Hamsters . Lastly , and most unfortunately our Hamster Nemo was able to chew thru the plastic corners that kept the cage together . He did this in one night !!!! Sadly he did not survive his night out , we found him half alive from his fall . I would not purchase this cage , but would suggest one that is put together with interlocking metal .
 Bought these for my girl friend 's dachshund and it lasted 10 minutes , the squeaker quit working , and then he lost interest in it , We have n't tried another one , -LRB- they come six to a pack -RRB- , but not expecting the results to change !! These are not worth the price !!
 These are my little Westie 's favorite toys . She has been playing with them for years . Well about two years ago we could no longer find them in the pet store , so I went on line . Found your site and ordered 10 bags so we would never run out again . Problem with your product is that it is made with much cheaper products than the ones we used to get . With your toy the squeaker is broken in less than a minute . Sooooooooooooooo disappointing for my dog and myself . She loves to play music for us with her toys and with yours the squeaker is dead before she even gets to start playing . I will continue to order the toys for her as she knows the name of each one and adores them so , but I am also going to work hard at finding her something else of better quality to play with .
 My chihuahua bit all the eyes and ends off . Disappointed they did n't hold up better .
 Was not the chicken and rice that I ordered once before . The balls were bigger , very hard and darker in color - like they were made of other meat maybe beef or duck , it was not the chicken . They are light colored as shown in the picture.My dog is tiny and could n't eat them so I cut them up and still she was not happy with them , kind of ate some of it BOOOO !!! Would like to order more of the original ones I purchased that were smaller but am afraid will get wrong ones again .
 I 'm actually sending this stand back because it will not fit my cage . No information was given saying which cages will fit this stand . I naiively thought this was a universal stand for PH Revue cages . Wrong . Upon opening the amazon box , in huge letters on the box , it says `` for 18 '' x 18 '' cages only '' ! That is important information to have before ordering . So I 'm letting you know before you order this stand . I am impressed though with Amazon 's return process - very simple , a couple of clicks and UPS will be here in a couple of hours to pick it back up ! I only got it yesterday . Just sad that money was wasted with this whole process in the first place . So ... . this stand is only for 18 '' x 18 '' Prevue bird cages !!!!
 Simply not as break resistant as you might expect . Rosie weighs only 12 pounds and is 12 years old and this only lasted a month before I found cracks in the cable . -LRB- yes , she as with all Skips , is very busy -RRB- As she fits through our iron fence slats , and Skips are prey seekers , I have to tie her out when she is outside . I need a solid heavy tieout line for her and this one did not hold up even if rated for a MUCH larger dog .
 I received this cable through the mail today and i almost cried when i saw it . i will not even bother putting on my yellow lab he will break within 5 minutes.This is a cable best used for smaller dogs .920 POUND BREAK STRENGTH ? WHO CAME UP WITH THAT LIE?i coul ;d have saved time and money and just bought one from the dollar store for 5 dollars it would work just as good .
 Unfortunately both of my cats turned their noses up at this product , and one of them would throw up after I put it on her food
 I have 4 finicky cats . One inny , and 3 outies.I have to feed them a different flavor of food each night or they will turn their noses up at dinner.So I have tried these 4 different times now , knowing my furry kids are picky little things.Offered them Solo - They ignored them and walked away.On the side of their wet food , they ignored them and left them in the dish.Crumbled ON the food - They ate around them.Mixed IN the food - They ALL went without breakfast today . Everyone one of them walked away from the dish , swishing tails.Okay , I 'm done torturing my cats.They just do n't like them.Cats ! What r u gon na do?And this is just my experience.I 'm gad I got them here at Amazon though . Price + shipping was good , compared to WE 's website , so I 'm out a lot less .
 After using this product , right away I noticed a reaction with my Goldfish . I have -LRB- had -RRB- two and the one was affected more then the other . Did a water change and they seemed better . A few weeks later I used it again and then I lost the one fish . For the last few days , even after 2 partial water changes my lone goldfish is VERY stressed and going crazy . Today I 'm doing another 2/3 water change and hoping for the best ... Google `` Algaefix and goldfish '' and read some of the reviews you find there . Some folks think this product should be banned , and I agree wholeheartedly !
 Purchased this and initially loved it . Very convenient to have the bags attached to the leash , and the bags are very good quality -- no messes . However , when the first roll ran out , I attempted to open the dispenser to replace the roll . Impossible ! I tried for 20 minutes . Then , I took it into Petco -LRB- they sell them too -RRB- and two of the guys there could n't open it either ! I do n't know if it got glued on both ends during production or what , but it was rendered useless once the first bag was gone . Replaced it with the bone design -- that we tested at Petco before I brought it home .
 If you do n't have a lot of hand strength it 's not the right container to get . The lid is pretty much impossible to get off if the plastic is cold . It gets very frustrating to have to wait for someone else to get the lid off for you . The bags themselves are great though . I think the bone shaped one might be easier to use and will probably give that one a shot .
 This kit , like most API kits I have used is very simple . Take a sample of water , add reagent and compare the sample with a colored test card . The problem is that the test is not sensitive enough . The scale goes from 0 to .25 or higher . With a saltwater reef tank you want the phosphates around .03 . If there is any phosphate in the tank , which there almost always is , it will read .25 . It might be .25 , it might be .001 . You do n't know . If you have an algae problem , you almost certainly have a phosphate problem . There is no need for testing . Save your money and buy some GFO instead and use it whenever you have an outbreak of algae .
 Ordered this kit to test pool water for phosphates . The test result was suspect . I called the manufacturer and was told the kit was for Aquariums and that the chemicals in the pool water would produce incorrect results .
 Like others I struggled to fill the dome the first time without making an awful mess , a partially occluded 2 cm opening to fill a 2 L -LRB- 32 fl.oz -RRB- dome is ridiculous ! Figured out later that filling the open base without the dome in place would achieve the same effect and is a whole lot easier.Took some serious fiddling and repositioning to get everything in place so that the water flowed correctly . Forgive me but `` align the largest bubble with the green elevated portion of the base '' has got to be the dumbest instruction I 've read in a long time . The blue plastic `` bubbles '' are almost impossible to see through the dome . Also the most important thing that needs to be positioned `` just right '' is the fountain pump , mine got dislodged in shipping and the instructions do not even mention the correct position of the pump . I finally found where to place it so that it worked effectively , there are little ridges on the base , but it would have been helpful to have a PLACE PUMP HERE positioning diagram on the base . Filling the unit COMPLETELY , so the pump stays submerged , and positioning the pump correctly are vital in order to achieve a good stream and quiet operation . As said , this is NOT simple to achieve.My sense is that this unit would be nigh on impossible to clean effectively.The filter is worthless and seriously overpriced , replace every THREE WEEKS ?! You have GOT to be kidding me . Save yourself the money and fill any pet fountain with your own filtered water!OK , so if I figured out the things that other reviewers were struggling with , why am I returning this?Well , for one the AC adaptor gets VERY hot , a safety hazard IMHO.Finally the thing that really got me was how fast the water evaporated . My cats would n't go near the thing -LRB- if they 'd liked it I may have persevered -RRB- but even so the water level dropped about 2 cups a day . I live in Arizona which has low humidity normally , I admit , but this is monsoon season . I hate to think how often I 'd be refilling this thing in AZ 's normal humidity . Makes me worry about the posters who feel they can leave their cats for days with this as the only water supply.Save your money , pass on this one .
 I read about the benefits of cat fountains and used this one for a full year of my life , struggling with it every week . The parts are complicated and do not disassemble easily . There are 2 large parts that need to be unscrewed from one another , and one in particular gets sort of jammed when the water creates a seal in it and then very difficult to unscrew . I kept thinking how someone with arthritis or who was elderly or just not very strong could never use this thing . I thought that there must be more user-friendly ones out there , and I am so grateful to find out that there are ! I decided to try the Drinkwell Platinum fountain out to see if I could make this any easier . I wish I had done this a year ago . The cats seem like this one even more than the Cat-it , and it disassembles and reassembles so easily ! What a huge relief ! Pay the few extra bucks for the Drinkwell and know that you have saved yourself a lot of frustration .
 We have bought two of these in the past year and they both broke even though they were maintained very regularly , it is a great idea but I would never buy this brand again .
 We loved this fountain when we first got it . We had the other Fresh Flow type before , and thought this one looked pretty neat . The filters for this are quite expensive , and basically hard to find in our area . The cat dish itself gets slimey pretty quick if you do n't take it apart regularly . The spring on the part you have to push down to fill it up , stops catching so you have to hold it down while you fill it . You also have to keep up with taking the pump apart and cleaning it , or the water will stop pumping . I think this is a good product for the short-term , however I recommend the other brand if you want something that lasts and is a LOT easier to clean .
 I bought this a couple years back but never got to reviewing it . But anyways when I first got the product it worked great and everything operated properly . After about a couple of weeks I noticed that the water was n't cascading across the whole surface and it was only dribbling out on a couple sides . I was able to fix it temporarily but the problem kept coming back . The temporary solution is to rub your finger all along the surface so the water coats it eventually it will start cascading across the entire thing instead of dribbling down . I got sick of doing this after while , who has the time to sit there and baby sit a water fountain ? Sporadically my unit would suck in air instead of water , I checked the water levels , cleaned the filters and the pump , everything seemed to be in order . The thing that angered me most was how horrible the bowl design was , it 's impossible to clean every little crevice and unless you 're washing the thing every day and constantly changing the water , there will be some residue build up and calcium deposits depending on how hard your water is . I bought 3 extra filters , which I never used . I ended up throwing the unit away it just was n't sanitary at all no matter how hard I tried and I did n't want my pet drinking out it . I would not recommend this product especially considering how expensive it is and the filters . You can give your pets Fiji water , it would be cheaper and last longer , probably healthier too .
 i was expecting a large flow of water cascading over the dome . what i got was a very small stream over one part of the dome . i tried to send back ... they sent another instead to `` try again '' . this was a smaller stream over the dome . . requested mailing labels to send both back . was sent two us postal service labels . sent back and they arrived on my doorstep again . called again . . should have been FED x labels . . still waiting for pick up . QUITE A HASSEL TO RETURN AND TOTALLY DISSATISFIED WITH PRODUCT ... TWICE .
 Had a petmate fresh flow for years without any issues , then had to buy this as last resort . It looks cool , but it 's so noisy ! I often turn it off just to give my head a rest . Reason for noise is that the filters clog up every week and it gets so slimy each week too unlike my petmate fountain . It 's supposed to flow evenly all around the globe but it just dribbles at the back . This design blows . I am going to send it back to the makers and have American Express refund me . Not worth it , I 've already placed my order for a new petmate .
 I got this thing more or less against my better judgement and incredibly it exceeded my worst expectations.It 's noisier than I expected , considering that similar submerged , low-volume pumps I 've seen in table fountains and other small applications operate almost inaudibly . It 's about as loud as a large aquarium aerator , which is pretty obnoxious in an otherwise quiet environment.Much worse is the way in which the water -- as mentioned by others -- DOES NOT sheet , but rather bounces around the globe in a single large , fast-flowing stream which frequently spills over the edge of the entire contraption onto the floor until the pump runs dry , even when perfectly level . I slipped in the water it spewed all over the kitchen floor last night . I 've done everything I can think of to stop this , but there 's no way to defeat the surface tension on the outside of the globe and distribute the water properly , and the noisy pump cycles so much water that it creates this messy and dangerous condition otherwise.The device is complicated to disassemble and difficult to clean properly due to the many tight crevices on the interior surfaces.Naturally , because of the racket and standing water mess it produces , the cat will not go within ten feet of it while it 's running , and if it 's turned off , I might as well be using a normal water and feed bowl , which would have saved me about forty bucks.Absolute junk .
 I 've owned a Drinkwell & a Petmate . I thought I 'd give this a try . After setting it up and checking it out , I 'm going to return it and not even bother trying it out on my cats . To be honest , I had my doubts when I ordered it . Other reviews I read mentioned problems with even flow over the dome . I can confirm , unless you are sure you have a totally level surface , this could be a problem for you as well . I purchased the optional mat along with the fountain in hopes that it might help . It did n't . Something really important to consider is how much room this thing , when combined with the mat , can take up . It 's a lot . The size of the fountain on its own is comparable to the competition.If you anticipate putting this on a totally level surface and expect to be able to give plenty of room around the fountain for access to the dome , then this might work for you . The pump itself was quiet and the quality of construction seemed good , the design however was impractical for my needs.I 'm going back to the Petmate . The Drinkwell was good as well . I found it filtered better than the Petmate , but it just was too loud for my needs .
 I bought this on clearance -LRB- should have been a clue -RRB- But as far as I could tell it was not defective it simply is n't designed well : Problem 1 -LRB- of many -RRB- This does not assemble easily You have to align the dome with the base just right . Try doing it when your already late for work ... Problem 2 You need a very level floor or the thing will just have a stream flow down one side . Which is hard for furball friend to drink from.Problem 3 The pump is almost too quiet you can not tell if the thing is even working . You have to get down on your knees to look and see if it is flowing , and if so which side today ? -LRB- and -RRB- Can your cat even drink from a stream that small ? -LRB- are questions you 'll be asking yourself -RRB- Problem 4 filling the thing up creates a mess -LRB- water everywhere dripping -RRB- The dome has to be topped off twice a day at least . . or it will not flow at all . . not all that convenient.I like the idea of a fountain for my cat and I am sure he will like it too . This one was a waste of my time and was returned to the store . . I hope the new `` Drinkwell Platinum Fountain '' will preform better then this poorly designed contraption.Thanks for listening to my little rant .
 After trying this one , for several days , I worked on and put back into operation our several year old Drinkwell cat fountain . This thing was more expensive and not even close in ease of use or performance . Not to mention that the cat needed a great deal of encouragement to use it .
 Another one for the junk pile . Just got it and at 2nd fill it stopped . Plus it took up alot of space for the little water it held , and has to almost be taken apart to fill . Neither my dog or my cat ever figured out to lick the dome .
 I used this product for a week . After cleaning it and re-assembling it and carefully following all directions , the pump did not work . I returned the item and UPS has advised me that it was received on April 30 and signed for by `` William '' . However , I have not received my refund .
 The pump broke within 2 weeks and I have n't been able to find a replacement . The water level was not below the pump -LRB- aka it did not burn up -RRB- . It would be under warranty but I threw away the paperwork -LRB- my bad -RRB- because usually I keep everything and then it just clutters up and I never have a problem . However , I still think the product should last a little longer than that ! I purchased mine at petsmart and we live too far away to return it although I had tossed the box , etc.Also , when it did work , it was n't quiet . I would agree that the noise level of the pump did fluctuate as stated by an earlier reviewer .
 My cats loved this . Unfortunately , I do n't know if I got a faulty model , but after 2 months it just died . I always noticed the plug was really hot , but I hoped that was normal . One morning I woke up and the fountain was no longer working .
 I got this for my wife when the original filter/pump we had started leaking all over the floor after 2 years . I thought it looked cool and the cats and I typically agree on things like that . After the first month it stopped pumping water over the dome . I found that this was because the `` cotton '' aspect of the fliter flakes off and gets jammed up in the filter . I finally figured out how to clean it , but to keep it running it 's a weekly process . Today I noticed that the pump had burned out , the cotton had gotten inside causing the motor to die . I ca n't find a replacement pump online , e-bay or anywhere else . I think I 'll go get a new filter system today and get rid of this piece of junk.Jeff
 bought this in april - cats loved it and i loved it . easy to fill . got replacement filters for it and then it started getting gunky and slimy so i washed in water by hand with no chemicals and using just my hand to clean it . made sure pump was flowing good and put it back together and it stopped working . The water instead of flwing nicely over the dome started spurting out in heavy streams flooding the floor . I 've taken it apart and put back together several times and keep coming back to a flood . Called the company who sent me to the m aker Hagen and that wasnt a good experience either . At this point my only options are to send back and get money back or send to manufacturer and let them look it over lolreally disapponited in this product and all parties involved in selling it
 I have a Drinkwell Platinum and bought the Catit large to get something more quiet . It is easy to assemble and take apart . Locating the top bowl is easy after you figure it out the first time . The main problem is that no amount of fiddling with the bowl can fix the glaring design flaw that puts the pump input JUST below the water level . This thing works for while then starts sucking air even when the bowl is full of water . It is also frustrating to get the water to flow over the outer side of the bowl where the cats can get to it without getting behind the unit where the power cord is . So you fiddle with it , get it working , then 10-20 minutes later the pump starts sucking air again . I took it out back and smashed it on the patio - that was my most enjoyable part of owning this piece of garbage.I am using the Drinkwell again and will put up with it 's noise . Petmate is also OK -LRB- I had a low capacity model before my Drinkwell Platinum -RRB- .
 I purchased the cat it fountain , and for about 1-2 months , it was the greatest thing I could have imagained for my cats . They were drinking fresh water and it was great for them , they loved it . Very shortly however , it began to break down . The valve broke during routine washing . The water never formed a continuous stream over the dome , even after `` running my hand over the dome to release the static electricity . '' I was lucky if there was a single stream , but I took it because the water was at least getting cycled . Now , 90 % of the time , my $ 40 investment wo n't even throw me the smallest of streams , effectively turning my investment into an electricity wasting door stop . Sometimes , when I am lucky and seat it just right , it will give me a stream.It 's touch and go ... just be warned !
 I bought this from petfooddirect.com and thought it would be great for my cat . Unfortunately , problems were immediately evident ! For one , the floor must be PERFECTLY LEVEL , otherwise the water will not cover the dome , and if you wedge it like i did , it will make an annoying vibrating sound from the pump . Two , my cat was afraid of it ! He would n't even approach it . And third , which i thought was the most troubling , was that if you touch the dome even lightly , as if you 're a cat trying to lick water , the pump would respond and the whole thing would vibrate and make that same noise again . Also , as the other reviewer said , there 's no way it holds that much water , and you 'll definitely have to top it off at least once in two days or it makes a gurgling sound .
 I bought the Catit Dome Waterer thinking that , with multiple cats , it would be easier than refilling a small water dish a couple of times a day . The notion of fresh , filtered water also appealed to me . I was so wrong.Here is why I strongly suggest that you not waste your money like I did : First , I 'm not convinced the cats love it . I say this because mine still prefer the toilet -LRB- if the lid is up -RRB- even when this fountain is running.Second , the charcoal filter is supposed to be replaced every 2 weeks -LRB- $ 3 each -RRB- . There 's nothing economical about that.Furthermore , even though there is a charcoal filter , the base still gets slimy . So you have to unplug it and wipe down the surface of the base -LRB- every nook and cranny -RRB- weekly if you want your cat to have fresh water.Also , despite the filter , fur still gets into the base . It collects on the pump intake and prevents it from pumping water , so the unit effectively stops working . However , when the unit is running properly it 's silent , and when it clogs w/fur it 's also silent , so unless you 're looking carefully , you may not realize that it 's not pumping water . Dehydrated cats = not good . It 's an easy fix -LRB- unplug it , remove the dome , and wipe the fur off the side of the pump -RRB- , but it 's another not-so-pleasant `` feature '' of the fountain.And finally , the reason this product drives me positively bonkers
 This fountain died in its third week . Even while it was operational , the cats displayed an amazing lack of interest in it . We 'll return to regular water bowls which can easily be changed several times a day .
 This unit is worthless ... it is constantly clogging ... the filters clog constantly , and yes we keep the unit clean . I think my cats would rather drink out of the toilet than this since my toilets seem not to have the problems this unit has ... Do n't buy this .
 This was a horrible buy for me . the water would never flow evenly right from I first bought it , but I did n't feel like taking the time to return it . The product broke within a month , the water stopped dripping down the side completely . I wish I had returned this right from the start .
 My cat who is not a `` fraidy '' cat would not go near this ! I tried to return it but was refused even though I had only opened it and had not set it up ! VERY BAD RETURN POLICY !!! BEWARE ! So I set it up ... It spills easily and if the water runs out it says that you can ruin the water pump by running it dry so you have to keep checking it anyway to make sure it is n't spilling or had been tipped , So why not just fill a water dish instead and save -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks ? It will never be something you can leave unattended ... so it is pointless . It should have an auto shut off .
 I bought this with the hope that my two cats would drink more water and that I would have to fuss less with their water container . To my dismay after two months my older cat never drunk out of it -LRB- that 's even with her drinking less out of the sink -RRB- I was so worried that she would become dehydrated . My younger cat occassionaly would lick it . It became more trouble then it was worth . It never held 3 liters as stated in my book . It barely held 2 liters . I was constantly filling it up every week and 2 days and replacing the filter with every fill up . I have converted back to a glass bowl with fresh daily water . They are drinking more water then with the fountain . Hope someone enjoys it from goodwill .
 Would n't buy another one , ended up throwing it away . The filter does n't work very well so the pump gets clogged and gunky and very difficult to clean . The bowl itself is a pain to clean as well . Buy a fish tank and a cheap pump , the cat loves it and it costs the same and lasts longer .
 Updated review here !!!! Wish NO STARS was an option because that 's what this fountain deserves . I wanted to take away stars but could n't ... . I reviewed this fountain in January and I have tended to it for 3 months , with a huge smile on my face , I unplugged the catit fountain forever . What a sense of relief ! Now that it is dry I will be walking it to it 's final resting place ... the trash , where it belongs ! I just could not face taking this fiddly thing apart one more time to clean it . The fountain has not been in use for several days , going back to the WAY EASY old fashioned water bowl , I see my three cats drink the same amount of water . My female cat always looked at the catit fountain with disdain , she never liked it , the two boys have n't minded the fountain or going back to the bowl . A bowl takes seconds to clean , it does n't matter if your floor is perfectly level and takes up little space . My cats have not noticed the difference . If you really need more work , buy this thing , if not , stick to the low maintenance waterbowl.This was my first update ... My cats were forever drinking from the sink or bathtub and enthralled with running water . I have always thought about getting them their own drinking fountain but found them too expensive . I took another look online and was intrigued with the catit fountain , the price was right , the german design was interesting and it had one decent review . Well ... the water did not run evenly over the dome . I called the consumer help line and nobody ever answered . I e-mailed the manufacturer and was told they had the same problem ! and I was to rub the dome especially around the top where the water flows out . I had already caressed the thing untill my hands were frozen and pruned ! They also said the floor needed to be level , my floor is level but I suppose it is not perfect . So , I put a small piece of cardboard under the thing as a wedge and it worked but was no longer as quiet . I gave this fountain two stars as two of my three cats use it . They are not enthralled and the female cat , who loves water the most , does not like it very much . The cats were more interested in the cardboard wedge ! There is also no way it holds three liters of water it needs to be ` topped off ' every day . The only reason I did not return it was that I felt I had had enough trouble with this thing and it was not worth the extra time and effort to take it apart dry it off and return it . So if your floor is PERFECTLY level , you 've got a few extra hours to caress the dome and you will remember to add water everyday and your animal companions love change , this is the fountain for you . I wish I had spent more money and bought a less fiddly more standard design .
 We have had a lot of problems with the reliability of these cat drinking fountains . They seem to break fairly easily and are very expensive to keep replacing . Our cats loved this one , but after only one week of use , it is already not working properly . The water will not flow out of the dome properly even after speaking to someone at the manufacturer who helped us `` troubleshoot '' . Update 2/16/05 - we purchased another fountain and we are having the same exact problem !
 Barely recycled the water , cat learned how to shove her paws underneath it and clogged it . Also , grew mold terribly and water dosent really stream or run . Wound up replacing this with the Drinkwell Platinum
 We bought this about two months ago for our two cats . From the begnining we encountered small problems . The pin thing in the bottom would go flying everytime we tried to fill it and it made it extremely hard to fill . Then the pump started running extremely loud after about three weeks . Eventually the entire thing just stopped working , no water would go over the dome at all . Even with regular cleaning it always felt gross and dirty . We bought a new on -LRB- different brand -RRB- this weekend which is much easier and quieter . I will never buy anything from this company again .
 Having this clipped to the leash gets annoying quick , but the biggest downside is that there 's not mechanism to help you tear the perforated bag from the roll . We do like the bags themselves
 Hermit crabs climb . I 'd say if you do n't mind trying to find your crab every morning , by all means , go ahead and use this . Like another reviewer said this would be a death trap for a baby water turtle . This is n't some cheap quick fix habitat because you did n't do enough research .
 No turtle should live in this or any other plastic `` lagoon . '' . Turtles are expensive to maintain in proper and humane conditions . Please do not subject a baby turtle to this death trap . The most popular pet turtle , the Red Eared Slider , requires at least 10 gallons of water per inch of shell length , filtration for 3x the size of the tank , proper water and basking temperatures , and a UVB bulb .
 Ordered the habitat for turtles and I did n't receive the tree that went with it . That was the main reason I ordered it . To much of a hassel to return it so I 'm using it like it is , but disappointed !
 I have been using an API Calcium Test Kit to test water in a reef tank.As the test kit began to be depleted I ordered a new one of the same test kit.Too my surprise where as the first kit indicated 380ppm the second indicated 520ppm . Same test performed within mins using two API Calcium Test kits!Shame on API for selling such poor products !
 I ordered this product online because where I live there is no place to get saltwater test kits . When I received the kit , it only had one test bottle in it ! Very disappointed , this mistake put me back a week on my aquarium set up .
 After you put 10 drops of bottle 1 in the test tube you have to put drops of bottle two one drop at a time and shake after adding each drop . Up to 25 drops or more . There has to be an easier way . I also performed the test about 7 or 8 times and it would turn blue directly from pink after about 5 drops . Never turned any shade of purple . Instructions say if it does n't turn purple and stays blue you added too many drops at a time . How do you put in 1/2 a drop ? I may be stupid , but I am not an idiot , I followed the directions exactly . The bottles were not expired , but probably defective solution .
 When I first saw this product I was super stoked . Compared to other calcium test kits it a heck of a bargain ... so I thought ... My doctor had told me that my bone issues were releated to a calcium disorder . He told me that I needed to improve my intake , go on supplements and medication , and monitor my levels . Well , I know how all those guys work . Always about the dollar . The copay for some of this stuff was crazy high . I did n't even want to think about what it would be once health care reform went into full swing . Joe Biden and Bore-rack can check my calcium levels when they suck it out of my stink nugget . Anyway , when I saw this I figured I had beat the system . Boy was I wrong ... So it comes with this tiny test tube and an eye dropper of liquid . I urinated into the test tube and then the instructions said to add 30 drops of the liquid and wait for it to turn purple . Well , Im juggling the tube of warm urine and dropping the liquid as instructed . The tube overflowed before I got to thirty and as I was cleaning it up , it turned purple anyway ! An obvious scam and a huge mess for my wife to clean up . Do n't waste your cash , buy something else or do what I always have ... ignore all medical advice from the professionals .
 Not sure why the description says these bags are biodegradable . On the package itself , there is no mention of bags being biodegradable at all . They simply seem like regular plastic bags . I 'd suggest Amazon and the manufacturer fix the description of these bags so people who 'd like to order biodegradable bags do n't feel like they 've purchased the wrong product .
 These looked like the same bags I had been using from Pet Smart . However , I 'm about a week or so in and the bottom dropped out of 1 bag . Ew . The bag I tried to use yesterday was sealed on both ends & I could n't use it . Had to go back with a new bag and pick `` it '' up . I 'm hoping it 's a fluke roll , but I do n't know .
 I bought them under the impression the bags were biodegradable as stated on the listing but when i received the package , the fine print says * except as defined in California * . California defines biodegradable to mean `` a material which generally will decompose when it is disposed within one year through natural processes into a nontoxic condition , as defined '' . So basically for this company to claim it 's biodegradable even if it takes 5-10 years to decompose is very misleading . If you 're concerned about the environment , as we all should , then this is n't the right product for you .
 These bags used to be great ; however , they have changed the design . Instead of a straight line perforation , now it 's curved so that it 's extremely hard to tear off a new bag without ripping a hole in the next one . Even when I try to tear a bag at the perforation carefully , the bag rips , causing me to go through several bags before I get to one without a hole in it . It 's obvious they are trying to cut corners and use less material , but as a result , we will not be buying these bags again . What a terrible design .
 I primarily got these bags due to price.I have two problems with these bags ; I train and work with German Shepherds who can leave some larger waist . I find I sometimes have to use two for one disposal , particularly if I want to tie a knot in the top . I find myself having to pack twice as many on trips.The second problem is I find I have to be very careful when tearing off a bag . They do not tear strait across . The way they are perforated , they tend to tear along one side , and will take the side of the next bag with it . This makes the next bag a two sided piece of plastic.May be OK for small dogs , but I still have a problem with how they tear off the roll .
 I received a new `` improved '' kind of bag instead of the ones pictured . Instead of a perforated edge that is straight across , the new design has a curved perforated edge that turns into the handles , there by `` saving '' 10 % or 20 % of the material . Even in a lit room , following the long curved perforation is difficult and results in torn bags . Can you imagine using these on a dark night ? And the reason I bought these is because they are -LRB- used to be -RRB- bigger than many of the cheap knockoffs . Not anymore.-1 point for tearing-1 point for smaller-1 point for the picture not matching the product-2 points for the text that makes an advantage out of using 20 % less material.Sigh .
 I loved these bags before they redesigned them . -LRB- I would have rated them 5 stars previously . -RRB- The new shape makes it difficult to figure out where to tear them and it also causes them to protrude from the holder by about 5 or 6 inches . I have also found that when tearing off a new bag , it sometimes tears away from the perforation . This leaves a hole in the bag so it is unusable . I 'm very disappointed .
 It 's a bag designed to hold poop , how bad can it be ?? Well , we 've tried a lot and this one was our preferred brand . We have bought this brand for years - in bulk - so we do n't reorder that often . Unfortunately , since the last order , the design has changed and these are no longer functional . First , they are difficult to tear because they are curved at the top and bottom to form `` handles . '' If you tear too quickly , it rips and you put a hole in the bag rendering it useless . Second , the opening is much smaller and it 's harder to fit your hand . Third , the bags are shorter , leaving more of your hand exposed to , well , you know what . Finally , the part that holds the poop is a smaller teardrop shaped bag , which is fairly small so it 's hard to fit your hand all the way in without ripping it . It also holds less requiring the use of a second bag . We want the old bag back !
 These bags are very poorly constructed . They are so flimsy that when you try to separate the bags -LRB- as gently as you do it -RRB- , you will end up tearing the bag . Aboout every 4 out of 10 bags have fallen apart on me .
 I 've been buying these bags for years and have been happy with the quality for many years . But it seems like the quality is getting worse and worse . My 2nd to last batch had bags that did n't have an opening . The were perforated and tore apart nicely but none of the bags had an opening on either end . I had to use scissors to cut an end open . I thought `` fine , probably was a bad batch that passed quality control . '' My last batch was worse . 4 out of 5 bags slit apart . Not because the bag are `` weaker '' and `` thinner '' but they seem to be CUT vertically . I open the bags and it splits right down the middle vertically with a perfectly cut edge . This make 4 out of 5 bags completely useless .
 I do n't think these bags are of very high quality . In the roll I 'm using now , about 1/4 of them come out slit up the side , making them useless . This has happened on previous rolls , just not to this extent . There is either poor quality control or the bags are just poorly made , period .
 These -LRB- 315 bag -RRB- are not the same as the other Bags on Board brand bags . The others are 14 '' long while these are 12 '' . You may think it 's only two inches right but it really really makes a difference . It 's harder to tie and whereas I could tie a knot while wearing gloves with the 14 '' ones with these it 's impossible . Also , you 'd better carry extras of these since you may perhaps have to use two if your dog 's been holding it in for a while.Until the product description specifically says the size of the bags I can not recommend these . Once they do list the size I 'd say it 's fine since small dog owners can buy them . I love the 14 '' brand ones though and have been using them for over a year and have only had one bag that was bad . That 's a pretty good record.Update March 25 , 2012 : It seems the 120 count bags are now 12 '' as well and one of the 120 bags so far had a nice finger sized hole in the bottom which I did n't notice until my finger stuck into some poop . Not only are they cutting down on 14 % of the product it seems the quality has gone down as well . I 've ordered certain green colored ones and did n't like them at first since they were 12 '' as well but they 're still doing great with no hole so far and supposedly they 're better for the environment . I may as well stick with them now.Update April 8th , 2012 : Out of those 120 count bags I so far now have three bags that were useless . Two had gaping holes in it and on one the entire bottom just tore apart like tissue paper . Now I 'm scared if I make any effort to get all the poop out of the grass it 'll just rip apart .
 I have been mainly buying the bags on board poop bags from the pet store that was selling the 120 bag count for about $ 13 . I decided to try these to save some money , as they were about $ 16 for 315 bags . Big mistake . The bags are much smaller -LRB- a little too small for comfort with my 45lb dog -RRB- than the bags in the 120 bag packs . More importantly , about 25 % -50 % of the bags per roll were ripped in the middle/side of the bag , which made the bags useless . I would sometimes go through three or four bags in the roll until I found one intact . I will be sticking with the original 120 pack blue bags from now on.On the marketing aspect , a few of the reviewers complained about misleading advertising about biodegradability of the bags . However , at least the bags I got a month ago made no such claims about being biodegradable on the packaging . The smaller 120 packs do make such claims , which reviewers for that product have noted .
 I have been using bags on board 's refills for about 5 years . Several years ago I ordered the pantry pack refills and figured they would be convenient and cost-effective . But when they arrived , I noticed the role was much smaller than my previous refill rolls , even though it was the same number of bags per roll . Then I started using the new bags to pick up after my yellow lab and discovered that the size of the bags is smaller . As the bags are sized now , I often have to use 2 bags to finish picking up after my pet each time -LRB- otherwise , you risk getting pet waste on your hands -- yuck ! -RRB- . The height of each bag is 2 inches smaller ! Bags On Board has informed me that the pantry pack bags are 2 inches shorter than the refill bags -LRB- in the 2 , 4 , or 8 packs -RRB- . Owners of big dogs might want to avoid the pantry packs . Since then , I have made sure to avoid the pantry packs and order the regular refill bags . Now , however , without advertising the change , Bags On Board has also reduced the size of the regular refill bags by 2 inches , so that they are also 9 X 12 . Had I known that , I would have not ordered the refill bags . Owners of big dogs beware !
 They said they reduced 20 % of material but as many said , it tears so easy and you will probably waste more than 20 % . So it is not eco friendly at all and for us , it is much more expensive deal . Just can not believe they actually approved and released as product . What shame .
 I have used the bags on board brand dog bags before and have been very satified . However the last time i purchased them the quality was much reduced . The bags are now very thin and rip . As anyone can imagine having a dog bag tear is not an experience you want . For the price of these dog bags it is hard to beleive that the slight reduction in plastic makes a significant difference in profit to the company owners .
 Every time I use it in pack n bag it tears the bag open ! -LCB- t says fits all but is not for all .
 These are PLASTIC bags . NOT BIO FRIENDLY ! These can not be composted . The are NOT environmentally friendly . They are just like plastic grocery bags . I am returning these and going to -LSB- ... -RSB- I only clicked on a one star rating because I ca n't post without doing some sort of rating . I rate these as ZERO .
 These are harder to open than the produce bags at the grocery store ! Factor in nighttime and a tugging dog and forget it !! I used these because they do n't sell anything else at my pet store , until I stayed at a dog-friendly hotel -LRB- Loews -RRB- and they gave me Scoopies . I will never go back to Bags on Board .
 Great idea ; poor quality control/production ... perforation/separation area between bags is terrible . If you 're lucky enough to get a bag off the roll without it shredding , splitting , or tearing where the perforations are ... great . I get `` a good one '' after maybe discarding a half dozen or so . Of course I then looked at the product origin -LRB- China -RRB- and it now makes sense ...
 These bags are very hard to use separating the folds of the top and opening them to do their job is difficult . I have to wrestle with them every time.My big complaint is that they do not keep in the smell like other bags do . If you throw a loaded one into the kitchen trasheveryone will know its there . Cheap but not for me ...
 These bags are defective . A roll I bought has the bags sealed on BOTH ENDS . This makes them completely useless for the intended purpose , unless you happen to have a knife or scissors with you . I suggest finding another brand of bags , because these are RUBBISH !
 The photo in the description -LRB- at time of review -RRB- shows a little logo that says the bags are biodegradable . But when the bags arrived , the little logo says , `` Stop over-poop-ulation '' and shows no mention of being bidegradable . I tried to contact the company for clarification , but received no response . I 'm returning the product and will not be buying anything from the Bags on Board brand .
 These bags work just fine but they are made out of plastic ! They are not biodegradable . I recommend Biobag instead , they are 100 % biodegradable .
 Upon receiving these bags , I noticed that the design and quality of Bags on Board bags have completely changed since the last time I bought them . The new bags I received now rip apart at the seams when you try to open them and the actual bag is of much lower quality than before . They also added a handle which also complicates using the bags . I 'm not sure why the company has made this change , but I will not be buying them again .
 Overall , hard to deal with while walking a dog , trying to tie off . Needs handles , or maybe a just made little longer to be able to tie off . Some were hard to open , also .
 I 've ordered the smaller packages of the Bags on Board and these seem smaller . Disappointing since the per-unit price was essentially the same and I did not get a ` bulk ' discount for buying the larger package .
 I bought these because they claim they are biodegradable . I do n't know about the bag itself , but once you get down to the last bag , the little roll in the middle -LRB- the thing the bags wrap around -RRB- is a considerable chunk of plastic which is obvioulsy not biodegradable or recycleable . Whatever !
 Poop bags are too short . They do not open easy . Too many times I am standing in the freezing rain trying to open a poop bag . Today , after five minutes , I said to hell with it and left the poop . DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP . They are so bad they should pay you to use them . Generic bags are better .
 I bought these as a cheaper alternative to Doggie Walk Bags , which I had been using for many years . When I received them , I discovered a significant shortcoming - the bags have no handles . You need handles to be able to tie up the bags , and to carry them with . The old adage `` You get what you pay for '' is true in this instance , I guess .
 These bags are not biodegradable by any reasonable definition . New legislation in California is taking aim at manufacturers , such as this , that make misleading Green Claims.Lab tests reflect the composition of these bags to be plain old , Low Density Polyethylene -LRB- LDPE -RRB-
 I have been using these Bags on Board for 4 years . They have become shorter - but I did n't really complaint about that . Now , however , I felt the need to write . The last order I received is made differently - with little ties at the top . These are more flimsy than they once were , and now you have to try to tie the little tabs at the top in order to close the bag.If you are going to sell something - and are planning to change the design , you should show it so that everyone can clearly see -LRB- no it was not listed in the item description -RRB- that it has been changed.I will not buy these bags again .
 This product has been updated with a `` new '' design which is supposed to be more eco friendly with 20 % less plastic . The problem is that the new design causes me to rip wholes in the bag with trying to separate the bag from the roll . The old design was much better .
 I was very disappointed with this new design . I have used these bags for years and was happy to purchase in a large quantity.The design concept is a great idea as it cuts down on the size of the bag . However trying to tear the bag from the roll in itholder is very difficult and sometimes tears the side of the bag which makes it unusable . I am a senior citizen and find it easierto use the bags out of the container . Maybe a new container design would be the answer.I do n't think I will order again which will be a while anyway , because I was sent two orders .
 I used to love these bags and would recommend to others . However , the last order I received the bags had been redesigned . Now , they are awful . I ca n't tell you how many times the bags ripped when trying to take them off the roll or worse yet , my fingers went thru the bag because it ripped at the seam . I am now in need of new bags and I will not buy these again unless I can be guaranteed they are the previous design .
 I have used Bags on Board for many years , through the lives of four dogs . Now , all of a sudden , the manufacturer decides to cut corners and produce an inferior product . The bags are thinner , tear easily , and very difficult to pull apart . In fact , I wound up with holes in several bags just trying to get them apart . I 'm about to throw the order out , and want to advise Amazon not to carry this brand any longer .
 Ordered two packages of these doggie waste bags on Amazon.com , based on my previous purchases at the local pet store . Both packages had a number of rolls where at least 5-8 bags were completely misaligned at the tear point . Either both ends were sealed or both ends were completely open - so I either had to tear open one side to use the bag , or tie one end before I could use the bag . Wrote back to the manufacturer , who sent me 50-cent paper discount coupons -LRB- useless for Amazon.com -RRB- and a couple of free rolls . Unfortunately , one of those free rolls was also partially misaligned so I stopped using this company .
 Please go back to the original style . This new style was a good thought with the handles , but tearing a bag off is such a pain !! I rip/waste so many !
 Every time I take my dog out , I curse these bags -LRB- an unfortunately , I purchased a ton of them before I realized how bad they are -RRB- . Terrible curved design which makes it impossible to rip one bag off without ripping the bag in two . I have to really concentrate to rip the bag without breaking it and that is not what I want to do on a cold early morning walk ! Stick to the straight rip design . Ca n't wait til I am done with these things .
 Do not buy these ! They have change the shape of the bag , they tear all the time when you try to get a new bag , thinner and not leak proof like before . They need to I back to the original product that was reliable and not a waste of money .
 The new bags have a fancy `` easy-tie '' shape with curved handles and are significantly shorter than the previous rectangular bags -LRB- which had shrunk once before in recent years from the original bags -RRB- ... The worst part is you invariably rip the corner of one or the other of the bags when you try to separate them along the fancy shape , and then you have a nice poop hole in the corner just large enough for your finger to get thru ... I 've been using these bags for years , but never again !!! If I could give 0 stars and a poopy smell , I would . I 'll have to find another kind of bag -- unfortunately I just bought three huge boxes . : - -LRB- PS Good news -- I learned from Bramton that `` We have listened to our consumers and are switching back to our original style . ''
 Who ever decided that the bag shape needed to be redesign , who ever redesigned it and who ever approved of the design should be fired . I use to like this bags , the were convenient , environmentally friendly and easy to use -LRB- not that there is a science behind the use of poop bags -RRB- . Now someone went and decided to change the rectangular shape of the bags to what I guess is the shape of a hand . First this makes them very difficult to detach an individual bag out of the dispenser , they do not cut out as easily as before . And , if you are going to redesign them into the shape of a hand , or what ever you call the new shape , what happened to the thumb ! At least before you could use one of the corners now it is very difficult to `` perform the task '' they are intended for . O.K. , there is a saying it holds true more often than not
 Instead of getting the rectangular bags I thought I was ordering , I got another type , NOT PICTURED , that were shaped like little purses with handles to tie to top . It was impossible to separate bags on the perforated line without tearing the bag rendering it useless . Complained to the seller by phone and got nothing ... they said I could return the bags which would have cost as much as I paid for them.So , I called Bags on Board who apologized profusely , said they have discontinued these bags due to complaints like mine , and agreed to send me several rolls of rectangular bags for free . They did , indeed , send me 12 rolls and 5 coupons worth one dollar each towards the purchase of more bags . I really appreciated the way they stepped up , unlike this seller . I will never buy from this source again .
 I 've used bags on board for a couple years and have always loved them . With this order , the bags were different . Shaped in a U-shape instead or a rectangle . They split apart when you try and remove them from the roll . They are also smaller . Bad all around . I sure hope this has n't replaced the old bags .
 New bag design very hard to unroll and pull apart , size and shape are very small , quality of bags is very poor . Previously I had used bags on Board for over 15 yrs - but no more . I followed up wit the company who makes them and aftr much pleading they agreed to refund my money but not the shipping .
 These bags were recently redesigned and two changes make them close to useless . First , the bags are much flimsier and prone to ripping . Second , by adding what I 'm sure the designers thought would be convenient tie flaps , the bags are very difficult to pull off the roll.Not worth buying again !
 Did not know that this product had been changed so much . It is thinner , light weight and designed to tear apart when using it . Many of the bags as we started using them came apart as we were in the process of cleaning up after the dog . Some half-wit apparently decided we needed to have a way of tying the bag after filling it . We could tie it closed very nicely with the old style bags which are heavier and hold together very well . I am currently searching for a replacement bag and will likely dispose of these that I bought unused . Very poor quality and a stupid design .
 We have gotten bags on board Dog waste bags before but these seem to be much shorter , and unfortunately when we pick up dog poop it gets on our hands . !
 These bags are just terrible as others have said but I did n't listen.Don ' t waste your money too.Not only are they not long enough to hold contents , but then there is n't enough length left to be able to tie up in a knot even with a small amount of content!But the biggest problem is the diameter . They are not wide enough to be able to get the scooper in accurately . One slight mistake and and either the &#34; stuff &#34; gets on the bag or worse , your hand !!! These bags need to be longer and most of all * wider * to be even usable .
 The bags are now 2 inches shorter -LRB- from 14 '' to 12 '' -RRB- and for big dogs the shorter bags do n't work . The bags have a good thickness and are great for very small loads , but because of the short length it is very hard to tie up and close the bag . It is not worth the money getting this product anymore now that the length has been shortened .
 One thing I do not quite understand . The 120 bags package only cost $ 7 , but why 60 bags package cost just a little lower at $ 5 , hope the price can go down more . Otherwise , I like this package , because I can easily squeeze it into the my table drawer .
 The picture needs to be changed to show the actual product that you are getting . This product is not biodegradable and not the product your getting . I even called the company number on the back of the box and the woman said they have not made these bags for at least 2 years . I count on Amazon to keep the photo of the product and the actual product matching .
 Opening the bags is just a little easier then opening a safe without the combination . Size is good as is the abilty to tie it closed
 I do n't understand how it 's hard to make a bag that 's 1 -RRB- Easy to tear from each other2 -RRB- Does n't leak3 -RRB- Thick enough to not have to feel the poop.This bag does n't do any of these , would not recommend them .
 I have been purchasing the 120ct Bags-on-Board for a while now and have always been satisfied . They rarely rip , perforations tear well , opens well , etc. etc.But , when I purchased the 120ct bags a couple of weeks ago , I found that they shortened the bag significantly and am having trouble tying a knot on the bag ! I have 2 small dogs -LRB- about 10-15lbs -RRB- and use 1 bag for each , so I am not stressing the limits of this product.I do n't know if they are trying to cut corners by making the bag smaller , or just are having temporary issues with quality control . Either way , I DO NOT recommend this product until they correct this !
 Why did this company try to fix what was n't broken ?? This was a good product before they decided to redesign it . Now there 's more ` handle ' to the bag than there is area to hold the poop . And the plastic is thinner and very flimsy . The seams do n't hold up either . I will not buy these bags again and I 've been using them for years . Thankfully there are alternatives that are biodegradable .
 I ordered these bags a few months ago and have been meaning to post a review . After looking at the pictures on this page , I totally didn &#8217; t get this style bag . I ended up getting bags that were in the shape of a mitt , fitting your hand in perfectly when picking up after your dog , &#34; new shape w / 20 % less material &#34; . I thought that was a great idea until every other bag was ripped and not usable . This was very frustrating and I always had to make sure I brought several with me knowing I &#8217; d have to go through some to find one without a rip in it . Great concept , but they need to be made a lot stronger so they don &#8217; t rip when you are separating the bag from the roll . Going back to the biodegradable bags from Downtown Pet Supply , I 've never run into a bad bag with that product .
 I would give these bags ZERO STARS if I could!The design of these bags has changed and NOT for the better . Now each bag is tough to separate from the roll because the join is curved and poorly perforated . As the bag 's length is partly a handle now , each bag is WAY smaller -LRB- okay if you 've got a tiny dog -RRB- ! It 's easy to ruin the bag you are removing as well as the next bag . Really hard to do in a hurry or at night too!They are supposed to be saving on plastic , which sounds like a great idea , but this is a lousy design . BE WARNED!We will be avoiding this bag in the future . What a pity we got a pantry pack !
 We have 4 dogs and I foster dogs all the time . This was the only bag I would ever use - no holes , did not rip easily . They changed them to be less plastic -LRB- which is a great concept -RRB- . But they are now thinner and have curves which do n't separate easily . I now waste 1-2 bags per roll and I bought the box - ick ! I will not buy these again - they are a waste of time and money and now worse than other comparable bags .
 These bags used to be great ! The perforation between each bag used to be well-defined , so it was easy to tear off a bag , and you 'd never have problems tearing the bag itself.Not anymore - the bags have been redesigned for the worse - the perforation is very shoddy now , which makes it very easy to tear the bag itself apart.This product WAS easy and convenient to use . This is no longer the case .
 The bags have changed . They are no longer rectangular but now oddly shapen and pretty much useless with a curved edge that makes them hard to tear apart and hard to use and leaves straggling `` handles '' sticking out the dispenser . I am returning my latest order . An order a month ago had the old product which was great . There 's no indication on Amazon that it 's different now BUT IT IS . Avoid . They really need to give this a separate product code because it is pretty much a different bag .
 read the other reviews . these bags used to work great , but in mid to late 2011 the manufacturer changed the size of the bags . they 're now 2 '' shorter and are not large enough for large deposits .
 bags do n't tear off cleanly and end up with holes and ca n't be used . ca n't wait until they 're used up .
 I am not sure why they changed the design of the square bag it worked great . When we ordered them it did n't say it was a new design and it still doesnt ' so we are not sure about reordering them . The photo is not what our box is . We thought we would give them a try and not return . However , with the curved shape it is harder to tear off and I do n't even use the container anymore because its so hard to do . You ca n't even tear them right every time without ripping a hole into another bag . It 's so hard to fit your hand into each bag and our dogs are small . So we wo n't buy these bags again these are terrible . What a pain .
 I will no longer be purchasing these bages . I 've been getting the box -LRB- 315 bags -RRB- and using them since 2010 without a single complaint . The bags teared correctly every time and never broke . plus they are blue!Cons
 This redesign is one of the worst redesigns accorded to a product . You have a product that used to work beautifully , and you decided to go ahead and change it into a design that just is so far away from what it used to be , it is hard to get used to separating them or using them.For the first time in close to 6 years , I have had poop touch my hands , and at one point , in the dark , I did n't realize the flimsy ` tie-ends ' touched the poop , and I carried it to the front of my jeans.I would be switching to another product right away unless you go back to the old design , and make a note on the description indicating you have done so .
 I am a long time user of Bags on Board refills . This time , the bag seems to have been redesigned to include some sort of ties . Tearing the bag is problematic , and two bags of my first roll tore off with the bag 's seams completely torn . So , I could not use two bags in first batch . Sticking with the old design , a plain rectangle bag works best . I wish I knew of this new design before purchasing this product .
 The new design of these bags is terrible . I lose two bags by ripping them trying to get them off the roll for every one that I successfully rip off . It is so irritating , especially at night in the dark with two dogs who like to do their own thing . I absolutely HATE these new bags , I actually thought about sending them back . I really hope this is n't a permanent thing , and I hope they are n't doing this to all the bags in this line .
 Earlier versions were good . Now they are trying to save money and making them much too short . I think they may lose in the end , as I for one will not be buying these again . Save your money .
 I 've used these bags for years until recently that is . The last batch of bags I ordered are now smaller in size e.g. , they are no longer wide enough to fit the B on B pooper scooper I have without tearing and are shorter in length enough that I now need to use two or more on a single walk should my YLabs need to make `` prezzie piles '' on their walk.Just one more example of an American company having their product -LRB- s -RRB- made in a foreign country instead of right here in the U.S.A. to help support our flagging economy . And if that 's not unconscionable enough , they are now making it smaller , of less quality , reducing quantity in the package while still raising the price to make more money.I think all customers should send amazon.com an email requesting that place of manufacture be listed on all products sold on their web site so customers can make a conscious and informed decision of whether or not to buy a product not made in the U.S.A. Personally I 've grown quite tired of supporting China 's economy . It 's time we got back to supporting our own economy !
 These bags are too thin . I will never buy this brand again . It takes me well over a minute each time just to get them open . They are so thin it is hard to get any grip when you rub them between your fingers . There have got to be better dog waste bags out there . The bags I got with my bag holder were much better . Just wish I could find more of those without having to buy another holder each time . The refills of that maker are a little better than these , but still not as good as the single roll that comes with the carrier . What a gyp .
 Wish I had read more reviews before buying these . I usually get similar bags and did n't realize the difference until they arrived . These bags are a weird shape so that when they tear off , the next bag rips very easily . They are also very small and I found random holes in them . I 'm so disappointed and I think I 'm going to donate these bags to my local shelter and start over again with my old ones .
 I would not have purchased them if I knew they were not biodegradable . Other than that they are fine .
 Good item but the shipping cost was just as much as the item if i had time to go to the store and buy it myself i would have rather than paying the outrageous shipping cost .
 These bags are a great concept if you take your dogs in public . However , they are not biodegradable . Such a waste ... pun intended .
 The bags are thick and the right length but they strongly smell like poop even before you touch anything with them . They will leave your hand smelling like poop after you use them too . It 's a shame since it was very convenient to get them in bulk but now I ca n't wait for the pack to be empty .
 These bags are * not * biodegradable as advertised !!! If you are environmentally aware and want a doggy disposable/biodegradable poop bag , try Bio Bags Dog Waste Poop Bags instead.The ONLY reason I gave these bags 2 stars is because they 're sturdy .
 `` Despite similar packaging , these bags are neither as described , nor are they the same great product I 've been buying for years . These bags are flimsy , hard to tear off and when you finally manage to , they rip , and they 're TINY . NOT the real deal ! KV Pet is not what I 'd call `` customer centric , '' either . They make it a real hassle to return what you bought . ''
 These bags are handy , but after doing a little research and finding out that these are not actually biodegradable as they claim , I ca n't buy these again . Trying poopbags now .
 If you have a medium or large dog , go for something else . These are way too small . Otherwise they seem to do the job .
 The perforation for separating bags is `` S '' shaped to make `` ties '' . It is very difficult to follow and the bag rips easily making the next bag unusable . Do n't try to use at night unless you have a light and three hands .
 The bags are super small ! I have a shepherd/collie mix and im actually having some huge issues using these bags . I would n't order these anytime in the future . Go with someone else as they did not mention that there was something wrong with the bags .
 I got these from REI , so it is not this exact pack -LRB- mine had different colors in the same pack -RRB- . However , it 's the same Bags on Board brand . The ones I have are incredibly difficulty to open . I have had better luck trying to start a fire with two twigs than getting these open . I have no hand dexterity issues , so it 's not like I 'm a 105 year old with arthritis.My local dog park had the Mutt Mitt brand , tried one and immediately bought the 200 pack off of amazon . Double ply where you need them to be , and the double ply part is black so you do n't have to look at the poop after you pick it up . Buy a 30 pack if you want to try it out , but I guarantee you will want to switch . http://amzn.com/B00032HGKWOnly thing the bags on board does better is the convenient carrier . Not worth it !
 These bags can not be used with a pooper scooper because you will not be able to open the device . Might work for toy breeds but definitely not for my golden retriever !!!
 Seriously , 2 inches makes a difference ! No where is this stated on the packaging . The bags in 120 count and other counts are 14 '' . The bags in the 315 count box are 12 '' . This makes it more difficult to tie the knot . I guess it depends on the size of your dog but be warned.The company stated that this was done for cost and packaging reasons . They say it was the only way that they could do the 315 count economically . Huh ? Come on . `` our 315 count is cheaper but we cut out 630 inches of bag length to make it that way '' , OR approximately `` 15 % less product '' .
 I recently purchased these bags thinking they were convenient as well as good for the environment . I take my dog for a walk 2 times a day and have to use a bag both times , that 's a lot of plastic build up , so when I saw these I was elated . I was a little suspicious when I noticed something about * except as defined by California , but I thought ` Hey , they could n't say it 's biodegradable if it was n't ! ' so I still got them.Later on I unfortunately discovered that they are n't as `` green '' as I thought . Plastic itself will eventually degrade , given enough time . However these bags are made of normal plastic materials so they degrade just as fast as my standard grocery bag would . I normally would n't mind this but the fact that they put the `` 100 % Biodegradable '' just to make me think it was more environmentally friendly really bothers me about this product.I intend to return what I bought and buy bags that are actually biodegradable , such as Poopbags.com which are made from corn and other renewable products and decompose within 60-90 days in a commercial composting environment .
 I was very satisfied with Bags on Board until my purchase of the Bags on Board easy-tie bags.Important
 I have been very happy with these bags for years , but they just changed the size of the bags . They are much much smaller bags , which is tough if you have a normal sized dog . Now there is n't room to tie a knot because they are so much shorter ... dirty trick by the Bags on Board people .
 I have been buying these bags for over 5 years . They used to be good . Then the company decided to start ripping off buyers . The bags have gotten thinner and much smaller . They split . If you have a normal sized hand and you are picking up a big mess , good luck . They are too short to tie off . My guess is that they now make two bags with the amount of plastic that used to be used for one bag . Double the profits . Using these bags is like trying to pick up dog poop with a condom !
 I 've been buying this product since my dog was a pup and these bags are both thinner and shorter than they have always been , for no less money . You ca n't cheap out on a product and expect people will just continue to purchase it . I will be taking my business to another brand , as I expect many other loyal customers will .
 These are misrepresented as a refill pack . It is a lie . They are shorter bags by 2 '' . They do not work for me , I have large dogs.I will never buy Bags on Board again . I 've written the company and they have ignored me .
 I 've been purchasing & using Bags on Board for the past two years . I 've been a fan of the relatively decent Amazon pricing on the larger quantities of rolls.Imagine my surprise when my latest shipment arrived last week and this formerly awesome product was totally redesigned ! The product images and description are still for the old version - which was far superior per the following :1 -RRB- These ` redesigned ' bags are much thinner , with the plastic being very translucent -LRB- old version was nearly opaque -RRB- .2 -RRB- These ` redesigned ' bags are much shorter and smaller in capacity . They also added ` handles , which are useless and cost-ineffective -LRB- see below -RRB- .3 -RRB- The newly added handles have the perforations on them so when you need a bag quickly you ca n't just tear one off simply as when the perforations were along the bottom/top seams . Now you have to delicately unravel a few bags and gently separate them . If you do n't , well , the bags rip in half , rendering them useless . I wasted 1/2 of a new roll because the bags would n't separately easily . Total waste of money and bags!I am so frustrated and feel a little duped that Amazon did n't change the product specs to reflect all these changes . They are going back .
 These new ` New Shape ' bags are seriously flawed . The first bag off the roll split down the side . The second had a slice half way down making a big hole in the side . the cutting machine does a poor job at the handle ends resulting in torn bags This was a 315 pantry pack and as soon as we buy some new bags at a local store , these are going back to Amazon . We will have to seriously debate on whether or not to continue to buy the bags from Amazon or pay a bit more for the brand available from the local pet store .
 I bought these thinking they were the same size but these are a lot shorter . Buy if you have a small dog .
 I have been buying these bags for a while now . This order has been horrible . The bags do not separate at the perforation and you end up with 2 or 3 bags that are unusable .
 -LRB- Revised 2012-03-05 -RRB- The bags got smaller and less durable . They tear when rolling up over my hands . This was n't a problem with the old style . Not sure why they changed them , but we are severely disappointed . This used to only be a problem with the 315-pack , but now it applies to the 120-pack as well .
 These bags are 12 inches long.I wanted the 14 inch bags.Why does n't the description tell what size the bags are ? The description tells what size the package of 120 bags are , but what good is that ? I am sending these bags back .
 Like others on amazon , I 've recently learned that the fine print under 100 % Biodegradable '' * except in California , '' means that they are NOT following California state guidelines , which means a product must be biodegradable at the rate of an apple . They are stating `` 100 % Biodegradable , '' which merely means , `` in about one million years or so , this will start to fall apart and degrade . ''
 After running out of the bags that came with the leash I bought , and reading all the negative reviews about the refill pack , I decided to go ahead and order them myself to see if they really were indeed redesigned and what the difference was . Here 's what I found ; they are different and not in a good way . They 're about an inch shorter and thinner than the bags I was using before . The shorter length does n't bother me too much , as they still go over my wrist , however , new thickness does . How thin these bags are was immediately noticeable to me as I could see my hand more clearly than I could with the other ones . Even without my hand in them , I can see the difference in thickness as the amount of light that comes through causes them to be light blue , as the originals are a darker blue . I think I 'm gon na have to use 2 of these at a time because I 'm not confident that they wo n't tear . I will definitely going to be looking for another brand when it 's time to reorder . Hope this helps fellow dog lovers .
 Bags are ridiculous - will never order any waste bags again until I absolutely know their length . If your dog is larger than a miniature anything , you 'd do well to stay away .
 Let 's face it , you do n't want your poop bag tearing at the critical moment ! That 's what happened with the very first bag I used - yuk . After that , I checked them out before using them . There were at least 2 bags per roll that would tear down the side before I 'd even use them . I could n't wait to get through them -LRB- which happened more quickly since I frequently needed a second one after the first one ripped -RRB- so I could order something new . Beware !
 I purchase items off of Amazon all the time , and I am finally leaving a review because I was upset with these ! Bags on Board must want to save some money , because the new design of these bags make them WAY smaller than the normal size , making it very difficult to pick up poop if you have a bigger dog . It 's hard to explain , but basically the top side and bottom side curve in , so the plastic part is about half the size than the middle , so it takes some work to pick up the poop without it getting on your hands . I gave these to my boyfriend who has a smaller dog , and re-ordered different bags . The pictures on the left are NOT how the bags look now !
 I use bags on board all the time , i really like them but the last package i recieved wete cut differentshorter bags with tie handles . Less room for the poop and much harder to keepthe the the poopoff of your hands .
 I have been a faithful customer of bags on board , TILL my last order . They have changed the design and it sucks.The tear-off is now curved , and takes FOREVER to separate one bag from another.The tear-off is not very good quality , and I have lost a few bags in the process.As a result of the curved tear-off , the capacity of the bag is practically 2/3 now or perhaps even less.This is my LAST order to BAGS on BOARD . Hope the Bags on Board folks are reading this and revert to the old design.Someone really messed up there .
 They changed in how you separate bags and on numerous occasions they bags tore apart so they were unusable . Probably would not purchase again .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 We have five cats - one an elderly cat of 15 years , the other four in the 9-11 year range . The oldest cat was diagnosed a couple of months ago with the beginning stages of chronic kidney disease . His numbers did n't warrant being on prescription food yet , but we needed to start paying attention to things like protein and phosphorus levels in his food . Because we have five cats , and some of them are nibblers eating four or five nuggets at a time , we decided to switch them all to an acceptable food for the oldest , so we picked the active longevity because it specifically mentioned kidney support and calories appropriate for less active older cats.Since we made the switch 6 weeks ago , all of the cats have gained weight . This was fine for the little old guy as he was a bit underweight ; not good for the rest of them . Our other male went from a slightly chunky 18.5 lbs to an obese 21.25 lbs - almost three pounds in 6 weeks ! The 3 females gained between 1.5 to 2 pounds each . We noticed them making a lot more visits to the food bowl , like they could n't seem to get full . We also saw a lessening of coat quality - lots of shedding even though they are brushed regularly -LRB- including with a furminator -RRB- and one developed bad dandruff . The stools developed a really bad odor , although I do have to say nobody developed diarrhea which I am grateful for . Most worrisome was that the lab results on the old guy came back with some of the kidney values of concern having worsened.I am very disgusted with Science Diet - they are actively fooling the public with the nutritional claims on the bags . One of the sites I researched on for chronic renal failure has charts detailing the nutritional breakdown of most of the various foods available . If you compare the various Science diet formulae that have different health claims on them - the nutritional values for the components listed are all within a tenth of a point or two . Basically from the nutritional analysis it appears that they are the same base formula with maybe a slight difference in a vitamin or additive . With other brands , such as innova or royal canin , there appears to be an actual difference between the different formulae.Now to deal with the weight gain , as well as the other problems we noted , we are switching foods again . This time we are trying royal canin indoor mature . Wish us luck .
 We have five cats - one an elderly cat of 15 years , the other four in the 9-11 year range . The oldest cat was diagnosed a couple of months ago with the beginning stages of chronic kidney disease . His numbers did n't warrant being on prescription food yet , but we needed to start paying attention to things like protein and phosphorus levels in his food . Because we have five cats , and some of them are nibblers eating four or five nuggets at a time , we decided to switch them all to an acceptable food for the oldest , so we picked the active longevity because it specifically mentioned kidney support and calories appropriate for less active older cats.Since we made the switch 6 weeks ago , all of the cats have gained weight . This was fine for the little old guy as he was a bit underweight ; not good for the rest of them . Our other male went from a slightly chunky 18.5 lbs to an obese 21.25 lbs - almost three pounds in 6 weeks ! The 3 females gained between 1.5 to 2 pounds each . We noticed them making a lot more visits to the food bowl , like they could n't seem to get full . We also saw a lessening of coat quality - lots of shedding even though they are brushed regularly -LRB- including with a furminator -RRB- and one developed bad dandruff . The stools developed a really bad odor , although I do have to say nobody developed diarrhea which I am grateful for . Most worrisome was that the lab results on the old guy came back with some of the kidney values of concern having worsened.I am very disgusted with Science Diet - they are actively fooling the public with the nutritional claims on the bags . One of the sites I researched on for chronic renal failure has charts detailing the nutritional breakdown of most of the various foods available . If you compare the various Science diet formulae that have different health claims on them - the nutritional values for the components listed are all within a tenth of a point or two . Basically from the nutritional analysis it appears that they are the same base formula with maybe a slight difference in a vitamin or additive . With other brands , such as innova or royal canin , there appears to be an actual difference between the different formulae.Now to deal with the weight gain , as well as the other problems we noted , we are switching foods again . This time we are trying royal canin indoor mature . Wish us luck .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 I made the mistake of believing that Science Diet was the best choice for my cat after the woman at the animal shelter mentioned it as the food they use . After doing some research I realized that Science Diet is no better than any grocery store generic brand or Iams -LRB- I would NOT recommend ANY of these options -RRB- . The main ingredients are Chicken By-Product and Corn . Here are some interesting facts
 I know every dog is different , but I have to put a warning out there about these treats . I bought them a few weeks ago from my local pet store for my 5 month old Golden Retriever . I broke one treat up into tiny pieces to use as a training treat in the morning . By lunch time my dog had terrible diarrhea . She was fine that evening , ate and drank as normal and did n't have any more diarrhea . The next morning I gave her 1/2 of a treat during our training sesson . Again at lunch time terrible diarrhea . I summated it was from the treats and threw the rest away . She has been fine since .
 This product as well as several others has been determined it is made in China and has caused several health issues in Dogs up to and including death . I have personally had experience with these products with my dogs and have vet bills to prove it . I strongly recommend to NOT use their products or any other that can not show they are exclusively made in The USA . This is a recommendation link with products -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I saw an advertisement where it looked like the ball was being flung real far across a lake , which is why I bought it . I wanted to be able to throw the ball further , but the way the you have to hold the sling shot and the way the rubber rope is so stiff , the ball never went far at all . You need to have very strong arms to be able to get the ball to even go even a decent distance . Even my husband tried it and he got it to go a little bit further , but we could both get the ball to go much further with the Chuck it ball flinger . I am not the best ball thrower , but I can throw the ball further than this slingshot thing can . My dogs do like to run around with the ball in their mouth and flap the rubber rope around . The ball is not very durable either as it had chunks missing off of it right away . It is not worth the price I paid for this product . I would not recommend it !
 This chain is ment for a puppy or a small breed dog . I have a pitbull and it only lasted for about a week , the chain broke , I would suggest buying a old school chain from homedepot with the links .
 This cable is suppose to handle a small to medium sized dog and I hooked my 20 lb ridgeback up to it and he broke the snap in les than thirty seconds . The cable itself seems to be sturdy but the snaps are cheap . For the money get it but go to the hardware store and get some .85 cent snaps to hook on it .
 We have two Labs , one around 70 pounds and one around 100 . We go back and forth between two houses and wanted to have some tie-outs at each . We had bought two cables at the local supermarket for the same price as these , and they are about twice the thickness and have been trouble-free . We bought two of these , and within a week they are getting kinked . Also , the clips are n't as big and easy to use as the supermarket cables . Disappointing .
 I bought two tie-outs for my two 9 month old labs . . and they were delivered today . . When I hooked them up for the first time , not 2 minutes after attaching the tie-out , one of my puppies was running free . . the hook snapped from the tie-out and when I finally caught him , the hook was attached to his collar , and the coating was off of a few spots . A few hours later , I hooked them up again -LRB- using the other , non defective tie-out -RRB- and that one broke , I chased my other puppy for half an hour , in 10 degree weather , he almost got hit by a car . . that tie-out was stripped of it 's coating as well ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I would give this product zero stars . . but they would n't let me submit a review if I did n't put a star .
 I have a 60lb collie german shepard mix that spends 75 % of her time on this tie out , in approx . 1 month use , the cable frayed and broke . I was hoping that this product would have been better than what I could have bought at my local superstore.NOT !!
 My dog chewed through a lighter weight cable so I bought this one thinking it be too strong to chew threw . I guess she knew it was possible so she worked on it as soon as I was n't watching and had it half way chewed through within a week . Had to switch to a stainless steel traditional chain . She is n't a huge dog either , just a 50 lb Belgian shepherd and they are not known as chewers .
 Perfect for my needs . I have a 40 lb dog who uses this tie out cable . It seems perfectly sturdy without being excessively heavy . It has not kinked or twisted.I did receive a blue cable in case anyone is concerned about color.Edit on 10 Oct 2012 . This cable has rusted and has faded to almost white . I do n't use the clip on either end , so it is still working for me since I keep a collar permanently on one end . I 'd image if you need to use the clip that the rust would make it difficult .
 This product very clearly states it comes with SIXTEEN of these bricks of hermit crab soil . It even says the retail price is $ 27 and you will save $ 25.75 . So I ordered two sets of sixteen and instead only received two discs . After paying for shipping , this was a rip off ! It would have been way cheaper at a local pet store . Not happy with this seller and wo n't buy from them again .
 I got one of these blades when they were still calling them the `` supersteels '' and while it has worked decently for me for about 7 months , I 'm going to have to retire it . The guard spikes on the business end have always been noticably sharper than those on the 10 blade that came with my clippers -LRB- Andis -RRB- but these last two months they seem to be getting worse every time I use it to the point where I 'm afraid to use it on a dog for fear of breaking the skin if they wiggle and get poked with it . I 'm going to see if the blade sharpener who comes around to the shop can do anything to solve the problem , but I 'm not holding out much hope . Because they were n't always this sharp I guess it would be ok for someone who only does their own dogs , but I would warn the pros to be careful .
 Bought this hunk of junk ... my two cats could care less about this thing ... do yourself a favor , invest in a cat tree instead ... much more enjoyable for cats !
 i had high expectations from the reviews and the pictures . . The wood is an ugly brownish kinda greenish puke color ... -LRB- vomit -RRB- . It also had a little bit of chips and marks on it as if used before.The fabric did not fit perfectly flat and flush with the post . It was a little loose and it showed in a couple areas.It IS HUGE . Even bigger than I thought ... which is n't a bad thing ... but the fact that it looked not very well made and the wood looked very ugly ... . I could n't stand the sight of it.The cats did n't like it much . I really hoped they 'd at least love it ... I tried dangling their toys above it ... laser pointer , catnip ... . they prefer the small cheap carpet covered one we got from before.Also , the thing about it being super tall so that cats can stretchhhhh -- well , even on a very short post , my cat will dig claws near the bottom half and then just stretch out her back ... curve it...concave-like ... . so the tall thing does n't really matterI really tried to like it ... . I would be happier if it was maybe $ 30 -- but even then probably not enough to keep the unsightly thing around .
 My cats really seem to like this product , unfortunately after two day it has already broken . From further examination , it looks like the cap on the bottom of the scratcher -LRB- not the base I had to screw on -RRB- was n't put together well and the screws came out from the slats that it was screwed into . I do n't have the box or the packaging any more so I ca n't return it . If it were n't for that defect I would have rated it higher because they do use it .
 I ordered this because it says in the title `` Ultimate Scratch Post AND PERCH '' that it includes the perch and also cost $ 7 or $ 8 more than the listings for the post alone . I received the scratch post the end of February but as of today , 4/12/10 , I have n't received the perch yet . Our cat does use the post and it gives him a good place to scratch . Any suggestions how I should contact someone to get the order completed ? I 've only ordered a few items on Amazon and never had any trouble until now -- or do they take notice of the reviews and act on them ???
 CATS DID NOT RESPOND TO THIS POST . THEY 'D RATHER PLAY WITH THE INTERACTIVE TOY . TOO EXPENSIVE FOR THE PURPOSE IT 'S USED FOR .
 My kitten -LRB- 4 months old -RRB- is not interested in this at ALL . If I dangle a toy above it , he will strike at it maybe once and then he scratches for a few seconds . He NEVER has touched this since . Plus he is not affected by catnip either , so that is not helpful . I have found him perched on top of it - that is it . For me it was a total waste of money . I would suggest you find out 1st if your kitten/cat is a vertical or horizontal scratcher . My kitten does not scratch the furniture - he scratches on the floor/carpet/rugs , so I bought a $ 10 scratching mat with a toy and placed it in the corner of the rug where he was scratching and he loves it and uses it . My rug has been saved .
 I have three cats , one of whom only likes sisal , and none of them will use it . I 've put it where their favorite scratching post normally went , dangled toys over it , and although they 'll trap a toy against it , none of them has the slightest inclination to scratch it . The sisal is n't the ropey stuff that normally gets wrapped around carpeted scratching posts . It 's really smooth feeling so maybe that 's why . On the plus side it looks great and it 's really tall , which would be nice for my cat that likes to stretch all the way up when she scratches , but no dice . Better looking than most , so one extra star for that . It would be a five-star if my cats would use it .
 I am not sure why , but my cats do n't care for this scratching post . It could be that they are just being finicky cats , but it also might be that it is n't exactly rock steady . It wobbles a bit . Perhaps I got one that was n't manufactured correctly ? All I know is my cats wo n't use it , not even a little bit . They much prefer their PetFusion Cat Scratcher Lounge .
 This is a nice looking product and seems to be well-made . I 've gotten lots of compliments on it from people visiting -- it 's not as ugly as some alternatives . But it 's a gamble if your cat will like it -- mine does n't . She 's used it a couple times when I 've put catnip on it , but usually even after adding catnip she passes right on by . She prefers a cardboard scratch pad from Target . Wish I would 've know before I shelled out the money for this !
 This item just arrived and my cat is very interested in it . The post is sturdy and easy to assemble . However , the heads of the screws that were included to attach the base are too big to `` sink '' , so they protrude on the bottom . This makes the base a bit wobbly and worst of all , can damage my hardwood floors !! I hope the manufacturer will quickly send new screws to replace these that do not go deep enough into the composite wood base !! Otherwise , sadly , it will have to go back . If you have carpeted floors , this may not be an issue for you.I will update if Amazon/manufacturer sends screws that fit better .
 I do n't know what the deal is with my cat but she steers clear of this scratching post . I 've had it for about 3 months now , and I have tried putting treats on it , dousing it in catnip spray , changing the location , but all to no avail . She strolls right by it and scratches the couch - ugh ! If my cat liked it this would definitely be a 5-star purchase - it 's sturdy , tall , and looks pretty nice compared to other posts , but my cat seems to prefer our other ugly sisal/carpet post . Too bad .
 Flimsy base and my cat only occasionally touches it . Preferring the sturdy wooden end table next to it . I tried cat nip , It did n't work . I 'm a bit suspect of some of these 4-5 star reviews . $ 50 is way too much .
 Most scratching posts have the material flow horizontally but this one goes vertical . Our cat did n't like it at all . It does n't come with any catnip either . It is very sturdy and looks great but if the cat wo n't use it it 's just a waste of space for a post .
 Unfortunately , I found out my newly adopted 3 yr old Tortie/Calico apparently is a `` horizontal scratcher '' with a distinct preference for carpet and a disdain for sisal . -LRB- Who knew cats could be so picky and independent ??! -RRB- This being my first cat that was n't declawed -LRB- nor is she going to be -RRB- , I rushed to buy this product to arrive before she did , so I could `` train '' her to use the post instead of my carpet . Her response was negative
 We have two cats , one 7 and one 2 . Neither of them will use the post . The two year old is small and will at least sit on top of the perch I purchased along with the post but they will not use the scratching post . We have tried cat nip several times . We try taking them to it when they start scratching furniture . We tried putting it behind , in front and next to the one chair I wanted to keep them away from . Nothing works . We have had it a few months and nothing . I am very disappointed . It went together very quickly but it is a bit unlevel on our wood floors although it is very sturdy . The slight wobble may have something to do with their apprehension to use it but I do n't think so . I had done a good deal of research trying to find the right post . We have the old sisal style with a perch that they seemed to use more . My older cat is very fussy . She does not like hard surfaces so maybe I will resort to a carpet style post . The younger one loves to scratch our braided rug . Thankfully he is very small and does not do damage but we still discourage it .
 It is stable , which is very nice . However , my cat will not use it as she does n't like the materials . I did n't return it because it would be too much of a hassle . Had I bought this at a pet store , I could have returned it easily . Disappointed !
 Two Ocicat kittens , they do n't care about this post , they wo n't scratch on it . It just takes up space , and gives them a place to launch from onto something else more interesting . They scratch the carpet instead . An expensive disappointment , but you just never know what individual kitties will like !
 I have 4 cats and non have gone near it in 12 months . We are very disappointed seeing all the other good reviews . Ours will only scratch the cardboard cheap scratchers .
 I was shocked to find a post that could be 4.5-5 stars on Amazon after hundreds of reviews . I bought one for my new cat thinking it would be a sure thing . My cat could not be less interested . I dangle his toys in front of it -LRB- per user suggestions -RRB- and he has on multiple occasions sunk his claws in - and had no interest . Even spreading catnip on it has had no effect . The only thing he seems to like clawing is my carpeting ! Very unfortunate.Additionally , it should be known that this post is meant for hard surfaces only . On carpeting it tips VERY easily . I have a few spots in my apartment with hard floor thankfully , but that also limits where I can put it .
 I have been looking at this online for months and finally ordered it . The photographs do not show that the base arrives in TWO halves that you have to connect with wooden dowels , then screw to the bottom of the post . The seams in the sisal are on both sides of the post , plus the seams in the pale , almost yellowish , pressed `` wood '' are on the other two sides , so no matter which way you position it , you 're either looking at a very pronounced fabric seam or two sections of cheap pressed `` wood '' that do n't join well . It wobbles on my hardwood floor . I have 3 cats who each checked it out , then went back to their Molly & Friends cat tree with sisal rope wrapped around one of the poles . I do like the height of this post , but that 's the only thing I like about it . I hate the base being in TWO pieces , the color of the pressed `` wood '' is very unnatural , and the seams in the sisal are so noticeable , and on both sides . The sisal is also darker than it appears in the pictures . The screws on the top are are bright and shiny , no attempt to camouflage them . It is not symmetrical , straight , or square . The top sticks out more on one side than the other , etc. . It looks very cheap !! And as you may have guessed , it 's made in China . . which they also do n't mention . Very disappointing !
 Returned this product immediately after unboxing it and finding out that it was made in China , and unfortunately was made with formaldehyde ! Very disappointed in Amazon for not listing this absurd chemical in the description in the product details . Purchased a different post from PurrfectPost in Ca . All natural ingredients as well as being made in the USA .
 My two cats have always been happy with large flat , curved or slanted cardboard scratchers . But a move to a new house and introduction of a large floor rug on hardwood , a new texture couch suddenly changed the habits of my large Maine Coon , She decided these items were better for scratching . She also has always loved to stretch her full length vertically on the wall . . just stretchering -LRB- wish I could do same -RRB- not clawing . After reading several dozens of the hundred reviews both positive and negative , I took an expensive leap and ordered this post . And of course , cats being the wonderful individuals they are ... nothing will entice them to scratch on the post . . or even show any interest in it , they simply walk around it . So , like several other customers , I am left with a very expensive sisal covered piece of wood . Will just put in the corner for now and hope to find someone who has a cat that would like it and try to recoup part of my cost . In my opinion , there is nothing functionally wrong with the item , it is simply a preference of the individual cat.But it is a significant outlay of money to find out . Will try to stay with tried and true from now on .
 Man , I 'm really bummed . I wanted this to work ! I have 3 cats who all love to scratch and not one of them will even look at this thing . They wo n't even go up to sniff it . I bought it to replace the sisal wrapped post on their cat tree that is falling apart from overuse , so I know they like vertical scratching on sisal . While I was setting this post up , they showed no interest , and played with the box it came in instead -LRB- just like a kid , right ? -RRB- . I really did n't think they would hesitate to scratch on this one , but they actually walk AROUND it to scratch on the couch instead . I 've tried enticing them to use it with feather toys , etc. , but they wo n't touch it.Having said that , it is a quality post . The base is wide enough to make it sturdy , and it 's a nice height . It would totally be worth the price if the cats would just USE IT . I 'll probably end up donating it to a cat rescue group .
 From Size - sisal - seemed great ! However , the product arrived with the wrong screws , I had to go to the hardware store to purchase something similar but they did not have `` flat head '' screws which you have to have so the Post will sit level on the floor . So it now `` rocks '' until I can find the right screws to put this together.I contacted Amazon 's superb customer service who offered assistance on the matter . Just be warned that you may encounter the same problem with this manufacturers ' packaging since I have seen others who posted reviews with a similar problem .
 I 've had this post for a month and my cat still wo n't go near it . I have tried catnip , coaxing with toys and feathers , laying it on it 's side and using more catnip , nothing works . I have tried a different location , scratched it myself to tempt him , everything that was recommended . I wish I had sent it back .
 Neither of my cats have shown the slightest inclination to use it . I 've placed it in the area they like to scratch in the morning and they just ignore it . I really wish the description specified that it was sisal , I thought it was carpet , which is why I ordered it .
 I purchased the Pioneer Pet scratching post & top to it.The material on the top will not hold with velcro . The velcro tabs fall off . -LRB- The top is too small for my cat to sit on . -RRB- Instead of paying for shipping of this heavy item , I just had the garbage collector pick it up.If I could rate this lower than one star I would .
 I thought by buying this item it would turn my cat away from scratching the walls but she will not even touch it !! I think this item is great but unfortunetly its not for me or my cat .
 It is very cheap looking and made in China . I did n't like it and will not subject my cats to it . I noticed it had a strong chemical odor and the so called sisal felt like it had a glue in it . Am not sure what it is made of so to be on the safe side it is going back .
 I really , really wanted to like this scratching post . It has a more modern look than other scratching posts . But , the kitties are n't really interested in using it . In fact , one of the kitties prefers to scratch on the carpet instead of this post . I also purchased the Molly and Friends sisal-wrapped post , and my carpet-scratching kitty immediately went for it instead . If you know that your kitty already prefers this style of post -LRB- sisal-woven -RRB- , this Ultimate Post is a great item . However , if your kitties prefer the sisal-wrapped posts , I would recommend the Molly and Friends posts instead .
 We live in the UK and , after seeing lovely looking pictures of this product online , decided to order this scratching post from the States and pay huge shipping fees . When we unpacked the item we were so disappointed to see that the top and bottom bits of the post are not solid wood as one might expect after looking at the pictures of the product , but very cheap looking MDF with the screws visible on the top . In fact , the top and bottom parts are made from several different shades of MDF and sandwiched together - functional , but extremely cheap looking . Made in China and it certainly looks like it . This is not the impression one gets from looking at the pictures of the product . If I 'd know this , I would n't have bought it .
 Very well constructed and sturdy enough for a big Maine Coon , but my two cats care less about using this post , despite lots of tempting catnip . They prefer the less expensive posts covered in carpet . A solid product if your cats will use it . But for me , a $ 70 bust .
 Moderately stable -LRB- too tippy for my skiddish cat , though the brave one probably would n't have minded if he 'd had the least bit of interest in it -RRB- ; Do n't bother with the topper and seat cushion ... it 's like an oven mit and slides around . The sissel seems like a great fabric without being too harsh for delicate pads ... but as it turns out , my cats wo n't scratch anything but cardboard or carpet . Who knows ? I ended up selling this on craigslist . Good luck !
 We purchased this item on a lightening deal before Christmas and paid about $ 40 . I 'm glad we did n't pay any more than that . Our cats have several scratching posts around the house and the bases are all covered with carpet . On this new `` Smart Cat '' Scratching Post , the base is hard plastic , slick and slippery . The cats ca n't get a foot hold with their back paws or claws when they stand up on it to scratch . They have tried standing off of the slick base to scratch the post with their front claws , but it 's awkward for them . They 've also tried laying on top of the base to scratch the post with their front paws , but they slide around on the hard plastic surface . As a result , they now just ignore this item . We are going to try and cover the base with carpet ourselves . If this does n't work , we may end up donating it to a local shelter .
 After receiving the post and putting it together I thought for the price it would have been a pretty sturdy product . The base is very loose and the post itself is wobbly . My cats have n't gone near it . I put cat nip on it and have tried coaxing them to the post but to no avail ?
 I 'm sure its great if your cats like it , but a big gamble for an expensive wooden pole that sits untouched in my dining room . I 've tried all the suggested ways to get my 3 cats to love this post and all have failed . Even their favorite toys dancing all around it does nothing . I had high hopes and now I 'm just $ 50 poorer .
 I liked the idea of getting a tall scratching post . And this one is well-constructed . But even after spraying it with catnip spray , rubbing real catnip into the upper part of it , and scratching at it myself with the cats watching , they 've shown little to no interest in it . They prefer the carpet-covered variety and/or our upholstered chairs . I 'm considering returning the product -LRB- if I can -RRB- , but instead I may recover the post with carpet and see what happens .
 This product was very easy to put together . There were only 2 screws and 2 dowels to put this product together . After putting the product together , I found that it does not tip over very easily , which is a huge plus for owners with curious cats!I set it for my two cats to use , who are declawed . I have had it setup for less than a week now and the fabric is already starting to pull away from the product . You can tell that the fabric is already pulling away from the board in the middle . It seems that this product was not made properly . I am going to try and return it.I would give it a 4 star for set up and packaging and a 1 star to quality of product . I would avoid this . It is not worth the money .
 Our local humane society has one of these and I though it was nice looking and sturdy . I had not paid attention to whether or not the cats were actually using since it 's located in an `` acquaintance '' area.Our old sisal scratcher that had been used by three cats was falling apart since we had it for about 12 years , it was a plain 24 '' round pole wrapped in sisal with a carpeted base . Decided to get this one even though the price was sort of on the high side . Unfortunately I bought it for about 40 % more than here on Amazon ! I placed it in the same spot the old scratcher was located . Well , we 've had it for almost two months and our 3 year old female has NO interest in it at all . I put her paws on it and show her what to do , did this daily about 5-6 times for about a week and she walks away . I have tried putting snacks she loves on top of it and showing it to her ... she ignores it . I 've tried playing with a toy , nothing . So it 's just been sitting there while my cat now scratches the couch which she never did before.Since some reviews has suggested using catnip , I recently purchased `` From the Field '' which has catnip oil in it and is highly rated . Unfortunately it did nothing to entice my female to use the scratcher either . To note , my elderly -LRB- 16 yr old -RRB- male enjoyed rubbing his face on the scratcher , lol ! He does n't scratch at all since he has arthritis.I still plan to keep spraying the scratcher once in a while in hopes that my 3 yr . old cat will begin to use it , but for now she ignore it so I 've resorted to clipping the tips of her nails .
 I was a groomer for 4 yrs before I became a stay-at-home-mom . I still have a few family dogs -LRB- and my husband -RRB- that i give haricuts to . I needed another 7 blade and so I bought this one . I went to shave my husbands head and this blade left so many uncut hairs I was afraid I had put on an old blade accidentally . It was the brand new one and it did a terrible job of evenly cutting my husbands hair . I did keep it for a labradoodle I groom just as the beginning blade to us to get the majority off but I was not pleased in the overall clipping of this blade .
 I bought this blade to use on my fine haired schnauzer for the lower part of his body . For whatever the reason it did not cut well . I am not sure if it was his hair type or if it was defective ... I am thinking it might be his hair if I had to guess . I thought I would post this to save someone else the greif of returning it like I have to .
 Quality is good , but this is a very difficult hook to operate , and takes two hands to get it open.Very disappointed in this product .
 This stands up to my 90-lb . lab , who can break almost any tether -- but not this one . I did , however , subtract one star because the clasp is difficult to open . As the other reviewer noted , it 's dang near impossible to open with just one hand , and if your hands are wet or greasy -LRB- my dogs always want to go out when I 'm in the middle of cooking -RRB- , is * is * impossible . Of course , this means I have to stop cooking , wash my hands -- and then dry them thoroughly -- before I can put either dog out.Edited 1/5/11
 I bought two at petsmart , just returned them -LRB- luckily they have a good return policy -RRB- . The two leads were only THREE MONTHS old and already the cable was quite rusted -LRB- making it doubtful that it is properly galvanized -RRB- . Plus within 5 days of each other , the rust caused the cable to cleanly separate on both leads . This resulted in the dogs escaping and running through the neighbor 's yard.It also was n't the dogs ' weight , one is 75 lbs and one is 35 and this is supposed to be rated at 125lbs .
 The toggle switch broke within 5 minutes of putting a mid-size dog on this product . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 I have one of these , a 60 pound Brittany bird broke the snap.I really am glad I didnot put my 112 pound Rottweiler and trust it ,
 The clamp system and cable are fine and I like the way it works . The dog will never figure out how to get it off and it will take a pet thief a bit to figure it out too.My dog got out of the yard one night and one of my neighbors brought him back . He could n't figure out how to get the clamp to work so he just tied the cable to my dog 's collar . :-RRB- -RRB- Biggest con . It 's rusted out now . It began rusting within the first week . If this is going to be anywhere it can get wet , consider another option .
 The snap hooks are VERY weak . The hook on one end broke on day two and the hook on the other end broke on day four . Both hooks failed at the swivel . The cable seems to be of excellent quality and should provide good service with the replacement hooks .
 This is a very sturdy product however it takes too hands and conscious coordination to attach it to the dog collar because the clips open `` backwards '' . This design does not make sense .
 I wish I could give this zero stars ! This is an unsafe piece of crap . It broke the second time we ever used it . It says it is for dogs up to 125 pounds ?! What a joke ! My beagle is 25 pounds and he broke the clasp and got off ! Luckily we got him before he tried to run away , but I 'm still angry about this joke of a product ! Do NOT buy this unless your dog is a little tea-cup sized chihuahua , Even then I would use caution !
 I bought this near Thanksgiving and the cable is already craking and it 's Christmas Eve.So , my dog wo n't be secure too much longer on this ... !!
 I wish it was better . My coonhound gets a scent and has broken 7 tie outs . Most of the clasps fail , some broke , some got ripped from cord.I just chased him down at 1 am today . I had so much difficulty hooking him up to this tie out that I connected a shorter leash to this tie out for ease in connection ... of course it broke . I need a better tool to open an close clasp . Suggestions are welcome .
 This dish is too deep for cats but what really annoyed me was the 45 minutes I spent trying to get the label off . I tried peeling it off , using soap and water , then Goo-gone , and then Goof-off . I scraped and rubbed and there is still a ton of adhesive stuck to the side of the frame . Now there 's cat hair stuck to the adhesive . Lastly , when you lift the feeder up you have to make sure you hold it by the frame , otherwise the bowls pop out onto the floor . I threw it in the trash after about a week .
 I got this for my new puppy but returned it as soon as I saw what it actually looks like . The plastic of the bowls seems very light and flimsy . Also the bowls did n't fit in the holders all that well .
 this feeder is still being dumped out by my cats and is still not a raised dish , the removable bowls are very convenient though . think is for a dog dish , not cat dish
 I bought this product after reading some good reviews . But the dishes do n't sit well inside the casing . The dog started chewing on the bowls and spilled water and food many times . Do n't recommend this product .
 First off the tray appears very similar to the original that came with the Lifestages crate which I purchased . There are a couple of exceptions : Pros : - The tray appears thicker than the Life stages which last approx . 3 years with a 70lb . English Bulldog.Cons : - The packaging appears to have been inadequate for the product and one of the corners has cracked and is not repairable.Overall I was optimistic regarding this purchase however given the damage likely caused by shipping I am uncertain if I will be able to use the tray .
 This item is such a flimsy piece of garbage . It bends and flexes easily and cracks with minimal effort . My pit bull ripped one to shreds . If anyone knows where to buy a metal crate pan please let me know .
 I get the incorrect pan and contact them to get a refund and they want me to pay to send it back . . I come onto Amazon.com and leave a fairly poor review and they email me back saying they will pay to ship the old and new pan back if I remove my feed back and rating before the send me anything -LRB- they do n't want to get scammed -RRB- . So I do , and here it is a week later and I still have not received an email from them for the UPS shipping label . So I have contacted Amazon and have filed a claim with their customer service to file a claim to get the product back to the seller and my refund .
 I was unable to use this item . Everything I scooped up went right back through . I purchased a small fish net that cost 88 cent that works wonderful ! I did wash the scoop very well and gave it to my son to play in the sand , so it was n't a complete loss !
 this product was n't that helpful for my crabs because the `` stuff '' that i scooped just went right through the holes and back in to the cage
 This product is worthless . As everyone said , the smaller `` stuff '' just falls through . The scoop is fine for picking up pieces of food scattered around , but worthless for droppings . Think I 'll try the fishnet that was suggested by another reviewer . In short , do n't waste your money unless you have big crabs !
 I would scoop and my hermit crabs ' poop would fall right through . This is crap . If you want something that actually works , get a fish net and use that to sift through all the nasty stuff in your terrarium . It 's a bit more tedious and time consuming , but it does an exquisite job .
 The plastic is way too thin and flimsy to work with . It is a big hassle to try to attach to your cage and in the end it does n't stay secured for 5 minutes . The velcro pieces do n't stick to anything . The plastic scratches by just unrolling it . And they charge you so much in shipping because they ship it in a 5 '' skinny roll in a 16 '' box ! I found this product to be a big waste of money and of packaging .
 My veterinarian recommended these because I was having a hard time getting my 17-year old beagle to take her pain medication . I had tried all the usual ways -LRB- sticking the pill into cheese or dog treats , putting it on the back of her tongue and holding her mouth shut , etc. -RRB- , so I was willing to try anything.There 's nothing unusual about these treats that makes a dog eat them any differently than anything else . So , I stick the pill in , my dog starts chewing the pill pocket , and soon she 's foaming at the mouth because she bit into the pill.If your dog wolfs down food without chewing , this product will work , but is probably unnecessary . If your dog chews food , it just wo n't work .
 I have a Rottie and the large 48x36 wire crate with the ABS Plastic pan . AWEFUL , AWEFUL , AWEFUL . The `` tough , durable '' plastic pan has cracked 3 times in 2 years . The first time Midwest replaced it for free , the second time they basically said too bad and I had to buy it . Not 6 months passed before I had to buy another . There is no other pan that fits this size cage . I Tried to buy a metal one from JB Pet and it was lower quality than HVAC metal and came damaged 2 times from UPS.Also , I have a water bottle attached to the side which drips occasionally onto the ABS pan . When I let my dog out ... she brings black paw prints out to the white carpet . = -LRB-
 Do n't let the description on these plastic crate pans fool you . `` Years of use '' and `` durable '' These pans crack and break within weeks of use . The manufacturers have gotten cheap and do n't want to make the metal crate pans anymore . It 's as simple as that . If you can find one , get a metal pan . Plus lots of dogs hate the slick , flimsy feel of these plastic pans . It will actually make them hate going into their crate ! Avoid these at all costs .
 I 'm currently looking for another crate pan for my dogs wire Midwest crate . The plastic pan is not durable at all . The first crack appeared when my dog -LRB- Boxer -RRB- was only 5 months old . Now she is 18 months and the pan has several cracks in it . Luckily she does n't have any accidents while being crated !! I 'm just now replacing it because the local pet stores in my area , including Petsmart , does n't carry them in their store . I 'm told everywhere I go to check online . In my opinion the crate pans are way too expensive to have to keep replacing them .
 I thought I was the only one having trouble with the crate pans . I have a Golden retriever and have the crate only six months and the crate pan totally broke apart . I can not find a replacement for it . I have one on order from J-B Wholesale but after reading the other review , I am going to cancel my order . I do n't know what to do for my puppy now?I truly am disappointed with the product .
 Cleaned the pan on a sunny weekend in the backyard . Left it in the grass to dry . Came back an hour or so later to a warped , buckled pan . Lovely ! Now it wo n't fit into the crate and can no longer be used . Such high quality .
 The mid west crate is ok . BUT like many others I have had chronic problems with the extremely cheap plastic pans . They are junk ; a 20 pound doberman pup destroyed it in a week , not from chewing it ; from walking on it . Mid west told me to put cardboard under the flimsy plastic liner . Right I spend all this money on a crate and you tell me I have to put cardboard under the pan ? Stop being so cheap and provide a metal pan or at least a quality plastic product . I use a lot of crates , I no longer will buy midwest products . I suggest you do not either get something with a metal pan .
 Had it like four monts and it developed a crack then promply disentigrated and had to be replace within 8 months ...
 Fittings leaked very badly . It 's almost impossible to install if your washer connections are in one of these recessed plastic housings without buying extensions . I advised a friend to buy this unit to use for a pet bath , because it was intended specifically for that , and I felt like it would be a better made unit than the homemade version I `` rigged '' up on my own version of this from regular garden hose diverters and cut-off from Wal-mart and a mixing hose I found at Home Depot for under $ 7.00 . Boy was I wrong . At first glance of this unit I felt that I had guided my friend in the right direction , because the connectors looked to me made from cast stainless with better swivel connectors that allow you more flexibility in tight spaces . In hind sight , it was those swivel connectors that I could never tighten enough to stop leaking , and I tried plenty of Teflon tape in the process . After four attempts to dismantle and reinstall the unit and two hours to trouble shoot , I finally decided to try the cheap route and use the two extra `` Y '' diverters and cut-off I 'd brought with me . Sure we had to run to Home-depot and get that special mixing hose , but it was worth it , because it all worked the first time I turned it on , without a single hint of a leak . And it all cost less than $ 20 using the mid-grade metal fittings . Add about $ 10 to that if you want to use the better grade Brass fittings .
 Though these pill pockets are very effective -LRB- and tasty -RRB- for dispensing medication to my cat , the Amazon web page clearly shows the ingredients to include probiotics . The 6-pack of Greenies which I ordered and received from Pet Vet Vitamin Shop do not list any probiotics in the ingredients on the packages . This merchant was unable to explain the discrepancy .
 I ordered a six pack of Greenies Pill Pockets from EntirelyPets in 2010 , from this page in Amazon -LRB- I know it was this page because it pops up one of those `` you already bought this '' notices -RRB- , and received the Greenies brand . Since then , however , the photo has been changed to a generic brand pill pocket -LRB- I ca n't enlarge it enough to see what brand , but it is n't Greenies -RRB- , and EntirelyPets is no longer on the vendor list . The Greenies photos are from a customer uploading photos , probably from back when the official photo was also Greenie brand . The reviews , I am almost certain , are from when this page sold the Greenies brand name . The description no longer calls these `` Greenies '' -- it does n't say what brand they are at all . These generics may be just as good , I do n't know . But I do know that as of April , 2011 , there are less expensive 6 packs , which are definitely Greenies brand , on other Amazon pages . Just wanted to give a heads up in case people did n't know what the Greenies package looked like .
 Your local pet store might not carry hermit crab shells , but if you ask them they just might order some for you . They would probably be much higher quality than these . They are very thin shells compared to ones I have purchased at supply stores and are too expensive for only 2 shells.Save your money and your crabs frustrations and buy another brand or buy local .
 The handle is to fat for my hands I had a very hard time using it . The idea to build a scoop with a larger handle is great but must keep in mind it is usually a woman scooping .
 I do n't know where the word Giant comes in . The slots are to wide and the litter goes right through . I could not use it and threw it away . I did not have time to return it as I was having surgery . The picture and add looked perfect for what I needed . Oh well . Thank you anyways
 All cats are different but I tried giving this to 6 different cats . Only one showed the slightest interest . She licked it a couple of times and walked away . The other 5 showed no interest at all and they all love regular catnip . It is very hard maybe that was the problem . I would n't suggest these to anyone .
 I have 4 cats and I bought this because they seem to love catnip . For some reason this product does not generate a lot of interest . They treat it more like a ball to slap around but seldom bother with it . Very disappointed .
 I was disappointed in this product . My cat , who very much enjoys a cloth bag of catnip shows no interest in the pawbreaker . I was looking forward to her enjoying it , but she did n't .
 Does n't seem to enjoy this yet !!! As I brought five at one time and I currently have one somewhere hidden under something in my apartment .
 My cat Neko LOVES catnip but does not like this pawbreaker catnip toy ! She 's licked it maybe 2-3x , but thats it : -LRB-
 None of my cats liked this catnip pawbreaker . Thay smelled it and walked away . After several days I threw it out . I think that it was much too compact and hard for them to even attempt to chew .
 i know cork is natural and no two are the same . I was sent two sticks in a bag .
 The picture of the product and the description do NOT match ! The picture is of the Crab Island Climb and Hide and you will receive the Climbing Background , which is not even close to the same . If you are looking to buy what is pictured , look somewhere else !
 I have 6 smaller sized hermit crabs and they started climbing on it the minute I put it in their terrarium . The problem is that the velcro does n't hold it up at all , I even purchased different velcro and it still peals off and falls down even when the crabs are n't using it .
 It looked nothing like the background pictured for the ad.Looks cheaply made to boot!I was expecting a foam background with climbing cutouts but got flat coconut fiber instead !
 I had high hopes for this collar . It 's working fine , I can feel the stimulation when I tried it on myself , and the automatic beep tones are telling me that it fits ME just fine . But I ca n't get it to fit on our dog properly at all . I must have tried 100 times and only once did it indicate that it had proper connection . She never received any stimulation from it at all . And it 's not like she 's an odd breed with a weird shaped neck ! She 's a shepherd mix . I think that in their attempt to streamline the device it somehow made it more limited as to the size and shape of the dog 's neck where it will fit properly . I even called the company and the representative was very helpful , many suggestions - none of which worked . I thinned out the hair on her neck too . So it 's going back to MuttMart , the Amazon affiliate that sold it to me . I 'll leave feedback on them when I see that the return is processed and I 'm refunded . I 'm off to buy a different model from a local store so that I can return it more easily if it also fails to work with my dog .
 The training tone was inaudible and even though the signal tester said the collar was working fine , my dog could n't get any stimulation unless she was less than 3 feet away from me .
 this product sucks.i have gone through 4 transmitters ,12 different receivers.innotek replaced all as each item would fail.but now my warranty is up so ... . i got nothing , that works anyway.the collars are dangerous as well as shotty because the distance they claim is B.S. my poor dogs got over shocked as i thought the setting was to low , only to see him jump 3 feet in the air when he got 25 feet away.i hate this company.i wish i could put this collar on all that work there & then give them the over stimulation my best buddy got.this is why i wrote do n't even use if you get it free .
 Lifetime warranty to them meant they will sell you a new one at a discount . They wanted $ 100 the second one last even less .
 Have had the collar less than six months . Collar does not charge and hand held remote will not talk to collar . Called customer care . Technician `` thought '' it was a charger problem . Wanted me to send $ $ do get another charger . I did some more digging and found when collar is defective it flashes a weak red signal.When collar did work , I was very pleased with its performance . It should have lasted longer ...
 As many of the other have stated , this thing worked awesome for a VERY short period of time . I own a boxer and he is by far one of the strongest willed of his breed . When the collar and remote communicate as described , he obeys without fail . Unfortunately , after only a week the remote and collar would only work sporadically . It has never been in the water , dropped or even chewed on . It just quit working ! Manufacturer has done nothing but give me a run around and request that I pay for repairs or replacement . Do n't waste your money .
 The collar would not charge , so I called the manufacturer as per the manual . The manufacturer was great and replaced the collar without hesitation . However , the collar would not `` shock '' my dog . My dog is a Samoyed and has a bunch of hair . We tried to get the collar to contact the skin as best as possible but with no luck . I am unsure if the hair was the problem , but I had to send the collar back . Unfortunately , the seller -LRB- Breezeway -RRB- is giving me a hard time trying not to issue me an appropriate refund . BEWARE OF THIS SELLER ! -LRB- But , my dealings with the manufacturer were great ! -RRB-
 I read an endorsement from dog problems . com that recommends this product . We have not yet been able to get ours to work . Spent $ 10 on new batteries as hand held indicates low battery . There is not one indication that dog has received a signal . Would really like to get this resolved . Hoping that company will make good on the product .
 I enjoy this product very much - when it is working - and it has been instrumental in improving my dog 's behavior . HOWEVER , I have had an issue with the remote and collar malfunctioning and not communicating with eachother twice now and MANY consumers seem to have had the same issue . Something to do with a battery change in the remote and/or the recharging of the collar or both . So , within the first 6 months I needed to replace the entire unit ; there is a full warranty in the first year so I just had to pay for shipping . It broke again about 8 months later . The warranty starts from date of purchase only , not from the date they sent me the replacement parts - SO , they are charging me -LRB- ... -RRB- to replace the remote and -LRB- ... -RRB- to replace the collar - almost the price of a new one . And , they DO NOT have a way to troubleshoot them both to figure out if it is one or the other - I HAVE to buy them both . MY PROBLEM with this ... They have no guarantee on the new parts , Innotek must be fully aware that this is a common problem with their product but they offer no additional remedy if it continues to happen with the new parts . They will not warranty the new parts at all ! They will not guarantee that I will not have to replace them again and again , and they have no information on whether this problem has been corrected in the newer models of this product so I have no incentive to buy a new one or upgrade . They simply offer to keep replacing it , for $ 90 a pop , every single time this happens , for the rest of my life . Wow , what a great money making scam for them !!! Build a defective product and then hook people into a lifetime of buying slightly less expensive replacements as opposed to buying a completely different product all together that actually works for a lifetime !
 I tried this product for over three weeks . The remote battery lost charge quickly and the collar did not make good contact with my dog . The truth is that the negative tone should be enough to get your dogs attention but with this product the tone is inaudible and so my dog did not pay attention to it . I used the 400 yard and park petsafe collar on my other dog at the same time and had the opposite experience . The collar worked at a low voltage and the negative tone is loud enough to get the dogs attention so I do n't ever have to use the shock feature . The petsafe collar has both a rechargable remote and collar as opposed to just a recharchable collar .
 I purchased this product 7 months ago and have had replacement parts shipped to me five times . Four times replaced the collar and the hand held and once the charger . This product does not hold a charge and although it indicates it is fully charged it is n't . I have charged the the collar put new batteries in the hand held and within a few hours the collar is not working . This happens time and time again . When you need to rely on the collar you ca n't . I have a 100 pound doberman and I need to rely on this product . I am currently searching to purchase another training collar from another company . Hopefully I can find one more reliable .
 I purchased this collar last year and can honestly say that it 's not very reliable . The charge does not take well . The light indicates that evertyhing is fully charged and working but I get no signal when I make a correction on my dog . I know that I have the collar on tight enough , in fact sometimes I worry that it was too tight . We 've tried several of there other collars without much luck . I could not in good faith recommend this product .
 I was very disappointed it would not work consistantly . Customer service was a bad joke first telling me to buy a new battery for the receiver which I did wasteing more time and money , when as expected that did not work they wanted 22 + dollars to replace my brand new collar next day air . I told them I already paid for next day delivery and would not pay again . The only positive thing I could say is lucky for me it worked when 3 deer bolted out in front of us . Returning it way too undependable .
 Bought this thing a few weeks ago . It is a big disappointment , and I will return it!My dog runs away with the collar on , and I even put this as high as 7 out of 9 and no reaction whatsoever . It is as if my dog was wearing absoultely nothing . Save yourself the $ 190 and pass on this lemon !
 We had borrowed this collar from a friend and loved it . The dog listened and the tone was enough to get his attention . Our friend needed it back , so we went to the store and bought one ourselves.We have had nothing but problems with this collar . It only works some of the time and he has to be really close . We returned it before the 1 year warranty was up and they gave us a new remote . The first time they sent us the wrong remote after us going 3 weeks without being able to use the collar . So , then we had to wait even longer for them to send us the correct remote . The new remote worked correctly for maybe a week and now it does n't work at all.They must have some manufacturing problems and some people are getting `` lemons '' while others are getting the one that works well . I wish we could buy our friend 's off of him so we had a working collar again .
 We purchased this collar with the intention of using it to train a 1 year old english bulldog . Our bully is about 65lbs and this collar was way too intense even at level 1 . We actually never got it past level 1 . We used it for 3 days and by day 3 we noticed that the dog had a ruptured blood vessel in her eye . We took her to the vet who told us it was most likely due to the stress and the collar.It was almost like watching the `` Dont Tease Me '' Dude on YouTube as when a shock was administered , the dog would jump and then fall to the floor . Again , the collar was set to level 1 , so I ca n't even imagine taking it all the way up.We surely DID NOT get the `` reaction '' the DVD discusses , which should have simply been the dogs ears twitching . Well maybe they were twitching as the dog was being teased . But the video never mentioned the painful squelch or bloody eye.Keep in mind , we actually zapped -LRB- or electrocuted -RRB- maybe a total of 4 times . We watched the DVD several times , and we made sure to triple check the setting before striking her with the lightening emitted by this collar.The collar itself seems way too rigid and must be attached MUCH too tight for a dog like a bully with several chins . It must have taken 30 minutes to actually get the collar to synch with the remote and the only way to do it was to nearly strangle the poor dog . The lack of a decent clasp rather than a buckle made it a chore each time we wanted to do training.We were very disappointed as we used an different collar years ago to successfully train our golden lab .
 I am looking for a remote trainer for one of my dogs . Amazon 's listing says this Innotek trainer comes with a `` lifetime warranty . '' I 've read that batteries can be an issue with remote training collars , so I decided to review the owner 's manual to learn more about the warranty . -LSB- ... -RSB- The last page has a section entitled `` Lifetime Limited Warranty , '' which states '' ... INNOTEK brand products will be free from defects in material and workmanship , under normal use , for a period of one year from the date of the original retail purchase . `` The `` lifetime warranty '' apparently expires after one year!Further on it says , the company `` offers several product exchange options during the warranty period ... . Costs are dependent on the processing time . `` This suggests customers will incur fees for warranty repairs even during the one year `` lifetime '' warranty.The next paragraph says `` After one year from date of original retail purchase , we will repair , replace or upgrade your product at afixed rate based on the component . `` What will these repairs cost?This leaves me with a big question mark about buying a collar from Innotek . What , if anything , is warranted for a `` lifetime ? '' If the lifetime warranty is really only for one year , why call it `` lifetime ? '' And finally , what will repairs cost , both during warranty under their `` product exchange options '' and afterwards under their component-based `` fixed rate ? `` My specific concern is that the collar contains a rechargeable battery . The manual does not indicate that this battery is user-replaceable . Does this mean the user will have to send the collar to Innotek to replace the battery and , if so , what will it cost?I have contacted Innotek through their website and will report back if I get a response . Until I do , I 've got to rate this product with only one star because of the warranty.Can anyone comment on warranty claims to Innotek ?
 I purchased the Ultrasmart collar because of 2 claims - 1 -RRB- it was contoured and comfortable for the pet ; and 2 -RRB- it had a `` right fit indicator '' that clicked to let you know the collar was fitting correctly . I have never been able to get the collar to `` click . '' It apparently does not fit correctly . There are lights on the unit to indicate the collar status , but when the collar in on the dog , you can not see the lights , so they are of no use . Over the course of one week I spent several hours trying to get the collar on the dog and working , to no avail . It is now the most expensive item in my junk drawer .
 When this collar works , it works as advertised . However , after three days use , the collar and the remote stopped communicating . Bought a new battery -LRB- $ 8.00 !! -RRB- for the remote and still nothing . Recharged the collar over and over again -- nothing . Bought a 2nd collar . Same thing happened again -- worked for three recharge cycles then it was dead . By this time the new battery in the remote was dying -LRB- it flashes `` L '' for `` low '' -RRB- and off to the store for another weird-sized $ 8 battery . Then the first collar came back to life for one recharge cycle , then dead again.There 's something in the collar electronics that is simply unreliable . Personally , I do n't think there 's anything wrong with the rechargeable battery . I think it 's the electronic circuitry that 's faulty . Either a poor design or poor quality control or simply a lack of robustness in the components . But the concept for this collar is great ! Fits my dog perfectly , comfortable , intuitive GUI on the remote . Really just a great overall design . Too bad the manufacturing quality just is n't there.BTW , most of the 5-star reviews for this product are by 1st-time buyers of an electronic training collar who rave about how well electronic training collars work . Folks , we already know they work ! We want to know how well THIS ONE works !
 This trainer works ok . The transmitter is better than the two other Innotek ones that I have owned.The part I do n't care for is the collar . It has a clasp like a belt instead of the quick snap collars that they used to have and it is very stiff . I feel like it is almost choking the dog to put it on . Once on it is fine.The other problem is that the LEDs on the collar are so dim that unless you are staring at the collar in low light you can not tell if the collar has been activated or not -LRB- I have little high frequency hearing and can not hear the beep -RRB- . The charger is nice , but it should include the transmitter , or what is the point?My dog does not respond to it as well as the previous Innotek collar either .
 The mats seem like a good idea . I bought two . They are well made and fold conveniently for storage . However , unless you purchase many mats , covering all of a cat 's `` target '' surface is unlikely . In less than one day our smart average sized short hair figured how to jump on the counter where a mat would n't fit . And , he was gingerly walking across the mat between the points . We should have known that this cat would figure a way to get around the deterrrent . So , it 's back to using the squirt bottle .
 I purchased 2 of these . I was so excited when they arrived that I think I opened the box before the UPS guy got back in his truck . I set them up and waited . My cat came out from under the bed as if it were food I had put down for her . She sniffed it and walked on it . I moved it and she followed it . Where ever I put it , she went . They should let you know that the product might have a reverse effect . Garbage !!!
 I was so excited when my mammoth extra x-mat pet training matS arrived that I had the box opened before the Fedex guy got in his truck . What a piece of crap !!! The only way that this item woul work is if I covered the whole house with it or if my cat was missing a limb . It did n't even work a little bit . She just jumped over them like they were puddles of water . I even tried putting them in front of a doorway to keep her out of a room . YEAH RIGHT !! Do n't buy this . You have been warned ! GARBAGE .
 I have 2 large dogs who were not phased by the mats . I put two of them on my couch and it did not stop the dogs from getting on it.I would not recommend this for large dogs .
 Maybe for a cat but my 25lbs . dog barely notices it there . It served better as a chew toy than a deterent . Useless .
 Within 2 days of moderate use , this toy just broke . It is clearly not made of durable enough materials for its use , as it is nowhere near strong enough for a dog to actually `` tug '' on . Now that it has snapped , my dog can tear pieces off of it , and I have had to take it away from him . He is extremely sad , as he did love it before it broke .
 i was looking for products in between grooming for my english bulldog and purchase fast bath thinking it 'd do the trick ... WRONG !!! i swear there 's only alcohol and water in the bottle . it did n't leave him smelling clean and the spray hole hardly ever worked . i always ended up pouring some on a towel just to clean his paws after an outing because i did n't want to toss it in the trash after my 2nd use ... try john mitchell/paul mitchell pet cleanse ... worth the money , does the job , smells clean and fresh !!!
 This product does n't work too well since it is basically a wet shampoo that sprays on -- which means you still have to towel dry the dog and finish grooming like you would after a regular bath . I guess it saves some time , but I thought I was getting a dry spray-on shampoo product and was disappointed with this . It may be o.k. for short-haired dogs , but it does n't work well for poodles and probably would n't work too well on long-haired breeds .
 This must be breed-specific or something because my cat could not have cared less . When I sprayed it on a counter top , he walked across it without hesitating . I also sprayed it on the top of a barrier gate to keep him out of our kitchen . He hopped up on top , sniffed it ... licked it a few times ... then continued over . And then when I put him back out of the kitchen he did it again . He did not show any distaste and it certainly did not prevent him from going on surfaces where it was sprayed .
 This stuff did n't work for either one of my cats at all . We sprayed the areas frequently , moved them away and resprayed when they still laid in the treated areas , and they still came back .
 Owning a new miniature schnauzer , I expected the teething stage at about five months and wanted to protect both my furniture and carpet from chewing and the possible other ` accidents ' . Of a few taste deterents I purchased , this by far was the weakest of the bunch , and overall seemed to have no effect with my puppy . I realize that all dogs react diffrently , but my little guy acted as if I did n't use a drop.After using as directed daily and seeing no results after using 1/2 a bottle , thank goodness my local store took it back and allowed me to buy another product such as Bitter Apple or Boundry .
 AFTER READING POSITIVE REVIEWS ON THIS PRODUCT I decided to go ahead and purchase it . my mothers cat climbs on all my furniture as if it was a playground for him -LRB- which gets under my skin -RRB- . So , instead of * ACCIDENTALLY * leaving the screen door open in hopes that never returns , I thought this product would be a better way on earning so points with God.HUGE MISTAKE ! THIS SPRAY DOES N'T WORK AT ALL ! I CA N'T BELIEVE I WASTED MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF CRAP ! Do to the result of this product not living up to its name - IT 'S BYE BYE FOR KITTY TIME!I do love animals but there 's a limit.Oh , Btw , I know others will feel the need to negatively comment on my review as an attempt to `` Insult '' me but I thrive on negativity = -RRB-
 I saturated the cushions of both my couch and chair - the very next day , my cats were just as comfortable as the day before the application . In my case , this was a waste of money . All 4 cats ignored the smell .
 I ordered to buy 2 bottles of this product at the same time because I thought that I would be saving some money on shipping and handling cost . I applied it as directed to my furniture -LRB- the dinning chairs and sofa in the living room -RRB- but it did not work at all . The cats still jump in and sit on top of the furniture . This product is NOT EFFECTIVE to repel my cats from staying off the furniture . I recommend not to be fooled to buy this product because it 's just a WASTE OF MONEY . The company that makes this product should modify the ingredients used to be more effective .
 This stuff is useless and a waste of money . I think it acted more as an invitation than a deterrent for my cat . Save your money !
 Spent so much money on this and the cat does n't even pay it any mind . Waltzes right back onto the couch to claw s ` more . Pretty much doused the couch in spray .
 Even with with scolding and redirection , this does not work . He must like garlic and cloves , because it turns out those are two of the main ingredients ...
 I guess all cats are different , but this does n't have any effect on my kitty . In fact , right after I spray it , she goes up and sniffs it ... then she 's right back where I do n't want her to be . Will have to try something else I suppose ...
 Picked up this brand of collar a few years ago for my cat . I wanted to get one that was ` breakaway ' for his safety . My cat did get out once and lost for a few months . When he returned , the collar had gotten caught and had NOT broken away . It stayed on even as he forced his front forearm through it . Wearing it like that for the few months he was lost , it tore into his skin and embedded into his flesh . Once he made it home , the surgery to fix the wound cost us $ 3800.00 not to mention costs of vet visits . DO NOT buy this collar for your cat .
 This is an $ 8.00 , 12 oz . bottle of what is , by smell and taste tests , just water . It is meant to be applied via spray nozzle to your cat , an animal which is traditionally disinclined to be made wet . Do n't spray your cat with water ; it 's cruel.Two stars for chutzpah .
 I bought this bed as a Christmas present . The cats gave it a look , smelled it , and have n't been near it since . Because they ordinarily love new beds , I 'm guessing there 's `` something amiss '' in this product .
 I bought this bed as a Christmas present . The cats gave it a look , smelled it , and have n't been near it since . Because they ordinarily love new beds , I 'm guessing there 's `` something amiss '' in this product .
 I was under the impression that when I ordered this product I was going to receive a 6 pc counter box of the product . I only received one tube , not 6 .
 The product was larger than expected but my dog seem to like all of the room . She weighs approximately 16 pounds and have lots of room to stretch out.I did not like the fur inside ; it sheds a lot and all over my car . Although my dog loved the size of this item she did n't seem to like the temperature of the seat regardless of the temperature outside . Of course during the summer the fur would get even warmer as a result she would eventually climb out of the seat.After 2 weeks of having this product the strap broke from the back of the seat . I decided not to send it back due to the size of this thing . It 's huge !
 Is n't very safe if your dogs need to be harnessed . My wife and I purchased the My Buddy Lookout II for our two mini dachshunds . When we received the My Buddy Lookout II it was n't what we expected . There is n't any place to hook the dogs harness to , you can only hook the harness up to the seat belt -LRB- which is holding the seat in place -RRB- and is n't very safe . Since there is n't a secure hook , the harnesses slide back and forth on the seat belt , get tangled and sometimes if the dogs try to jump off the Lookout they get stuck in mid air and can not get back on the seat . When trying to exchange the product there was a restocking fee -LRB- ask the company you are using before purchasing -RRB- on top of the shipping fee , so we decided to keep the product . I would n't recommend this car seat for any dog needing to be harnessed , unless the company makes some adjustments or fixes the problem . If you want the car seat only for height , then it suits it 's purpose . But I think it 's very misleading and unsafe if you are harnessing your dogs .
 This seat is far too large for my car or my wife 's SUV . It also seems too high and unstable as it hangs over the front of the car seat . We are returning it as it seems unsafe and is too big . It has great ratings but it seems like a marginal product that will now be a hassle to ship back . I wish we had skipped it .
 I bought two for my Chihuahuas . Basically this is a big block of foam the dog sits on top of . One dog kept jumping out and getting hung up on the seat belt . Never use this seat with a collar , only a harness . There is too muh leeway since the tether slides along the length of the seat belt . The only way to make them work right would be to cut a hole through the back and put the tether through that . The other dog did fine , but you never know when a dog will decided to jump out . Not safe to be driving on the freeway while worrying that your dog might be dangling from the seat belt .
 There is supposed to be a harness included in with this car seat - it even says so again with the instructions , however , there was no link for me to ask to have the harness sent - in fact amazons instructions were to contact Snoozer , which was n't anywhere in the packaging or on amazons 3rd party sellers . Needless to say I 'm going to either have to return the entire car seat just to take a chance that they do n't forget to send a harness again or I have to go buy my own - NOT VERY HAPPY ABOUT THAT AT ALL .
 Ordered the Deluxe Lookout Car Seat for my dog on 8/31 , received a package on 9/7 that contained the model down . It obviously was the wrong item and I called that same day . The first rep told me I woul ;d have to send it back at my own expense !!! After 8 phone calls , a call to the manufacturer who agreed they sent the wrong thing , Petco still insists they are right . I 'm disgusted after wasting all this time and effort with nothing to show for it ! They even charged me for shipping when it was supposed to be free ! NBo more Petco for me , in store or online !
 Overall I was not happy with the seat . Even though the puppy was very comfortable in it -- the adjust-ability and sliding belts were very undesirable . You should not have to search for a large safety pin so the belt does n't slide back and forth .
 Well first , it 's nothing to it . It 's material over foam . Anyone could make it . I think for that reason it is way over priced . In that case , goto a craft store , buy foam and material and make it yourself , it 'll be cheaper . But do n't waste your time even doing that.If you have a good dog , save your money and just put a blanket down , because , it 's not worth it . You have to use your own car seat belt and it 's not too secure around the dog . If you have a bad dog that acts like a 2 yr old having a tantrum , such as mine , definitely save your money , because my dog , it took her about a minute to get out of and then it just becomes a hazard in the car . I also had to cover the top with an old pillow case because my dog chewed and almost choked on the sheepskin . She loves sitting in it , but just as long as she 's not strapped in to it . I use it now as a toy for her . She loves it and knows its for her to sit in , but in the car , it 's useless.When I lived 7 minutes away from her vet , a car seat was n't a big deal . I got it because when I first got her , I thought if my mom was n't able to go with me , it would be a good idea for her to be strapped in . But , it did n't work . So she 's not good to drive alone , if she 's held , for that short time , she was ok . So buying another seat for her , was n't a big priority . However , now I live an hour away and need to look for a new car seat for her . She 's making herself sick trying to get out of my mom and my arms . We take turn driving because we can only hold on to her for so long . Little dogs , got ta love them . LOL She 's only bad like that in the car . Her vet gave me medicine to give to her , to calm her down , it did the opposite . So I 'm on the search again , I know there 's got ta be something that works out there.Anyways , that 's my review . I gave the item a star because it sucked for it 's purpose . But for entertainment I 'll give a 4 , because if you want a chair for your dog , by all means , get it , they 'll love it . It 's soft , easy to play with and drag it around.It 's a great leaning device if your sitting on the floor ... And if you have children , it 'll be fun for them as well . lol My nieces and their friends have had tons of fun sitting in it , goofing around with it . lolAs you can see , I 've found other ways of using it . : -RRB- I hate giving a bad review , but it 's not worth it for various reasons . The most important one being it 's not safe .
 Unbelievable ! This was my first experience in trying to make a purchase through Safe Home Products . I placed an order for the SNOOZER Lookout 1 -LRB- NO Drawer -RRB- product -LRB- ASIN
 Unbelievable ! This was my first experience in trying to make a purchase through Safe Home Products . I placed an order for the SNOOZER Lookout 1 -LRB- NO Drawer -RRB- product -LRB- ASIN
 Why would you even call it a car seat if it does n't have the ablility to keep the dog in it ? Really ? All it is is a dog bed with stirofoam underneath to make it sit up higher - THAT 'S IT . You can run a seat belt to keep the BED from going anywhere ; but really what good does that do if you ca n't keep the dog in it ? Returned it .
 My husband and I unpacked the car seat in the garage . Started to take the cover off the foam car seat and noticed black specs on the foam . I grabbed a magnifying glass and looked at the black specs . Most did n't move but some did and as we picked up the cover more a bug started jumping out . We grabbed the insect spray and sprayed the hell out of it . I threw the cover in the washing machine and left the bed out in the garage . My husband and I stripped out of our clothes and left them in the garage and took a long shower . I could n't believe that this car seat was sent to us in this condition . My husband and I decided we could n't keep it let alone put it in our car . We sent it back . I 'm going to make a car seat with a plastic laundry basket and put pillows in it for height . The seat belt can go thru the basket holes and I can buy a harness with a seat belt tie on the dog . I am never going to buy another car seat from Snoozer again .
 I did n't like it for few reasons
 I purchased this bed for my mutts that like to &#34; nest &#34; in fluffy beds . The faux sheep skin cover and the canvas/cotton bottom are of excellent quality . I would expect this bed to last a long time -- if my dogs used it . The problem is the fill . My 38-pound beagle mix has been in it only about five times and there is no fill in the spot where he laid . I tried to &#34; fluff &#34; and move the fill within the inner nylon bag , but it remains as one big , connected piece that is impossible to adjust or reshape without tearing the bag . It 's like trying to &#34; shape &#34; cotton candy by handling through nylon material . My 80-pound doberman does n't seem to appreciate the fill &#34; hole &#34; in the bed either and does n't use the bed .
 The bed is fluffy but stuffing does n't hold up well . Also , what was I or they thinking ... WHITE fleece for a dog bed ? I was looking for red and this was the closest I could find at the time . It lasted 2 days before laundry and is n't going to work at all .
 I just had to look at the picture and it was enough for me . I just ca n't imagine putting that on my dog to train him . If I could n't train him with love and understanding then what is the point ! Why do n't we put this on the person who designed the thing . I want that person to review the item after another person has given him a big jerk on it to make him behave.Sorry I gave it a star , only because I had to fill in the space . I do n't rate it at all ! I am very disappointed that AMAZON would even sell a product like this .
 Please do n't purchase this for your dog ! Does n't it look like some sort of medieval torture device ? I ca n't imagine subjecting my dogs to this . Amazon
 This product was slimmer than the last one I had , forgot the company at the time . On this brand 's lead , the second to last D-ring at the bottom pulled out of the leather connection after only 2 weeks of use . I 'm trying to return it at the moment .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 The gravel is OK . If you want gravel that is on the darker side ... DO NOT BUY THIS GRAVEL ! The gravel I received was crushed and whole shell . There were no natural dark rocks to be found . When you look at the picture there are reds , blacks , grays , browns , and different shades of white shells . My 80 lbs of gravel was all white . I would have returned my purchase ... but the postage to return would have been too expensive . Otherwise the gravel has n't killed anything . All of my fish seem to be happy .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 Do not buy this unless you 're a pretty in pink kind of person . I can not attest to the quality of the product or the effectiveness on delivering the promises for water quality . What I can say is that the bags I ordered were not this beautiful black and white color that the product images display ; they were frickin pink . It was a huge disappointment ; be cautious in your purchasing , as these are not what Amazon is showing .
 I ordered this sand the other day and was expecting it too look like the sand in the picture . Well it does not , it is a pinkish color not black . It is just regular looking sand that is also pretty large as far as sand goes . Not what I expected .
 I have 2 14/12 year old cats who have always used a covered litter box and I 've always lived with hardwood floors . This is the WORST tracking litter I have ever used . Most people are complaining about the smell , which is kind of yucky , but my biggest problem is there is litter all over my house . My dark hardwoods are covered , I have to sweep/vacuum and mop several times per day . It 's in the sofa , it 's even in my bed ! GROSS ! And I do n't just mean a little dust or a few stray pieces . I mean their paws are completely coated with the stuff every time they exit the box . I also clean the box several times per day . I do n't know what the problem is here but I 'm revolted by this one . But like I said , maybe it 's somehow my cats because I do n't see anyone else complaining about this .
 As soon as I poured this stuff in the litterbox , my nose was assaulted by a very strong perfumey odor . There was nothing on the outside of the package to indicate that this was scented litter . I called the company and was told that all their cat litter is scented with a `` cucumber-melon '' fragrance.My nasal pasages felt like they were burning , so I ran right out and bought another brand . This was the first time I tried Tidy-Cat and it will definitely be the last . If it smelled that strong to me , imagine how the cat must have felt . However , just to be fair I will also say that I am somewhat sensitive to perfumed products .
 I agree that the cucumber-melon scent is horrible . It smells like rotting cantaloupe . It was in the back bathroom , but the smell permeated the whole house , especially after the litter was just used . I could barely go into the bathroom . I 've used other Tidy Cat litters and they have been fine , and I 'm not sure exactly what variety this particular one was , but the smell was really revolting . The cat litter smell would have been better . Honestly , I 've never smelled anything quite like it short of rotting garbage . It 's like a chemical cantaloupe smell . It 's coming out ASAP in favor of unscented litter or another type.In fact , the smell was so bad that I took time out of my busy day to google `` Tidy Cat '' and `` melon '' to see if anyone else had had problems with it . As if I had nothing else to do . Really , who has time to sit around Googling cat litter brands ? That should tell you all that it was pretty bad . = -RRB-
 This cat litter smells ok right out of the container , but as soon as my cat actually uses the litter , something about the combination of urine and whatever is in the litter produces an overpowering chemical smell that saturates the entire room . This smell is worse than plain cat urine -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- and I nearly threw up when I scooped the litter box . I immediately switched back to my other brand of cat litter , cat-attract .
 I just adopted a new cat , and this was the only litter available to buy in the shelter . Considering I live in a tiny apartment , I figured this would be a good buy . It 's not as good as it seems : Pros : * My cat seems to enjoy the feel of it on her paws * It does what it claims - kitty waste is clumped up for easy removable with very little breakage.Cons : * It tracks all over the house . Everywhere . * It 's scented , and it 's not even scented WELL . It smells somewhat like a rotting orange , especially when cat urine hits it . No amount of kitty digging seems to get rid of the smell . When you clean out the litter box , it gets a bit better , but it never fully goes away . * Dusty.Because of the smell , I dumped this litter for the World 's Best Cat Litter brand . I dunno if that brand is much better , but at the very least the smell is a lot better . Avoid this brand if you 're sensitive to smell .
 I paid over $ 6 for only 6 ounces ! I usually am able to get 16 ounces for the same price . I was ripped off !
 Most dogs I know like Charlee Bears . However , this product was listed to be 12 bags per purchase . I purchased two sets -LRB- 24 bags -RRB- to prepare gift bags for 15 dogs . I was very surprised when 2 bags were shipped . I had to fill the gift bags with another treat . However , the seller quickly responded and recognized there was a problem with Amazon 's description . I received a full refund from the seller .
 I mistakenly bought a few of these thinking they 'd be glass -- like my old ones . Mistake . A thin -LRB- I mean THIN -RRB- plastic . I was too lazy to go back and check if `` plastic '' was used in the description . But I knew as soon as my UPS driver handed me the box something was n't right -- it was light as air . No -- as light as thin plastic . Alas , they might work come spring . But I 'm from the old school -- I like heft . And somehow bird feeders got ta take a licking to keep on ticking .
 My picky eater of a dog likes most of the Smokehouse brand dog treats but these ? Not so much ... in fact when he got a whiff of them , he quickly turned the other way ... same reaction I had when I unscrewed the top ... they DO smell awful .
 My dogs liked the product , and the price appeared decent but I paid more for the delivery than I did the product ! In addition , I ordered this on December 12 as a gift for my dogs for Christmas and the product arrived 58 days later . Granted , the prduct was out of stock -LRB- although it clearly stated the availability was instock at the time ordered -RRB- . but I cancelled the order through amazon but mysteriously receved the order 58 days later and and a bill that did n't match the satisfaction of the company or quality of the product .
 After reading all of the reviews , I decided to give this product a try , hoping my dog would be like some of the others who had no problem drinking their water with this product added . No luck . My dog turned his nose up at it , and I even made it less strong than the bottle recommended . As soon as I put fresh water down , with no product in it , my dog drank and drank and drank . So , I am back to square one of looking for a product to reduce tartar and plaque on my dog 's teeth .
 After spending $ 100 per dental cleaning for 4 dogs that do not like to have their teeth brushed , we decided to try a water additive product for dental care . We used another product , Triple Pet Plaque Off , and saw a remarkable difference in their teeth . After 2 weeks we noticed that existing plaque could be rubbed off easily . Within two more weeks all their teeth -LRB- including teeth in back -RRB- were plaque-free and white down to the gum line.After 6 months we switched to this product , Plaque and Tartar Control , because the ongoing cost was considerably less than Triple Pet Plaque Off . Bad choice - after two weeks they all have yellow stains and are developing plaque on their back teeth again . 3 out of 4 are all drinking less water , as well - seems they do not like the taste . We are switching back to Triple Pet Plaque Off .
 I can not rate this product since my cat simply refused to drink the water mixture . I followed the directions of water to solution , and even tried diluting it even more so . This product is advertised to be tasteless and odorless , but there is SOMETHING about this additive my kitty turns her nose up at ! I purchased the 8 oz size , and sure am glad I did n't buy the gallon size !
 I was excited to try this product to add to my 2 year old dog 's dental regimen . I already brush her teeth 2-4 times/week , and she had all white teeth except her rear molars which would get yellow mushy plaque - the type i could scrape off with my fingernail in a chip.Well , after using this product , it seemed to have an opposite effect of what is claimed . I kept using it for weeks , thinking `` maybe it gets worse before getting better , '' but am now quitting after over a month of use before I do any more damage . The soft tartar has hardened and is now much tougher to break off , and more of her teeth have become discolored . She also now had a dark line at the gumline at her back molars that was n't there before ! I think now I need to take her in for a professional cleaning , something that I was hoping to avoid with attentive home care .
 After this product was highly recommended to me , I purchased an entire gallon since it was my intention to use this product on an ongoing basis . However , after using it for a few weeks , I have not seen any improvement in controlling the plaque and tartar build-up on my dog 's newly cleaned teeth . I felt this would be a good follow-up to the dental cleaning he just had . Furthermore , the dog does not seem to like the product and has not been drinking nearly as much as he used to . The product is supposed to be tasteless but it is evident that my dog dislikes it . His breath is now almost as bad as it was before he had his teeth cleaned . I would not recommend this product as it does not seem to live up to the statements it boasts .
 I usually buy Dental Fresh for Dogs & Cats . . thought I 'd save a few bucks and tried this . My dogs have their own water bowls . . I will add the additive to one of the bowls . . they will only drink out of the bowl without the additive.It says tasteless . . I can smell it . . obviously they can smell/taste it too . . and do n't like it .
 I was a bit dissappointed in this product . My dogs death breath did not respond like I had hoped . His breath could still gag a maggot off a rotten carcus . Although one of my other dogs did n't have as bad of gas as she use to . It is probably a decent product if your dog 's teeth arent completely rotten already .
 This is a total piece of trash . It broke within three days of using it and was not what the price reflected it was . I thought I was getting the Mega model -LRB- since I 've owned two other Littermaids before and been very happy -RRB- , but I feel this vendor that Amazon.com is using is very deceptive about what they are selling and the price they 're charging . The only answer I received from J-P Pet Supply was send it back and I 've received no response from Amazon.com regarding the overcharge of $ 50.00 for this product .
 I purchased the Medium Pet Feeder and the Ergo Pet Waterer in 2003 from the Ergo website.First off , the timer that comes with the food is horrible . It has great functions and is easily programmable , but over the course of 5 years I had 3 and they would just stop working . I did n't realize I could use any appliance timer so I kept buying replacements from Ergo at $ 25 a pop . When I finally found out any appliance timer would work , I went withWoods 59377 Digital 7-Day Lamp/Appliance Timer with 2 Outlets , Up to 8 On/Off Settings per day and Battery Back Up , it has all the same functions and is a sleeker design . Not to mention it was over $ 10 cheaper.Other than the timer issue , I could n't be happier with the feeder 8 years later . I use either Science Diet or Purina Beneful . The Beneful is dispensed with no problem , but any food that is `` Large Bites '' will not . If you change the size of the kernels , you may need to adjust the time duration it feeds . Larger kernels I find need to be set longer , but if I use smaller kernels and do n't decrease the fall time , it overfeeds them.I received the waterer at the same time an was initially satisfied . Everything assembled well , but if you 've used smaller auto wateres in the past , you know the warning sound it makes when it 's low , this one does n't and we burned out several pumps . We eventually just got rid of all the filters and electronics and just use it a a gravity waterer . This works well for us because we add teeth cleaners andGood Dog!to the water and our dogs finish the water pretty quickly so it does n't have time to get slimy or stale.If you stay on top of the water level so you do n't burn out the pump , it is a great machine . However if you burn out the pump you have to buy a replacement from Ergo because they are a special size and you ca n't connect one externally due to the products design , it has a hole on the side that prevents use of another pump . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased the Medium Pet Feeder and the Ergo Pet Waterer in 2003 from the Ergo website.First off , the timer that comes with the food is horrible . It has great functions and is easily programmable , but over the course of 5 years I had 3 and they would just stop working . I did n't realize I could use any appliance timer so I kept buying replacements from Ergo at $ 25 a pop . When I finally found out any appliance timer would work , I went withWoods 59377 Digital 7-Day Lamp/Appliance Timer with 2 Outlets , Up to 8 On/Off Settings per day and Battery Back Up , it has all the same functions and is a sleeker design . Not to mention it was over $ 10 cheaper.Other than the timer issue , I could n't be happier with the feeder 8 years later . I use either Science Diet or Purina Beneful . The Beneful is dispensed with no problem , but any food that is `` Large Bites '' will not . If you change the size of the kernels , you may need to adjust the time duration it feeds . Larger kernels I find need to be set longer , but if I use smaller kernels and do n't decrease the fall time , it overfeeds them.I received the waterer at the same time an was initially satisfied . Everything assembled well , but if you 've used smaller auto wateres in the past , you know the warning sound it makes when it 's low , this one does n't and we burned out several pumps . We eventually just got rid of all the filters and electronics and just use it a a gravity waterer . This works well for us because we add teeth cleaners andGood Dog!to the water and our dogs finish the water pretty quickly so it does n't have time to get slimy or stale.If you stay on top of the water level so you do n't burn out the pump , it is a great machine . However if you burn out the pump you have to buy a replacement from Ergo because they are a special size and you ca n't connect one externally due to the products design , it has a hole on the side that prevents use of another pump . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased the Medium Pet Feeder and the Ergo Pet Waterer in 2003 from the Ergo website.First off , the timer that comes with the food is horrible . It has great functions and is easily programmable , but over the course of 5 years I had 3 and they would just stop working . I did n't realize I could use any appliance timer so I kept buying replacements from Ergo at $ 25 a pop . When I finally found out any appliance timer would work , I went withWoods 59377 Digital 7-Day Lamp/Appliance Timer with 2 Outlets , Up to 8 On/Off Settings per day and Battery Back Up , it has all the same functions and is a sleeker design . Not to mention it was over $ 10 cheaper.Other than the timer issue , I could n't be happier with the feeder 8 years later . I use either Science Diet or Purina Beneful . The Beneful is dispensed with no problem , but any food that is `` Large Bites '' will not . If you change the size of the kernels , you may need to adjust the time duration it feeds . Larger kernels I find need to be set longer , but if I use smaller kernels and do n't decrease the fall time , it overfeeds them.I received the waterer at the same time an was initially satisfied . Everything assembled well , but if you 've used smaller auto wateres in the past , you know the warning sound it makes when it 's low , this one does n't and we burned out several pumps . We eventually just got rid of all the filters and electronics and just use it a a gravity waterer . This works well for us because we add teeth cleaners andGood Dog!to the water and our dogs finish the water pretty quickly so it does n't have time to get slimy or stale.If you stay on top of the water level so you do n't burn out the pump , it is a great machine . However if you burn out the pump you have to buy a replacement from Ergo because they are a special size and you ca n't connect one externally due to the products design , it has a hole on the side that prevents use of another pump . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this product a few of years ago . Initially it seemed to be a good product . It lasted for several months , and then the problems set in .1 -RRB- The dispensing bowl is attached to the reservoir bowl by two plastic nuts that thread onto two threaded plastic shafts extending from the dispensing bowl . There is also a small plastic tube that extends from the dispensing bowl , and fits into a receptacle in the reservoir bowl body . The tube is sealed to the receptacle by two small recessed O-rings . These O-rings are junk . During assembly the O-rings will twist and bind against each other preventing a good seal . Which in turn , will result in an empty waterer and a flooded floor ? - My fix , use a food grade silicone to seal the tube to the receptacle . Problem solved ; no big deal .2 -RRB- The filters that are used with this unit are also complete junk . They are a multi-layered filter , with each layer of filtration `` supposedly '' providing a beneficial purpose . However , this filter frequently becomes clogged . The first layer of filtration is a particulate screen ; good in concept - bad in implementation . The useable surface area of this screen is less than an inch in diameter , so any debris -LRB- usually food particles and hair -RRB- that falls into the reservoir bowl will clog this filter fairly quickly . It usually takes about a week to clog it up . Once it becomes clogged , the water no longer flows . Well , so much for filtered water .3 -RRB- An easy way to unclog the filter is to back-flush it . Weekly back-flushing will extend the filter life for about a month before it has to be replaced . The filters originally came four to a pack , then three to a pack , now only two to a pack , but the price has never decreased . Ok , blame it on inflation . -LRB- Greed ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- The pump actually seems to be quite hardy . It has never had a problem . However , the water flows into the pump before it passes through the filter . This arrangement causes debris to get caught around the impeller of the pump -LRB- mainly hair -RRB- , and the water flow slows down to a crawl . - My fix , remove the pump from the reservoir bowl , dissemble the pump , remove and clean the impeller , and reassemble . Well , so much for unattended watering .5 -RRB- The original reservoir bottle was made from a fairly durable plastic , and it lasted about two years ; then once again my floor began to flood repeatedly . This time the problem was problem much harder to diagnose . The reservoir bottle developed a small crack underneath the screw-on lifting handle . The cracked reservoir bottle could no longer sustain a vacuum , and would empty its contents as fast as the air can flow in through the crack . I tried to seal the crack using the food grade silicone , but unfortunately the silicone would begin to leak as well . So , I ordered a replacement reservoir bottle .6 -RRB- The replacement reservoir bottle was made from a thin flexible plastic . I initially assumed the thin flexible plastic was an upgrade to make the bottle more resistant to cracking . Wrong . About 2 months after I replaced the bottle , my floor began to flood once again . This time the flooding was very infrequent , and I thought perhaps my pets were just being messy . I did n't even suspect the new bottle was cracked until my floor was once again flooded regularly . Once I discovered the crack under the screw-on lifting handle I called Ergosys , and requested a warranty replacement for the bottle . I was told even though the product was clearly defective and that it should n't have cracked , I would have to purchase a new bottle because , the 1 year warranty had expired yesterday . -LRB- Yes , that was the final straw and impetus for this review -RRB- 7 -RRB- There is a removable centering device for the bottle . It resides in the reservoir bowl , and helps guide and support the bottle into place during bottle installation . This centering device is another piece of junk . It cracks more frequently than the bottle . The cracks seem to have little effect on the performance of the waterer , but why is it cracking in the first place?Despite the good rating from other reviewers , I would caution against relying on this unit to provide prolonged unattended watering for your pets -LRB- a week if your lucky -RRB- . Furthermore , I definitely would NOT recommend using this unit near a wooden floor or carpeting ; it is simply too prone to flooding the floor.I do not own the large pet waterer , but it stands to reason the large and medium pet waterers may also be prone to these same problems.Buyer beware !
 I purchased the Medium Pet Feeder and the Ergo Pet Waterer in 2003 from the Ergo website.First off , the timer that comes with the food is horrible . It has great functions and is easily programmable , but over the course of 5 years I had 3 and they would just stop working . I did n't realize I could use any appliance timer so I kept buying replacements from Ergo at $ 25 a pop . When I finally found out any appliance timer would work , I went withWoods 59377 Digital 7-Day Lamp/Appliance Timer with 2 Outlets , Up to 8 On/Off Settings per day and Battery Back Up , it has all the same functions and is a sleeker design . Not to mention it was over $ 10 cheaper.Other than the timer issue , I could n't be happier with the feeder 8 years later . I use either Science Diet or Purina Beneful . The Beneful is dispensed with no problem , but any food that is `` Large Bites '' will not . If you change the size of the kernels , you may need to adjust the time duration it feeds . Larger kernels I find need to be set longer , but if I use smaller kernels and do n't decrease the fall time , it overfeeds them.I received the waterer at the same time an was initially satisfied . Everything assembled well , but if you 've used smaller auto wateres in the past , you know the warning sound it makes when it 's low , this one does n't and we burned out several pumps . We eventually just got rid of all the filters and electronics and just use it a a gravity waterer . This works well for us because we add teeth cleaners andGood Dog!to the water and our dogs finish the water pretty quickly so it does n't have time to get slimy or stale.If you stay on top of the water level so you do n't burn out the pump , it is a great machine . However if you burn out the pump you have to buy a replacement from Ergo because they are a special size and you ca n't connect one externally due to the products design , it has a hole on the side that prevents use of another pump . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this for my 2 cats about 5 years ago . Put it together and loved it . That is until it started leaking and I came home to find my room with water all over the floor . Fortunately it was in the basement on vinyl flooring . We cleaned it up and took it apart and put it back together.I started putting it in a tray in case it leaks but that does n't work since the tray will just fill up and then overflow . I 've replaced the `` O '' rings many times but the problem is they move when you put the tray on to the body . I can get it to stop but then when you take it to clean it , things move and leaks start again . At one time , I even tried to silicone them together . Right now it 's in the bathroom apart because I do n't trust it.I know they have the tray separate from the body so it 's easier to clean but it would be a much better design to have those pieces as 1 complete unit . Then there would be no chance of leaking . They also say they do it for shipping but it would n't be that big if they were together.I was hoping they had changed the design in 5 years but no luck . Now I need to look for another way to automate my cats water . The first thing I will look for is that the body and tray are 1 complete unit .
 I purchased the large Ergo Auto Pet Waterer a few weeks ago . It was great in the beginning , although my dogs did not drink from it very much . Then I went to clean it . It is a bear to clean . And lifting the 5 gallon water bottle in order to clean it , is n't pleasant either . When I cleaned it , there was a small piece next to the plastic filter that broke off . Plus , it leaks water in between the water tank and the bowl . I should call the manufacturer to ask for a new plastic piece , but it 's not listed in the manual . My next fountain will not have an outlet . And as far as keeping it free from dog hair or food , that 's bogus too . It does not keep the water free from hair or food . Do yourself a favor , and do n't waste your money on this product !
 It leaks , it will not automatically dispense water reliably , causing the pump to draw air , and it 's a pain to clean . Get a bowl , you 'll be much happier ...
 Pump failed after 1 week . Unable to register warranty on web site . Still waiting to hear from customer service . Skip it ...
 I purchase the small size , holds about 3 gallons of water . I dont find that the waterer bowl stays any cleaner than the petmate . The only advantage is not having to fill it up as often . The company states how quite this is , -LRB- well its not -RRB- even when working at full capacity . The filters cost about $ 13.00 for two then you have to add in the shipping to . I emailed company who makes this product with a question and they never answered me back . Save your money , its not worth paying $ 80.00 + dollars for .
 The first one leaked . Amazon replaced it . The second one leaked . It turned out to be the pump . When the dogs drank too much water at one time , the pump started and did n't stop . I ended up with a gallon of water on the floor each time . This is a complete waste of money and the dogs ran out of water more often than with a water bowl . So now it 's stored in the basement collecting dust .
 Does n't work if you fill it up . Some comes out then it creates a suction , then no more water for your pet . If you fill it about half way it seems to work but by the time you figure this out the pump has quit working . Still looking for a quality product to provide filtered water to my pets .
 good idea but it dose not work tried everything called co they could not help me finley had to send it back return was smooth as silk
 I purchased this product a few of years ago . Initially it seemed to be a good product . It lasted for several months , and then the problems set in .1 -RRB- The dispensing bowl is attached to the reservoir bowl by two plastic nuts that thread onto two threaded plastic shafts extending from the dispensing bowl . There is also a small plastic tube that extends from the dispensing bowl , and fits into a receptacle in the reservoir bowl body . The tube is sealed to the receptacle by two small recessed O-rings . These O-rings are junk . During assembly the O-rings will twist and bind against each other preventing a good seal . Which in turn , will result in an empty waterer and a flooded floor ? - My fix , use a food grade silicone to seal the tube to the receptacle . Problem solved ; no big deal .2 -RRB- The filters that are used with this unit are also complete junk . They are a multi-layered filter , with each layer of filtration `` supposedly '' providing a beneficial purpose . However , this filter frequently becomes clogged . The first layer of filtration is a particulate screen ; good in concept - bad in implementation . The useable surface area of this screen is less than an inch in diameter , so any debris -LRB- usually food particles and hair -RRB- that falls into the reservoir bowl will clog this filter fairly quickly . It usually takes about a week to clog it up . Once it becomes clogged , the water no longer flows . Well , so much for filtered water .3 -RRB- An easy way to unclog the filter is to back-flush it . Weekly back-flushing will extend the filter life for about a month before it has to be replaced . The filters originally came four to a pack , then three to a pack , now only two to a pack , but the price has never decreased . Ok , blame it on inflation . -LRB- Greed ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- The pump actually seems to be quite hardy . It has never had a problem . However , the water flows into the pump before it passes through the filter . This arrangement causes debris to get caught around the impeller of the pump -LRB- mainly hair -RRB- , and the water flow slows down to a crawl . - My fix , remove the pump from the reservoir bowl , dissemble the pump , remove and clean the impeller , and reassemble . Well , so much for unattended watering .5 -RRB- The original reservoir bottle was made from a fairly durable plastic , and it lasted about two years ; then once again my floor began to flood repeatedly . This time the problem was problem much harder to diagnose . The reservoir bottle developed a small crack underneath the screw-on lifting handle . The cracked reservoir bottle could no longer sustain a vacuum , and would empty its contents as fast as the air can flow in through the crack . I tried to seal the crack using the food grade silicone , but unfortunately the silicone would begin to leak as well . So , I ordered a replacement reservoir bottle .6 -RRB- The replacement reservoir bottle was made from a thin flexible plastic . I initially assumed the thin flexible plastic was an upgrade to make the bottle more resistant to cracking . Wrong . About 2 months after I replaced the bottle , my floor began to flood once again . This time the flooding was very infrequent , and I thought perhaps my pets were just being messy . I did n't even suspect the new bottle was cracked until my floor was once again flooded regularly . Once I discovered the crack under the screw-on lifting handle I called Ergosys , and requested a warranty replacement for the bottle . I was told even though the product was clearly defective and that it should n't have cracked , I would have to purchase a new bottle because , the 1 year warranty had expired yesterday . -LRB- Yes , that was the final straw and impetus for this review -RRB- 7 -RRB- There is a removable centering device for the bottle . It resides in the reservoir bowl , and helps guide and support the bottle into place during bottle installation . This centering device is another piece of junk . It cracks more frequently than the bottle . The cracks seem to have little effect on the performance of the waterer , but why is it cracking in the first place?Despite the good rating from other reviewers , I would caution against relying on this unit to provide prolonged unattended watering for your pets -LRB- a week if your lucky -RRB- . Furthermore , I definitely would NOT recommend using this unit near a wooden floor or carpeting ; it is simply too prone to flooding the floor.I do not own the large pet waterer , but it stands to reason the large and medium pet waterers may also be prone to these same problems.Buyer Beware !
 I purchased this product a few of years ago . Initially it seemed to be a good product . It lasted for several months , and then the problems set in .1 -RRB- The dispensing bowl is attached to the reservoir bowl by two plastic nuts that thread onto two threaded plastic shafts extending from the dispensing bowl . There is also a small plastic tube that extends from the dispensing bowl , and fits into a receptacle in the reservoir bowl body . The tube is sealed to the receptacle by two small recessed O-rings . These O-rings are junk . During assembly the O-rings will twist and bind against each other preventing a good seal . Which in turn , will result in an empty waterer and a flooded floor ? - My fix , use a food grade silicone to seal the tube to the receptacle . Problem solved ; no big deal .2 -RRB- The filters that are used with this unit are also complete junk . They are a multi-layered filter , with each layer of filtration `` supposedly '' providing a beneficial purpose . However , this filter frequently becomes clogged . The first layer of filtration is a particulate screen ; good in concept - bad in implementation . The useable surface area of this screen is less than an inch in diameter , so any debris -LRB- usually food particles and hair -RRB- that falls into the reservoir bowl will clog this filter fairly quickly . It usually takes about a week to clog it up . Once it becomes clogged , the water no longer flows . Well , so much for filtered water .3 -RRB- An easy way to unclog the filter is to back-flush it . Weekly back-flushing will extend the filter life for about a month before it has to be replaced . The filters originally came four to a pack , then three to a pack , now only two to a pack , but the price has never decreased . Ok , blame it on inflation . -LRB- Greed ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- The pump actually seems to be quite hardy . It has never had a problem . However , the water flows into the pump before it passes through the filter . This arrangement causes debris to get caught around the impeller of the pump -LRB- mainly hair -RRB- , and the water flow slows down to a crawl . - My fix , remove the pump from the reservoir bowl , dissemble the pump , remove and clean the impeller , and reassemble . Well , so much for unattended watering .5 -RRB- The original reservoir bottle was made from a fairly durable plastic , and it lasted about two years ; then once again my floor began to flood repeatedly . This time the problem was problem much harder to diagnose . The reservoir bottle developed a small crack underneath the screw-on lifting handle . The cracked reservoir bottle could no longer sustain a vacuum , and would empty its contents as fast as the air can flow in through the crack . I tried to seal the crack using the food grade silicone , but unfortunately the silicone would begin to leak as well . So , I ordered a replacement reservoir bottle .6 -RRB- The replacement reservoir bottle was made from a thin flexible plastic . I initially assumed the thin flexible plastic was an upgrade to make the bottle more resistant to cracking . Wrong . About 2 months after I replaced the bottle , my floor began to flood once again . This time the flooding was very infrequent , and I thought perhaps my pets were just being messy . I did n't even suspect the new bottle was cracked until my floor was once again flooded regularly . Once I discovered the crack under the screw-on lifting handle I called Ergosys , and requested a warranty replacement for the bottle . I was told even though the product was clearly defective and that it should n't have cracked , I would have to purchase a new bottle because , the 1 year warranty had expired yesterday . -LRB- Yes , that was the final straw and impetus for this review -RRB- 7 -RRB- There is a removable centering device for the bottle . It resides in the reservoir bowl , and helps guide and support the bottle into place during bottle installation . This centering device is another piece of junk . It cracks more frequently than the bottle . The cracks seem to have little effect on the performance of the waterer , but why is it cracking in the first place?Despite the good rating from other reviewers , I would caution against relying on this unit to provide prolonged unattended watering for your pets -LRB- a week if your lucky -RRB- . Furthermore , I definitely would NOT recommend using this unit near a wooden floor or carpeting ; it is simply too prone to flooding the floor.I do not own the large pet waterer , but it stands to reason the large and medium pet waterers may also be prone to these same problems.Buyer beware !
 It worked great for a year . It then began to leak through the back where pump electrical cord enters . Also leaked where storage container meets the bowl . Then check valve leaked . It then began to overfill and later under fill the bowl . Replacement parts were very expensive . The customer support is in India and they are less than responsive to e-mail and not knowledgeable . this is a good product only if you want to replace it every 1 1/2 years or so .
 We have multiple animals including a Mastiff -LRB- high slime factor -RRB- and was excited to see this product . We also have had problems w/kidney infections in the dogs while using ` city water ' so the filter was a BIG plus . I ordered the waterer and extra filters . I received the first waterer and filled it with water , inverted it into the base and watched it fill and fill and overflow all over the floor . I left it in the tub overnight and it leaked all night . I returned it for a replacement . The second one took longer to leak and it leaked slower . I thought I would try putting sealant around where it was leaking -LRB- as Amazon did NOT want to replace it a 2nd time -RRB- . At first it did n't leak but then the pump was not working . Then it developed a slow leak after an hour or two . After I emptied the water , the next day what little water was remaining was ` milky ' from soaking into the caulk . I just returned it a second time . It remains to be seen if I will get a refund . And I still have the extra filters from my first order !
 10 mg gelcaps apparently they do not make anymore and that 's all my little dogs require . Capsules do no good . These are not gelcaps . Waste of money for me so I guess they do n't feel dogs deserve what can help them too . These would have been good for their gums and their heart . I remember when they did make 10 mg gelcaps for dogs -LRB- and when I gave them to one of my old dogs , she came alive -RRB- . Honestly though , do n't waste your money on a capsule . CoQ10 is hard to absorb and it wo n't absorb in a dog with that little of a dose .
 The appellation `` airline approved '' for this bag is misleading insofar as many airlines will not accept this bag because its dimensions exceed requirements , for example , Jet Blue . I do bear some responsibility for my error , as I ordered this in haste thinking it would be `` airline approved '' . I am giving this one star , to punish Sherpa for its misleading representations , because though they do warn people to check with their airline , they have the name `` airline approved '' in the name of the product which can be reasonably foreseen to mislead some people into thinking that all airlines approve of it , while the reality is perhaps only some do . Indeed , when one goes to Sherpa 's website , one is informed that the large sized carrier , which is what this one is , is not accepted by airlines . It states
 I opened this package and was shocked at how small this `` large '' bag is . I placed a yardstick next to it and it measured just under 18 inches long . The product description and box say 20 inches . Also , the opening on top is very small -- I did not even attempt to fit my large tuxedo cat in here -- this is a rip off .
 I bought this item for my 10 lb dog for a trip on the airline . It lasted there and back , but as soon as we made it back the straps broke .
 We have a 6 month old puppy . On our return flight on the way to the airport , the zipper broke and we pinned it shut . Thought we might get turned down by TSA for all the safety pins holding the top shut . When we landed in our destination we pulled the carrier from under the seat and saw a huge hole she had managed to chew in the mesh liner . Do n't buy this . It 's not worth the money .
 I speak from experience . The nitrosamines that result of the corn consumption are carcinogenic ; it 's worse in mice -LRB- MUCH worse -RRB- , but do you really want to take the risk with your rats ? I 've raised both rats and mice for a long time now -LRB- mice longer -RRB- , and once I removed the corn from their diets did I notice an almost complete reduction in early murine death -LRB- mice fed diets that contained corn kernals in them died quicker/younger than mice without the corn -RRB- . Also , these ingredients : whole corn , striped sunflower seed , pumpkin seed , shelled peanuts , jumbo green peas , almonds , pecans , walnuts , banana chipscombined will make your critters obese . There 's just too much fat in this concoction to even think about giving it to them on a daily basis . I do n't think I could ever recommend something like this , no matter if my rats `` liked '' it or not . For treats , maybe , but not as the main staple of their daily diet .
 Up until very recently , this was the only food I would feed my pet rats they were the only soy-free rat food on the market . My rats love this food . HOWEVER , FM Brown 's has started using soy in their rat & mouse food within the past couple months . There is evidence to show , and my own experience is that soy is like POISON to rats . It cuts their lifespan in half and causes CANCER , particularly in females . Because FM Brown 's recently made the decision to add the soy to their mix , the ingredients listed on Amazon are not even accurate . There is soy in the food and it is BAD for your rats !!! If you care about your `` babies '' , please boycott FM Brown 's and let them know you will not buy their products until they take out the soy !!!
 In August 2010 FM Brown 's changed the formula of their Tropical Carnival food for rats and mice . The same month a study was published stating that a diet high in soy `` influence the development of more aggressive tumors '' . The soy free formula of the Tropical Carnival diet my rats were healthy , growing larger , never sick , having huge litters , living longer , and that says a lot for someone who has over 100 rats . However , after not having had a sick rat in months , when FM Brown 's switched to the new formula , more than 30 rats became sick AND more than 20 rats died.When this happened , FM Brown 's was immediately contacted and , at that time , they did admit to changing the formula , although insisting that it had nothing to do with money.If you want to cut your vet bills and keep your rats healthy , DO NOT FEED THIS TO YOUR RATS !!! In August , 2010 , FM Brown 's decided that the bottom line was more important than the health of our beloved furries . At this point now , FM Brown 's customer service has been instructed to LIE to their customers . Although I have written proof that in March of 2010 Tropical Carnival was soy free , their company is now lying to their customers , stating that soy has always been in their food , because it is cheaper.Please do not support a company that does not care about our animals . Please help join the boycott of FM Brown 's Tropical Carnival line of foods , especially the soy laden rat and mouse mix . Help us to affect their bottom line and realize that we do not want another soy laden food that will kill our pets , but want a soy free food that will ensure a long and healthy life.Rats are supposed to live 3-5 years , not 2-3 . FM Brown 's joined the soy laden band wagon and has decided that their bottom line is more important than having our pets around for their full lifetime .
 Switched to this food for my fancy and dumbo rat . I had a hairless sphinx rat that i loved and one time she choked on this food and i was able to clear it out of her airway . The second time however I was not so fortunate and she suffocated in my hands and died ! I will never use this product again and if you still do be sure and watch them eat incase anything happens !!
 The bed is fluffy but stuffing does n't hold up well . Also , what was I or they thinking ... WHITE fleece for a dog bed ? I was looking for red and this was the closest I could find at the time . It lasted 2 days before laundry and is n't going to work at all .
 I purchased this bed for my mutts that like to &#34; nest &#34; in fluffy beds . The faux sheep skin cover and the canvas/cotton bottom are of excellent quality . I would expect this bed to last a long time -- if my dogs used it . The problem is the fill . My 38-pound beagle mix has been in it only about five times and there is no fill in the spot where he laid . I tried to &#34; fluff &#34; and move the fill within the inner nylon bag , but it remains as one big , connected piece that is impossible to adjust or reshape without tearing the bag . It 's like trying to &#34; shape &#34; cotton candy by handling through nylon material . My 80-pound doberman does n't seem to appreciate the fill &#34; hole &#34; in the bed either and does n't use the bed .
 I would give it a 4 star except i bought it for my ferret and the lining got clawed and pulled out.so i wish sherpa would make one with the car safety parts in it and make one that is Ferret friendly . I finally had to stop using it .
 I originally bought this product because I gave my other - much more superior flea comb - away . I was attracted to the sleek design and rather low price of this one . After delivery , I proceeded to try the `` evolution '' flea comb on my dog . Compared to previous flea combs I have owned , this product is not in any way an evolution in flea comb design ! My experience with this product was more or less frustrating . While combing my dog , I had to run the comb over her coat 5 to 15 times just to catch one maybe two fleas . Other combs I have used would pick up five to ten fleas with just one sweep ! I find I spend nearly twice the amount of time to accomplish less than half the work as I did with my previous flea comb . The only fleas that seem to stick to this one are the really obese ones -LRB- and even they slip through frequently -RRB- . As for the design itself , I noticed the bristles on this comb to be somewhat farther apart and wobbly . Whatever the purpose for this in the design , it has failed to work well or gain my satisfaction . I will be in the market for another flea comb.Unless you want to spend countless hours each week combing your pet ... steer clear of this particular comb !
 I purchased this product at a pet store and was n't impressed . It takes longer to route out the fleas from the fur . The newer design impressed me enough to buy it , but after using it , I am going to throw it into the back of a drawer and go back to the old reliable traditional flea comb .
 This was very easy to install . Ignore the review where they state to cut the hole after you install it . It 's impossible to install the door without the hole already being cut . I installed this on my screen door from my screened in porch . All you do to install , is hold up one side of the pet door to the screen , cut the screen , leaving some slack to attach to the pet door , then snap the other side on . No need to remove your door to install the pet door -LRB- as stated in instructions -RRB- . The complaint that I have about this thing is the locking feature . If you lock the pet door , your pet can easily just push the whole pet door through the screen -LRB- the pet door casing and all -RRB- . It is so annoying always having to put the door back up , after my cat knocks it down . Purchase this pet door , knowing that you wo n't be able to lock it close .
 When you press the two pieces together , the plastic tears through the screen . I bought metal screen , assuming it would be stronger . But the sharp edges of the plastic door tear through it . Everytime my small dog went through the door , it tears more . Now I need to re-screen the door . The instructions were not clear , so I read other reviews on Amazon , and they had some helpful tips . I would use screen that is made for pets , for starters . Next , you should definitely not cut the screen before putting the door on . You might try reinforcing the screen around the door by sewing on a 2 inch strip of screen around the pet door . Also , the box says it 's for pets under 15 pounds . Then in another place , it says it 's for up to 30 pounds . The directions are particularly poor when describing where the door should be placed in relation to your pet . The picture makes it look like you should cut the top of the hole at the top of your pet 's back . I would put the pet door bottom about an inch under your pet 's stomach . When he walked through the door , the bottom of the door scraped along his stomach . The petdoor is good in theory , but terrible in practice .
 Bought this from a local pet store to use on a lanai screen . Advertised as being able to install on screen doors or screen panels -LRB- as in lanais -RRB- . Well the directions show someone removing a door and hammering it into place . A little difficult to do if your trying to mount it on a screen panel in a lanai . Two of us working together have not been able to get these pieces to come together . Have a feeling I 'm going to end up drilling holes in it and bolting it together . What a joke ! * edit * Looking at other reviews , I 'm wondering if there was a change in the design . I see references to pins and rubber pieces . What we have is solid plastic where a male plastic channel mates to a female completely around the perimeter . It appears others with a similar design have expressed grief with installing it as well .
 This item was really smaller than expected . It is difficult to install . We just took it off . Really a high price for a little piece of plastic . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I 've gotten two of these and they work pretty well once you get them installed up to a point . it 's a press fit . after a few weeks the cats continued to knock it out of the screen so I had to drill holes and fit small bolts to hold it in place . no big deal but not what I expected . that lasted for about a year and then the door simply broke off at the hinge . ok , a years worth of service . not bad . bought a replacement . the press fit did not work at all so I installed it from the beginning with bolts - although I had to be careful as the plastic on this one is softer . put the screen back in , flicked the door a few times ... and the magnet on the new one is so weak a small breeze will hold it open . so yes , it works , but certainly not what I expected . I have my doubts on how long this replacement will last and next time I 'll have to replace the screen and will be trying a different manufacturer .
 This door is extremely difficult to install . My husband tried to install it on his own to no avail . I tried helping by standing on one side of the screen while he stood on the other and pushing . It just would not engage . Our screen eventually ripped on the corner from so much pushing back and forth . We tried taking off the screen door like others have suggested but our screen would not come off the track . Since the screen ripped , when we have it re-screened , we 'll install the pet door then.For now , it will sit on the shelf in the garage .
 Do n't bother . After paying $ 23 and slowly breaking the plastic that `` locks '' the 2 sides together , we realized that we could just cut a flap in our screen door and it would leave just the same amount of bug coverage as as a door . It 's not like the cat door does anything except make the cats push open a heavyish door anyways ... no security or anything added.It 's fine , but just think about it in case that would work for you too .
 OK mission accomplished , my cat can now get out of our screened in porch . However the product is not extremely well designed . It is pretty tricky to install yourself and I am pretty handy . It has fallen off a few times now . I did n't find many alternatives so I guess this is it.Update
 I have now had this pet screen door for 1 year now and the cats have scratched holes in the screen . These holes allow the mosquitoes to come in the house - not good . I called the company to inquire about removing the movable part to change the screen , but am told that is not possible . I have to replace the whole thing and that means taking the screen door to have a whole screen replaced in order to put in the PetSafe screen door . The problem is that the screen in the pet screen door is too flimsy . It should be screen material that is scratch resistant . All the screens in our home are such screens .
 Would have given it a four if it was just a comb for a double coated dog . Anything that it would catch would have to be fat . Fleas are certainly not fat . More like specks of dirt . A good hair straighten . I 've been using it on my long hair because it is sturdy . Works well on dog just for grooming . Forget the fleas and lice .
 This is worthless as a flea comb . Because of the rotating bristles , they are not stable and fleas can pass right through them . I watched it happen . Very frustrating . I got 3 times more fleas off my cats with a regular flea comb . Do n't get this . It 's a waste and definitely not good for giving your pets relief from those dang fleas .
 Not as good as my solid comb like this one but teeth do n't move . My persian did n't like this comb at all . He was afraid of it .
 This has proved not very useful . I recommend a good pair of electric trimmers , a slicker brush , and the double combed underbrush rake .
 : : PLEASE READ : : I do n't usually review products but this made me infuriated . I own two chinchillas and I was looking for a new hideaway for them . I was really excited to receive this product because of the design with the little windows . Upon opening the box I was disappointed . If I could give it less than one star , I would.First , the Prevue Hendryx website advertises this product as `` solid wood . '' LIE . This is made of glued together particle board.Then , there is the issue of the glue . Tons of wood glue and some of it exposed.The `` wood '' around the edges and holes was so rough and splintered and needed sanding.The worse part of all is that the entire thing is put together with metal nails . In fact , my hut has two sharp metal nails exposed on the inside.IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR ANIMALS - JUST A LITTLE BIT - DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 Sherpa was the only carrier that I could find with wheels . Virtually every Sherpa I 've ever had in short order has zipper problems ~ this bag is no exception . I 'm also having problems with the wheels now . Try to find another brand . The concept is great ; the manufacturer is just nothing to brag about .
 I 've been thinking about getting one of these for my Umbrella cockatoo since currently he 's taken to playing under the running water in the kitchen sink and does n't really get anything wet other than his head and face . I was reading through the product information and the reviews for this to see if I could get a question answered and I have n't found an answer to it . So for those of you who have one of these , my question is this
 I bought this product because the top was larger than most of the competitor 's houses -LRB- which tend to slope in and have a small top -RRB- . I wanted my rabbit to be able to stretch out on top . However , so much of the corner is cut away for the entry that the house tips over if she tries to jump on top .
 I 've had this feeder for less than a year and I have to replace it . I took it down to clean it and the bottom part that keeps the seed in is broken and will not fit tightly back in . The only cheaply made part of this feeder is that part but it 's pretty important !
 We 've used a similar design before , and it works well . The `` upside down '' feeding largely ensures only goldfinches will use it , and they tend to fly in and out , without hanging around the backyard deck leaving a mess . Our last feeder lasted over ten years ; this will last six months . The greatest defect is the flimsiness of the main tube . It has to hold all the niger seeds ; keep the perch bars in place and prevent them from spinning when the birds rotate ; hold the bar that the unit hangs from ; and securely keep the bottom `` v '' in place , which keeps the seeds from falling out , yet must occasionally be removed for cleaning . But this tube is such a thin plastic that it will never hold up under the sunlight and weather ; its flexibility allows for too much movement of the stationary parts ; and it it surely wo n't be an impediment for other animals . Mine arrived warped , and the small tabs of the `` v '' would not engage the tube 's cutouts . The slightest flexing of the tube caused the `` v '' to disengage , causing the seeds to fall out . About 1 '' beneath the `` v '' there are two additional holes in the tube at the bottom of the unit -LRB- as for another perch -RRB- and as a fix I inserted a dowel and cut a piece of wood to make up the gap to the bottom of the `` v '' . That should hold it in place ... for as long as the tube itself holds up . I 'm not hopeful.In short , look for a feeder using this design , but avoid this product .
 It 's fun to watch the goldfinches turn upside down to get the seed , while the purple finches are confounded by their inability to get their meal . But the feeder has an inane design . The bottom of the feeder - which has to support about 2 lbs of seed - is a flimsy piece of plastic held in place merely by small , short tabs that insert into slots in the cylindrical body of the feeder . As soon as the feeder deforms at all in the sun , the tabs slip and the bottom falls out . Along with all the seed . It is n't hard to fix by drilling four holes and weaving in thin wire for extra support -LRB- thus two stars instead of one -RRB- , but whoever designed this should be sent back to kindergarten .
 If you 're bothered by squirrels stealing bird feed , DO N'T BUY THIS FEEDER ! The squirrels ate out the bottom of this one in just the first day it was up . Emptied the whole bottom section . Do not buy unless you can position it in a squirrel-proof location .
 This is my cat 's favorite toy ... but I would not recommend getting it for your cat if he/she tears into them like mine does . My cat loves these so much he bites and destroys them - but unfortunately he ate a piece of one , and $ 3500 in vet bills later , he 's slowly recovering from the surgery to remove it . If your cat is the type that will bite this toy , take it away !
 Be VERY CAREFUL ! Watch your cat when he/she plays with these balls . The type of material it 's made of is not safe ! My cat was walking around with one of the balls stuck on her tooth . She was able to bite into it and it was stuck on her tooth . Thank God I was home . I could just imagine if I was n't . BE HOME AND WATCH YOUR CAT WHEN HE/SHE PLAYS WITH THIS . Or better yet , just do n't purchase it , there are other cat toys that are safe . THIS IS NOT SAFE .
 I wish I would have read all these reviews before giving these to my cat to play with . My cat also chewed on one of these balls and I spent over $ 3000 in emergency surgery to remove bits of ball from her intestine . If your cat chews on things , they will chew the ball apart , it crumbles in their mouth ! I would not recommend these to anyone !
 I purchased this for my 2 bunnies but both of them had no interest in it , they walked around it once and never came close to it again . The material is less than what I expected , its too scratchy for rabbit 's delicate skin , I also think the coloring of the product is unnecessary , it would have been a more natural & safe product for animals to chew on .
 According to Super Pet , the wood they use is oak and fir . WHICH ARE BOTH TOXIC TO CHINCHILLAS . DO NOT BUY .
 Great idea but it takes some getting use to . Also , I find the quality is not consistent . The battery seems to be used up quickly and the inside metal pieces make it hard to replace the battery . I still use mine but and will purchase another one only because there is not another option to the clicker with multiple sounds . This product needs to be improved on and it is pricey too .
 Neat shape and great sound but not that good to train two dogs with . There is no way of knowing what clicker sound setting you are on . This causes a lot of confusion as you do n't know which dogs allocated sound will ring when you click .
 I loved the visuals of this DVD and while there is an option to pick music as opposed to the natural sounds of the aviary -LRB- alot of parrots screaming and doing the `` natural '' things that birds do -RRB- , it WILL teach your bird to scream in new and exciting ways if they listen to it repeatedly . I would have enjoyed hearing some talking parrots and would like to see a video with this . Not even necessarily a video that teaches parrots to talk but one that just has talking accompanying the video as opposed to screaming !
 I bought this for viewing in my medical office , thinking `` how nice , video of parrots . '' But it is video of parrots in zoos , in cages , eating out of bowls on the floor ; none in the natural environment . If you want your parrot to feel solidarity with other pathetic caged birds , maybe this is okay for you . But it really is super lame for any other viewing .
 Unless you want your birds to pick up some bad screaming habits , do not buy this ... I have a green cheek conure and a cockatiel , and both birds showed no reaction to it . They showed more reaction to the cat-sitter video with wild birds . This video is basically a bunch of breeder birds squawking , eating and bullying for each other 's food . It is the only video I found that was aimed at birds so I did enjoy the effort of someone else attempting to entertain birds while the humans are gone , but I believe this attempt was not successful -LRB- for my birds anyway -RRB- . I think we 'll stick with putting on Star Trek series for them . .
 I just bought these and they are way too perfumed . I was almost knocked over when I opened the box . Way too much scent going on . Wo n't buy again .
 These wipes do exactly what they 're intended to do . Each wipe is very moist and my cat did n't seem to mind the quasi-bath . However , these wipes are way way way way too strongly scented for my liking . Even if the smell was n't as strong as it is , I simply do n't like the smell at all . I used them several hours ago and both me and my cat still smell like we spent a week in a nursing home . My cat does n't seem to mind the smell , but I sure do . So if you do n't mind smells , these wipes are honestly great ... but unfortunately I think mine will be going in the trash .
 1st - Gerbils will chew the plastic , so it is a live-in chew toy . Give your gerbil lots of cardboard and they may not chew their house into confetti .2 nd - It 's pretty small . I would put 2 gerbils max in this thing . We had 3 in there , but they seemed unhappy with the crowded conditions . Plus it 's so small there is not really enough room to put cardboard tubes and other chewables in there .3 rd - The wheel is noisy . You can fix this by rubbing a little vegetable oil on the hub where plastic rubs plastic .4 th - Lots of blue plastic makes it very difficult to see your gerbils while they are playing .5 th - The gerbils tend to hide under the floor board when you try to get them out and you have to completely disassemble the stupid cage to get to your pets .6 th - 50 bucks ????? Come on . What was I thinking?We ditched this thing and switched to a 20 gallon aquarium with a screen lid and wire wheel . They have lots more room to build their own bedding and run around . Put a new cardboard box in the aquarium every couple of weeks and they will build a house out of it .
 It looked impressive , but 1 -RRB- The wheel made a terrible racket that could be heard across the house 2 -RRB- the wheel eventually broke off , sending our hamster on a 3 foot drop to the floor 3 -RRB- the plastic seals are no match for a hamster determined to escape 4 -RRB- Even though the cage is huge , the layout seems kind of awkward to me , not really offering much floor space and very inflexible if you want to add anything 5 -RRB- there are sealed holes for adding tubes , but they are so high up the sides our hamster needed a stepping stool to reach them . 6 -RRB- could n't find any extension tubes or rooms by this company so I bought some other brand which fit , but were easily dislodged by our hamster in his never ending quest to get out of the cage.The final straw was when the wheel broke again while he was staying at a friend 's house . When she finally found the hamster , she put him in an old wire cage that worked so well we bought it from her . The wire cage has more open area which we can fill with cardboard mazes or other items of interest . He seems happier , and he has n't escaped the new cage .
 this is a very ice size unit for one hamster . it 's really cute and the hamster seems to like it . however , the second day the hamster went on the wheel , the wheel started squeaking . it has not stopped squeaking . i do n't know how to eliminate this sound . the hamster now does n't seem to want to use the wheel anymore . i feel bad for him because he really liked it . oh well . i might have gotten a lemon ...
 Good for water training -LRB- floats well -RRB- and perhaps grassy areas , but I 've used this a bit in upland game areas where there are more trees , bushes and rocks/decomposed granite than grass , and nonetheless it frayed pretty badly after a few weeks . Biothane type checkcords are much more durable and easier to clean than this one -LRB- I do n't even use it anymore -RRB- . Also gets very dirty fast and does not clean well . Would only recommend for water training ... plus the whole bowline knot setup is awkward and was a pain for my dog ... literally 4 inches of hanging knot around her neck made for a weak experience for us .
 Construction & materials are good , it expands to very large size , but design is poor . You would have to have the straps tight enough to strangle Precious to keep him in this should he bolt to keep him from getting out of it . Thought I was getting a regular -LRB- dog like design -RRB- harness , one with both a shoulder and belly straps that connect to the neck and girth pieces , thus making it less flexible and harder for kitty to escape . Sending this one back , I am not willing to risk loosing our cat . Single `` H '' design not good , double `` H '' much better.The PetSmart 's Grreat Choice Adjustable Cat & Kitten Harnesses and the The Premier Pet Come with me Kitty Harness offer a more secure design . Both have the double `` H '' design like in a regular dog harness.We currently have the PetSmart harness which works well & has a 16 '' girth max , but I was search for a slightly larger harness for our indoor 16 pound cat who has an aversion to dieting . Looks like the Premier Pet Come with me Kitty Harness would be a better choice to keep our really fat cat secure when on leash .
 The size that I ordered from their description was off by 2 to 4 inches on every dimension , and the quality was marginal at best .
 This bed does n't provide much support , and at 24 x 12 x 15 inches , is a quite small for my 11.5 lb . cockerpoo who ca n't stretch out in it . Even curled up , she completely fills up this bed . I bought it in hopes that she would sleep in it instead of trying to sleep on my bed . She seems to prefer the floor or rocking chair to this bed which she only uses for only small part of the night . Considering returning it .
 I have three collars that use this charger and all three were dead in just over a year . I wrote the company to see if they would do anything and never got a response back . The collars are sealed units , required to be weather proof , but it also means they are maintenance proof as well . I spent a lot of money to put an inground perimeter fence in and I 'm very unhappy that the collars are such junk .
 The halter is very nice , but the push button spring kept breaking out of the plastic housing , so it has been returned . In fact , I returned the halter three times before requesting the refund . The Sporn Company needs to do something with the plastic so it does not break so easily or quickly !
 Well I have a Cocker Spanial , not the brightest bulb in the box , but he 's a good eater , about most everything , , , , , , Ate 2 , now wo n't touch them , and been eating grass for the last several days , -LRB- upset stomach -RRB- Hope you have better luck.Nick AndersonKey West , Florida305-292-2974
 I would n't buy it again , my puppy is teething and will barely touch it . Frozen solid the bone is barely cool on the outside .
 My German Shepherd did n't think much of these ... no real interest or excitement in them like the chicken jerky treats from Costco that she REALLY likes and gets excited for , but she did eat the Blue Dog treats along with her regular food so I guess they did n't go to complete waste . I would not buy these again .
 my dog absolutely `` loved '' these treats ~ until he got doggy diarrhea from them . Oh yeah , it was a blast cleaning the rug a few times and then having to run out to the woods at 1:30 a.m. when he got another bout ! My poor puppy !!! Not just my dog , I gave a box to my neighbor 's dog and she had diarrhea from them too . I 'm throwing the rest of them away . Never again .
 Since these were so highly rated by so many customers , I bought a bunch of these for my dog . Much to my surprise , he does not like them . If I offer him one , he will smell it in my hand , and sometimes take from me but drops it on the ground immediately . Too bad ! I was hoping to use these to motivate him for training
 Blue Dog treats , I purchased 2 boxes and my dog will not eat them so I 'm giving them to my neighbors dogs . I will never order them again .
 This may be a good tool but definitely not for my cat ... She is a long hair and really does not tolerate very much when it comes to grooming . I find this tool to be a bit rough for `` her '' .
 This toothpaste is ok but does n't get my dog 's teeth as shiny and white as the CET toothpaste I normally get . I thought I would try this one since it cost less . I also would have preferred to have 2 toothbrushes instead of the finger brush . The finger brush is so soft as to be useless . I have a 2 year old Chow-Newfoundland . I brush his teeth every night and after a week there was nothing left of the finger brush ! I would rather spend a little more and get the CET toothpaste from another vendor that also has free shipping . Do n't buy CET via Amazon 's 3rd party sellers or you will have to pay for shipping .
 My dog did not like this AT ALL !!!! She 's usually so compliant about everything -LRB- baths , nail clipping , medications , etc -RRB- Next day she would n't eat or drink and was in pain . Gave her a baby aspirin and beef broth which she finally drank . The vet said she probably had an upset stomach from the toothpaste or the anti-tartar spray I had also puchased from Amazon . Next day she was herself -LRB- Thank Goodness -RRB- She 's 14 years old , so her stomach must be delicate . I 'll put up with her smelly breath rather than subject her to such discomfort .
 I bought this for my puppies not knowing we did not have to have it for the first couple of months . When I pulled it out of the box this month I noticed it was CAT toothpaste and not dog toothpaste . Now to return it I will have to pay a penalty for their mistake .
 I have 3 small dogs . Read the reviews and decided to go with this `` natural '' canine toothpaste . Looked odd to me when I opened the tube and the toothpaste was a green gel . I 've used other natural peanut butter flavored toothpastes and they did n't look like this one . Anyway , my dogs started having diarrhea after I began using this toothpaste . Quit using the toothpaste and the dogs were fine . I wo n't purchase this one again .
 The item photo has changed , but the description has not . Before it was a thin white sheepskin mat with a rubber backing that was a cut to fit mat . My mat smelled strongly of rubber and the rubber backing was stuck to together . I pulled it apart and washed it to get the smell out . The rubber backing was stuck together again , I pulled it apart and it was fine . After a while the mat needed to be washed from regular use , I washed and dried it and this time the mat was folded over itself again but this time it was harder to pull apart . It had shrunk , there was hard creases where the rubber stuck to itself and chunks of the rubber were missing . The mat was destroyed after two washes . Each time I washed and dried the mat according to the instruction on the packaging . I have an other mat , same brand and the rubber is a different color and texture and so far had no problems washing that mat . I threw it out , and I ordered a new mat because I do n't want to keep something to use for my dog that I ca n't wash.Update
 The size that I ordered from their description was off by 2 to 4 inches on every dimension , and the quality was marginal at best .
 This bed does n't provide much support , and at 24 x 12 x 15 inches , is a quite small for my 11.5 lb . cockerpoo who ca n't stretch out in it . Even curled up , she completely fills up this bed . I bought it in hopes that she would sleep in it instead of trying to sleep on my bed . She seems to prefer the floor or rocking chair to this bed which she only uses for only small part of the night . Considering returning it .
 i bought this bag to transport my dog -LRB- 9.5 lbs -RRB- from Europe back to the US . We made it , but no thanks to this bag . it is very poorly designed for the ease of use by the owner and i think it 's rather unsafe for the animal.The handle it comes with is rather cheesy and flimsy . i dont know why it doesnt have a more sturdy , retractable handle on it like regular luggage.the four wheeels on it are not positioned exactly at the four corners and so it 's not amazingly sturdy or steady with the pet inside it . if your dog shifts in the box while it 's moving , or you take a corner , it falls over on its side . This is not a good thing when you are trying to get your pet through a busy airport and keep him as calm as possible.The wheels also do not have wheel locks , so when the plane takes off , the box rolls , and sometimes falls over then as well.I am very , very disappointed with this product and am going to try and return it for a refund . i wound up carrying the bag with the dog in it through the airports , which was not ideal and not what I had planned , but was much safer for the dog .
 Bought this for my 11 lb . cat to travel by air . It easily tips over while being pulled and is very heavy to carry -LRB- since I gave up on pulling it along -RRB- . It barely fit under the -LRB- American -RRB- airline seat without being squished a bit . I bought the medium size which is supposed to accomodate a pet up to 16 pounds . I would not recommend this carrier at all . Not worth the price . I would love to remove the wheels but have n't figured out how to do this .
 First time using this piece and the zipper on one of the compartments is broken . The duffle is on its way to Japan ' otherwise I would certainly be returning it . Certainly would not purchase anything by this manufacturer again
 This product did not meet my my expectations . If my dog 's weight was not evenly distributed , the bag did not roll . I would not recommend or by this product again . I was very disappointed
 I bought this for my 12 week old German Wirehaired Pointer puppy , thinking she had a little mouth so I should get her a little toy . She ripped it to shreds in days . Perhaps this toy in this size is for small breeds ?
 It came in a very thin Ziploc bag full of holes . A higher quality Ziploc bag would have held it together well , but this was the flimsiest thing I 've ever seen . . It made such a mess when I transferred it over into a jar . My dwarf hamster sniffed it and walked away . I left it there for a few days , but he never used it . I 'm giving it two stars because it probably works for other , larger animals .
 This stuff is just water ! Made absolutely no difference on my cat . She likes to sleep in the soil in my backyard , but hates baths . After using it , she smelled even worse -- like a wet , dirty cat . Skip it !
 When I saw this I thought `` I HAVE to get this for my hampster ! '' I have his cage in our living room and a play pen set up so I decided to put his own `` living set '' in the play pen . You know . . he sniffed around here and there but was n't all that into it . This might be great for dwarf hampsters but my hampster -LRB- siberian -RRB- was a bit too big for this and could n't really play around with this . Shame !
 There is absolutely no need for this set . May look cute , but my hamster does n't even like the couch as a bed like I thought she would . Oh well .
 I recently purchased this from my local Petco . We had been given the mini version -LRB- I think from the same brand -RRB- when my French Bulldog now 7 months old was 2 months old . That one held up fine until more recently when it started showing more and more bite marks when as she lost her baby and grew her adult teeth . So I tossed it and brought home the next larger size since she 's bigger . We had the larger size not a couple hours before she was literally removing whole chunks from the sides of the tire-the section near the writing and the hole in the middle . I do n't know if the manufacturing process changed , the pieces were n't fully melted together , or if the items just got cheaper , but this was her favorite toy and now I am worried about replacing it with yet another one that cost over $ 10 and lasted hours . She had pieces of it everywhere . I wrote down the website and contact info but never got around to contacting them for the issue . My husband threw it away the other day when the dog had snatched it from the hiding spot and he found her chewing on pieces again and then later throwing up . We should have just thrown it away the first day , but I thought they might want it back to see it or test it or something . I may try another brand , but this one is no longer good for us . Too dangerous and costly .
 My son just bought this last night at Petco for his 7 month old Boxer , within minutes of her getting it she was chewing pieces off . It is not tought like they say it is . There were small black pieces all over the floor . My son took the toy away and that night the poor thing vomited all night ... she was so sick it really scared us . I am contacting this company today to let them know . I do not recommend this toy at all .
 My dog chewed through this within the hour . I repeat , he did n't just bite pieces off , he chewed through the tire part .
 I was kind of shocked when I opened this to see how NOT sturdy it was . However , it is holding up to a very routy French Bully and my new Aussie Silky . They do drag it around , which I think is fun in itself . However , I do have one complaint
 This product is WAY overpriced . It also does n't hold up good at all . My shetland sheepdog bounced on top of it , and the two metal rods inside of it came out and poked him ! I have mine filled with puppy toys and it wo n't even stand upright . Complete waste of money !
 Beware ! This is one bone . One only . $ 39.25 for one bone ? I 'm at fault I guess . It says one bone , but I thought I was buying a pack . Who would have guessed that anyone would sell one bone for 39.25 - But they really * are * only selling one bone .
 my ridgeback loved to chew on this toy - after on trip in the dishwasher - but shredded big pieces out of it in less than 30 min.the only toy that has not been destroyed by her is her kong -LRB- black one -RRB- ...
 The picture makes it look like you get 4 or 5 treats ... NOPE ! You get only 1 dinky little treat for a whopping $ 9.16 . Seriously ????
 I have been buying these Redbarn bones for a year now and usually get them for under $ 2 a bone - when I saw a picture of multiple bones for $ 9 and change I thought I was getting a good deal and then I received ONE bone !!! I 'm really pissed right now and I 'm going to report them to Amazon .
 Called petco to find out how many items i was going to receive if i bought this item . The man on the phone took 10 min . to tell me nothing . So frustrating that i ended up hanging up on the man . Horrible customer service .
 This item works well with the smaller water bottles , but it is not big enough to hold the larger water bottles . Why would I put anything but the largest water bottle in this holder ?
 We received this toy as a gift yesterday . The packaging said , tough dog toy for a heavy biter . We have two English Bulldogs , so I gave them the toy . It did have an overwhelming scent , but I attributed it to the smell of the rubber as it says on the package it is `` all natural '' .1 / 2 hour after my dogs were playing , they started vomiting . They spent a little over an hour vomiting up the entire contents of their stomachs countless times and we ended up spending over 2 hours in vet emergency.We brought the toy with us as that was the only common thing they shared that was new.The doctor agreed the toy could have been the cause of the vomiting.She did state it had a strong chemical smell.Now , the packaging does say the toy is not to be ingested and my dogs did ingest -LRB- small -RRB- pieces of it ... because it 's a chew toy ... and that 's what chewing dogs do.It was recommended we call poison control and talk to them.After doing some research online , I have determined we were not the only ones to have this issue.I have written to the company asking them to contact me via phone or email and I 'm strongly suggesting they pull this product out of their product offerings.Please save yourself the heartache and headaches ... do not buy this toy .
 My poor year-old terrier tore pieces of this toy apart in a few minutes and ingested a few of the tiny fragments . A few hours later she vomited for half of the night - at least 12-14 times . Nothing else would have caused her to be sick - the toy was the only new addition to her nighttime routine . I emailed the company today about this product - it should be taken off the shelves . In no way should this chew toy be labeled safe and non-toxic !!!
 Brought this home for my dog , a whippet lab mix . Not really a heavy chewer , lol . Even still , hardly even two minutes later , this had a hole in it . I am not pleased at all . Plus , it smells horrible.Edit
 Most water bottles will NOT fit - I did n't bother returning it , just threw it away . money wasted .
 Everything with this toy was fine until my lab chewed little pieces off of it . A few hours after that she became very ill and threw up 3 times ! I started doing some research and saw that this is happening all over , so my advice is DO N'T BUY IT !
 I have an English Bulldog puppy . In one evening the dog chewed bits and pieces off the tire portion of this toy . This led to an entire evening of vomiting , not once , not twice but over 10 times . It was awful , my poor puppy was in serious distress . This product should be taking off the market . It is most definitely toxic if ingested .
 ... but not so nice in person . I ordered 3 of these and only one of them resembled the picture -LRB- the house part was kind of crooked but useable -RRB- . On the other two , the roofs do n't fit square on top of the house so that when you hang them , the ` door ' is not straight ahead . One was so bad that the door was facing nearly straight downward ; impossible for a bird to sit in . Perhaps this type of item is best purchased in person so that you can inspect the quality .
 This product has good ratings but my two dogs would not even look at them . I had to fool them into eating by breaking apart in their canned food .
 My 12 year old Golden Retriever did very well under a different brand . Unfortunatley my local pet store stopped carrying the brand so I switched to NutriVet Level 3 Advanced Care for Dogs for his daily maintenance dose . Over time my dog 's progress started to backslide . He got worse . I doubled the daily dose and he did improve , but not to the level under his previous brand . I just thought he was getting too old or his condition deteriorated beyond the help of supplements . I researched the issue and found an article about a ConsumerLab study on joint supplements for humans and dogs . The article stated that ConsumerLab 's analysis of Nutri-Vet 's Hip & Joint supplements hadn less than half the amount of glycosamine as stated on the lable , and less than one percent of the amount of chondroitin . I 've put my dog on human supplements and he 's improving rapidly .
 Just as the other reviews state this Toy is dangerous and falls apart VERY easily . I wish I had read these reviews before purchasing this . Literally less than 3 min of having this toy my 40 lb boxer puppy was breaking off little tiny peices of rubber and swallowing them . As soon as we saw the toy simply crumbling we grabbed it but it was too late . That night my pup was throwing up ALL NIGHT long little tiny pieces of rubber . This thing does not hold up under normal chewing so why its being advertised as a Strong , extra tough chew level is ridiculous and just dangerous , do NOT buy this one !
 I purchased this toy yesterday based on the awesome claims on the packaging , oh , the power of marketing and packaging design ! I got it at our local pet store and gave the toy to our 9-month-old Soft Coated Wheaten Terrier . He is not an aggressive or strong chewer , but within about 10 minutes I noticed he was spitting out chunks of rubber . I immediately took the toy away , but he had already ingested some . A short while later he vomited his entire meal and spent the rest of the night coughing and heaving . We were very worried that some had gone down his windpipe , but it seems the worst is over and he is acting much better now.I can not recommend this product for any dog no matter their `` chew level '' ; I have never been this disappointed in the quality of a dog toy or product . It is a huge safety hazard and I ca n't believe it made it through testing and is still on shelves . It just is n't durable at all.Based on another reviewer 's success with contacting Mammoth 's customer service , I have sent them an email . I am hoping their customer service is five star to make up for this one star product . I will update my review when I hear back from them .
 As with the other reviews I wish I had read the reviews here before buying . This supposedly durable chew-bone took less the 3 minutes for my 20lb doxle to get chunks breaking off the end and swallowing little bits ! I took it away from him immediately of course and fortunately he only managed to swallow a couple of very small pieces but a large chunk was nearly off and only missed being swallowed by a few seconds . BAD PRODUCT DO NOT BUY !! I wish I could give this negative stars !
 I wish we could rate this lower . We have a 1.5 year old basset hound , who is a destructive chewer . We bought this Tire Bone at Petco after searching for a durable chew toy for him , having spent way too much on toys that did n't last . I wish I could have read these reviews before taking this one home . Within 5 minutes , Gus had the the end of this shredded and there were tiny black rubber pieces all over the carpet - took forever to clean up ! Do NOT buy this for your dog if he is an aggressive chewer - you will regret it .
 Length :
 As others have stated , I wish I would have read these reviews before buying one of these . Our 90lb , 9 month old chocolate lab is an extreme chewer and can tear Kongs apart , so believing the packaging I thought this might be the answer . Within minutes the toy was in pieces . About 3 hours later the pup vomited , and continued to do so for an hour . I will never buy another TireBiter toy .
 Bought this toy yesterday -LRB- at a local store -RRB- . Gave it to my two dogs -LRB- 50 + lb and 25 lb -RRB- today , who took turns chasing after it . Not five minutes later , saw that they had chewed pieces of it off already and took it away . My dogs are extremely hard on toys and I 've never gotten mad at a dog toy manufacturer for not making toys sturdy enough , but this thing is dangerous . It sort of `` crumbles . '' There were little chunks missing from all over the surface , and they were n't jagged edges where my dogs had bit down and torn it off . Obviously I took it away immediately.Three hours later , the little dog started vomiting little black pieces of rubber . Since this is the only black toy they have , I know it 's from this toy -- not to mention that his vomit even had that tire rubber smell . After his stomach emptied -LRB- 3 vomits later -RRB- , his stomach is still rumbling loudly , and he 's laying in his crate ignoring 2 different treats that he usually gobbles up .
 Let the noxious smell be your warning . My cocker spaniel ripped this apart in an hour 's time and is now dreadfully ill . He vomited repeatedly and is afraid to drink water . I 'm going to have to hydrate him with Ringers sub-Q if he does n't snap out of it . I 'm dumbfounded this company has n't been sued into bankruptcy . 98 percent of reviews show dogs suffering the same exact symptoms after playing with it . Continuing to manufacture and sell it is unconscionable.The only reason I 'm giving it one star is because there 's no option for zero stars .
 This is a terribly dangerous product . Do NOT buy for your pet ! I have a 50 lb + 9-month old Am Staff who chewed bits of the ends off of this `` toy '' and he has been vomiting and not eating for 4 days . I have contacted the company and am waiting to hear back . I can not believe this product has not been recalled . I do n't believe it is non-toxic , it 's either not being tested properly or they are not being truthful about their product .
 First of all , the smell was terrible , my tire store smells better . The first and only night I will give these devices to my Brittany Spaniels they chewed the opening consuming pieces of the tire material and exposing the reinforcing fibers . I will only purchase the KONG brand of chew toy from now on .
 I bought this toy with the rope in the middle from a local store . Within five minutes my 70lbs Airedale had torn both ends off with chunks of rubber everywhere . He swallowed some of the rubber before I could take it away from him , but it was too late . He was sick for the next 18 hours vomiting and he was very lethargic . I will NEVER buy another TireBiter product ever again . Their packaging is very misleading making the buyer think it 's for a tough chewer . Stay away from TireBiter .
 One of the worst possible things you can buy . It is not tough at all and it can be pretty dangerous for your pet . A total waste of money .
 This looks like it ought to be as tough as a kong or other `` extreme '' chew toy , but it took my 50 lb dog less than a minute to chew a big chunk off the end .
 This looks like a great cage for any small rodent . The only problem is rabbits are not in the rodent family they are part of the Lagomorpha family , and wire bottom cages like this can cause problems in the rabbits feet -LRB- sore hocks etc -RRB- , so i am mainly rating this a 1 because it is called the `` Rabbit Resort '' a proper name would be the `` Rodent Resort '' i say rodent refering to any Rat , mouse or hamster . If you plan on having a rabbit check out -LSB- ... -RSB- for a great source of rabbit info
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 This bed does n't provide much support , and at 24 x 12 x 15 inches , is a quite small for my 11.5 lb . cockerpoo who ca n't stretch out in it . Even curled up , she completely fills up this bed . I bought it in hopes that she would sleep in it instead of trying to sleep on my bed . She seems to prefer the floor or rocking chair to this bed which she only uses for only small part of the night . Considering returning it .
 The price was good , the wheel is yellow and big enough for my large hamster . The wheel is not straight and I can not get it to straighten out so it runs wobbly , but the hamster does not seem to mind .
 Super loud , The dynamics of it are so odd creating a bouncing effect that create even more noise . other than that an okay wheel i guess .
 I recently purchased a cage for my two rats that had a large version of this wheel in it . I had to rush one of my pet rats to the vet yesterday afternoon , after hours , because as she was running it the wheel , her tail became caught in the metal where the wheel attaches to the frame . Needless to say , she is missing two toes , about an inch of her tail and her face is is completely traumatized on one side after trying to free her tail . We were not home when this happened.I would not recommend this product for use for rats , or any animal with a long tail . It is not safe !!!
 I live in a large house , and because my oldest daughter Karen -LRB- 14 -RRB- was slightly irritated by the dander of animals , Quinn 's hamster had to stay in the close by guesthouse . She had lately been sleeping in there with Chip -LRB- hamster -RRB- and had no problem with it , but one night we all decided to have a movie night in the small house . Suddenly , we heard this terrible screech , and at first we thought it was coming from the kitchen , but sure enough
 This wheel was only a little over $ 6.00 so at least I did n't waste too much on this purchase.But you know the saying , &#34; You get what you pay for . &#34; and I certainly did in this case.The steel is kind of thin and flimsey . My wheel was crooked when attatched to the wheel stand . I had to bend the stand bars a few times to try and get the wheel on straighter.The bars on both sides of the wheel worry me concerning my Hamster getting his foot or leg injured but he seems to be doing ok so far.On the brighter side , he is enjoying his runs on it.I will be purchasing a better quality wheel soon so will end up using this one as a spare .
 very poorly made . The wheel was n't even circular it was lopsided when i got it and in trying to straighten it out the welds on the metal easily came apart . Do not buy .
 I do n't own this particualr cage but my mesh wheel cut my hammy 's feet up and he always has a boo-boo : -LRB-
 this wheel is so noisey it sques so much also it cuts though its self as it is used because of a plastic covering i would not buy this product agnian
 While this product does what it should -LRB- keep the hay off the cage floor and out of the animal 's urine/feces -RRB- it is MUCH smaller than I had hoped . You have to refill it very frequently and once some hay has been eaten , the remaining hay falls out and is wasted . Perhaps if the back were solid instead of grated and the feeder actually larger , this product might be a better buy . The price of ~ 4 $ was reasonable for the product .
 I bought this wheel , in spite of the reviews saying it 's noisy , because the options for a Syrian hamster are limited . I needed a wheel of about 8 '' -LRB- the 6 1/4 '' wheel I had was too small and 12 '' wheels like the Silent Spinner are too big for my hamster 's cage -RRB- and I wanted a plastic one as wire-runged/mesh wheels can hurt hamsters ' feet.But this wheel is just awful . First , it wo n't clip to my hamster 's cage because the clip is too big for the 3/8 '' wire spacing . I read elsewhere that it wo n't even fit on 1/2 '' wire spacing , which is ridiculous given that smaller rodents can escape through larger-spaced bars . I 'm therefore forced to use the stand , which moves around somewhat as my hamster runs.The larger problem , however , is that this wheel is almost unbelievably noisy . It 's hard to describe how loud it is , but in the dark quiet of night it 's something comparable to a freight train . I tried putting a hair tie between the wheel and the top of the stand/bar clip , but with little positive effect . Tonight I 'm going to try another hair tie on top of the current one , zip-tying the stand to the bars , snapping off the useless bar clip to stop it banging against the cage bars , and putting tissue paper between the wheel and the axel . I 'm giving the wheel 2 stars -LRB- rather than 1 -RRB- because , from what I 've read , this is likely to solve the noise problems . However , all of these rememdies are going to be irritating to remove and redo every week when I clean the cage and wheel , plus I do n't feel I should have to extensively modify a product that I 've paid for.In sum , this wheel is very poorly designed . If my home fixes do n't work , I 'll be forced to buy the Wodent Wheel . -LRB- Unfortunately , that wheel has its own issues that prevented me buying it in the first place
 This is the perfect size wheel for my hamster , but the first wheel broke after 3 months , and the second one broke after three DAYS . In the market for another one now . .
 I bought one of these for my syrian hamster , and there is something not right about it . The thing was hard for my hamster to turn , and would often get stuck on itself to the point where the hamster could not move it at all . When he could get it to move , it was loud and wobbly . I 've since ordered a different kind of wheel -LRB- Super Pet Hamster Silent Spinner 6-1/2 - Inch Regular Exercise Wheel , which I 've had before , and not had a problem with -RRB- , but for now , for him to have something to run in , I had to file down the plastic post that the wheel sits on to loosen it up for him .
 This is described as a `` quiet '' wheel , but it is by far the loudest wheel we 've ever had . On the plus side , if you can stand the noise , the size is perfect for a Syrian - most hamster wheels are too small .
 This wheel is NOT whisper quiet . I just purchased it this afternoon and right now I am listening to it turn while 2 of my children are complaining about not being able to fall asleep because they can here it . It is better than the metal wheel the cage came with . I was putting WD-40 on it every other night to try and quiet the squeaking . I am returning the `` Comfort Wheel '' to the store tomorrow .
 My hedgehog wakes the whole family at night . It 's ridiculously loud and she even has her own room now . I put weights to hold it down in place and lots of foam to keep it from shaking and it 's still deafeningly loud . I can hear it through my earbuds at night clearly . No clue what else to buy .
 My gliders can only run about 2-3 rotations in this before being thrown out of it . It is extremely loud as well as unstable -- we have to bolt it multiple times in the cage or else it moves about 1-2 inches with each rotation . This wheel is also difficult to clean if your pet poops a lot , which sugar gliders do . After forking over the arm and leg for the stealth wheel we saw the difference between the two . It 's like night and day ; you get what you pay for . This wheel is now on its side in the cage and is serving as a `` kitchen '' area where the food and water dishes reside .
 Oh , great . I just wasted 10 dollars ... :-LRB- It 's wobbly , does n't turn well , and it 's everything but quiet . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY . Your little buddy deserves something better .
 I bought it for my cousins hamsters and it would not spin . They tried to shave some of the plastic off and it was still a no go .
 Poorly designed wheel . We have a very good silent wheel , but it 's too small for our hamster . Moved up to the 8-inch Comfort Exercise wheel and found it a poor choice . The hamster does like and use it , but it 's dreary from our point of view . The wheel is quite noisy and wobbles wildly when in use . We can hear it at night in our bedroom at the opposite end of the house . Though safe for the hamster because of the solid wheel , it has a cheap feel and does not revolve smoothly on its axle . The noise comes from both the wheel wobbling on the axle and from the entire contraption twisting and bouncing about as the hamster gets his workout . The packaging says the wheel can be suspended on the cage , but the ` key ' that is supposed to secure it to the cage does not fit through our cage 's frame . Even if it did , the noise level would remain high because of the wobble on the axle . After three days of use , we 're looking for a replacement .
 My hamster sat on this trying to get it to turn . I even had a hard time myself turning it . Save your money . DID read one of the other reviews with the same problem . But i was out weighting the positives to negatives . Just save your money . I personally recommended going to a pet store and physically checking them out yourself .
 I bought the large wheel for my hedgehog who wo n't even touch it . I thought it was because she 's lazy , but I `` ran '' my fingers on the wheel to determine the ease in spinning . It was sticking , hard to move and did not spin fluidly at all . I can see why my hedgehog wo n't go on it . The only plus is that it is solid so her feet would not theoretically get stuck and it fits perfectly in the cage . None of that matters if the wheel does n't move .
 A quiet hamster wheel does not exist ! This wheel is NOT quiet . I need to move the hamster out of my daughters bedroom at night so she can sleep .
 Super noisey - Cheaply made -LRB- not calibrated at all it moves in a wobbly circle and even cooking sray cant quiet this thing . The hamster likes to run at night but it is so noisey I have to turn it over till the morning . I would only recommend if you have a pet room far from your bedroom or spend more for better quaility
 Our teddy bear hamster is too big for most wheels , and unfortunately this appears to be the only one that 's big enough for her . I say unfortunately because it 's a complete piece of junk . It wobbles , it is unbelievably loud -LRB- so loud that I can hear it two floors below my bedroom at night -RRB- , and it broke within a few months . It would be hard to exaggerate just how terrible this thing is .
 i ordered a large wheel , and recieved a small wheel . so i will keep it until my hedgehog is no longer small enough to use !
 Very cheap plastic and construction and very noisy . Seems like the more my hamster runs , the more it rattles and the wobblier it gets . I wish this was as nice quality as some of the other wheels this company makes .
 I bought this item because i thought it had a solid set of good reviews . I was wrong I must have made a mistake and bought the wrong item . Even for only $ 8.61 this thing is a complete waste of money . It does not spin well , plastic on plastic , and the stand is horribly flimsy and wobbles . POS for sure and just a warning to you other customers .
 I do n't like this product for 3 reasons ... # 1 . Product too loud when the Degus are running on it . # 2 . There is NO way to screw the wheel in the wire cage so that the wheel will not slide when they are running . # 3 . The wheel is a `` Chewable '' plastic that the Degus are able to chew on ... No Good.Sincerely , Amy , `` Comfort Wheel '' customer
 We 're using the 12 inch version . The wheel wobbles a bit and had to be both screwed into the cage wall AND needed the stand underneath to keep it reasonable stable . . And it still wobbles . There 's nothing `` whisper quiet '' about it , its pretty loud , not as bad as metal wheels , but pretty close . It 's also very difficult to detach for cleaning . The only good thing about it is how much my little hedgie loves it . . All night long , on that loud wheel .
 I bought this for my adult sugar glider and it was a complete waste of money . First of all , it will not fit the bars on the cage so I ca n't attach it to the side like I had planned to . It is completely unusable on the stand it came with unless you can find a way to securely anchor it to the bottom of the cage . Every time my glider tried to use it the thing would wobble and scoot around until my glider got thrown out , making it impossible to run in . It is also incredibly difficult to spin , for a pet wheel . My glider can actually climb up and sit on top of it , and the thing does n't even turn or throw him off .
 We 've owned several wheels and this one by far is the loudest . It 's so distracting that we had to move Zoe out of the TV room .
 i bought this for my hamster because her original one was too small , yes this is a big wheel but the quality of this was not great , theres no twist on the back to attach to your cage so i had to pull thing together so itd stay , then its very hard to turn so my hamster did not get the hang of it , so i got rid of it . i am not very happy
 I bought this because everyone says it was this great wheel , but the wheel I got does not spin very easily and my little hamster ca n't run on it he just sit in it . waste of my money .
 Have used this product for years with great success ; HOWEVER , buy Miracle-Gro Water Storing Crystals and make your own . Exact same active ingredient minus the Ca and other minerals but your herp 's diet should be taking care of this or you can dust with supplements . You will cry when you see how cheap it is to make your own .
 I had high hopes for this product . Giving the crickets something to drink without the drowning aspect is good in theory . Unfortunately my crickets avoided this stuff like the plague . It would just sit in the cage slowly shrinking as the moisture evaporated and it would become a little hard stone that I would just have to throw away . Waste of money .
 No instructions on what to do with it ; wooden holder stained with colour that comes off on your hands , filled with birdseed stuck together with who-knows-what . Skip this one .
 Have used this product for years with great success ; HOWEVER , buy Miracle-Gro Water Storing Crystals and make your own . Exact same active ingredient minus the Ca and other minerals but your herp 's diet should be taking care of this or you can dust with supplements . You will cry when you see how cheap it is to make your own .
 I was very surprised that so many people gave this wheel a positive review . Of all the wheels I have owned , and that is many , this is by far the worst yet . First off , the wheel is full of harsh edges and corners that I am not entirely comfortable with my animal running in . The wheel sort of just sits on the rack , with no kind of clicking , screwing , or attachment.My wheel came bent , and while I could blame the seller for the broken wheel , I also have to nod to the incredibly poor workmanship that is the wheel . The entire side of the wheel was `` crushed in '' . As I tried to bend it back , I could feel the strain and how easy this will break with just a bending or two.I am not sure what everyone else uses this wheel for , but I have owned chinchilla 's and I do not see this working for any but perhaps baby chinchilla 's . It is all metal , which chinchilla 's will need due to their tendency to chew everything , but this still would n't be the preferred wheel for them.The only species I think this wheel would work well for are rats . So if you have a rat , then this might be a decent wheel for them.However , it is a cheap wheel , and I am considering returning it , because frankly , it arrived bent badly . I had to bend it alot just to get the wheel to fit on the spokes , which , as I said , offer no kind of attachment , so the wheel kind of just sits on spokes . The aggressive running of a chinchilla I could easily see ripping the wheel right off the spokes , since there is nothing keeping it on anyway .
 my pet chinchillas love to run on the wheels we have but the problem is these wheels are not made well . the metal breaks and hurts the chinchillas so owners MUST KEEP CHECKING to make sure chinchillas are not HURTING .
 This item is a big no no for guinea pigs . Guinea pigs can injure themselves in the wheel by constantly having their back arched . The same goes for those giant hamster balls people try to put them in . If you have a huge hamster this is great but do n't use it for your guinea pigs .
 I really wanted one that was not mesh , but got mesh anyways . Very disappointed .
 The wheel is advertised as being safe for chinchillas , which I find to be a bit cruel . The way a chinchillas hands and feet are built , it is extremely easy for their claws to get stick in the mesh pattern of this wheel . If this happens and the injury is not caught in time , it could lead to serious issues , such as amputation of the leg that was damage . Furthermore , the wheel has side spokes -LRB- The bars that go across the middle on either side . -RRB- Chinchillas like to run , then jump out of the wheel , and because of this behavior it is very dangerous to use a wheel with side spokes , as their tails could get caught in it.If you 're getting this product for a rat or mouse , it 's safer , but I still would n't fully trust it . I advise finding a wheel that 's solid , and has no spokes on the side . Sometimes safety is more important than frugality .
 I purcahsed this wheel thinking it was an inexpensive wheel that would be large enough for my two chins to runs on . Nope.They can run on it but the wheel is not large enough in diameter to allow a comfortable curve of the spine while running . Also the wire arms that connect to the middle of the wheel for support have blunt edges and scrape against the chin 's back/sides while they are running , causing cuts and abrasions.I have since purchased a stainless steel `` Flying Saucer '' -LRB- do n't waste your time or money on the plastic type either ! -RRB- and I abosultely love it and so do my chins!Though spendy - mine was about $ 80 dollars with shipping - the flying saucer is totally worth it . Amazon does not sell this exercise wheel , but a internet search for `` chinchilla flying saucer '' will bring up multiple sites in which to order from.I would not buy anything else , it 's safe and does n't cause any abnormal , uncomfortable curve of the spine and also is n't made of wire mesh which can catch and hurt pads and little toes . I can not express enough please do not buy for your Chins -LRB- or any large rodent -RRB- . Hope this helps .
 I bought one of these for my chinchilla and my poor little boy pinched his tail in it and it tore the fur off of his tail !!
 The toy has been in my dog 's `` hands '' for 10 minutes ... The paint is already gone , having peeled right off of this `` Tough Tube , '' and now my dog has just torn a hole in the toy . That works out to about a dollar minute . Need I say more ??? I 'll be complaining to the manufacturer as well.Amazon should really have a zero star option because this toy qualifies .
 this is a terrible toy I had to throw it out the first day . The paint peals right off of it . It like a latex paint that does n't adhear to the canvas under it . It just came off in many pieces.I would not suggest this for any dog . What a waste and health hazard .
 These are really bright lights , but not very durable or dependable . My dogs run off leash at night and play pretty rough . They are constanly turning off the lights , which have pretty sensitive switches apparently . They almost never stay `` on '' for an entire walk , so I am constantly having to turn them on again . I have resorted to unscrewing them to turn them off , since there have been many times that I turn them off when I get home , put them away , and find them blinking away a few hours later.They are probably fine if you have a mellow dog that goes on leash walks around the neighborhood , but not if your dog likes to run.Bottom line , good light , terrible switch mechanism .
 I thought that this would be a great toy for my Springer Spaniel , who loves frisbees . However , after the first day , he managed to completely chew it apart .
 Within 10 minutes of receiving the frisbee my dog destroyed it - I have a Lab . I threw it to him a couple of times and he chewed right through it . I panicked because I could n't find a big chunk of it in my yard and I was terrified that he swallowed it . This should not be advertised as a durable and tough toy , or at least it should be revised for bigger dogs . I called the company and they were great , told me to send it back for a full refund . For non-chewers and not so active dogs it 's probably good , it just did n't work for me .
 If you only have one dog and you buy this flyer , then it 's probably o.k. . . although it 's not unlike throwing a piece of rubberized lead . However , if you have TWO dogs that like to compete in returning the flyer , ... Fuhgettaboutit . I threw this flyer out in the yard and it lasted 15 minutes , . . tops . When I got it back after five or six tosses it came back with a 2 inch rip on the inside edge of the tire . Bummer . I 'm sorry to say its just more money wasted . We have tried so many frisbees and flyers and Nikita , our Australian Sheepdog and Sophie , the Whippet-terrier mix shred tham all . I am praying for a frisbee made of Kevlar . Meanwhile ... the search goes on for a really tough frisbee . Aloha ! -LRB- p.s Maybe Mammoth might consider putting steel belting in their tires -RRB-
 Nice concept . The dogs just hate the bed and wo n't go anywhere near it . I think its the smell Have tried putting blankets and stuff over top but to no avail .
 I was very disappointed in this pet bed . It was very flat and flimsy and did not really fit in our dog crate . Our dog only slept on this about a week before I got rid of it .
 I have gone through many dog beds and I was hoping this would be the one that would last . Unfortunately it was n't . I have an eighteen month old English Pointer that loves to chew everything , especially her bed while she 's in her crate at night . This bed appears to be made well and if your dog does n't chew on beds this would be a good choice . It fit perfect in her crate and for the short time that it was in one piece , my dog snuggled up in it very comfortably . -LRB- I bought it for much less somewhere else -RRB-
 for the price I paid , I should have gotten the dog gone smart brand , this was not as plush as the pic shows , after a couple of months its flat already ...
 The dimensions are correct but it is very thin . It is about the same thickness -LRB- padding -RRB- as a thin down comforter . This is more of a topper than a bed .
 Do n't waste your money if you are looking for something plush . This is more like a mat . We had to purchase something else with more cushion .
 I was very disappointed in this pet bed . It was very flat and flimsy and did not really fit in our dog crate . Our dog only slept on this about a week before I got rid of it .
 I have gone through many dog beds and I was hoping this would be the one that would last . Unfortunately it was n't . I have an eighteen month old English Pointer that loves to chew everything , especially her bed while she 's in her crate at night . This bed appears to be made well and if your dog does n't chew on beds this would be a good choice . It fit perfect in her crate and for the short time that it was in one piece , my dog snuggled up in it very comfortably . -LRB- I bought it for much less somewhere else -RRB-
 for the price I paid , I should have gotten the dog gone smart brand , this was not as plush as the pic shows , after a couple of months its flat already ...
 The dimensions are correct but it is very thin . It is about the same thickness -LRB- padding -RRB- as a thin down comforter . This is more of a topper than a bed .
 Do n't waste your money if you are looking for something plush . This is more like a mat . We had to purchase something else with more cushion .
 Do n't waste your money if you are looking for something plush . This is more like a mat . We had to purchase something else with more cushion .
 for the price I paid , I should have gotten the dog gone smart brand , this was not as plush as the pic shows , after a couple of months its flat already ...
 The dimensions are correct but it is very thin . It is about the same thickness -LRB- padding -RRB- as a thin down comforter . This is more of a topper than a bed .
 I have gone through many dog beds and I was hoping this would be the one that would last . Unfortunately it was n't . I have an eighteen month old English Pointer that loves to chew everything , especially her bed while she 's in her crate at night . This bed appears to be made well and if your dog does n't chew on beds this would be a good choice . It fit perfect in her crate and for the short time that it was in one piece , my dog snuggled up in it very comfortably . -LRB- I bought it for much less somewhere else -RRB-
 I was very disappointed in this pet bed . It was very flat and flimsy and did not really fit in our dog crate . Our dog only slept on this about a week before I got rid of it .
 I have a bichon / cav king mix and a another poodle / spaniel mix . Their coats would be dry between baths with deep conditioner . So , I tried this to spritz them up between washes during the winter . I was really excited to try this product and had high hopes after reading other reviews . Unfortunately , I did n't have the same success . Perhaps it 's more `` coat specific '' according to breed and hair structure ? Worth the try though if it works for your breeds .
 I do not recommend this light . It did not last but eight weeks . There are other lights available on the market that last longer .
 Compact/coiled UVB bulbs are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles . Photo-kerato-conjunctivitis . They also have problems maintaining UVB out put over time . Do some research online to confirm . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have a mini chihuahua who weighs about 3-4 pounds . I bought the small size in this pet carrier , and it 's too small even for my tiny dog . He actually fits in the carrier the right way , but it does n't provide any support , so he hangs off the front of my chest with his front feet sticking out , looking like he 's about to fall out of the carrier . Because his back legs are also sticking out and ca n't support him , he slumps over to the side , which ca n't be good for his back ! Bottom line , this carrier does n't feel safe and is definitely not comfortable for the dog . He hates it . If it were n't such a hassle to return , I 'd get a refund .
 I purchased the airbed for my 18 pound dog . He has slept with me in at least three Areo Air mattresses for 8 years and I have never had an issue of his paws going through the mattress . The dog airbed seeped air and was flat by the time I arrived home from work , 10 hours later . So I returned it . I want a maintenance free bed ; not a bed that I have to tend to every day . Someone said it was just a bad air mattress . I was relutant , but puchased anyway and wished I had not as it was worse than the first one . I was told to call the service department with Coleman to see if there is a trick to making the air stay in the airbed . Nothing helped ; I received a refund for both air beds .
 I have labradors and cavaliers and none of them liked this bed . Fabric although weather resistant is not inviting and padding is lumpy . I eventually gave it away .
 This bed is attractive , and apparently comfortable , since our picky dog loved it . But four washings into its short life , the stitching came out around the center section , dumping large amounts of stuffing into the dryer . We followed the care instructions and washed it only in commercial-sized washers without agitators and tumble dried it on low . It fell apart at our dry cleaner -- we got tired of waiting the five hours the bed takes to dry on low at the laundromat , another big drawback of a bed without a removable cover . She repaired it for free -LRB- no small task -RRB- , but we are n't allowed to bring it back.I guess it was nice while it lasted , but I expected that something claiming to be `` machine washable '' and `` made of the finest materials available '' would survive more than four trips through the wash . Between the purchase price , shipping , and the cost of washing the thing over its brief stay in our home -LRB- about $ 130 in total -RRB- , I 've learned my lesson . I 'm never buying another bed that requires a commercial washer/dryer and that you wash the whole bed . The cost and trouble for something that fell apart quickly was ridiculous . Our dog 's next bed will have a removable corner we can wash at home .
 I recently purchased this item as a Christmas present for my 28 lb Cocker Spaniel as was very disappointed . Why the fabric is a decent quality the padding is almost non-existent . My dog like to sleep like the Lab in the picture but the padding in the donut part again is so soft and of little his chin sits in the ground . The picture is very deceiving and makes the bed look a lot nicer than it really is . I purchased the bed because the company 's track record however I emailed them about returning the product a week ago -LRB- 12/29 -RRB- and no response . There price was only $ 5 cheaper than similar beds from Lands End , Ovris , LL Bean , or Dr. Foster and Smith . I have since replaced his bed with a much nicer one from one of the company 's listed above . Bottom line do n't waste your money .
 1 -RRB- Leave a massively strong smell . If it 's irritating me as a human , I can only imagine how bad it must be for super-smell cats . My cat was whining a bit an hour after using these wipes , and the only thing that could be wrong is the smell .2 -RRB- Did n't really remove any dirt . Totally misses the undercoat .3 -RRB- Leaves a residue . My cat did n't feel soft but felt sort of greasy.I ended up giving my cat a nice bath to get the smell and grime off him . Lots of dirt went down the drain and my cat ended up super soft , and a lighter shade of grey .
 As a treat to our 2 year old ACD mix , we bought this bone for her . She loves her nylabone durachew -LRB- much to my dismay -RRB- and we were aware that this one was actually edible before we bought it . We do n't often give her treats like this , and she really seemed to love it . So much so , in fact , that the entire thing was nearly gone within 10 minutes ... . and we purchased the largest one - the one with the first on the end since our dog is 50 + lbs.I had a bad feeling about it , and a few hours later , it was confirmed . My dog started gagging and then vomitted . She ate it at about 4pm and got sick around 10pm . Slept through the night , although she woke me up a few times , and was still licking her mouth and gagging the next morning . I do n't know if it 's because the bone is really rich and she 's not used to it , but I would n't recommend it unless it 's a product you and your dog are already familiar with as it was our experience that it made our dog ill.If you do purchase this product , definitely make sure you watch your dog with it - if they 're eating it too fast , consider taking it away so they do n't devour the entire thing in 10 minutes like ours did .
 This bone is nothing more than a very expensive dog biscuit . My dog consumed the entire thing in less than 20 minutes . He really enjoyed it , but there is no way I 'm going to buy another one . There are a lot of more durable bones that cost the same or less than this one . I do not recommend it at all.My dog loves Nybone products . All the other ones seem to last a long time . I guess this `` Edible '' line is just made for eating and not chewing . In my opinion , the price is way too high for what you get . I highly recommend other Nybone products , but steer clear of this one .
 I purchased this nylabone for my 4 month old teething puppy . I figured she 'd enjoy a tasty chew toy . She 's quite the chewer so I was thinking the bone would last a day or two at best . However that was wishful thinking ! In less than 20 minutes , she had consumed all of it but the bulky end -LRB- which we threw away -RRB- . We could n't believe how quickly she chewed it up ! Definitely not worth the $ 8 .
 Warning to other dog owners
 I bought this product for my 9 month-old , 30lb puggle . She is a crazy chewer so I figured it would keep her busy for at least a few hours.After 5 minutes , she had chewed a few tiny chunks off of one end . After 10 minutes , maybe half an inch max was missing from the same end.After 15 minutes , 90 % of the bone was gone . I do n't know what happened but she must have figured out a way around the chewing . For the next 24 hours she was obviously in discomfort as her body passed the chew , and she drove us crazy acting out because of it.This product is nothing more than a really expensive dog biscuit . DO NOT BUY if your dog is an intense chewer . Light chewers may be able to make it last , but honestly I would n't risk your dog 's health . Stick to original nylabones .
 My German Shepherd is incredibly picky when it comes to treats ... So I was incredibly excited that he was finally happy about a toy I had given him.I , however , was not happy that it only took him 8 minutes to eat the entire thing.I was also not happy when he puked the entire thing up -LRB- and his dinner -RRB- 12 hours later at 4AM ... Customer reviews are pretty consistent that this product is too expensive for what it is , and is making the dogs sick.I would never recommend this product to anyone , and will be informing my fellow dog rescue colleagues never to buy this product .
 I was under the impression when I bought this at our local pet supply store -LRB- based on salesperson 's advice -RRB- that this bone , while edible , would take several days of working on to be consumed . Great . It 's a little pricey , but I have a teething 5 month old puppy who has recently been spayed ; she ca n't get her regular course of exercise so I bought this as a nice treat to help keep her occupied in her restless state . I took it away from her -LRB- mad dog ! -RRB- after 45 minutes . Just one end was left . I had bought her the largest `` souper '' size . After reading the other reviews , I count myself lucky that she got that much time out of it . Yes it 's a `` treat '' , but at $ 6 , it 's a treat I can not afford to give her very often . Health wise it 's not a treat I could make a habit of feeding often ; I feel I have to give my puppy less dinner tonight to make up for the large amount of calories she just wolfed down . I hope that it does n't make her sick as it did another reviewer 's dog . I could take her kong , put a spoonful of kibble in it , break up a slice of cheese and shove it in there , stick the whole thing in the microwave for a few seconds to get the cheese melty , let it cool down , and THAT will take her a good 15 minutes to manage to get out . All for a LOT less money . That said , I give it 0 stars for value , 5 for `` my dog loved it '' . It gets a 2 overall from me and I probably would not buy again , nor would I recommend to a friend .
 I wish I had read the other two reviews here . I picked this up at a local store for about 6 bucks . My dog just ate half of it in 5 minutes and would be done with it now if I had not taken it away . And he is only 5 months old ... so an older bigger dog could destroy this even quicker . I ca n't believe they actually sell these ... at that price at least . He absolutely loved it and is quite mad I took it away ... but not worth the money .
 As the initial reviewer stated , the biggest issue with this product is its durability , or lack thereof.With the Nylabone brand name on it and a price approaching $ 10 you might be under the impression that this will last quite awhile . I timed how long it took my dog to eat the largest one they make -LRB- the one shaped like a fist -RRB- . It took him 11 minutes to leisurely eat and about 2 minutes to ` clean up ' the mess . If he were actually hungry he probably could have done it a few minutes faster . So , almost a dollar a minute for this product when viewed as an entertainment/chew toy product . It 's possible to get them for about half price from some of the amazon vendors but this only makes sense when buying large quantities due to the expense of shipping on small orders from them.I was hoping this might last awhile and be better for him than the ` plastic ' Nylabone products which exit the dog in solid chunks -LRB- eww ! -RRB- . My dog thoroughly enjoyed this but at these prices I ca n't justify it .
 I do NOT recommend these . My six month old Golden Retriever , who is not a strong chewer , devoured this in less than five minutes . It is a very expensive treat and I 'm just hoping we do n't have to pay a vet bill on top of the price of the Edible Nylabone . I will never buy these again !!!
 Fed to dog and she got violently sick and vomited the whole this up after eating it . Do n't buy this product if you love your pet !! Nylabone Healthy Edibles Bone , Roast Beef Flavored with Vitamins , Regular Size , Triple Pack
 Our black lab devoured this thing in 10 minutes , and at $ 6 a pop , that 's way too much money for a dog treat . Do n't bother getting this .
 I paid $ 7.99 for the colossal sized one I got my Great Pyrenees puppy . In less than 7 minutes she had eaten the entire thing . I can not afford to entertain my dog for more than $ 1 a minute . She loved it , but I will not purchase this product again . My girl is actually very gentle with her toys too . At 11 months old , she has yet to destroy a single one of her stuffed toys . If it 's an edible chew toy though , I 've found nothing that can stand up to her jaws .
 This bone is nothing more than a big dog treat . I have a 2 yr old Pit who ate through the souper in 5 minutes . After reading other reviews I took it away from him and will save the rest for a later date . I was hoping for a bone that would last a little bit longer as a chew toy and not just be eaten like a treat . Will not be buying this again .
 Our 14 lb Mini Schnauzer easily started splintering this bone in a matter of minutes and being an ` ever hungry ' dog he just swallowed these pieces . Seeing this I took the bone away after he ate about a third of it . Less than 24 hrs later when it was time for his breakfast at 7:30 AM -LRB- his standard time -RRB- he refused to eat ! This was the first time he ever refused to break his overnight fast !! But after a few minutes the hunger must have gotten the better of him ; he gave in and ate almost all of it -LRB- usually he cleans up his little bowl -RRB- and about an hour later he threw up all of it in FOUR rounds of puking!I could see small , softened yet still relatively firm pieces of this Healthy Edible `` bone '' in his vomit . What a shame I went for this thinking it would be a great alternative to feeding my dog indigestible nylon .
 My puppy is teething so I had previously purchased the original Nylabone made out of flavored plastic . The dog loved it , not super excited about the regular bone but she did put a lot of work into destroying it . When she finally finished the original plastic bone I decided to go back to the store and grab some more . I was looking around and came across these , `` natural , '' flavored bones and thought ... `` SWEET !!! Same great bone but easier to digest ! '' How wrong I was . First off this is NOTHING like the plastic teething bones . They crumble easily ... and by easily I mean my 3.5 month old Wheaten Terrier destroyed these in less than 30min , and she 's only about 15 pounds right now . They are recommended for dogs 6 months + with pretty much a full set of permanent teeth because they can shred the bone more easily and to a finer debris . For my dog this was BS ... she destroyed these into tiny little flakes that can be easily digested AND managed to get them all over her underbelly and tangled in her fur . The mess was n't an issue . . the durability was . This is basically an expensive treat , I much rather give her bullysticks over this as a treat -LRB- and they last longer -RRB- . If your dog is teething , this is def NOT the Nylabone version you want . Stick to the original plastic flavored bones or frozen towels . Both work great .
 The stroller itself is fantastic but the two zippers that close in your pet are made of very low quality plastic . The zipper tracks are wavy , thus causing the zippers to get stuck , then eventually they will break off .
 to be very well built until one assembles the wheels . I do not want the hassle of returning item but the quality of the wheels are cheap , cheap , cheap . For the money spent this should have heavy duty wheels . I have no other complaints about the pet stroller but how can you go so cheap on the wheels when they are the part hitting the rough concrete . Shame on you . You probably figure most people will not return item because it is so bulky ; you are right in my case but I will remember not to purchase anything that comes from Outward Hound again for fear of it not being good quality . If you are just the seller and not the manufacturer , please forward my scathing opinion to the manufacturer . Buyer beware .
 It works ok as a pet door . If you had a very slow feeble dog it might last longer . Any wind over ~ 10mph will hold the door open as the magnetic latch will not reliably catch after a pet goes through.I have purchased three , the last one of these doors just gave up , after about 10 months use by our four dogs . The first one that we purchased was several -LRB- about 7 years -RRB- ago . It lasted nearly five years with continuous heavy use by three very active terriers . The hinge pivots finally wore out and let the door jam against the frame . I noticed that the replacement -LRB- same staywell model -RRB- was much lighter and of different design . The new design lasts about 6 to 10 months . If this was a $ 15 product , this would be acceptable , at $ 40 to $ 50 it is not.Find different manufacturer .
 The entire inside was missing . I just got the outer shell unfortunately it can not be used as is.Not happy .
 This product is composed of two types of ropes
 Camo likes this one . I ca n't really play with him with it though . The braids are a bit too short for both of us to hold on to it .
 Dog liked this alright but it immediately started to come apart . It 's just not a sturdy toy . Maybe I got a bad one , but I could tell this was n't going to last long as soon as I opened it up . If you want a rope toy , find something else .
 We have a 1 year old Chihuahua that loves to rip her toys apart ... especially if it makes some kind of a sound.This toy is pretty boring , but it is very strong and she likes to play tug for a few minutes before she decides to bring another toy.The problem with this is mostly the combination of knots and the type of sturdy cloth that make it very hard -LRB- also slightly heavy -RRB- and could become dangerous -LRB- for the dog -RRB- if they decide to swing it aroundSo if you have a very small breed you should just get another squeaky toy . Just not that `` Ethical Plush Skinneeez Monkey '' crap that breaks after 5 minutes : Ethical Plush Skinneeez Monkey Ast 16-Inch Stuffingless Dog Toy
 This is such a cute toy . I was so excited to give it to our 9 month old lhasa . However , she was able to undo the knotts at the end of the cloth tie offs and the ones that are from a lot of strings tied together , she would pull on these until they were a mess and I kept cutting off all the loose strings . She would also choke on the strings if they broke off while chewing on it . Finally , it had three handles on it where she was pulling the center apart . Mind you , she only weighs 10 lbs . It 's really not a good toy for a puppy , at least not mind . The idea looks good but they apparently did n't test this one !
 I got this toy for my dog because it was supposed to be indestructible and fun to play with . My dog immediately fell in love with it and played fetch with it . Right after I gave it to her I put her in the car and drove to my parents house . She killed the toy before I even got to their house which is about an hour and a half drive . She managed to undo every one of the knots on the rope legs and they were all frayed . She also ripped into some of the fabric legs and ate the stuffing . This was an expensive toy for her to only be able to use it for an hour . She was only sitting in the car so it 's not like she was running around wrestling with it . I am disappointed in this toy and wish that it would have lasted longer .
 The toy looks good , puppy liked it , but it did n't last long . The rope part is great , but the fabric has stuffing in it , and before long , the puppy has stuffing in her mouth . If you go for this toy , suggest good supervision .
 I was initially excited about this toy . Our dog loves all things rope and fabric , and I expected it to be fairly durable . He managed to rip the toy to pieces in a matter of minutes , and there was a lot of batting that he could have ingested if I had n't been watching him closely .
 My 14 week old lab/boxer puppy loves this thing . Unfortunately she 's only had it for about 5 days and it 's already starting to come apart . She 's untied all of the rope knots , and chewed off some of the soft ends and got to the stuffing . I do n't think it will last more than a couple more weeks . If your dog is a chewer , I would look for something more durable .
 Within 5 minutes the strings started coming apart from the ball . We were watching the dog play with it and he was not being abusive to it . We had to take it away after 5 minutes . This was a cute toy and looked good in the ad but is smaller than it appears to be.It would only be good for a very small dog who would be very gentle .
 My dog , a one year old border collie mix , is pretty rough on toys . I expected this toy to last about a month , based on others ' reviews and the fact that he has another toy from this company which is on its sixth month . This toy was in the beginning stages of destruction within minutes , and was completely demolished in a few short hours . For almost $ 11 , I expected more .
 This was a toy purchased for my Boston Terrier puppy . He enjoys chewing on toys , however , does n't typically chew through a toy or rip it to shreds . Not good quality . The rope pieces kept coming undone and were n't tied together very well . After a day of chewing it was ripped to shreds . The coloring on the rope ball is fading after one day and looks as if we 've had it forever . I would n't purchase this toy again and wish I would n't have spent the money on it in the first place .
 Smaller than I expected . My 60lbs Spanador ripped the soft toy part in one bite . The rope part is o.k.
 My teacup Maltese destroyed in one day . Did not last at all . Cute but not sturdy enough for even a little dog .
 I ordered this along with some other toys for my eight 5 week old puppies I am raising . I thought that they would tug on the handles the way they play tug ` o'war with everything else . However , so far I have not seen them do much more than chew on it or carry it around . Maybe in a few weeks they will use it but so far it is just sitting in their puppy den collecting dust .
 I bought this for my Boxers , thinking it would be about the size of a softball or a canteloupe . It is actually about tennis ball sized . Might be great for a tiny litle ankle chomper , but not big dogs .
 This toy is very small , but it 's the perfect size for my yorkie . However , the stuffing started to show after only a couple of days . This is the second Petstages toy that I 've bought my puppy that 's torn up after only a short time . Wo n't be buying anymore .
 I bought this toy for my nine pound morkie -LRB- maltese yorkie -RRB- and it did not last one day . He loves it , but within the first day two of the loops are torn apart , leaving the filling exposed . If your dog eats the filling , they will likely vomit soonafter . Do not waste your money on this item .
 I bought this several years ago and ended up throwing it away . My cat who , at the time , was not overweight could not use it without it tipping over which rendered this item useless . I just broke down and spent major bucks on a Drs. Foster and Smith floor-to-ceiling scratching post and fared much better . I would n't purchase this poorly-made product again .
 It is n't me that does n't like it , `` IT 'S THE CAT `` Kramer has had a scratching post similar to this since he was a kitten he is now 7 years old , they have always been the blue low mesh carpet type.He constantly scratches them , lays next to it and hangs on it . Never bothers the furniture or our rugs thanks to his satisfaction . We 've always had one in every room for his enjoyment.Kmart was always our supplier , but they stopped carrying them and we just ca n't find the exact type any longer . The new thick beige carpet does n't appeal to him at all !!! Seems to be well made and all , just no Cat appeal .
 We have been buying this Petmate -LRB- blue -RRB- carpeted scratch post for years either on Amazon or at Petsmart . Yes , they are overpriced for what they are and yes , as-is they tip over easily -LRB- put 2 or 3 , 4-5 lb hand weights or cheap lead weights from a SCUBA diving store on the base and that will secure it -RRB- . But I discovered that Amazon 's description `` colors may vary '' also means carpet type will vary . The blue ones are covered with some really cheap , looped carpet that I could imagine someone putting in the garage or a basement . Our cat likes this type . The cream colored posts we just received have a standard cut pile carpet . Our cat placed one paw on it , looked up at me as if to say , `` are you kidding me ? '' and walked away . Unfortunately , I do n't think there is anyway to request color/carpet-type from Amazon although they did accept my return . I have n't been able to find the blue-type at Petsmart either so they may be discontinued . There goes the couch ...
 I am sorry I did not read the reviews before I bought it . What a mistake !!! My cat has no interest in it at all . When play hide and seek with a toy next to it -LRB- to get him to try it -RRB- my cat will rap his arms around it and knock it over , so it is too light . He has pulled the top carpet off the corner . The loops in the carpet have snagged out , so if for any reason he was to become interested in it , it would look really bad after a short time of use , I would not want company to see it .
 I have 4 cats , none are overweight -LRB- largest is 7 lbs -RRB- but no matter which one uses this it falls over . Very lightweight carpet covering -LRB- top piece was held on by two staples -RRB- and extremely lightweight plastic cone.Six months later -LRB- I enticed them initially with catnip -RRB- it goes completely unused and will be out in the trash this week.If you have low pile or looped carpet - pass this one up . The cats do n't particularly care for this scratching post but they apparently think the carpet is now fair game . I should have and from now on will stick with the sisal only posts .
 Do n't waste your money on this because it is n't worth even $ 5 . It is lightweight , and any cat bigger than a kitten is going to knock it right over . You would have to weight the interior of this plus then fashion a base to keep the weight in . That is n't even worth the effort because the fabric covering it is flimsy .
 ... the label says that this container will hold `` 15 + pounds '' of cat kibble.However , when I tried to pour a 15 pound bag of food into it - it was not even close to holding it all . So now I have a lovely airtight bucket filled with cat food ... and a partly-full bag sitting next to it . Sort of defeating the purpose . However , that issue aside , I have a huge one for dog food and I love it.Great product , just take the capacity suggestions on the label with a huge grain of salt .
 When you do a little research you learn that sisal scratching posts are the best type to get - cats love it . Also , if you give your cats a carpet post they learn that scratching carpet is okay , which it is not since consistent scratching destroys carpets . So sisal is definitely the way to go.With all of that in mind , I purchased this sisal scratching post . My cat thoroughly enjoyed the feel of the sisal . The problem with this is that it has a small base which is very unstable . If your cat stands on the base itself , it 's fine . But the minute my cat stood just outside the base to scratch , which is very easy to do since the base is so small , the scratching post tipped over . It actually fell on my cat . Since it 's light , she was uninjured.Unless you plan to screw this post into the floor or create a large base that you can attach it to permanently , this is not the best option for your cat . It may be worth considering a larger , more stable sisal covered post or cat tree .
 I purchased the product as a replacement for an aging but well used sisal rope cone . My cat made a beeline for the post , but was quickly frustrated because the cone kept tipping over . The move from heavy cone to light plastic base was a big mistake by the manufacturer , and the resulting product has less value . I am planning to returnn the product to Amazon.com . This product is not suitable for 8lb . cats or larger .
 3 out of 3 cats hate this post . They are no strangers to scratch posts , they 've loved every option until I got this one . I 've tried everything to get them to scratch it . I agree with previous reviewers
 I bought one of these posts for my cat and she does n't really use it much . I think a post with carpet instead of rope would work better .
 My cat rarely used this scratching post . I got a different scratching post , also made of sisal but with a carpet base , put it right next to this one and he did use the new post . I ended up throwing this one away after a few months . I noticed that the rope was fraying a lot , despite him rarely using it . The base is too small and it tips over very easily , scaring the cat .
 Within minutes of bringing this home I was ready to return it . The base it too flimsy and light - so everytime the cats try to scratch it the whole thing tips over . I solved the problem temporarily by putting an 8 lb weight on the base . Hopefully Amazon will take this back so I can buy something decent !
 Not only was the item not what I ordered -LRB- it was a cheap version with a pad of sisal instead of being wrapped with sisal -RRB- - there was no return label or address or anything . I would never order anything from this store again .
 As a life long cat owner of indoor-only , outdoor-only -LRB- when living in a rural area -RRB- , and indoor/outdoor cats , I can agree that cats HAVE to scratch . In the outdoors they routinely scratch trees as a way to sharpen claws but also , apparently , they enjoy the feeling , they stretch their entire body to its ' full length and reach as high as possible usually , when doing this . I have owned declawed cats as well , who are just as involved with daily `` sharpening '' and stretching in this way ... So , having said that
 ALLERGY PROBLEMS Although you would think that this product could not cause any problems , I was surprised when I had a vet come and confirm my suspicion that indeed my horse suffered from an allergic reaction to the pad . He got a really bad case of highly risen bumps -LRB- hives -RRB- all over his saddle area and his skin became more oily and dandruffy as well .
 They smell HORRIBLE ! I bought a bag of these , expecting them to smell like chicken but instead I got a huge whiff of some gross chemical smell . I did n't even give them to my dogs because I felt like the smell was just too wrong . Call me crazy but `` natural '' dog treats should n't smell like chemicals at all . Plus , what the heck are all of the chemical names at the end of the ingredients list ? Does n't sound very natural to me.I think I 'll be sticking with Natural Pups since their treats actually smell like the flavors they 're supposed to be and they 're way healthier .
 We have two dogs and they did not like these treats at all . We tried all the dogs in the neighborhood and out of 14 dogs o.ly two dogs liked the treats . One the other hand , all the dogs loved mellow mutt treats .
 These treats may be great for some dogs , but my golden did not like the taste . I had hoped to use them as small training treats -LRB- such as the BilJac liver treats -RRB- , but she would have nothing to do with either the peanut butter or the salmon flavor . The salmon variety has a very strong `` fishy '' smell , too .
 I gave one of these -LRB- chicken flavor -RRB- to my dog and he sniffed it and ran away . Will not purchase again . I am going to return it if possible since I only took one out and my dog disliked it .
 I literally almost throw up everytime I open the bag . I figured I 'd give these a shot because they are all natural blah blah blah . My dog does n't seem to care for these over any other treat and the only difference to me isother treats do n't make me gag ! I 'm sticking to beggin strips .
 I received the Zukes Chicken Mini 's a couple of days ago . I opened the bag and the smell that came out of it was a sour almost vinegar smell , much like pickles in away . I fed the dogs one each then thought I better not give them anymore . I emailed the company and asked if that was normal . Matt the contact sent this message : Hi Kerrie-They are definitely strong in smell . If you have not smelled them beforethey may seem a little odd smelling . The dogs think they are candy ! Theyshould be perfectly fine . One thing to check is the bottom/underside ofthe bag and make sure the `` best by '' date is still good . If that is inrange I would say everything is good to feed to your dog . Thank You foryour inquiry and for supporting Zuke 's ! Matt Porray `` Bone Counselor `` Customer ServiceZuke ` sThey date on the bag is for November 2013 so they are well within the expiration date.But I emailed a friend -LRB- who in the past has donated many bags of Zukes treats to the dog club I used to belong for training classes -RRB- and I asked her the same question she felt they were not safe to feed with them smelling sour -LRB- vinegar like -RRB- . I had never fed the chicken flavor before.I think Iwill be sending these back . I am very disappointed , I do n't mind treats that stink I feed a freeze dried green trip treat those really smell . The Zukes did n't smell like something even dogs would eat .
 These LITTLE `` treats '' are small enough for a mouse - not Pomeranians and Shih Tzu !! These would barely fill one of the back teeth of the dogs .
 These treats were quite dry when i received them , and my vizsla pup never liked them . He would awkwardly chew on them for a seocnd and them spit them out . I think maybe these were just old and too hard for the pup to enjoy .
 This might be one of the most liked dog treats , but my dog hated it.She licked it , put it in her mouth , and spat it right out.It smells really bad too . I had it in an airtight ziplock bag , but the smell was so strong , my whole car smelled like it the rest of the day.I guess I 'll donate it to the shelter or something ...
 They were ok , nothing great . My dog did n't seem to enjoy them that much . Probably wo n't try them again . Sorry
 My 55pound pitt mix has been able to eat nearly anything till now . After all the good reviews I gave them a try . He loves them -LRB- like anything else which is in a plastic thing -RRB- but he gets the runs shortly after getting 4 or 5 of them ... pity
 My big puppy is not impressed . He 'll ignore a palm-full and go about his business . Maybe he just is n't big on peanut butter flavor stuff .
 I applaud the use of natural ingredients but that 's where the applause stops ... The smell is unbelievably bad -LRB- Salmon -RRB- and my dog who is a treat nut is not too crazy about them either . Honestly they just smelled like rotting fish .
 as a new dog owner , i made the mistake of feeding my dog super-premium , filler-free raw food and treats from stella and chewys since she was a pup . But because of the high price of Stella and Chewys , i switched to the Zukes mini chicken treats . My mini dachshund turned her nose up at the treats , over and over . Even with nothing else to eat in the home , she actually preferred gnawing on her deer antler over the Zuke 's . i 'm not saying that these treats are bad at all -- but it may be a waste of money for overindulged dogs with `` caviar tastes '' that have been spoiled by their owners -LRB- especially small companion dogs -RRB- .
 the ingredients and reviews for these treats seem great , but they gave my dog the runs . -LRB- peanut butter -RRB- Every dog is different , I guess . These treats are also not grain free , if that 's important to you .
 My dog would n't eat any of treats.She is very picky.Gave them to my daughter for her two dogs and she said they ate them .
 Less than 24 hours after my four year old dog ate a Zuke 's `` all-natural '' bone , she developed pancreatitis !!! There was no other change in her diet , environment or anything but that Zuke 's bone . When I took her to the vet , she was dehydrated from vomiting and diarrhea ... and she had to stay at the vet for three days . Over $ 1,000 in vet bills later , I gave Zuke 's hq a call to let them know . While symphathetic , basically Zuke 's gave me a $ 15 check to cover the cost of the bone , but failed to take responsibility for the incident , even though the vet wrote a note saying the bone was the most likely cause . Stay away from this and all Zuke 's `` all-natural '' products !
 very expensive for the size of the bag . my dog loved the treats but they hardened up really fast . would not buy again .
 I was so excited about training my 4 months German Sheperd/Boxer mix.First time she did me a favor swallowing it . The next day she would n't even open her mouth , complete lack of interest.I feed her Blue buffalo dry food mixed with canned food daily.Despite all the positive reviews do n't just assume your dog will like it , until dogs can submit a review on Amazon : -RRB-
 I like almost everything about these treats -LRB- I got the chicken -RRB- . They 're small -LRB- though I still cut them in half when I 'm not feeling lazy -RRB- , perfect size for a quick training treat so that your dog can be rewarded but his attention stays on you -LRB- rather than on eating the treat -RRB- . I like the texture . They are moist but not wet so there is no sticky residue.The price is good.The ingredients are ok . Not great , despite the `` natural '' claim , but I do n't necessarily expect treats to be healthy.But , and it 's a big but , they stink to high heaven . In fact , they stink so bad that I have to hold my breath whenever I open the bag , otherwise I will truly gag . I ca n't describe the smell but despite the `` natural '' ingredients , they smell nothing like what you would find in nature . These treats have been so highly processed that the original ingredients are beyond recognition.Actually , the smell reminds me of kibble . I have n't fed my dogs kibble in over a decade , but whenever we dogsit and I get a whiff of our friends ' dogs ' kibble , I want to gag too . But the smell of Zuke 's is at least 6 times stronger . I hate how the odor lingers on my fingers after I 've handled the treats.In fact , for a couple of days , while working at my desk , I would get a strong whiff of what smelled like crab . I had eaten a whole crab a couple of weeks ago and kept smelling my clothes , thinking that the crab smell had n't washed out . But my clothes smelled clean . It was n't until a couple of days later that I discovered the origin of that crabby smell . It was coming from a treat pouch I had put the Zuke 's in and had left on the far corner of my desk about 4 feet away . If laundering does n't remove that smell , I 'm going to have to toss that pouch.I feed raw green tripe to my dogs on a regular basis , and while some have likened the smell of that to sewage , I do n't actually find the odor too offensive . Certainly is n't pretty but not enough to make me want to vomit . Zuke 's actually makes me want to do that . It 's unfortunate that they stink so much to me , because I would buy more otherwise . However , I will say that the 1 possible benefit of their intense odor is that it does get the dogs ' attention and they do n't seem to mind it.But I guess I 'll go back to making my own treats . Chicken/turkey heart or liver , cut up into pieces , then boiled . Pat dry , then stick in oven on low until dehydrated . Dogs love them just as much , and not only are they TRULY natural , they are human-grade , minimally processed , and actually healthy . The things I do for my dogs .
 I bought a bag of these form my dog . Unfortunately , every time he eats some , he would get diarrhea . It took a few tries to pin point the cause to these treats . It was a mess to clean up .
 I read that chicken jerky from China is dangerous for dogs so I was looking for another treat they would eat . This was not one of them . It did n't matter how hungry they got , they would n't eat these . They sat on the floor two days . I picked them up , threw them away and then tried again a few days later with fresh treats . I left them in their treat spots . They sat there for days . They would not eat them . It does n't help if they were made in America but my dogs find them unpalatable .
 My yellow lab , who loves any and all food , does not like these ! I get them out and she does n't come running , so that 's the perfect indication . I pull out some other snacks to lure her into her crate and she bounds in - but not with these !
 Let me start by saying my dog weighs 24 lbs but should be 17 lbs . I make this point because she is overweight and will eat anything.I purchased these treats because they are low calorie , all natural and had great reviews . I tried for 3 days but she would n't eat even 1 little morsel.Obviously I was disappointed and also shocked like I stated she 's 7 years old and will eat anything . Maybe the bag I received was stale but wasted my money and tossed into the garbage .
 I originally bought the Zuke 's Treats for Cats on Amazon.com . It arrived in a decent amount of time -LRB- I did n't expect it to be quick since I used the free shipping -RRB- . My cat thought they were just okay , and would eat them if i put them in front of her , but not come running as she does for her other treats . So I would leave them out for her in her dish , and they would get hard real quick . After maybe eating 20 of the little pieces total , she stopped eating them altogether.Then I went to Petco after adopting a puppy , and Petco convinced me they would be perfect for training so i got the ones for dogs . I thought maybe the shipping made them stale , and Petco assured me the ones for dogs were of better quality . Unfortunately this was not the case , my dog who eats shoes , and ANYTHHING else that 's on the floor does not want to eat these . I mean they are okay but barely okay . When I take her on walks and use them to redirect her attention and they are hard by the time we get home from our walk , and she will spit out over half of them on the sidewalk . So if your pet likes hard food then they might like them -LRB- and they are real ingredients , -RRB- but if your pet is like mine , they wont touch them . I now have two barely opened packages of this stuff that just sits under my cupboard .
 My dog and I both love Zuke 's . The mini naturals are great for training because they are small but super flavorful . This means that you do n't have to cut them up or break them into little pieces -LRB- I 'm looking at you , Buddy Biscuits -RRB- , but your dog will still go the distance to earn them . The small size makes them super convenient . I have used the peanut butter , chicken , and salmon flavors.Unfortunately , the salmon flavor has an awful stench . I am used to reeking like dog treats , but the salmon odor is too much . Upon opening the bag for the first time , I gagged . Even now , several months after purchasing the 1lb bag , I am still trying to get rid of these treats . I tried passing them off on my mother , but she would n't take them because of the smell . Yesterday I decided I would just bite the bullet and use them for training for a few days , but after just a couple minutes in the bag I use for treats , I gave up . I just could n't take it . I stuck them back in the bag they came in . I think I will mix the remaining treats with a giant glob of peanut butter to try to get rid of them in one stinky fell swoop.So Zuke 's
 My maltipoo is pretty picky with food and treats and she absolutely hates these treats . I 've tried offering them to her and she wo n't eat it . I tried putting them in her food and she 'll just pick around it . I 've only tried peanut butter and salmon . I bought all three flavors . I plan on trying the chicken one soon to see if she likes that one , but I do n't think it 'll win her over
 My dog refuses to eat it and it smells pretty bad . I ca n't recommend it as treat when my dog refuses to touch it .
 I have a 10 month old Goldendoodle who eats everything . She spit these out and walked away ! I am so disappointed ! Wish she loved them because the price is right ...
 Our dogs love chicken so , after reading all of the positive reviews and noting that the first ingredient was chicken , I was really hopeful that these would be their new favorite treat . They sometimes will play with them for a minute but will not eat them and are not the least bit excited about them . They even lost interest in the sound of the treat jar that normally gets them very excited . These treats feel and look more like a wad of gelatin than chicken and have been relegated to the trash bin . They would be a little on the expensive side if they actually were mostly chicken but they are way overpriced for sort of chicken gel wads.While almost everything `` tastes like chicken '' these treats do n't , as evidenced by the fact that our chicken-loving dogs do not like them one bit .
 I was training my maltese puppies , using chicken liver treats , every time i would throw the ball , they would bring he ball back for a chicken liver treat . I ran out of the chicken liver , so i opened the salmon . They got he ball and i gave hm salmon . They ate it the first time after smelling it or a while , the second time they got the ball they did not touch thebtreat . I have tried 3 othr times , and they hate this stuff.I will not buy or recommend this product for Maltese
 Sadly my dog is NOT fond of these even though she does like salmon and anything smelly ! She will eat them -LRB- the first treat she rolled on as she 'll do if I give her lox -RRB- but she wo n't do tricks for them and acts as if they were a run of the mill dog food instead of a treat . Both my mate and I found the smell rather unpleasant similar to old B vitamins or really old liver treats , not like salmon . . -LRB- FYI My is dog is medium sized black mutt . -RRB- UPDATE : My dog seems to be getting used to these to some degree she will now do some tricks perhaps she prefers them a little dried out -LRB- they are still soft -RRB- or even maybe she was addicted to other treats though I usually only give her wheat and gluten free treats like freeze dried liver and dogswell treats . . Perhaps she 's stil not crazy about them because these treats do have natural gluten in the form of malted barley and ground barley -LRB- Not that good for me in terms of cross contamination as I am gluten sensitive and perhaps she is too ? -RRB- Left a message for Zukes ' but never heard back from them . . They are convenient in that they are small
 Our 55lb dog `` Panama '' got these as a gift from family at Christmas . He could n't barf them out quick enough ! The strange thing about it is that they went in as small little treats but when they came back out they were all bound together into large balls of goo ... In a considerable number of the reviews here it was noted that the dogs would n't eat them , I 'd trust those instincts !
 I have a shih tzu Chihuahua mix and he will not eat these . I was surprised since they got great reviews . . maybe my moms cat will eat them .
 For whatever reason , my puppy is not interested in these treats . I thought they would be perfect for training based on their size , but my beagle mix wants nothing to do with them .
 I purchased the chicken flavor . When I opened the bag , the smell was very unpleasant.I offered one to my dog and he would n't eat it . The entire contents went into the trash .
 I thought these looked perfect for training so I gave them a try . The problem is that even in a sealed bag inside a separate sealed ziplock , the smell of these treats is unbearable . We tried keeping them in the car , but the car would retain the horrible smell for days . We eventually ending up keeping them in a sealed container in the back yard until the bag was gone . If you touch them with your fingers , your hand will smell of them until you can wash your hands . Disappointing as they are a perfect size for training , but I will not buy them again . I wish they would make a similar treat without the odor .
 I 've fed Zuke 's treats for awhile -LRB- 3 + years -RRB- but the last two bags gave my dogs horrible upset stomach . I bought a massive bag too and had to throw them both away . I unfortunately will not be buying these again .
 My pomeranian is 11 and will eat any treats . Heck , she eats more produce than most people do . So we bought the duck jerky and peanut butter bits . She wo n't touch either one . Now , she has never been given duck food so I 'm not shocked that she would n't put it in her mouth , but she eats peanut butter like crazy . So , I looked at the ingredients and both packages contain tumeric , rosemary , and sage . I think that the seasoning may be what turn many dogs off . My dog wo n't eat seasoned meat . I 'm not positive that this is the problem , or everyone 's problem , but I do n't see any other ingredients that would turn off dogs . Our pet supply store gave us a full refund and we chose another treat that she goes crazy over .
 The texture is too hard and my dog turned his nose up at them . I ended up giving them to my friend for her dog . I would n't purchase them again.The size is good for training purposes .
 Zuke 's Mini Naturals Dog Treats Roasted Chicken Recipe , 16-Ounce , this product was turned down by my pet . Gave it to another who had three dogs and only one of the dogs would eat it and the other two would not even take it out of the hand of owner . I tried this product because it was a american product , would not recommend .
 I ordered this because i was going to start clipping my dogs nails myself . I was under the impression that when her nails start to bleed i would put this on and it would cauterize it . but my dogs nail just pushed the blood right past it . so i had to put it on then push on it as to force it in the nail . it would stop then but soon as she started to walk it would start bleeding again .
 i bought this product because I used it before and work great on my two dogs . so I bought one bottle form this seller because the price is good . today i clipped my dog 's nail the I used this powder and could never stop my dog bleeding . then I borrowed my friend 's bottle , same brand , same model of this powder , and the bleeding stopped right the way . I really want an explanation . the bottle i bought is not exp until 2014
 when i opened this product to get ready to use it , i discovered it had been previously opened and there was dried material -LRB- looks like dried blood mixed with the powder -RRB- around the top rim of the bottle . also , bottle was 1/2 empty -LRB- `` may '' be due to settling , but HIGHLY suspicious because the bottle was NOT sealed and the dried material on the edges ! -RRB- . shipped from amazon and they wo n't let me return product -LRB- returns expiration 2 weeks ago -RRB- .
 The item arrived unsealed -LRB- as in the product is not sealed under the cap -RRB- with the powder around the outside of the cap and the bottle half empty -LRB- though none inside the cardboard box . -RRB- It 's going back for that alone . Who knows what the powder is since the company does n't care to seal the container for what is , in essence , a topical medical product . The powder inside could be laundry detergent by appearances and applying it to a wound seems ill advised . I have no idea whose problem this is , Kwik Stop or Amazon -LRB- the seller -RRB- , but all buyers should be aware .
 I received this item within a timely manner ; but when I recieved it , I took it out of the packaging , and it looked to have already been opened ... . There was yellow powder on the outside of the container , like someone had opened it , spilled a little poweder and gotten it messy , and then put the powder back in ? None seemed to be missing ... But it just looked VERY unprofessional . I would reccomend buying this product from a different seller .
 ... but when it arrived , it was not sealed and powder had gotten out into the cardboard packing ... this was not new . I have not used this yet , but being opened makes me wonder if it is what it 's supposed to be ... ????
 It was not even a minute before my ferrets had their food scattered everywhere after I put this in their playpen .
 The construction of this product is very good , however it is too small to fit your pet in comfortably under the airline seat unless you have a 3lb pet . I have a 7 pound chihuahua which flys with me often and he could barely fit in this carrier because the back angles down taking away from the space , also with the pad inside took away even more space . If this carrier did not angle down in the back and was maybe an inch or 2 longer it would be the perfect airline carrier .
 I ordered this bag to carry my pet onboard an aircraft , When I read the description I assumed it was Ultra-Light , A one pound bag ... . After I got the bag I weighed it at the airport and discovered its approx . 4 pounds ! - Again it 's a great bag , But the Airline companies have weight restrictions . - Be warned if your pet is close to the weight limit this may not be the right bag for you .
 This is a great quality bag , nice design but way too small for most small dogs . I have a 10 lb shih-tzu and I had to literally stuff her into the small opening at the front and even then it just was n't long enough . If you have like a 6 lb dog perhaps this would work but anything above forget about it . I do like the quality of these bags so ended up getting the PetAboard style . The top load design is a better option in my opinion .
 I purchased this product to take my Papillon on an airplane . I put him in it and within a minute he was panting . There was n't enough airflow for him to be in there for a lengthy amount of time . I feared he would suffocate . I also did n't like that I could n't see him in the carrier . He could see me but because of the double mesh that they use in this product , you ca n't see inside . I also think the double mesh restricts the airflow . I returned the item and bought a Sherpa pet carrier which was perfect for our trip .
 I bought six of these collars for my five cats . -LRB- I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one . -RRB- I thought the colors were great , and I was happy with the idea of the material , as opposed to cheap vynil . They do look fashionable , I think , and are discreet enough to not take away from the beauty of the cat itself . However , these collars are NOT `` breakaway '' collars . They enlarge if they get caught on something , but this actually only adds its own problems . Several times my cats came home with one leg through the collar -LRB- and the collar extended as far as possible -RRB- . I hated to think what would have happened if the cat had gotten the collar caught on something AFTER getting the leg stuck . One cat finally did come home without his , and I did n't replace it . Another came home with the collar around her chest -LRB- both front legs had gone through -RRB- , and it was constricting her . I pulled to try to get it off , but it was obviously very painful , and in the end the only solution was for me to cut it off . I decided these collars are not very safe after all -- too bad I bought six at once -LRB- the reviews at the time were pretty good , generally -RRB- . I 've taken them all off , and now my daughters can play with them on their stuffed animals . They look do look cute ! I just do n't trust them on live animals .
 It 's pretty but the adjustment length -LRB- achieved by sliding it -RRB- does not stay put , and my cat somehow breaks it open . We find it laying around the house within the hour of putting it on .
 I ordered 3 of these collars . I followed the instructions to open the collar -LRB- pulling it apart where the safety release is -RRB- . One end of the collar broke away from the safety release rendering the collar useless . The other two were equally as hard to break away and the adjustable tabs are round pieces of metal with a piece of the collar tucked inside . A cat could get a claw caught in there when scratching its neck .
 I was n't happy with this collar . First , I had n't realized just how thin it would be -- I wanted small and lightweight but this is hardly wider than a rubber band . But more importantly , I think the way it adjusts for size is dangerous . When I put it on one of my cats , the extra length would n't tighten sufficiently so there was a gap , which she managed to get her lower jaw hooked into , so that the collar was stuck half around her neck and half in her mouth . I took it off and threw it away . Fortunately , since it 's so inexpensive , I did n't throw away a lot of money . Also , the metal pieces where the size adjustments are made are not terribly smooth -- you might not want those rough bits of metal against your cat 's neck .
 The wire is very light guage and broke repeatedly . I ended up discarding this cheapo antenna wire and replacing it with 14ga solid core , available in 500 ' rolls at the local home center for a reasonable price . No problems since !
 Our 4-month old guinea pig also got her head stuck in between the wires . Somehow she was able to lift it off the side of the cage and was frantically running around , screeching , bumping into things with it stuck around her neck , her head was turned sideways . It was VERY frightening !! Not a safe product , not to mention that it creates more of a mess of hay all over and outside the cage and does not hold the product well . This product should be recalled for safety issues .
 these would be great for a rabbit but my guinea pig climbed in it and got her head stuck because there is no topto it . there are other hay racks available with a top that would keep them out.I love them for rabbits , but they are much bigger.I would not buy this type for a guinea pig again . I love super pet but this should be for a rabbit only .
 This hay feeder continued to fall off the cage . We had a similar one -LRB- different mfr -RRB- and it worked like a charm .
 Light green and a somewhat dark blue were the colors I received of the two ordered . The design of the guinea pigs was a lot more detailed and not as nice as the simple ones shown in the images , but I guess that 's preference . The main problem with these bowls is that they 're easily pulled over by guinea pigs . That leaves a mess and dust on the floor of the cage .
 The item I received was nothing like the picture of this item . The picture is of a rectangular feeding bowl with a top storage bin . What I received was a tiny circular ceramic bowl , which I already had . With that said , Amazon made the Return process painless .
 I ordered two of these bowls . I was well aware of the fact that amazon listed that `` colors may vary '' . The bowls that actually arrived looked absolutely nothing like the photo . They arrived in purple with grey cartoon-style rabbits -LRB- think of a cheezey rendition of Bugs Bunny -RRB- screen printed around the edges and printing on the inside of the bowl . I immediately returned them . The return experience through amazon was pleasant and hassle-free .
 Just received this item in the mail . It appears to be a very cheaply made piece of clear plastic / vinyl that is made in China . Definitely not worth the price of about $ 25 . Probably cost 25 cents to make it .
 The door does n't fit and I have not been able to return it . I have not been able to use it
 I want to put this on the doghouse to block wind during the winter , but it is not removable . I think it would make the doghouse too warm in the summer . I gave the dog extra insulation to help keep her warm , and a heating pad . I also tried to angle the house so that the wind does n't blow straight inside . Really wish this could be taken off and put back on without permanent damage .
 I bought 2 extra large doors for my 2 extra large igloos . The door size is about 2 &#34; too small on the sides . The purpose of buying the doors was to keep the drafts and elements out . Considering there are drainage holes in the bottom of the igloos for drainage and at the top for ventilation , the doors probably wo n't do much to make my dogs more comfortable . I feel like I wasted my money .
 this product makes my dog very skeptical of the house it is on . does n't seem to help too much with the temperture since it does not close all the way on the house . a better idea is to place dog house opening away from wind direction and you should have the same concept . may be a good product for those that have dogs already comfortable with dog house , just did n't work for me .
 This product is one of the worst that I have ever purchased.They send you a flimsy plastic door with NO directions . They do n't even tell you that you have to drill your own holes ... terrible product .
 Medium Dogloo is a great Catloo ! This will work for cat & a little dog
 This cover is not for hyper dogs who go in and out of the igloo . Either that or the cover does not stand up to the elements , winds or snow blowing through . Also how its snapped onto the igloo does not last long . Mines ended up being torn up and had to remove it . The dogs seem to enjoy it though because it blocks alot of wind . However I felt in there a couple of times and it was still a little chill , even with a heated blanket . But that is for the igloo review . Maybe something made of more dog-resistant material or better snaps would make this a much better product .
 Indigo Dog House Door - 29998 Indigo See Thru DoorNot the most water tight / airtight design out there . Not sure what good its actually doing .
 The pad at first is a great idea and then you realize that it does n't last very long . Then when you go to by another one , you find out that the pad cost half as much as the house itself . There is something wrong with that picture . I used to live and Va and shop at Care - A-Lot . They are a very reliable source for good animal products . i guess when they stopped carry this product , thar shold have been a big clue . Now , I am stuck trying to find something that will work for the oddly yet functionally shaped house . What do I do !?! Where do I go !?!
 I just received the item today . Quite disappointed indeed . It is very , very cheaply made -LRB- in China as well -RRB- . The foam is low quality and only about 2 inches thick at most , and is a cheap quality foam . The cover over the foam is low quality as well . It is not worth more than $ 15 - $ 20 , -LRB- definitely not worth > $ 50 . -RRB- , and I highly doubt it will last more than 3 - 6 months . I do NOT recommend this product at all . My recommendation is to go a local home health medical equipment store and purchase a twin sized egg crate mattress -LRB- for about $ 20 -RRB- and cut it out to fit -LRB- you will have enough left over to make 1 or 2 more -RRB- , and go to a local home improvemnt store and get a blue or gray colored tarp and cover the foam up with it . Another option would be to just get cheap illows at a local discount store , and cover them with the tarp .
 I received this pad and put it in my extra-large igloo house for my two dogs . I came home only to find it in tatters . Not very sturdy - I was seriously disappointed . It 's cheaply made and I would n't recommend purchasing it .
 It is totally wasteful . After a month or two I usually clean the filter cartridge.This bio bag is unable to be reused . It simply tears apart after I rinse it off touse it again . This maybe the only brand that makes you buy cartridges over and over .
 This bulb was about 1mm too long and was too tight in the Zilla branded fixture so I am returning it .
 I put hay in this bin feeder for my 2.5 lb bunny . I can only fit one day 's worth of hay in it unlike it is advertised to hold 5 days of food . The snap lock does n't work . I have used a separate wire to secure it inside the cage .
 I dont even know how this bin works because I cant even use it . The seller was too lazy to include the hooks or anything to hang it . Im stuck with this thing and I cant even use it . Buy carefully !
 My 4 chinchilla 's chew off the bottom part of this in 5 days . Do not recommend this product to owner of chins that like to chew -LRB- pretty much all of chins -RRB-
 I thought this was a feeder you could put food in for a weekend when we would be gone . but it does not have an attachment for the cage so the animal can knock it over easily . the food spills out and he can access all the food at the same time . He is a pig , what do you think , of course he eats it all at once . it does nothing more than if you over filled the bowl in his cage before you went away for a couple days
 I have been a bully stick customer for years and these do n't rank very high !
 This cat post is cheap , fun for cats but falls apart easily . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've had to screw the top piece back on because it 's fallen off . My cats are now scared to go on it because every time they do , it breaks .
 The ploe does not screw into the bottom base so when my kitty tries to play with it , it falls over
 There is evidently not enough cat nip in this , because most of my cats wo n't use it . The post itself should be a couple of inches taller , in my opinion . Otherwise the cats ca n't really stretch up to claw on it . The top does n't swivel well if the nut is tight . One of my cats does play with the mice hanging down , but she really prefers her catnip toys . The other 3 cats wo n't touch it . Definitely a waste of money .
 This bowl did n't survive two months of use with a single ferret.The design is silly to begin with -- there are screw on holders to attach it to the cage which do n't connect directly to the bowl . There are little notches you have to then connect the bowl to which is surprisingly difficult . I had a system down after way too steep of a learning curve for a food dish ... then I broke my leg . NO one that came to help me feed my pet could figure out how to do this even with my instruction.Then one of the `` notches '' in the dish broke and a week later the second one broke . Now I have to buy another dish but I will be avoiding this one.The only good thing is that it 's a corner dish which saves room in the cage but it 's not durable and ridiculous to put in . The little grip it has is also very flimsy even when installed correctly and my baby ferret was easily able to knock it down and over if he started playing with it .
 It 's a great fit for the corner of my bunnies cage , BUT is not very durable at all ! The little knobs on the hanging attachments wear and break off very easily , and all my bunnie does is rest her paws sometimes on the front while eating . I wish they sold replacement parts , or better yet made the attaching parts out of metal so they would ` nt break off . Once the dish is down it 's useless since it tips over easily , the only way to fix it is to buy a new dish and gauranteed it will do the same . I really like the way it saves space by being a corner feeder , but it 's attaching design is the PITS and needs to be improved on !!! I am looking for another dish to replace it with .
 This hanging food dish is to cheaply made . It does not stay up within seconds of hanging it in the cage my ferrets had it down . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!! DOES NOT WORK AS ADVERTISED !!!!!!!
 I bought two of these on Feb 15th 2011 for my new ferret kits . It was fine for a while , but as the male started to grow , he would stand in the water bowl and it would flip off of it 's brackets under his weight . I ended up super-gluing the brackets to the bowl , which was a good fix for a couple more weeks . . eventually the plastic snapped beyond repair , and I had to toss the water bowl , and swap to a wide-mouth water bottle.The food bowl , however , is still alive and working well , four months later -LRB- after getting the super-glue treatment -RRB- . So , I suppose it depends on what animal you have and how hard they are on the bowls .
 I bought this bowl to use in my ferrets cage . I needed it to catch water from a slowly leaking water bottle . Not only could my ferret easily take it off its brackets , one of the brackets broke off completely within the first week . A few days later the other bracket broke off too . Now this bowl is useless since its so easily dumped over .
 I got this crock just under two weeks ago , and it seemed to be working pretty well . However , when I went to clean my rabbits ' cage this morning , one of the connecting pieces that locks into the crock so it hangs on the cage wall had broken off . By the time I returned this evening , the other side had broken as well , and the crock was lying in the litter box . My rabbits are not rough with their things at all , and I am not rough while cleaning . They did tend to rest their front paws on the crock at times while eating , which should not have caused any damage , at least not within two weeks of use.I am going to look for a new crock that seems sturdier , perhaps one with metal attachments .
 I bought this thinking it would be perfect for my ferret and work well with my Ferret Nation cage . I was sadly mistaken . The little points of attachment seem to be suited better for a horizontal wire cage -LRB- Which the Ferret Nation cage is NOT -RRB- but it came with plastic brackets that are suppose to make the bowl work with vertical wire cages but it still didnt work well . It took considerable effort on my part to firmly secure it to the cage . And due to design flaws that are suppose to be convenient to you the ferret was able to loosen the bowl and tip it . Which lead to one of the attachment points breaking off after that the other point broke off 2 days later . In all it lasted 4 days ! The bowl itself is a hard solid plastic but unattached it has only proven to provide fun for my ferret by being repeatedly flipped over and food scattered about .
 These have a horrible , toxic plastic smell to them . I threw them out , it was too much work to return them .
 I bought this mat because it had suction cups and a good surface for my dog to stand on while being bathed.The suction cups DO NOT hold . The pad slid all over the bathtub . I finally removed it , then threw it away.Save your money .
 Slips all over tub and hair gets caught and wo n't rinse off . Thought it would stay with the suction cups .
 When I bought this product I was so excited , having 3 male cats in my household I have cat hair every where . Then the product arrived . The port on top where the green nub is poorly designed . My poor cats are biting on it to get the cat nip from the holding area . Lets says there is blood on it and I feel really bad now.Then the other males woke up to discover there new toy . It started a cat fight like I have never seen my boys ever do . I can already see my vet bill rising with any further use of this product .
 Califiqu&eacute; con 2 estrella el producto , aunque no creo que sea malo , tal vez a mi gato de 8 a & ntilde ; os no le interese jugar con el spa , lo ve , lo rasca un poco y se va , asi que opt&eacute; por guardarlo para cuando tenga mi proximo gato .
 I have two cats . One did spend some 15 minutes or so laying on it and using the scratch section but the other has n't been near it nor has the other one now . I 've left it in their room in hopes they finally do use it .
 I have 3 2-year-old Devon Rex cats , none of whom show any interest in this product unless I have just sprinkled it with fresh catnip . In other words , they respond to the catnip , not the product . When I put catnip on anything -LRB- furniture , bedding , etc -RRB- , I get the same result -- a few minutes of meowing & rolling around , then walk away.I did remove the combs in their presence , and stroke them with the combs , in an attempt to show them that they could generate a nice feeling by themselves if they roll on their back over the comb ; however , unless the combs are sprinkled with catnip , they ignore them . They show no interest in the textured `` bump '' pads , even with the catnip , and they pretty much chewed up the rubbery center spindle knob in the first couple of days.Save your hard-earned money and just buy fresh catnip periodically to sprinkle in a safe area , and use kitty brushes to groom your cats , and you 'll be better off : -RRB-
 I had this years ago for 2 previous cats -LRB- now deceased -RRB- . I wrapped it for Christmas -LRB- yes , corny , I know -RRB- , and the cats could smell the catnip it came with through the package , so chewed on it until I let them `` open '' it . Then , one paid little attention to it , while the other monopolized it , as long as I could keep the teeny-tiny compartments for catnip filled . My cats very quickly destroyed the gum massager , and cleaning the hair out of the various brushes was time-consuming . Prepare to spill a lot of catnip getting it into the compartments . The toy also takes up a lot of room and is difficult to store . I threw this out a long time ago , have a new kitten now , and will not waste my money on one of these again .
 I understand each cat is different and some will like this product , some will not . My issue is with the price . It is way too overpriced only to find out your pets fall into the latter category . Neither of my two Ragdolls cared for this , which is highly unusual for them as they like everything . I 'd say , save your money and make your own spa . This one is just pieces of brush-like plastic which could easily be replicated . Buyer beware !
 I have n't completely given up hope . As I put together the `` spa '' , my cat was going crazy , climbing in the box , flopping on the pieces . The moment I finished , she ignored the spa and has n't looked at it once . It 's covered in catnip , maybe she 'll rediscover it .
 Though this looked attractive , it is impractical because the sweater is not cut out in the belly area so that when your dog does his business , urine gets on the sweater .
 this is a beautiful sweater but runs super large . Had to return it because of the size , waiting to hear about the return credit .
 Although the dog likes to chew rawhide , she does n't like these . She chewed on one end a little and then abandoned them .
 I bought a bottle of this for my Coton De Tulear , which is a breed that has hair with a frizzy , cotton-ball like texture . A Coton 's hair is very tangle prone and has a ton of volume , which makes it prone to mats and * extremely * difficult to brush . Unfortunately , I found that `` The Stuff '' made it even harder . I felt almost a sticky resistance when brushing with it . To be fair , this may be because of the Coton 's unique coat . A product that coats the hair may add so much additional volume to something that already has too much volume that it surpasses any benefits that the slickness of the substance actually provides.Also beware that , unlike some other conditioners , this product contains silicone to achieve its slick property . And when I say slick , I mean SLICK . I made the mistake of spraying my dog while he was standing on carpet , and the spot that he was standing on stayed slick for several months , even after a steam clean ! I kid you not . This stuff is so amazingly slick it can even make CARPET SLIPPERY!This product seems to work well for a lot of people , but , for me , it did not .
 We bought this to use on our Coton de Tulear puppy . Used as directed and had terrible results . Did n't help getting through the hair any easier and just felt greasy . Would not recommend .
 Do your research before using any product on your pet . While the results sounded great , I was concerned there was no listing of the chemical contents . I found the MSDS sheet for The Stuff and found four hazardous chemicals in this product
 I purchased this because most of the reviews were good . The smell is awful and it does n't matter how good or not good it might be when I ca n't get past the horrible smell , it is time to find a different spray conditioner for my two dogs after their bath . I ca n't say that I have notice it doing anything but smelling awful so I would highly suggest to not purchase it and find something that smells better .
 I bought the chipmunk and squirrel I think for my Aussie Shepard puppie , 7 months old . He is hard on toys so I was excited to get something that would hold up . Within minutes he had chewed holes in the heads and was pulling out stuffing all over the house . Very disappointed .
 Not as enthusiastic as previous reviewers . I ordered one for each of my dogs . They were smaller than I expected and they did not last a day . After reading reviews I ordered both the chipmuck and rabbit but was highly disappointed . Not as tough as advertised .
 I bought the small version of this toy . I brought it home , set it down in front of my two 10 week old kittens , rolled the ball around two or three times . They did n't even look at it . I returned it and got my money back .
 My cat played with this a few minutes the first day we got it . After that he did not play with it at all .
 The item is a nice item , for about a week both cats played with it occasionally . Now it just takes up space . The problem I have with ordering this online was the wait . Had I suspected how long it would take to get it , I would have just driven to the nearest Petco or whatever . Shipping was high , delivery too long .
 I have -LRB- 2 -RRB- 18 month old cats , who played with this toy 2 times , and only when I batted the ball around for them ! Pretty pricey cat toy to be sitting around !
 We were hoping to find a toy to entertain our cats , but the cats were indifferent . On the other hand , our dog found this toy very entertaining . I do worry a bit about the sharp edges . Update review on 1/5/12
 Perfect for the dog house - but my dog ate it in five minutes - tore it to shreds . Wish there were one that he could n't have destroyed .
 I have a very small cat with short legs and she barely fits in this bed . With it 's tall sides , she has trouble getting into it . I now use it as a toy ` box ' . It IS well made , very warm and washable , but I wish it was a bit wider .
 Buyer beware ! The quality of this product is poor . It does not look at all like the picture . The material is some cheesy , thin white felt material , not thick sherpa as advertised and shown in the picture . I called Petsupplyfactory to tell them I was n't happy with the product . I think they 're used to complaints because the man I spoke to did n't want to listen to me explain the problem , he said he 'd send an email explaining the return . Any questions I asked he said would be addressed in the email . I just received the email and it says I am responsible for all shipping charges -LRB- to and from -RRB- . So not only am I disappointed , but now I have to pay the $ 9.95 it cost for them to ship it to me and whatever it costs for me to return it to them . Poor customer service . I will not purchase from them again .
 Would be a great product if it was a couple of inches larger in both dimensions . It 's not big enough for an adult cat to stand on while scratching , which is essential for them to not have it kick-out while using it vigorously . I have a larger one from another manufacturer which my cats love , so it 's a great concept . This one is just too small .
 I bought several of these for our four indoor cats . They 're considerably shorter than usual , so medium - to large-sized cats are n't able to fit their whole bodies onto them . This means that the scratchers move around the room as the cats use them , trailing scraps of cardboard . The boxes are only single-thickness cardboard , so the sides break easily , resulting in more spillage . They 're probably fine for kittens and small cats -LRB- 5-7 lbs -RRB- , but I would n't buy them again .
 We ordered some of these without reading the dimensions . They are much smaller than the ones we buy in pet stores . They might be useful for kittens .
 Cat does n't really seem to dig this scratcher even though she enjoys shredding cardboard normally .
 I received this scratchy insert and kept looking to see where the rest of it was . There was no box as shown in this picture . I only got the insert part . I didnt know there was more until I saw this picture with the request for a review . Would have been nice to receive the entire box !
 My kittens have no interest in this . It is supposed to have catnip in it and I even added more catnip to it and they still do not have any interest . I would not buy or recommend it .
 This back pack definitely does n't work for larger or stronger dogs . The straps are made of a cheap material that easily stretches and does n't stay tight . I would n't use this as a primary lead , as it will very easily loosen or tear .
 My 6 month old cockapoo is more or less a moderate chewer . She has two other plastic toys from Nylabone 's Moderate Chewer line
 I consider my dog a moderate chewer , and she chewed the white part off in ten mins . I was sitting right beside her and noticed she was chewing on something that was not the chew ! I looked at the chew and she had already swallowed an `` adult human molar '' size amount and was about to swallow another one ! Shes only 5 months old , she is getting in her adult teeth , so I thought this would soothe her gums . She has the Cob Nylabone and has barely put a dent in it . I would not recommend this product !
 Part of this mistake is my fault . I read extra wide and made an assumption . I have been buying extra wide scratchers from Trader Joe 's for $ 8 apiece . Since these were selling for $ 8.99 with super saver shipping , plus the 4 for 3 special , they would net out to about $ 6.75 apiece , so I thought this would be a good purchase . I assumed that these scratchers would be the same size as Trader Joe 's . Wrong . This scratcher is 15 inches long and 7 inches wide.Not only are these 2 and 1/2 inches less wide than Trader Joe 's , they are 3 inches shorter as well ! My cat ranges between 15 1/2 and 17 pounds , depending on whether I watch what he eats , plus he is very long and strong . These scratchers are not big enough for him . He was able to scratch on it , but he had to crouch to do it . The size of this scratcher is appropriate only for a cat that is 10 pounds or less.The overall quality of construction also fails , and my cat is going to tear these to shreds very quickly . Yes , I am going to make Matt the cat use these because I ca n't return them without more cost . Also , for me it 's a good thing if his claws are n't sharpened as much because he jumps me -LRB- but that 's another story -RRB- . The outer box is very flimsy , that is , paper thin cardboard , versus being a thick corrugated paper -LRB- that would be compared to Trader Joe 's -RRB- . I immediately had to tape up all four corners to ensure that the box will hold together.Most scratchers come with a separate pouch of catnip to put on the top area . This one says that the scratcher portion has been treated with organic catnip , but you would n't know it by my cat . To summarize , these are a total ripoff at any price over $ 4 each , and if your cat is large , as mine is , they are not worth it at any price .
 THIS SCRATCH BOX IS CHEAP QUALITY . THE CARDBOARD MICE GET IN THE WAY OF THE CAT TRYING TO SCRATCH . IT IS SMALL EVEN THOUGH IT STATES WIDE . MY CATS STILL SCRATCH ON IT BUT IT IS CHEASY . THE WALMART BOX IS MUCH BETTER QUALITY FOR AROUND THE SAME PRICE .
 My cat is totally uninterested in scratching this . However , she has taken to sitting on it and taking a nap .
 The puppy pads was a great deal put with shipping and they leak through it was n't a good deal.Puppy pee on them two or three time it leak on floor so I had to use two at a time .
 I will NOT be reordering these pads . They are not a good quality and they leak right through the pads.The plastic coated bottom side is very slippery when wet.I will stick to the PET EDGE brand and spend the extra money for sure
 They are very thin and the quality of absorbant side is like cheap toilet paper . Very disappointing . After $ 20 of shipping & handling fee added , they are not so economical either .
 I am sure it will be a great product once I receive it . I ordered the procduct on APR 2 2007 and as of MAY 12 still have not received it .
 I have been buying these pads for my Maltese for 3 years now and they were always blue and absorbant and fine and this last batch I bought in September 2008 came all white and open on the ends and lets the stuffing out . Terrible and disapointment that I will call before I order again to be sure they are the blue ones as I suggest customers also do . As I said before , for 3 years I have used these pads from this supplier and never had a problem and got the blue backed ones and now they tried to pawn off a bad batch and probably lost a lot of customers . That is why you see such a wide difference in stars on this product in the reviews . If I were giving a review for the previous blue batch , I would have given it 5 stars . Not the 1 star I gave this bad batch of whitish ones . I think the company should reimburse us for these .
 Purchased wee-wee pads 3 times from this company -LRB- each time 3 boxes at a time -RRB- . The first two times were fine . Quality was reasonably similar and acceptable . However , the last 3 boxes that we received were horrible . Not very absorbant at all . Wo n't buy from them again due to inconsistent products !
 THESE ARE PADS USED ON ELDERLY PEOPLE WHO HAVE TROUBLE GOING TO THE BATHROOM . THIS COMPANY SHOULD BE HONEST AND LET THE PEOPLE WHO ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THEM KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT PUPPY TRAINING PADS . PUPPY TRAINING PADS HAVE A SPECIAL SCENT ON THEM TO ENCOURAGE THE DOG TO USE IT . DO N'T BE FOOLED !!!
 This product is not good at all . Does n't protect anything . Does n't absorb as much as they say .
 I bought these with the idea that yes they would work and be big enough to cover my pups holders . Well not big enough first off , second not absorbent in the least ! The urine goes right through the pad ... will not be buying these EVER again ! Spend the extra money for the better quality these are NOT WORTH YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!
 I do n't recommend these weewee pads because they are too thin . Whenever my dog made weewee the weewee would run off the pads onto the floor . .
 These pads hold very little . I have had to use as many as three times the amount of pads that I have averaged in the past in a single day . Value
 I have been buying the same disposable underpads for our dog for 2 years and the quality was good until this time . I saw that the pads were coming from a different vendor , they are really poor . I 'll be looking for another source next time .
 I use them for Dog Wee Wee pads , this brand is not as good as others I buy.One wet spot and it spreads all over the pad and has to be replaced.Other pads I tried the dogs can pee several times on one pad before replaceing it .
 Not for dogs . The pads are the correct size but compared to most dog pads I 've used these dont hold water . I have to use two layers of these pads where one of another brand would be sufficient . Understandably , these werent designed for pets and them directing their water host in one spot . Thats typically where it leaks through . I 'm sure these would work for bed wetting , where the liquid is more distributed . Lesson learned , yet again , you get what you pay for .
 I have ordered from BP Medical Supplies before and the pads I received were fine and appeared to be from a medical supply house . Today , August 5 , 2010 , I received an order from them and would you believe the pads are `` MADE IN CHINA '' and as sorry as they can possibly be . There are many , many holes in the pads so how in the world could they keep urine from leaking onto your floors/carpets ? They are thin , poorly put together , the absorbent part is so thin you could read through it . Cheap and inferior and certainly not worth buying . I would have rated it a ZERO but that was not available . Buyer beware !
 We just got a new puppy and got these pads . I am extremely disappointed as they are SUPER THIN !!! These wee wee pads are an absolute joke ! I ca n't believe I wasted money on these ! They are tissue paper thin.They do n't absorb the smallest little pee from a a small breed puppy ! -LRB- shih tzu !! -RRB- . My previous pads he could pee multiple times . With this pad he pees once and it ca n't even absorb that ! It creates a puddle that he steps in walking off the pad and gets the pee scent on my carpet due to it being on his paw.I have to throw them out ! I ca n't imagine what they 'd be good for as it does n't absorb any liquid at all !
 These wee wee pads are absolute garbage . First , they are irregulars , seconds or thirds , so you never know what you will find when you open each pad . Second , they are so thin that they hold nothing . So , you have to use 2 when one should do the job . They are flimsier than tissues , wo n't stay in place , and are basically useless.Like most people who are disabled but have pets , I am constantly trying to find a reasonably priced product that works satisfactorily . I have a very well trained 18 lb Llasa Apso who is neat and careful using her wee wee pads and never has an accident . Even she is unhappy with these.Further , the shipping costs - over $ 15 per box is outrageous . They were not particularly swiftly shipped , the 2 boxes were coming apart in transit , and the product inside is the worst I have seen in 2 years of buying these . They are not even true to size - both the entire pad -LRB- plastic -RRB- and the supposedly absorbent padding are smaller than they claim.Amazon should drop this product - and maybe this seller , although I have not tried any of their other products , nor would I be foolhardy enough to do so .
 Mine lasted exactly 10 min before being destroyed by my dog.I have never seen him love something like that but it didnt hold up.Taree
 Bought two . Both did not last long . Either a defective item or it should not be used by a big dog .
 I have purchased this same toy in the past and it has stood up great to lots of play over many months . The right foot tore off of this one in less than two hours . Not the quality from Vo-Toys I am accustomed to .
 These are probably ok but supposedly I was ordering the `` small '' size ones and they are HUGE ! My Yorkie ca n't enjoy them at all . Will give to my GrandDog . Need to advertise these better !
 I bought a whole bunch of these little 10 inch pet collars because they were really inexpensive at $ 2 each . I 'm using them as luggage tag straps , not as pet collars . For my purposes , they are fine because they are still made of strong nylon webbing and the buckle is firmly attached . The colors are good standard primary colors , and the buckle is a normal silver colored metal.But I 've purchased similar ones in the past from supermarkets and pet stores -LRB- probably made in China ... -RRB- and the finishing on these is truly inferior . So just in case you 're fussy about how nice the collar looks on your pet , here are the appearance issues . The collar 's holes -LRB- for size adjustment -RRB- really look like amateur time
 This is the second time that I ordered this product . This order came in dry and crumbled very easily . The original order 's product was moist and could be broken in half easily . The dog still eats it anyway , but it makes it hard to hide pills in it when it crumbles . Katie is 13 1/2 yrs . old and this really seems to help her stay active .
 After receiving an email from Entirely Pets informing me that this product will not be manufactured in the future because it is now not FDA approved , I gave it one star . I would actually like to give it no stars because I am returning it for credit and ordering another product that is safe for my dog . It took 25 minutes on the phone with Entirely Pets to convince them that they should allow me to return the product for credit . I feel that companies , no matter what they sell , should stand behind their products . If this were a human supplement not approved by the FDA , would you take it ? Would n't you expect to be able to return it for credit if you were ordering something in its place ?
 This is recommended and sold by my holistic vet as the best thing out there for arthritis . I have ordered 5 or 6 tubs of it -LRB- I have two large dogs -RRB- and made sure to give it according to the directions and even a little more-so when I could n't see a change . This did n't seem to help my 13 and 14 year old husky mixes at all , but they do have rather advanced arthritis . The chew however is convenient and my picky dogs would eat it without doctoring .
 While this product may indeed produce magnificent results as other reviewers state , I will never know because it is almost impossible to get my dog to eat them -LRB- even when coated with peanut butter or meat juice -RRB- . My dog is NOT a picky eater usually , so I 'm not sure why others are having so much success with this supplement when my dog wo n't even eat it when covered in food she normally loves . I gave it two stars for the nutritional value , but the flavor needs a huge improvement !
 My dog loves these ! He has hip problems and they help keep him more comfortable than any other item we have tried . Cheaper to buy on line and have shipped than getting from the vet .
 Here I thought I was doing my older dog a favor with all the review I saw for this but I should of went to my vet who advised me that supplements like this are not really good for dogs becasue they are not regulated . They advised this stuff killed my dog so needless to say make sure you do talk with your vets before you even try to do any supplements . I wish there was better research posted on this stuff and not from what the company of the product says . The vet advised most comercials they give dogs drugs to make them lathargic and take videos and then when the dog comes out fo the drugged state that they are back to normal and they do video stating thsi is the dogs after we give them this stuff see how much better . Live and learn unfortunately it was at the cost of my best friend .
 My 125 lb . female German shepherd has arthritis and hip problems . Having said that , I 've tried oodles of products , both from vets and private suppliers.This product did n't seem to make any difference at all for her . She enjoyed eating them , however , so the taste was n't a problem . They just did n't help her . Each dog is different , so trial and error really is the only way to go . I have found some products that do work for her , but doubt this is the forum to extol them .
 I should have known when other sites said it was no longer available , but I ordered here . I bought two big containers as when I had a dog that needed it two years ago , they loved them . Well , these made my dog absolutely sick . He tried to tell me by spitting them out but I forced him . He ended up with diareha , vomitting and sleeping most of the time . I truly believe he got food poisoning over these .
 After reading the reviews , I bought this product for my 16 year old westie . He will not eat it . But he would eat Joint Treats Minis . My other two 3 year old eat the Synovi G3 Soft chew and they had diarrhea .
 I purchased this after doing some research and reading all the rave reviews . My 11 year old dog had a back injury and could n't stand on her back legs and was taking pain relievers for a few days . I decided to purchase this as a supplement since her injury could be a sign of arthitis due to her old age . Well when I received this , I was overwhelmed by the awful smell and I was worried my dog would n't eat it . She did but it was hard for her to chew it . She 's a 34 lb lab mix . She also had loose stools after the first day . After about a week , she stopped eating and was lethargic . I stopped the soft chews and she 's back to normal . Please use with caution if your dog is elderly or has a sensitive stomach .
 I have given this product to my dog for about 1 month now with no visible difference . However , she is quite elderly and overweight , so I am afraid it is just too late to make much difference for her . She has difficulty rising and going up and down steps . She does like the taste and we did n't have any trouble getting her to eat her `` treats '' .
 They are very potent in odor -LRB- like licorice -RRB- . Our dog leaves them in her bowl and eats around them . Wish she would eat them so we could see if there 's any effect . Wo n't buy again .
 I had read so many wonderful reviews on this product that I decided to give it a try on my Lab who has had hip surgery and most recently knee surgery . After one week of being on this product , he was itching and scratching something terrible . He developed pustules on his ears.In my opinion , this product caused my Lab more issues than it helped him . As a result of all of the scratching , he developed a hematoma on his ear which lead to surgery and quite a large vet bill.We will be going back to the Glucosamine Chondroitin I purchase at my local Sam 's .
 Unlike previous purchases of this product , it came with no expiration date on the container . In view of its past recall and after talking to the distributor , I concluded that it might not be safe for my dog and returned it .
 I purchased Synovi G3 120 count soft chews from Entirely Pets and there were wood chips in many of the chews . I 've previously purchased Synovi from vets and also from Medi-Vet through Amazon with great success . My 3 dogs absolutely love the chews and they do help them a great deal . When I received the Entirely Pets order , at first my dogs ate them , but then they started refusing to eat them . I found wood chips twice in chews my dogs would n't eat but thought they came off my floor . Then I smashed a chew straight out of the container and it had several chunks of wood in it ! Do NOT buy from this vendor . They 've refused to take my calls or respond to this complaint . I still have contaminated chews left . BEWARE , BEWARE , BEWARE !!!!!! Update Janary 2009
 FDA inspection Failed so the manufacturer was forced to stop production . It 's not safe to feed to your pets . I ordered the same thing , just different quantity but was only informed after the sale why it was discontinued .
 I bought Mosquito Dunks several weeks ago and sprinkled some of the bits into my bird fountain where I saw mosquito larvae I came back the following day and still saw the larvae wiggling around in the fountain and so I dumped the water and decided after reading a little closer on the package that it was safe for wildlife , but not safe for my dogs and cats I decided not to use the product anymore . I really do n't have anything positive or negative to say about this product because I only used it once and had no results .
 well tried them and we have seen no improvement at all , maybe there are just to many or they are coming from other properties here but I am still being bit like crazy
 This item is widely marketed as `` non-toxic '' and safe for kids and pets . So I bought a bunch of it to spread around my very swampy lawn . But when I read the instructions , they were filled with warnings to contact poison control if swallowed and to wash thoroughly if the product touches your skin ! So maybe this really is non-toxic and the company is just trying to protect itself from liability . Or maybe it really is unsafe . In either event , I ca n't take the chance with my two-year-olds running around my yard .
 It is possible that the product is useful for large still waters ; I do n't believe it is suitable for residential city garden applications.All the warnings concerning skin contact and inhalation dangers -LRB- disposalof the remnants of the product through local solid waste agency 's advice , washing clothes that came to contact with the product -RRB- made me feeluncomfortable . I did n't realize that is what - `` Environmentally soundbiological mosquito control '' means.The product needs to be distributed evenly and applied in 7 to 14 dayintervals according to `` Outdoor Use '' instructions . I have a small pondwith water plants and it is quite difficult to distribute evenly . Soafter I finish this bottle I will be going back to dunks - they lastwhole month and you can just throw them in and forget for 30 days.Note
 Got this product and used it as required . . did not seem to work wellat all ... went and bought the `` Fogger '' instead and it worked well . . Livein Minnesota summers with the bugs . . so I know what works and not .
 did not buy this product because it did not include tank I agree they are being misleading they should leave out the 10 gal part , very missleadingand and likey on purpose -LRB- not Amazon but the supplier -RRB- very glad I read the review saved my self 25 bucks + return fees Thank you again for your review
 Maybe I just did n't read the description closely enough , but for the price I was expecting this to come with a tank as well , since it read Reptile Kit , 10 gallon . As it was , it 's a few bits and pieces I could have purchased locally and separately for less , and totally unsuitable to my needs , since my son got a Chinese water dragon which requires a heat lamp rather than a heat rock . I 'm sending it back , but I have to do it at my own expense , since Amazon says the product not meeting my needs is not their fault .
 I recently received a 1 meter long green iguana as a gift , and wanted him to have some comfort in his new habitad ; nothing in this kit fit his needs , but the vitamins . Adding specific measures , animal size limit , actual pictures of the product -LRB- not the package -RRB- or any other specifications , instead of only the `` 10 Gallon '' , that would help customers have a much better idea of the product before buying.Zoo Med Reptile Habitat Kit , 10 Gallon
 This dog house pad is so cheaply made that it did not last a day before it was destroyed . Big price for a cheap product . Amazon should look at the products they sell so these problems do not occur so often .
 I was very disappointed with this video ! The monotone dialogue of Josh was okay ... but talking about a Great Dane aging and showing the same little puppy just did n't hit home for me . Where are all the Great Danes !? When you talk about a fawn colored dane , show one ! When you talk about all the things a dane can do ... show it ! Looking at the same little puppy trotting around is a poor example of such a fantastic species . `` Everything you need to know '' ... not quite.The training tips at the end were helpful , specific and valuable .
 This video was a total waste of money . While the Great Dane puppy was cute , the video did not even have photos much less actual adult great dane dogs to give a prospective owner a look at how large they are.The information was also vague at best and inaccurate at worst . As a Great Dane owner and part of Great Dane rescue , I can tell you that Dane 's need special food because of their sensitive immune and digestive systems . This video implies that they do not eat more than other large dogs and that males and females are the same size . This is totally incorrect . Males can actually get up to 180lbs -- not the 120lb max the video implies . These are great dogs but people need to understand how large they get , how much they eat , the care and special health concerns such as bloat that need to be watched for . Videos like this one that just show the precious puppy mislead people . It 's unfortunate because ultimately , it 's the dog who suffers . There are too many of these beautiful animals dumped in shelters or worse - on the side of the road because people do n't understand what caring for an animal this size entails . This video would have been a total waste at $ 15 and at $ 24 it was a complete rip off !!!
 What a huge disappointment ! As a cavalier owner , I was really looking forward to this DVD . They claim it 's 60 min but the segment on Cavaliers is only about 20 min.if that . The rest from what I can tell is a training segment on other dogs . I was so disgusted I stopped watching . The video itself shows just one blenheim cavalier puppy the entire time , even when they 're talking about adult cavaliers -LRB- using the same shots , a little girl petting the puppy , a guy talking in front of a home holding the puppy , etc. . Nothing about what they 'll look like when they get older . They use charts to show the growth ?? Boy , did I get ripped off !
 I believed the product was new and and when I received it looked as if it had been a badly taped up return . I did not even open it I immediately returned it at my cost
 The front wheels of the stroller wabble if there is n't enough weight up front . It gets frustrating because I love to take my two Yorkies with me when I walk . I need a heavier weight stroller .
 This review is for the 30 lb stroller , but is surely applicable here : I am absolutely shocked that this product ever made it to market . If a baby stroller with this design ever hit the stores , the company would have been shut down by lawsuits instantly . Take a good look at the picture and I 'll describe the dimensions . The wheelbase -LRB- front to back -RRB- is 20 inches . The wheel width is 14 inches . The bottom of the basket -LRB- where the animal sits -RRB- is 16 inches off the ground . The basket itself is 24 inches long with 9 of those inches BEHIND THE REAR AXLE . If it 's hard to picture those dimensions with a 30 lb . animal inside it , the deal is this - the center of gravity is way too high for the tiny wheel width and length . Any restless dog that weighs more than 10lbs can easily tip this thing over . Making matters far worse , and it is completely beyond comprehension how this happened , there is a full 9 inches of basket that sits behind the rear axle . If the animal simply shifts towards the back of the stroller , down it goes.Now let me clarify one thing - I understand that it is a stroller and you 're supposed to have your hands on the handles . But that 's impossible . You have to put the animal in it and you have to zip it closed . Unless you have two people , you 're going to have moments where you ca n't stabilize it yourself . Or if you let go for even a moment , let 's say to tie your shoe , expect this thing to be sideways if your animal moves at all . If a dog gets up on his hind legs and puts his front paws against a side wall of the basket , it will go over sideways . If he moves toward the back , the front wheels come right up off the ground and the whole unit falls backwards over the rear axle.We borrowed this item from a member of our animal rescue group -LRB- www.fcdf.org -RRB- because one of our rescued dogs is old , overweight , and has a bad back . She has gotten to where she ca n't walk as far as the others so we thought we 'd try this . We observed the dangerous flaw in the design the first time we tried it . I picked her up and put her in the basket and , with both hands on her and not on the stroller , before I could grab the handle she had moved toward the back and tipped it over . After several weeks of serious back pain and trips to the vet , we tried again , acknowledging that we had to be very diligent about stabilizing it at all times . Unfortunately , that kind of diligence is impossible . Sooner or later you 'll need to momentarily let go and before you know it your dog has hit the pavement again . What 's so incredibly stupid about the design is that there is a cargo basket underneath the animal compartment . All they need to do is get rid of it and lower the compartment . One other flaw worth mentioning - the handle needs to extend farther back . Unless you walk with your arms stretched way out in front of you , you 'll find yourself constantly kicking the back wheels or the axle . This a minor issue compared to the injury you could inflict on your pet , but worth pointing out.In summary , I am just astonished that this product could have made it out of the test facility . Maybe a cat or a real small dog could n't knock it over , but I would n't even bet on that . I have contacted the manufacturer , but have not heard back yet . Regardless of what they say , or if they 'll pay my vet bills , this product needs to be taken off the market . Do not buy this . There are other strollers out there . Look for one with a low set basket .
 scares my dachshund - ca n't see out unless he stands - would have been so much better if the screened part did not have the material placed across the front which obstructs pet 's view .
 I 'm concerned about the plastic black mesh window , looks to be coated with some chemical finish . It had a pungent toxic chemical smell to it when first arrived , and even with persistent airing out over several months , smell still persists.I love the idea of a stroller that is more than a cage on a dolly . But I 'm concerned enough about the health safety , and , my dog dislikes riding in it , perhaps for the same reason . It did n't work for us .
 After many years of my 2 doxies riding in their blue Happy Trails stroller , the wheels became worn . I ordered a new Happy Trails stroller in blue , which I immediately returned . Evidently the Happy Trails stroller has been redesigned and made smaller with smaller wheels . Why ? Not only that , but the only other 4 wheeled stroller with the larger wheels -LRB- Jeep Wrangler -RRB- was discontinued . There is now no 4 wheeled stroller for pets with wheels larger than 6.5 '' . As stroller people know , the larger the wheel , the easier to push and 4 wheels are much easier than the 3 wheels to control , not to mention more compact . I am very disappointed in Pet Gear for not producing a replacement for either the Jeep Wrangler nor the larger Happy Trail model ... The Pink Plus is also not as big . With all the good reviews for these strollers , I ca n't imagine why the downsize . I now have to buy new wheels for old stroller ... Pet Gear would have made more money by me buying whole stroller .
 I am absolutely shocked that this product ever made it to market . If a baby stroller with this design ever hit the stores , the company would have been shut down by lawsuits instantly . Take a good look at the picture and I 'll describe the dimensions . The wheelbase -LRB- front to back -RRB- is 20 inches . The wheel width is 14 inches . The bottom of the basket -LRB- where the animal sits -RRB- is 16 inches off the ground . The basket itself is 24 inches long with 9 of those inches BEHIND THE REAR AXLE . If it 's hard to picture those dimensions with a 30 lb . animal inside it , the deal is this - the center of gravity is way too high for the tiny wheel width and length . Any restless dog that weighs more than 10lbs can easily tip this thing over . Making matters far worse , and it is completely beyond comprehension how this happened , there is a full 9 inches of basket that sits behind the rear axle . If the animal simply shifts towards the back of the stroller , down it goes.Now let me clarify one thing - I understand that it is a stroller and you 're supposed to have your hands on the handles . But that 's impossible . You have to put the animal in it and you have to zip it closed . Unless you have two people , you 're going to have moments where you ca n't stabilize it yourself . Or if you let go for even a moment , let 's say to tie your shoe , expect this thing to be sideways if your animal moves at all . If a dog gets up on his hind legs and puts his front paws against a side wall of the basket , it will go over sideways . If he moves toward the back , the front wheels come right up off the ground and the whole unit falls backwards over the rear axle.We borrowed this item from a member of our animal rescue group because one of our rescued dogs is old , overweight , and has a bad back . She has gotten to where she ca n't walk as far as the others so we thought we 'd try this . We observed the dangerous flaw in the design the first time we tried it . I picked her up and put her in the basket and , with both hands on her and not on the stroller , before I could grab the handle she had moved toward the back and tipped it over . After several weeks of serious back pain and trips to the vet , we tried again , acknowledging that we had to be very diligent about stabilizing it at all times . Unfortunately , that kind of diligence is impossible . Sooner or later you 'll need to momentarily let go and before you know it your dog has hit the pavement again . What 's so incredibly stupid about the design is that there is a cargo basket underneath the animal compartment . All they need to do is get rid of it and lower the compartment . One other flaw worth mentioning - the handle needs to extend farther back . Unless you walk with your arms stretched way out in front of you , you 'll find yourself constantly kicking the back wheels or the axle . This a minor issue compared to the injury you could inflict on your pet , but worth pointing out.In summary , I am just astonished that this product could have made it out of the test facility . Maybe a cat or a real small dog could n't knock it over , but I would n't even bet on that . I have contacted the manufacturer , but have not heard back yet . Regardless of what they say , or if they 'll pay my vet bills , this product needs to be taken off the market . Do not buy this . There are other strollers out there . Look for one with a low set basket .
 We went shopping for a stroller for our handicapped dog this weekend and they had two on display , the one listed here and this one
 My dog stroller was purchased from Petgear.inc directly . The warranty is very limitedto 30 days . My zipper tore off in 2 months . I only used it 2x a week on weekends . I amvery careful . The zipper is zipped -LRB- in use -RRB- each time you close up the stroller to putit down for storage . The quality must be poor . Dont get this !!!!!!!
 Please look for a stroller that is n't going to tip over with your pet in it and also one that has reflective material on it . Your pet could easily roll into a street inadvertently at night . It has happened to me , and I am glad my stroller had reflective strips on it.Kyjen Outward Hound Walk 'n Roll Pet Stroller , Navy Blue
 I was so excited for this kit to arrive because we 're getting our kitten from a breeder in less than a week and I love crafts so it seemed like the perfect combination . Let me tell you there is no way a five year old could make this toy . I was 23 and had issues making it . The instructions were really vague and the thread they gave you was too thick to fit through the needle . What a mess . =-LRB- I needed up using stuff out of my own sewing kit to complete the mice . They came out okay after an hour or two of frustration .
 I really hate to give a bad review , but I did not like this video at all . It was boring and repetative and showed the same puppy over and over .
 This item smelled really good when I opened it . But the good smell only lasted for about a week at most . I will not buy again ! The label says it lasts up to 30 days . NO it last about 7 days !
 One of my cats has a urinary tract condition and my vet suggested using an unscented clumping litter as one of several strategies to make things easier on the cat . Arm & Hammer Super Scoop was the first one I tried . I gave it a good run -LRB- probably six months -RRB- but had to give up.Let me tell you a little bit about the way I use kitty litter so you can judge for yourself whether this product will work for you . I have four cats and four litter boxes . Naturally , all the cats want to `` go '' in the same box , but that 's beside the point . I use 3 or 4 20-lb boxes of kitty litter to fill the boxes after I scrub them . I scoop regularly until the level of litter in the box is low . Then I 'll top off with another 20-lb box . When the litter gets low a second time , I go ahead and do a full cleaning . This process usually completes itself on the order of 3-5 weeks , with my cats.I did not find the Arm & Hammer to be too dusty , and I did not find it to have a scent -LRB- which is good , since it 's supposedly unscented -RRB- . And for the first couple of months , it was serviceable . But I noticed a change in the quality a couple of months in , and it never did resolve itself . I do n't know if they changed the formula or I got multiple bad batches in a row , or what , but the performance of the litter took a turn for the worse and never improved.What happened was my house started smelling like cat urine , whereas it never had before -LRB- following the exact same procedure outlined in an earlier paragraph -RRB- . At about the same time , I noticed that the litter stopped clumping after awhile or , occasionally , the clumps would break apart when I scooped -LRB- into pieces small enough that a normal scooper would n't actually catch them -RRB- . So every time I scooped , I was essentially spreading the urine litter all around , rather than removing it . At first , this only happened after I did the refill -LRB- as described above -RRB- , but later , it started happening even with freshly-cleaned boxes . The odor control capabilities of the Arm & Hammer litter were lasting a very short time , and I eventually had to give up on using it all together , as it was just not economical to buy 80 pounds of the stuff every week .
 I got the unscented because I was struggling to find a cat litter that my picky little angels would use . Unfortunately , this one was not the magic product . I love the arm & hammer ; line of products and what little they used this one was a great experience -LRB- little weird to say ... cat poop and all -RRB- , but my cats hated it and they have the final say in that department ... So , if your cat will use it , then by all means it is a great product , but unfortunately it is up to the kitties on this one.Now when I say great product
 i have used arm and hammer super scoop FRAGRANCE FREE clumping cat litter happily for several years . it is NO LONGER REALLY FRAGRANCE FREE , and emits some chemical fumes . they are so determined to mask cat elimination odors that they have sacrificed the unscented feature i needed.Arm & Hammer Super Scoop Clumping Litter , Unscented , 14-Pound
 I have asthma and ca n't tolerate strong fragrances or chemical smells . I bought this and it was like setting off a chemical perfume bomb in bathroom . Lots of fine dust , and the entire apartment reeked until I opened all the windows and set bowls of vinegar out.The company is offering me a refund . I 'm not sure if I just got a mislabeled box , but for anyone else with an allergy or intolerance to fragrance , watch out . I recommend any of the natural pine varieties instead -LRB- Feline Pine , etc. . -RRB-
 I bought this for my tabby cat with short to medium fur . He has developed a slight problem with what we affectionately call ... er ... `` booty fluff '' The hair on the back top of his legs is not getting as groomed as it should be and he looks like he is slightly molting or perhaps wearing cat chaps . You can pull the fur out in clumps with your hand -LRB- sorry for the TMI -RRB- and this brush did NOTHING . If the fur is so loose you can pluck it out by hand then the brush should have easily removed it . It did n't . I tried it on other areas on his body and while he liked it -LRB- as he likes to be brushed -RRB- it did n't do much of anything . The little bit of fur it did remove was blown about as it has a circle shape . There is nothing to catch the loose fur on so what little it did , it did messily . I tried different angles to the brushing but gave up . I returned it for a refund through Amazon who was GREAT with the return . The item is a complete waste of money . And if you meet my cat Stanley , please do n't mention the booty fluff , he would be mad I told the entire Amazon community about his junk in the trunk .
 This bed was small-not for the size dog they recomended-and very flimsy . I could feel the tile floor through the bottom of the bed easily . The sides of the bed were barely higher than the bottom . The only thing good about this bed is the cute material , but that was not enough to keep me from returning it . Overall , poor quality and construction .
 I own a 90lb dog . This `` large '' brush is not big enough for a large cat . It 's too much of a hassle to return so I gave the brush to my sister who has an 8lb dog .
 If you want to spend the day hunting for your hamster , please put him/her or in this cage and walk off for an hour or so.Silly me , I thought if I bought a cage designed FOR a hamster , it would keep her in . -LRB- NOT a dwarf hamster , by the way -RRB- . My mistake.Not sure what the solution is yet , but I guess we 'll have to find it .
 This has things you do n't need and is missing things you do need ! There is no timothy hay !!! there is no litter box !!! this is the opposite of a starter kit - it is a start on the wrong foot kit.Save money and get a pen or a baby-gate , a litter box , some HAY ! and a water dish , lots more toys than that dinky thing , and pellets that are good for rabbits , and little bun bun will be ever so much happier !
 This cage is waaaaaaay too small ! My cage is literally 18 times the size of this cage , and technically my cage is a little smaller than recommended . But putting a guinea pig let alone two guinea pigs in this cage is abuse !
 This `` starter cage '' is all wrong for a pet rabbit . Firstly , it is WAY too small for any rabbit to live comfortably in . Do n't waste your money on this . Buy an X-Pen -LRB- dog exercise pen-see below -RRB- instead and you 'll have a happy rabbit . Bunnies should n't be cooped up in tiny cages with wire bottoms anyway . Bad for bunny and bunny 's feet.Midwest Gold - Zinc Indoor/Outdoor Exercise Pet Pen , 24W x 24H
 Hi I do n't own this but I would like to say that this cage is way too small for a guinea pig or rabbit , especially more than one . It is cramped and gives them no room to play or exercise . Every guinea pig website I have visited has said that the MINIMUM requirements for ONE guinea pig is a cage atleast 7.5 square feet . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This cage is way too small for a guinea pig . If you have a baby pig , then it could live in the cage for a few months , but no adult guinea pig should be in this cage.The food bowl is crap - guinea pigs will just tip it over . You never need a ceramic bowl that has some weight to it.The bedding they give you is also bad - it sticks to guinea pigs , and puts out a lot of dust -LRB- which is very bad for guinea pigs ! -RRB- .
 I was soo excited to receive my cage set up in the mail however imagine my suprise to find there was no pet with it . After crying my eyes out for about 10 minutes thinking he had gotten loose from the box and cage , my friend and I trapped a squirrel from the yard and now peanut is my new pet .
 A plastic cage is NOT the place for a House Rabbit . They can chew through the plastic.Their diets should be at least 60 % Timothy Hay then greens . There is so much more to a delicate rabbit 's digestive system & eating their way through a plastic cage is not a good start .
 Many people are n't aware but guinea pigs require a cage that is at least 7.5 square feet in size for a single male or two females . That is the very minimum . They also NEED an unlimited supply of hay which does not come with this `` complete '' starter kit.Guinea Pig Daily DietA guinea pigs daily diet should consist of the following : ~ 1/8 -1 / 4 cup of timothy based pellets -LRB- make sure it contains no `` extras '' like corn , seed , and colorful bits -RRB- ~ One cup of veggies -LRB- Try to make sure that this consists of at least three different types of veggies -RRB- ~ Unlimited timothy hay ~ your guinea pig should only receive fruits twice a week ~ Ideal Veggies areBeetroot - This should be in raw form rather than pickled . It is high in antioxidants and other nutrients . Guinea pigs love the leaves as well as the root itself . Feeding too often may result in red urine.Bell peppers These are very high in vitamin C. Remember to remove all seeds before giving them to your pets.Broccoli - High in vitamin C , but can cause an upset stomach if fed too frequently.Carrots - Cavies also love the leaves , so buy in bunches with leaves intact.Cauliflower leaves - Guinea pigs should n't be fed the flower itself , but the leaves are very good for them.Celery - A very popular food , and the leaves can be fed as well . Be sure to cut it into small chunks as it is very stringy and can be difficult to eat.Corn - Guinea pigs love the raw kernels , as well as the leaves.Cucumber - This is mostly water and so has little nutritional value . However , it is excellent for keeping your pets cool and providing an extra source of water in hot weather.Dandelion leaves - When available -LRB- during the spring and summer -RRB- , these are a great leaf to feed your pets.Kale - This is related to the cabbage family , and is very similar to cabbage leaves . Very high in vitamin C.Parsley - A good vitamin C source and very popular , but it is also high in calcium , so avoid it if your pet has a history of developing bladder stones.Romaine -LRB- cos -RRB- lettuce - Dark , leafy lettuces such as Romaine are an excellent source of nutrients . However , you should avoid other types of lettuce such as icebergTomatoes - Baby tomatoes are ideal , or you can feed your pigs a slice from a larger tomato . Be sure to remove the seeds if doing this , and also remove the green stalk as this can be poisonous.Ideal FruitsApples - These can be quite acidic , so choose varieties that are more ` flowery ' and less ` crunchy ' . Leave the skin on as guinea pigs love this part best.Banana - Relatively low in vitamin C but rich in other nutrients but be careful as it can cause constipationCherries - Some guinea pigs like their sweet taste , others find them too rich . Feed these occasionally.Cranberries - Very high in vitamin C . Many guinea pig owners also recommend cranberry juice , particularly when nursing a sick pig back to health . Do n't feed too much though or it can cause stomach upset.Grapefruit - Pink , red , and white varieties are all good sources of vitamin C , but they can be too sour for some pigs . They are high in water content so are refreshing in warm weather.Kiwi - Extremely high in vitamin C and considered very good for cavies.Mango - Their high water content makes them very refreshing.Melon - Again , high in water content . Be sure to remove all seeds before feeding.Oranges - You can feed your pigs any variety of orange citrus fruit , including satsumas , tangerines , and clementines . With all of these , be sure to remove the pips and rind.Peaches - Fairly low in vitamin C but refreshing.Pear - Very watery and low in nutritional value , these are best reserved purely for refreshment on hot summer days.Raisins - These are a convenient size , but are very sweet so should n't be given too often.Raspberries - Some guinea pigs find these too tart to eat , others love them.Strawberries - Another popular summer fruit , also very high in vitamin C.Foods you MUST avoidYogurt DropsIceberg lettuceAny type of cabbage . CauliflowerPotatoDry beans and peasShelled nuts or seedsRhubarbAny type of meat or fish.Dairy ProductsChocolate , coffee or other caffeine-containing products.Alcoholhamster food , gerbil food , rabbit food , or any other non-guinea pig food.corn kernels . Popcorn is n't a very good idea eithersugary foods like donuts , candy , or sodaIce cream.Any processed or fried foods that you would eatCheeseAnything spicyLong stalks of celeryAvocadoCoconutGarlic or pungent onionsHorse radishJams jellies and fruit preservativesMushroomsPeanut butterBaked goodsPickled veggiesThe only upside is that they actually use correct pellets and bedding -LRB- a guinea pig can only have aspen , fleece , or paper based bedding -RRB- . Also as a side note make sure you do n't use a harness , exercise ball , or wheel because those are extremely harmful for guinea pigs backs .
 Greetings : Only buy this cage if you want to chase hamsters . The top sides of the front and back offer ample space for a hamster to easily make his/her escape . So , since I did not want to chuck it , I now I have a cage with an old telephone line criss-crossing the gaps like barbed wire at a prison on two sides , which is most attractive for a 6 year old girl 's frilly bedroom ... . I could not possibly imagine that the manufacturers actually put a hamster in this cage to test it . What a laughable product . I was attracted to the idea that the hamsters would be in open air , rather than in a plastic tube-thing . I would get my money back if I could , but I can not return a used cage , especially once they poo/pee in it ... which is within the first five minutes . Do not buy this product , it is crap .
 As a ferret owner and a worker at a store where this cage is sold , I thought I 'd post my review.The cage is of decent size . I would n't recommend housing more than one ferret in this cage though , it 's simply not big enough.As far as anything else included in this `` kit '' I would just throw it out.My issues : - Shavings as bedding/litter . Shavings are dusty and cause respiratory issues in ferrets . The oils can be harmful to them . I 'd prefer to see Critter Litter or a paper pellet litter.-No litterpan . Ferrets prefer to do their business in one area and it 's more sanitary to provide them a box.-One of the unhealthiest ferret foods on the market . Ferrets are obligate carnivores and only digest meat . The food included in this kit contains rice , soybean meal , wheat , and beetpulp . -LRB- MoreDooks food chart used for reference -RRB- . Just asking for insulinoma with this food-A waterbottle . In my humble opinion and experience , ferrets tend to drink more from a dish and ferrets are not rodents and should drink from a dish like a dog or cat would , not a bottle.-No lock on food dishes . Anyone with a food flinger will understand.-Apparently the care sheet advises ferret owners to wash the ferret every week ! 1-2 times a year is ideal so as to not dry out the skin and cause overproduction of oils.At least it comes with a hammock and jingle toy .
 As someone who rescues rabbits , I can tell you this is a terrible environment for your rabbit . Your rabbit needs much more space . It is easier and cheaper to get an excersize pen and litterbox train your rabbit . No need for expensive bedding , which can cause resperatory problems in rabbits . If you rescue a rabbit , they are litterbox trained already and spayed/neutered -LRB- ALWAYS SPAY OR NUETER YOUR RABBIT . Doing so can extend its lifespan from 4-5 years to 8-11 years and cut down on aggression and other unwanted behaviors -RRB- . You should n't give them this food either . They need unlimited timothy hay , timothy hay pellets every day -LRB- about a 1/4 cup for a 5 pound rabbit -RRB- , and a mix of fresh greens daily . That 's it . Check out a book called The House Rabbit Handbook by Harriman . This should be your ultimate resource . Do n't buy into vitamin drops and other items . You do n't need them if they are getting the greens and hay they need . And PLEASE , DO NOT BUY A RABBIT FOR EASTER . Most rabbits purchased for Easter are abandoned or ignored . About 80 % die due to neglect . Remember rabbits are animals that will live 8-11 years and are a real responsibility . Please adopt . There are so many unwanted rabbits out there.House Rabbit Handbook
 The size is good . The added items are good - large bag of food and bedding.But the cage does n't have a cage bottom -- only the Blue -LRB- NOT PURPLE -RRB- plastic bin . This means the rabbit wo n't stay clean if he is n't potty trained . It is advertised to just pull the bottom out , but you ca n't do that . You have to take the top of the cage completely off . It 's also kinda crappy - there 's no way that door would stay shut without us tying wire . Shoulda got a true bunny cage from a feed store - Would have been only ten dollars more . It would have lasted a lifetime and been sturdy and functional . I would NOT recommend this cage .
 I purchased the guinea pig and ferret starter kits ; however , I actually have a guinea pig and chinchilla , rather than a ferret . I needed something to use as temporary homes when I have a holiday from school and go to stay and visit with my parents . The fact that the cage came with bowls , bedding , water bottles , and toys was an added bonus to the reasonable price , which was the main selling point for a law student on a budget . I would like to caution , though , that the guinea pig cage is not nearly large enough to properly accommodate a guinea pig on a daily basis . As I said , I only purchased these cages to use for a couple of days every few months . If I could afford to purchase the types of cages that my little friends have at my home , I certainly would have done so . Please , purchase a cage that allows your little guy plenty of room . Guinea pigs require at least 7.5 square feet for one pig and 10.5 square feet for two pigs . Please , please , please make your purchase with this fact in mind . The Cavy Cages site is pretty neat , but for those of you less talented with creating , like myself , Pervue offers a very nice cage option for large rabbits that meets the 7.5 minimum . I ordered mine from the local pet store where I work , but it 's my understanding that you can choose the colors and sizes to match any room when you purchase from the manufacture . This option is more expensive , though . As far as the ferret cage goes , I do n't have any serious complaints . Yes , it is much smaller than my chin 's cage at home , but this cage is not designed specifically for chinchillas . Also , her poo gets all over the shelves , which is quite icky , but I know that ferrets may be trained to use litter boxes ; so , I guess if you own a ferret , then it 's just right for your purposes . I bought her some smaller pine shelves , which are much easier to de-poo . Anyway , if you have a chinchilla and purchase that cage , I would say that it 's ok for a starter home . As far as shipping goes , I must say thank you , Amazon . I needed these two cages before my trip , and Amazon delivered them to my parents ' home within two days of purchase . So nice to not have to transport the cages myself , and know that they 're already there ! Long story short
 I have a 5 pound dutch bunny . I bought this cage because the worker at the pet store assured me it was plenty big enough for him . I ca n't put anything in the cage other than his food dish and litter box , and he still barely has room . I ca n't put his large dome in there that I purchased him . There 's just no room , and I feel bad for him . The cage was a waste of money .
 This kit is OK for a little while , if your a beginner at owning a guinea pig , but avoid the bedding , it is n't good . The food is ok temporarily , but Oxbow Cavy Cuisine is much better and healthier . The cage is too small for even ONE guinea pig ! Generally , the cage size for ONE guinea pig is 30 '' x 36 '' -LRB- 7.5 square feet the minimum , it is prefered by your piggies to be more though -RRB- this cage is 18 '' x 30 '' -LRB- less than 7.5 sq. ft -RRB- . Some people , including myself , are putting 2 or more guinea pigs in these cages ! Please , do your little piggy a favor and get them a BIG cage , where they have room to run around and popcorn , and to do anything they please . SuperPet , we love your products , but this is a disappointment .
 1 -RRB- Do not use the pine bedding that comes with this cage !! When we picked up our hamster from the MSPCA , they said this kind of bedding causes respiratory problems in small animals .2 -RRB- Our cage came with a water bottle , but no wire to attach it to the cage .3 -RRB- The `` toy '' is not the right size for this cage . It is way too long and hangs down in the litter , which is not hygienic for the hamster .4 -RRB- I know you want a secure latch , but OMG , this cage is so hard to open.I wish I did not buy this online so I could return it without eating the charges ! We had to make several changes so it can be usable . We bought proper bedding , altered the toy so it could be hung properly , and made our own wire hanger for the bottle . I wo n't play with the latch though . Not worth losing our hamster over .
 IT IS RECOMMENDED FOR EACH GUINEA PIG TO HAVE AT LEAST , LEAST , LEAST 9 SQUARE FEET OF ROOM . Even if you take them out and exercise them for hours , you are doing your poor baby , let alone more than one piggie a grave injustice . Guinea pigs are pack animals so 2 is minimum you should have . Preferably female , who at times will fight to establish dominance ; but males will usually fight no matter what , eventually they have to establish dominance -LRB- please realize female + male mix VERY well , then u will have much more than 2 -RRB- . In this small cage no real room for hiding places , or toys . The more room they have , the happier they will be . A good website for Piggie owners -LRB- even if you 've had them for a while , or before -RRB- is :[ ... -RSB- PLEASE do research , DO NOT ASK PET STORE PERSONNEL , except for the rare case where they are experienced owners or experts some other way , for advice , they are trained to sell , not to teach . In this area it is common for a new guinea pig to come hone in a 1foot x 2foot cage . Not good ...
 UPDATE
 Please be an informed consumer and do some research on the ingredients or consult with the manufacturer before using this shampoo on your cat . After bathing my 3 cats in this shampoo , and all of them falling violently ill , I discovered that over half of the ingredients are poisonous to felines . And while the shampoo is everything it claimed to be , smelled great , made their fur shiny , cleared up one cats skin infection , it also nearly killed them . If you have a dog buy this product . If you have a cat ... keep shopping !
 Do not use this shampoo on cats . I did and my older cat licked my kitten and got very sick . I had read the label and it says that it 's safe for our furry pets , so I figured it must be safe for cats . I called the emergency vet and they said to immediately wash the cats with Dawn dishwashing soap and I did and the older cat felt better immediately . I wish they would n't imply on the label that it 's safe for all pets . I love this shampoo for my dogs , too . Not sure I will buy it again , though .
 I recently ordered two bottles of Out Spot and was surprised to receive Good Buddy . Was even more surprised when neither pump worked -LRB- switched one out from my Out Spot that had a few drops left -RRB- - but was more surprised that the product no longer works . We have an old dog -LRB- 17 -RRB- and she has had a few accidents recently and I was n't worried because Out Spot has always been such an effective product . No longer . Do not waste your money . I will be looking for a new product -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- .
 Bought this after successfully using an earlier version of this product for wine stains , but apparently they 've changed the formula -LRB- the label and name on the bottles I received do not look like the picture on the internet and are different from what I purchased earlier , though it still says Out Spot in small letters on the label and was sold as such online when I bought it -RRB- . But this time it did NOT work to satisfaction on fresh wine stains . Used it immediately after spilling the wine while they were still wet , soaked the items overnight as recommended on the label , but it still left a very visible purplish-grey stain on cotton . The earlier version of the product used to work like magic .
 I 'm not sure if there 's one-size-fits-all here , but the mitten is way too big for my hands -LRB- which are normal sized -RRB- . This means that it 's difficult to wiggle the fingers , and before too long my fingers begin to ache and I have to take it off.I 'd recommend checking out the size before purchasing .
 I think this product was over-rated ! I thought that it sounded so perfect , but when I received it , the glove was too big . I have normal to big hands ! There is no reason that glove should be that big ! Plus , maybe my cat is different than the others , but it scared him to death . He hates the Kitten Mitten .
 Pros
 My dog had two of these . ONe I got when she was much younger and loved it but lost it . Now she is almost a year old and bought her another one . She tore the whole thing apart in an hour . Not a good toy for big dogs dont wast the money on a big dog that will eat it in a short amount of time .
 I bought several of these but neither our herding dogs or the setter liked them . Who knows why they like what they like though ?
 I purchased one of these for two 7 month old shepherds . I have used both the small -LRB- 4 '' -RRB- and large versions . So far , I have purchased 5 of the small ones and 4 of the large ones . My dogs are crazy about them and , except for meat , they are the absolute best attention getter I have found for these two dogs . Our third dog , a 5 year old completely ignores them . I agree with one of the other posts that it is simply destroyed in less than an hour and often shredded within a day or two . They seem to be trying to get to the squeaky internal parts . What I have finally learned is that `` pony '' balls - actually made for horses , hold up much , much better even though they do not squeak . So clearly , the balls could be made tougher.I wish there was a more durable version !
 I thought that it `` wiggled '' on it 's own ... but NO you have to move it yourself ... I purchased this for my yorkies ... and they are NOT interested in it one bit ! Not a GREAT toy unless your dog LOVES balls ... Then maybe it would be more fun for them . I purchased 2 of these things !! TOO much money spent on a dumb toy !
 I have bought a similar item at petsmart before , and thought that I was getting the same thing . the quality of this ball did not meet my expectations .
 Welsh terrier loved this ball . He is a relatively small dog -LRB- 21 lbs -RRB- but an aggressive chewer . Unfortunately this ball did not hold up at all . He tore it to pieces within one week . It is very expensive to last such a short period of time . I was disappointed that it could not withstand his bite for a longer period of time . He was very upset when we had to take it away from him but he was just tearing off chunks of the ball and we were afraid he would choke on it .
 Out of all of the balls we have purchased from Amazon this past season , this was the most disapointing . There was a hole in it in less that five minutes and had to be throw out .
 I got an email from Amazon that this was priced down from $ 30 something to $ 16 or so . I click on the link to shop and then just to check the price type it into Google and turns out that almost everyplace is selling this item for less than $ 16 !!! Shop around before buying because you can find it cheaper
 I bought this for my year old standard schnauzer and he chewed it up in minutes . It does have the cutest noise ever ... a squeak , beep rattle combination . A small dog might be just fine with this . My dog did love it ... to death .
 My adult dog and a friend of mine 's adult dog neither one found this ball interesting enough to play with . Would probably be good for a curious puppy . The `` noise '' maker did n't work as well as expected .
 I bought 2 . They lasted about one minute each with my 6 month old Australian Shepherd ! I was so scared he would choke on one of the pieces . Never again !
 I remembered this ball from years ago , when our older dog was a puppy . She loved it . It was made of hard plastic and made wonderful noises when she rolled it . So I ordered one for our new puppy . The design has changed to a soft rubber and within 15 minutes the puppy had chewed through this $ 15.00 and we were left with dangerous pieces of rubber we had to retrieve from his mouth . Value $ 1.00 per 1 minute . And dangerous .
 My fur kids really loved this ball . The only problem is that it only lasted about 30 minutes before they destroyed it !
 My 44 pound German Shepherd mix broke the sound mechanism within 30 minutes , after that it was as good as a tennis ball . Eventually , she ripped open the toy . I wo n't buy another one .
 It barely makes any noise . The one I got may be broken but it rarely makes noise and it is hard for my dog to get her mouth around ! -LRB- I have a greyhound -RRB-
 This was bigger than expected -LRB- my bad , the size is listed -RRB- so it was too big for my dogs .
 First kudos to Amazon for super-fast shipping!Now to the product itself.My dog is an older &#34; Westy &#34; . He did like the ball but within 3 hours had destroyed it.I need to find a ` squeaky ball ' that he can not chew thru.I know it says ... supervision is needed ... which there was ... me!What is really needed is a indestructible squeaky ball ... I had peoplewho told me this ball was the answer ... not for my dog !
 What ball ? My Jack Russell totally tore it up in no time at all . Ca n't find a decent toy for a dog that is going blind . Thought this would be great .
 Was disappointed in the size . It is to big for my small dog . She could not open her mouth wide enough to pick it up.This ball is good for medium to large size dogs.I will be giving this ball to the SPCA . That is way I did not send it back to you .
 I have a 14 pound Westie . She loved the ball , but within 3 minutes of giving her the ball she chewed it to pieces . I was glad I was in the room with her so I could take it away before she choked on the pieces . Cute idea , but not tough enough for even a 14 pound dog.The ball was delivered quickly , but demolished quickly also .
 When I received this Ball , I was surprised how big it was , considering it was a ` small ' dog toy.My 9 month old puppy -LRB- Pug & Jack Russel Terrier Mix -RRB- chewed it apart in 30 min . It was a waste of my money .
 This item is called a `` giggly ball '' , but it is not a giggle ball . A giggle ball makes a giggling sound when it hits the floor . This does n't . It also a size small , but I have a toy poodle , and it is too big for his mouth . I do not recommend this item .
 We bought our dog this ball for Christmas and within 7 minutes it was in the trash . She had broken the ball apart and chewed a large piece of it off . Our dog is not really an agressive chewer and usually plays with balls . I feel the plastic material was very thin and flexible which made the tear possible.Would not reccomend .
 `` Extra Durable for Pets '' They must have used a doq with no teeth for T&E . Lasted 2 days with my Boxer . Waste of $ 8.95 + shipping
 I bought this toy after reading reviews about high energy dogs running around with it to the point of exhaustion . That 's great , but unfortunately that 's if the toy survives that long . I have a 6 month old lab/blue heeler mix who loves to chew and LOVES squeaky toys . He played with it non-stop for 15 min. , which is a feat for an intelligent dog that bores very easily and can figure out all the treat dispensing puzzles we have bought him in under 30 sec . This toy get a hole in it and the squeaky part were dislodged in under 15 min . A complete waste of money if your dog likes to chew and is bigger than a `` small '' dog . Just stick to throwing around 99 cent tennis balls and bargain bin squeakers , which have lasted longer than this toy and are much more disposable because they are so much cheaper .
 My dog , a 9 year-old Shih-Poo , loves toys and loves things that make noise . This ball was too big for him to play with , it was too hard for him to roll around , and the noises are very difficult to make . He is interested when i am shaking it , but loses interest when it hits the ground . I can see how this is fun for really big dogs , but the title `` small '' is misleading .
 This `` wiggly giggly '' ball was very disappointing . I ordered the first one that seemed to be defective , which of course amazon was quick to replace . The second one came and was no better than the first one . It would only make those cute little noises if I shook it like a crazy person , but as soon as I would roll it for my little dog , it went mute . He lost interest in it pretty fast after that so it went back . I would have kept it for just a regular ball for him but at almost $ 12 , I thought that was a little pricey for a do nothing ball .
 I had a Wiggly Giggly ball for may dog that lasted about four months . She loved it and it was one of her favorite toys so I bought another one -LRB- I thought -RRB- . This Wiggly Giggly is n't the same thing as I had before . The sounds are the same and the only difference in looks is this one has blue paw prints on it . However , the first one was very hard plastic . This one is made of a soft plastic . She destroyed it in about 10 to 15 minutes .
 Disappointed . Still waiting for `` wiggly . '' Without the `` wiggly , '' it becomes a boring ball - a pretty EXPENSIVE boring ball ! Actually it 's more of a rock , because it 's too hard for my German Shepherd to really bite/hold ... bummer .
 I saw this in a catalog and thought it would be really fun for my Golden that was 1 1/2 years at the time . And when it came in the mail it was really cute , you shake it and it wiggled , and rolled around on it own , and we played with it for a good 10 minutes before she took a bite out of it . It said durable in the description and although it did feel hard enough to last , my pup took 15 minutes tops to destroy it . Buy this toy if you only plan to play with it once -LRB- very briefly ! -RRB-
 This is not a toy for aggressive dogs . Light plastic dog chewed threw it within 5 minutes . It has pieces inside that a dog could get choked on .
 Years ago I purchased this product for my energetic golden retriever and it lasted for a few years . He played with the wiggle giggle and had fun batting it around the room.Now I have a 8 month old golden and decided to purchase the item since my other golden enjoyed this toy . When I first gave it to him , he enjoyed playing with it and I was pleased he enjoyed it just as much as my older golden . In about 5 mintues he got 3 small holes in it with his teeth . I took it away and saw that the damage was n't that bad but thought it was best to only have him play with it for a short time and supervised . I gave it to him the next day and he was excited to play with it after about 2 mintues he chewed a large hole in it and that was the end of that toy . Not worth spending the money and am disappointed that it does n't last like it use to .
 This toy was dead on delivery-no sound . I still gave it to my GSD who promptly chewed out the little sound holes . I hope he did n't manage to swallow any of those little pieces .
 I ordered the wiggly giggly ball for my dog and it dont wiggle or giggle even when he moves it . It is a waste of money and I wish I could return it . So dont waste your time or money ordering it . I have a poodle/shitzu mix dog .
 My dog loved this toy and he got a lot of use out of it . The only problem is the he shredded it the whole time . It was a disaster within hours . The rubber is like a cheap dollar store sqeek toy . He still wanted to play with it , but almost choked on a loose piece , so we had to throw it away . Not worth the money .
 This is not a toy for dogs ... be careful your dog may chew it into pieces and swallow it and the surgery is very expensive !!!! It does n't ' wiggle ! WTF
 I bought 2 Wiggly Giggly -LRB- Lg . -RRB- kids balls for my Twin Niece and Nephew from Amazon . These are Great toys and they Loved them . Colorful , amusing noises , well made.When I heard the noises that these kids Wiggly Giggly balls made , I knew I had to buy one for my Parents new puppy . So I went back to Amazon and found this smaller Wiggly Giggly ball made for multi-pets . Upon recieving this Multipet Wiggly Giggly , I was disapointed because it does not make the noises that the kids ball does and you actually have to shake it very hard just to get a small squeek . This should Never be sold under the same Wiggly Giggly name . I guess it 's OK if you just want a ball for your pet , but not at this price.Someone should be sueing someone for name infringments . The puppy was more amused with eating the box than this toy .
 This is a cute toy , but is n't durable for a lab puppy . My puppy , who is 1 years old , chewed up this toy during the week that i got it in the mail . The plastic covering seems hard , toy is very cute , and attracts a dog 's attention , but i think that you might need a sturdier toy for a dog who loves to chew and play !
 I purchased this toy for my pug . Several people raved about how much their dogs enjoyed playing with the ball . It does not make the giggly sounds very easily . We basically just roll it around on the floor and once or twice during play it makes a sound.This is the same outside or inside . The type of flooring does n't seem to effect it much . This may be great for a bigger dog . Just not my dog .
 I bought this for my toy poodle ... who promptly chewed the edges into little pieces . The package says that the noise makers have small metal rings , and that your the toy should be taken away from your dog if they start chewing on it ... I believe that took about 15 minutes at my house ... not worth the price at all ! The packaging does not include any guarantee , or phone number to call with a complaint ... only purchase this if you dog has no interest in chewing toys .
 This is a cute toy , but is n't durable for a lab puppy . My puppy , who is 1 years old , chewed up this toy during the week that i got it in the mail . The plastic covering seems hard , toy is very cute , and attracts a dog 's attention , but i think that you might need a sturdier toy for a dog who loves to chew and play !
 This was the 2nd time that I ordered the Smokehouse USA Chicken Stix . The 1st order had USA printed right on the bag , this one had a USA sticker over the China sticker . In addition , the product looked entirely different . Obviously I am concerned . I pay more to ensure I am not feeding my `` fur kids '' products from China . If it happens again , I 'll stop ordering all Smokehouse products on-line .
 This product does not - unless I am overlooking it - indicate the number of ounces of Lori food they are selling.I ordered it and got an amount that was a small fraction of the identical food that I have ordered from othervendors . What size is this ? What I got was a small container whereas the picture is identical to the muchlarger container that I got from other venders . Shameful !
 my cat is 2 and a half years old and she weighs about 14lbs . the only part of her body that seems to fit in the condo is her head . Although i believe she could squeeze in there , she gets freaked out easily and she is scared to try to get her body in there . it 's a cute idea with the velcro and all but i think it should be sold to people that have kittens so they can get used to it . -LRB- and i got mine for $ 20 so at least i did n't pay too much to find out that my cat ca n't use it ... -RRB-
 I 've had up to 7 cats in my household . I had one cat use the top condo for a few days and then stopped . I still have it out and my cats lay down outside of it , just to spite me . I have bought those cheap $ 4.99 cubes at Wal-Mart that you can hook together . My cats love those . This is way too much money to spend on an item of pressed wood covered in fake fur that my cats ignore .
 The gemstones that appear to be red glass are actually clear glass gemstones painted red . The description does n't make this information clear . The photo of the item looks like 100 % red glass gemstones but this is not the case .
 i use them in my aquariums . i have blue ones and green ones . my friend 's i did with red and black.they are 1 dollar a bag at the dollar store .
 Color is very dark red and little or no shine . I was able to purchase nicer ones of the brightness I wanted and cheaper '
 I just recieved this item and put it together very easy . I am using it to seperate two different types of baby cichlids in my 55 gallon tank . This product does not even touch the walls on side of the tank . The babies can still make it by both sides of the so called seperater . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I think that it should be taken off the market and this company should be taken to court for false advertisement ! The only thing this is going to stop from getting to the other side pf your tank is the fish fecies that gets caught on the center of it.DON ' T WASTE OR TIME WAITING FOR THIS PRODUCT TO COME IN THE MAIL ... BETTER YET DON `` T WAIST YOUR MONEY BUYING IT !
 I bought this divider to divide my ten gallon so I could house two male bettas . Now , this divider might work well for other fish , but it is not suited at all for bettas . The mesh screen that comes with this divider is crystal clear and bettas can see straight through it . Before buying this product I had read reviews that this kind of divider is OK because bettas will just flare at each other for a few days , get used to seeing each other and then live peaceably ; however , from my experience , the stress this divider creates for bettas is really , REALLY not worth it . I started with two happy bettas and after using this screen for about 4 days I now have two bettas that have stress-induced fin tears . I tested my tank water and there 's nothing wrong with it , the problem is that this divider just stressed them out too much . I even tried to prevent my bettas from seeing each other by putting plants next to the screen and replacing the clear screen with plastic canvas but it was no use , they would just swim in and around the plants and flare at each other and they can see through plastic canvas . I finally took one of the bettas out today and put him in a fish bowl and I can only hope that their fins will regrow , but I really would not recommend this divider for betta owners . I will say that the divider itself worked well at keeping the fish apart , it stayed up straight and they did n't jump over the top so I think that if you used this with other sorts of fish it would probably be okay , but just not with two bettas . Now I find myself with two sick fish and out about 10 bucks from buying this divider and I still have to buy another filter and heater to set up my second betta . BETTA OWNERS
 I have a breeding pair of Red Devils , and I had to put them in a 55 gallon aquarium for the time being . I put them in , and they started fighting . I left them be for a few days , then the girl started getting really tore up . So , I had the bright idea to get a tank divider . That night , my boyfriend ordered it for me and it was here in two days.I installed it , just as the package said to . It fits right from side to side , but top to bottom , there is a 4 '' gap . On top of that , it is very whimsical . Even if installed correctly , it twists around.I tried to just be cheap about it , but now I will just have to spend $ 20 on getting one made . I ca n't believe how disappointing this product was .
 The 55 gallon size does not even come close to fitting a 55 gallon tank . I got it to split my male and female guppies , but there is so much space between the side of the divider and the side of the tank that they have no problem swimming back and forth .
 I got this to divide my 10 gallon tank for my two bettas . First and foremost , the holes in it were way too small . It caused a huge temperature difference in the tank , and kept the filter from working on one side . Secondly , my bettas could see each other and my more aggressive one became very stressed out incredibly fast . Third , it did n't fit right in my tank and somehow it got loose . The next thing I know I have my shy , reserved betta venturing into my very , very aggressive fish 's side . I managed to rescue my little guy before he could get anything more than a good chasing . Thankfully , I had a 3 gallon that I set up rather hastily to house my shy boy.This divider did n't work for my tank , and it could have got my betta seriously injured or even killed had I not been home at the time . Save yourself the money and build your own divider .
 Plastic was so bent that could n't get divider to serve its purpose . Divider is kind of loose too . Not recommended for live bearer fish . Fry always escaped and got eaten by bigger fish .
 This dog car seat has a good overall design concept . The harness allows enough give for your pet to move comfortably while seated . The storage in the base seems logical -LRB- but not easy to actually access -RRB- . Removable seat pad makes it easy to clean , but not always secure . The snack tray is a great idea , but is n't a really great placement . I loved that it was a hard surface , and seems to offer security when using the seat belt.Unfortunately , my car seat was cracked at the base when I bought it . I realized this when I was trying to secure the seat belt . My dog seemed to be fine sitting on it when I tested it at the store . Apparently , if you drop this car seat , it will probably crack after the first drop . It 's probably still usable cracked or broken , but for the price I think the materials could be sturdier . Thicker plastic , like the kind you find used for children 's plastic seats would have been a much better alternative . I wonder if a child 's booster seat might work better?If you 're sure you 'll never drop this seat by accident , then maybe it 's an okay seat because of it 's design . But the materials are very very poor .
 Where do I begin ?! First of all the little happy dog on the ad for this product must have been sedated . The `` cool '' extended legs literally a flop . They are very unstrudy ! Also the `` convenient '' food and water bowel did n't easily attach . Last , but not least the the side straps are confusing to assemble to my pet 's harness . I had to email the company to get better instructions , because the info that came with the product was so vague .
 If I could give this zero stars , I would . It is a terrible pet seat.The sheepskin cushion is thin and provides no support at all . The cushion also slips very easily ; it does not take long for the cushion to end up in the floor . The straps that are meant to secure your pet slip free from seat , and the clasp is terribly difficult to use.I absolutely hate this car seat . Do not waste your money !
 To anyone looking at the `` Good Pet Stuff travelin ' Dog Pet Seat '' . Keep your money . It is a piece of junk and will not preform as advertised . Under any pressure the legs will collapse , putting a seat belt on the unit will collapse the legs . Plastic is fragile and very unstable , wiggles all over . Will not support the weight of a pet more than 5 # . Definitely not worth more than about $ 10 and I would not purchase at that price because it is still unusable!I returned for refund after trying to put into my car . I have a `` Yorke '' and it was ordered for her .
 Toy is supposed to be super tuff so I figured that I would spend a little more $ on it.Within the first 20 min . My Jack Russel had the top of the toy broke open and some of the stuffing pulled out . By the end of the day he had the squeeker from the top pulled out too . I will never waste my $ on these supposed tuff toys again . Between the price of the toy & shipping - It 's very expensive for a toy that does n't meet the Hype !
 First , the seller is fabulous . The product arrived quickly and there were absolutely no problems with that aspect of the order . However , this product has been advertised -LRB- by the maker , again , not the seller -RRB- as being indestructible . Not even close . It did n't make it 24 hours before there was stuffing all over the floor , and shortly after , our dog was pulling the squeakers out one by one . In all fairness , the legs of the toy lasted longer than most . the double stiching there and elsewhere is great , but the head of the octopus was the easy entry for our dog to be able to access the stuffing inside ! Perhaps they make another toy that does n't have such a large head , and it might last longer in our house then !
 My dog ripped this to pieces in a few hours . He did enjoy it but I had hoped for a toy that would last longer . My dog is a SERIOUS chewer so it may be fine for other dogs .
 Purchased 1 of these locally & had high hopes given the tuff scale . 1 of our dogs loves squeakers & I was so excited at the prospect of this toy having squeakers at the end of each arm & in the head . I had also purchased 2 of Tuffy 's nEELmo Sea Creature toys locally a few months ago & while they are on their last legs -LRB- leg ! -RRB- , I figured that given their endurance , this new toy would certainly surpass them . The toy did create a great deal of excitement & fun between our 2 cattle dogs but unfortunately the poor creature was de-headed , de-stuffed & de-squeaked in less than 3 days . Yes , a great deal of tugging & pulling was involved but that is also what the eel sea creature & fire hose squeak 'n fetch toys go through daily . Tuffy 's Lil Oscar ai n't tuff enuff for my tuff dogs & is therefore not worth my tuff earned money !
 I had such high hopes for this toy - after my dog destroyed Captain Kurklops in about 45 minutes by chewing through his mouth , I thought for sure this one would n't have any weak spots . But she decided to perform brain surgery on this poor octopus and chewed straight through his head in about 20 minutes . Side note - you would n't believe how much stuffing is in one of these little guys ! If you have a really strong , determined chewer you may end up disappointed too . My dog is a year-old bull terrier and she is really hard on toys . The Tuffy eel is the only one that lasted months for us .
 I have a brutally aggressive chewer -LRB- 35 lb springer spaniel mix -RRB- that pulled the fabric off the top of the octoupus 's head in less than 30 seconds . She used her incisors to grab hold of and rip off the fabric . Within a few minutes she had removed all of the stuffing from the octopus head . She then ripped into the legs and removed two squeakers in less than an hour.Note my dog has done damage to all toys except the classic kong and bounzer ball . She rips pieces off the kong dental jack and kong stuff-a-ball . So my rating is aimed at owners of extreme chewers .
 My dog is quite the chewer I must say . He is a beagle -LRB- mixed with something im not too sure -RRB- . If your dog is the type of dog that will chew and chew and chew at something with a vengeance then this toy is not for you .
 Our 60 pound golden retriever found this toy `` too tough '' to really pick up and chew ... and play with . Could n't make it squeak and it was awkward to pick up ... she has n't played with it at all . Definitely appears sturdy though .
 Do n't Buy . . my 25 pound boston terrier tore it apart in 15 mins . Unless you have a really small dog I 'd buy something else
 $ 18 dollars and it did n't even last two hours ! Our two dogs have been playing with the donut and bone tuffy 's since Christmas so I thought I 'd try the Octopus ... expensive mistake .
 It took my five-month old puppy about 5 minutes to chew a hole in this thing and start pulling the stuffing out . Hooked once again by baseless manufacturer claims , shame on me . Do n't be fooled .
 I loved the idea of this toy but our dog destroyed it in less then a month . She was a teething terrier mix and used her little pointy teeth to dig at the seems - but it lasted about 25 days longer then most of her other toys.We are now sticking to balls and bones !
 I actually bought the stingray , not the octopus , but they were rated the same -LRB- I believe -RRB- . I saw them both in the store and thought the stingray looked tougher because there was less fabric with stuffing.Yeah , my dog had the thing chewed apart , stuffing everywhere , in under 5 minutes.She 's a pretty aggressive chewer , so I was n't entirely surprised , but I think these toys are aimed at aggressive chewers . If your dog destroys toys , do n't bother . I 've had $ 3 toys last longer than this $ 16 one .
 this pump is model L20 and its not as powerful pump as it described . i had try it in the water but only shoot up 5 itch of water with the valve fully open.they sent me this pump without any accessories , not even the suction cup . im not happy about this item at all .
 this pump is bad news , i had one in my salt water tank for only 3 months when it shorted out and killed $ 500.00 of fish ... i 'm still in mourning ... the company should be put out of business !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This lid fits loosely over my cat 's canned cat food can . There is no seal , and if you 're like me and pick up the can by the lid sometimes , it 'll slide right off . My cat eats EVO 5.5 oz canned cat food with a standard 3-3/8 '' diameter opening . Hope this helps !
 I ordered 2 sets of these can covers because the shipping was triple the amount for 1 set . I received 1 set and when I wrote and told the company that I only received 1 set -LRB- 2 covers -RRB- instead of 2 sets -LRB- 4 covers -RRB- - they sent me 1 more cover . The picture of the product shows 2 can covers when in reality you only receive 1 cover . The shipping on 1 of these plastic ... very light covers is $ 8.97 and the price for the can cover is $ 1.99 for ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- . If I had realized this before I ordered it , I would not have ordered from this company ! It is the only can cover that fits Fancy Feast cans ... but you can find it elsewhere for less !!!
 I love these cat can caps , but be very careful
 I got one of these for my mastiff . At 125 lbs a regular sized tennis ball is too small for him . This ball is 4 '' and a good size for him . However , he had it less than 12 hours before the cover was coming off and the inner rubber was split open . It might be O.K. if you only use it for the dog to chase but not as a chew toy . Overall for something that calls itself `` Tuff Ball '' and says `` industrial strength dog toys '' on the product , I found it to be rather wimpy .
 Did n't last a day with my Mastiff . But not too many toys do !!! Not as tough as the name indicates . I found the Kong products are more durable .
 my dog is tennis ball obessed and likes to pick up 2-3 at the same time . . i thought it would be fun to watch him play with this . he has never pulled the yellow `` fur '' off a regular tennis ball . this one had big patches ripped off in the first day ! ill go back to getting free regular tennis balls behind the fence at the tennis court
 Folks , do yourself a favor and search for these on the Internet . $ 7.99 per ball is insane - you can get them at other `` bulk '' places for far less .
 When I first got this leash it seemed fine , I got it for my now 90lb German Shepherd puppy . After about 5 months of using the leash , it stopped retracting . I have other brand leashes for my other dogs that I 've had for years with no problem . I wo n't be buying one of these again .
 Excellent quality but 26 feet has turned out to be 16 feet . Not sure why I have n't returned this item ... . it is a quality product but 10 feet shorter than promised . Not happy .
 Amazon reviewers - you have misled me again !! I bought this for a 16lb pup , based on the -LRB- for the most part -RRB- glowing reviews . This item is entirely useless and even dangerous , not to mention way more expensive than traditional leashes .1 . The line is not at all durable , and puppy chewed it up in the first 5 minutes . Although he is quite a gentle chewer and responds to `` leave it '' , this has already caused the line to fray and makes me nervous about using this ever again . I see people in the dog park with retractable leashes that are actually substantial leashes , not a thin line , and if you must get a retractable leash , get one of those2 . The thin line retracts in a way that poses a safety risk - as noted in the safety information pamphlet that accompanies this product . I got mild rope burns on my legs despite being fairly careful . I would n't advise using this unless your dog is extremely good at heeling and does n't get tangled up with other dogs in social settings .3 . Complicated to use with the safety attachment , and the clicky mechanism that gets stuck . Ugh . My excellent local pet boutique refuses to stock retractable leashes due to concerns with safety . I wish I had just have listened to them.We have now abandoned retractable leashes , and are very happy customers of a Lupine 6 '' leash for regular walking , and a generic 20 '' cotton one for park training . Sometimes simple is best , and also much cheaper , so I can now afford a Freedom no pull harness . Puppy and I have never looked back .
 I had a retractable leash from PetSmart that lasted a a few years before the retractable portion started to falter , so based on reviews , I thought this would be the perfect replacement . It worked great for the a month , then yesterday , as I was turning a corner , the cord caught on a post . It momentarily stopped my dog until I could unhook the cord from the post . The cord was fine , no cuts or abrasions at all , but the sudden stop must have knocked the cord off whatever mechanism 's inside . Now it 's very slow to recoil or stops recoiling completely . I have a 22 pound Pug that is well within the listed 26-pound limit , and the sudden `` stop '' was n't so hard that it should break anything.So , I called Customer Service . The receptionist politely informed me that all leashes come with a one-year warranty and gave me the return address.Overall , I 'm pretty disappointed . I will have to buy another leash while waiting for my replacement . Once it comes in , I 'll update this review .
 I will never buy a Flexi again . My dog is 40 lbs . The brand new Flexi just snapped off at the clip end . I purchased a new Flexi at a different store and it snapped off again within a matter of days . Our dog was standing still both times ... Made in Germany via China . . Bad news for dog lovers .
 I 've only owned this retractable leash for only 2 months , and my dog has already chewed through it ! He 's not a heavy chewer so I 'm surprised . Today , he chewed it off completely while I was n't looking , and he ended up running through the entire neighborhood . I chased him down and finally caught him after 10 minutes . I expected the leash to be more durable , but I guess I was wrong ...
 Having used a large , Xtra long -LRB- 26 foot -RRB- corded Flexi Brand leash for my Lab for 9 years , it finally began to ` catch , ' so I decided to buy a new Flexi Leash in the same size , for the same dog . I found out the corded leash is no longer available in the large size , and the new model has a tape leash instead . I purchased the -LRB- expensive -RRB- new leash , only to find it to be in no way comparable to the 9-year old one in quality or performance.Cons :1 -RRB- The tape twists round and round constantly while the dog is walking , and ends up retracting all twisted up . After taking it off the dog , I have to pull the entire leash out and lock it , and then untwist it while slowy retracting it . I currently have 3 fingers cut almost to the bone from the tape . My dog ran after a squirrel and around a tree . The leash twisted all up , and while trying to unwind my dog from around the tree she tried to run again . I had my hand on the tape -LRB- I had placed it there while trying to unwind the dog from the tree while she was * not * moving -RRB- , and since the tape had twisted all up as it always does , when she ran the other way the tape retracted and twisted more at the same time , slicing three of my fingers . This never happened with the corded leash .2 -RRB- The new leash is already `` catching '' when extended out beyond 10 feet . The old leash did not do this until it was 9 years old .3 -RRB- The `` cap '' covering the seams near the handle came off the first day of use .4 -RRB- The lock button on the new leash is difficult to use with one hand , while on the old leash it was very easy.Pros
 This is just a warning to those who use this leash for larger dogs . My dog is 60lbs , I purchased the leash for dogs up to 110lbs . After less than a year of having the leash we went for walk in a field . I had it extended pretty far and my dog darted after a squirrel and the leash snapped . She ran into a nearby street and was hit by an SUV . She has permanent hip injuries that cost me more than 4k in vet bills . BE CAREFUL .
 We liked the leash at first , but it broke after not much more than a month 's worth of use . I would not trust it and it is too expensive to buy one every month . The dog was not chewing on it either !
 The item pictured was not sent . After four or more contacts with customer service I finally gave up.The standard response was `` I 'll have to call you back '' , and did they ? NO !
 I was very excited to buy this leash because my dog is constantly pulling on other leashes and I figured if I was able to give him a little more leave it would resolve the problem and it did until 3 days after it snapped and broke ! The leash was only about half retracted and my dog was not even giving me resistance , we were just casually walking and the leash snapped . I have a golden retriever who weighs 86lbs , the leash says it can hold up to 110lbs ! Needless to say I was so agitated ! I have n't tried to contact the company . I figured that 's what you get for $ 20 . Lesson learned !
 My puggle , who weighs all of 15 pounds , took off today and the flexi took off after him . my puggle has been with me less than four months and i got this due to the reviews . it stopped retracting about two months ago , and totally broke today . it will not retract and just dangles , tangling him all up . i 'm a very unhappy camper with a dog who needs to go out , badly : -LRB-
 I first purchased this leash in April 2009 . 40 days later , the retractable leash stopped retracting . Hoping it was a fluke , I exchanged the product for the same model . 25 days later , the replacement retractable leash has also stopped retracting ! I know not every product is perfect , but how can a company manufacture retractable leashes when the ` classic ' model does n't continue retracting for more than 2 months ! I have just returned from the local store where I exchanged this leash for a Top Paw . I 'm done with Flexi .
 I purchased this leash in January for my dog weighing maybe 60 pounds . If snapped this past weekend . The leash just broke . The dog ran and it took a while to gather him back . I was quite disappointed in the leash seeing that I had only had it for about 2 1/2 months . I would not buy another one Flexi Large Retractable 26-Foot Classic Long 3 Tape Leash , Black
 This leash broke after a handful of walks and my lab is only 6 months old ! I feel so fortunate my puppy did n't run away but someone else 's might .
 It lasted until today -LRB- one month and one day -RRB- after I bought it , then broke . Do n't buy it . Used with a Golden Retriever .
 I ordered the 23 ft long medium black leash . I really enjoyed the product -LRB- which is why I gave it 2 stars -RRB- . However , I was walking my sister 's dog and she has a regular 16 ft Flexi leash and I realized that my dog also had the regular 16 ft leash . I ordered the 23 ft leash , and I thought that 's what I had gotten . I did n't even realize until a couple of months later that Amazon had sent me a shorter Flexi leash than what I ordered . Now it 's too late to return . I 'm pretty disappointed because I paid the extra money for the longer leash and I 'm stuck with the shorter 16 foot one . Not great customer service at all .
 I was looking for the 26 foot ,110 pound flexi classic 3 . The picture showed the retractable cord leash . The item sent is the new version of the tape leash . I returned the product .
 The tape leash lead is a problem on windy days because it has a lot of air resistance at full extension -- it actually flaps around . Prefer a cord type leash instead of tape for that reason . My German Shepherd hated it so much he turned around and bit through it in a flash . Uh , oh ! The remaining tape retracted inside . You can not open this model . Barbed metal studs for a one time press fit ... get it ? But I forced it open anyway . The flat metal spring came off the reel exploding into a ball of spring steel the size of a soccer ball . Clunk in the trash . True story . Went back to the corded leash -LRB- different brand -RRB- and now appreciate that one a lot more ! It has lasted for 6 months of walks with my 100 + lb . Shepherd . And he often explodes into a run here in the country . I walk him on an electric scooter at 6 MPH for over an hour a day . Lots of fun for both of us . This rinky dink `` Flexi '' brand was pure garbage and that is where it went . For you with your little rat on a rope doggie it will probably last longer than your dog -- so keep perspective .
 I have seen other people use these kinds of leashes around town and in my own neighborhood . I ordered it , thinking it would give my dog more freedom to run a bit while we were on walks . When I received the item , I read the instructions and warnings on the package prior to opening it . The warnings talked about severed limbs , strangulation , and other bad things.Then I got to thinking that if we were on a street corner , and if I did n't have the leash in `` lock '' mode , and if my dog decided to run for something just as a car went by , then he could be run down by a car while on a leash!No thanks . I do n't want to have to think about severed limbs , strangulation , or `` do I have the leash locked at the proper times '' . I just want to walk my dog in peace . And he just wants to have fun , smelling stuff and peeing on stuff . So , I returned the item to Amazon unopened . Thankfully , Amazon is really good about returns .
 Not the item I ordered . Substitute is acceptable but I would not have ordered this if I had known I was going to get the substitute . Not worth the hassle to try to return it and get my money back .
 Flexi Large Retractable 26-Foot Classic Long 3 Tape Leash , BlackDoea your dog ever chew on the leash ? If so , dont buy this tape cord leash . A few bites and the tape breaks .
 Received this today and after reading the precautions on the packaging I WAS SHOCKED ! I gave it the benefit of a doubt since a lot of times the warning label on an item goes to the extreme to protect the company selling the item . I was thinking probably one idiot lost a finger when grabbing the cord and retracting the cord ... ANYWAY ... I took it out of the box -LRB- MISTAKE -RRB- then walked my dog halfway down the street . WHOA , I 'm am extremely uncomfortable with this leash . Not only is it heavy & bulky , when I tried to retract the cord back inside the handle it came in SO DANG FAST that my dog got SMACKED in the side of the head so hard she whimpered . I 'm terrified I might burn my child 's legs as she walks along with us or God forbid , have someone lose a finger if they grab onto the cord by mistake . Yes , this thing is that strong . The info . on Amazon.com should clearly state the precautions & warnings as the box and THICK detailed instructions do . Since I 've already made the mistake of trying it out I guess I am stuck with this piece of crap and out $ 20 plus bucks . I will be buying a belt style leash to replace this dangerous one .
 This thing is terrible . It is so heavy my arm hurts after holding it for 3 minutes . True I am no bodybuilder and honestly I could not do a pull up to save my life . But my friend has a retractable leash that I have to trouble with at all , it feels like this one weighs about 5 times more.Also , if you try to leave the strap loose so the dog can run around , it has too much tension on it . Meaning , it is constantly pulling on my dog 's neck , meaning he is constantly turning around trying to bite it instead of walking . Ok yes he is a puppy and needs more training -LRB- starting obedience school this weekend -RRB- but he walks just fine on his regular plain leash.Basically when I tried to use this it was the worst walk we ever had . The plain leash is better , the cheapo retractable my friend has is better , I think a rope would be better.I really want to return it but I 'm sure the postage will be about half the price of the stupid thing , because it is so heavy.VERY disappointing .
 I have a 55 lb dog that ripped through this in less than 10 walks ! Would not buy again or recommend for active dogs !
 I had the Flexi Large Cord leash for 4 1/2 years before having to replace it when it stopped retracting . The cord never frayed regardless of what it rubbed against . I purchased a new Flexi Large Tape leash for my dog and it lasted 4 months before the tape leash started to fray . I would not recommend this product to anyone else .
 I only used this lease about a dozen times before the leash broke away clean at the plastic clip . The leash was rated for a 110 pound dog . My 40 pound puppy tugged on the leash and next thing I knew my puppy was running loose and the leash had completely retracted back to the handle . Luckily . my puppy was startled and ran to me so he was safe . Although , my pup tugged , it was not a drag my owner , pop her shoulder kind of tug , so I was astonished that the leash pulled apart . I decided to test the leash again so I tied the leash directly to the metal clip with a secure knot . I took my dog to a safe confined area and then had my dog tug on the leash . Again to my astonishment the tape leash ripped off ... not at the knot that I had tied , but about 4 inches above it . It was a tear that went straight across the tape.I have used this brand leash in the past with my previous dog and was extremely happy with it . Please check the dates on the reviews and you will see that most of the 5 star reviews are from previous years . Unfortunately , the quality of this product has deteriorated.If you have a dog that will never , ever , tug on a leash then this lease is great . However , I would not be willing to bet my dog 's safety by assuming that a situation would never arise where my dog would pull on the leash .
 Bought this from Amazon 3 months ago . It was a fantastic price ... 30-40 % less than Petsmart . However I 've only had it 3 months and the tape is frayed and about 10 millimeters from breaking . It is right up near where the tape attaches to the collar so it can not be from chewing or rubbing up against anything . Amazon wo n't take it back so I have to buy a new one . Question is do I pay $ 40 at petsmart because they will take it back after 30 days or buy another one that only has a 30 day guarantee from Amazon ? I am huge fan of Amazon but this return policy sucks .
 This product use to be great until they redesigned it to go from the old cord style to a tape design . The tape design has no stretch and when you are handling a larger dog such as mine the dog gets the brunt of it , when he runs and hits the end of the leash . The other comment that I would like to express it the ergonomics of the design are totally wrong . . The handler needs to have hands the size of a lumber jack to control the handle and lock are completely wrong ... . The old CORD ergonomics was far superior to this design ... When I ordered my order was for the older design and was told that there was only one left in stock . I ordered it immediately only to find out when the item was shipped it was the new tape design . Please note that the photo shows the old design but will be the new design when shipped . We are still using our old design leash the new design leash is sitting on the dog crate not being used ... My recomendation is to seek out a seller that has the old cord design leash ... Richard King
 I use this lead for my two big dogs -LRB- 90lbs and 80lbs -RRB- . I really hate the tape lead , and I miss the wire lead that Flexi used to sell in the 26 ' length . While the wire could definitely give you a burn if you were not careful , the tape leads do not last . The first 26 ' Flexi classic 3 wire lead I bought lasted for almost three years before it would not retract anymore and I had to replace it . I have to buy a tape lead every few months . The tape does not do well in the snow and rain . Anyway , all the other brands I have tried have been worse , so I am stuck using Flexi until I find a better alternative .
 Terrific product , ... convienient and versatile.But , the fold-out drinking vessel will readily break if dropped unto a hard surface , even from a short height . And , it can not be repaired.I 've contacted the manufactor , New Angle Pet Products , and got no response.They should offer replacement vessels , and redesign with a hard rubber material that will take impact , ... we are talking dogs here !
 The bottle cracked shortly after buying the product however my husband threw it away instead of returning it . That was our no no . However I did see similar bottles a couple dollars cheaper at some local stores near by our home . I like the concept of the bottle but I would not buy it through Amazon .
 This was given to us as a gift and it is conceptually a great product . BUT I have dropped one of them twice and it is now beyond repair and headed for the recycle bin.The bottle does n't stand up when you set it on a flat surface because the trough is rounded on the end . The belt clip is useless , which is why it dropped on the floor the second time for its final break . -LRB- the first time was just my own clumsiness -RRB- The plastic of the trough is SO weak , it broke after a drop onto a wood floor from waist-height . I agree - rubberized plastic , or the stuff nalgenes are made of would be the answer to the breaking issue . From now on , I 'll just make sure I have a Porta-Bowl clipped to a Nalgene - it holds a lot more anyway .
 The hard plastic container just is n't durable enough for what it does , one excited jump from my terrier caused me to drop it and voila , a nice crack and a product headed for the recycle bin . As another reviewer stated a rubberized container would hold up better after falling on the concrete . And am I the only person who is outraged at a $ 9.27 shipping charge on a $ 7.22 item ? Yes , an all in one is handy and compact BUT Walmart sells sleeves for water bottles -LRB- about $ 2.00 each -RRB- in their sporting goods department which have clips on them , making it easy to attach them to a belt loop and my collapsible waterproof food/water bowl folds small enough to fit in a pocket or backpack . You can buy the bowls on amazon for $ 2.00 and up or at a local pet shop . The beauty here is when your water bottle is empty you can dispose of it and just slide another one in the sleeve . Since I have 4 dogs this was a more practical fit and one I am sure will not break when it hits the pavement .
 If you 're thinking about ordering this item , be aware that the description notes `` Colors may vary . '' I overlooked that , so I expected to receive the cute pink water dispenser that 's shown , but instead , I got an ugly blue one . I might as well have bought one of the ugly blue ones at Petco . Very disappointing .
 I was looking for an easy way to provide my elderly dog with water on our walks . I had previously been using a small plastic bowl and my own water but decided to try something a little easier to carry and where I would be able to save the unused water.This product was definitely easier to carry , but that was about the only criteria it met . The drinking vessel is quite narrow , even for my small dog and the plastic is quite flimsy . The bottle itself is not much better . The bottle is not 100 % leak-proof , so be sure to avoid leaving it on its side or turning it upside-down . There is also no way to return the unused water back into the bottle so some will inevitably go to waste .
 I bought a whole bunch of these little 10 inch pet collars because they were really inexpensive at $ 2 each . I 'm using them as luggage tag straps , not as pet collars . For my purposes , they are fine because they are still made of strong nylon webbing and the buckle is firmly attached . The colors are good standard primary colors , and the buckle is a normal silver colored metal.But I 've purchased similar ones in the past from supermarkets and pet stores -LRB- probably made in China ... -RRB- and the finishing on these is truly inferior . So just in case you 're fussy about how nice the collar looks on your pet , here are the appearance issues . The collar 's holes -LRB- for size adjustment -RRB- really look like amateur time
 My two dogs do n't want to have anything to do with these treats , while they ca n't have enough of the cheap bone-shaped treats . I had to give the treats away . What a shame . To me , they seem too dry and too much of barley taste than anything else .
 Overall the material is good but it was no match for my dogs . I have a 8 month old German Shephard and a 4 year old Boston Terrier . My German Shephard got a hold of the frisbee first and ripped the edge off . I figured this product would be much harder for my dogs to tear up than other toys but that is just not the case . I am dissappointed that it lasted less than a day when it was implied that it would last much longer .
 We have a 10 year old yellow lab . He loves his frisbee and carries it with him whenever he leaves the house . I ca n't even tell you how many we have bought over the years . The first ones lasted a very long time , even back when he was a rough puppy and chewed on everything . The more recent ones are much thinner and he immediately bites through them . The higher price was well worth the better quality . It 's a shame they have sacrificed the quality to cheapen the product . : ~ -LRB-
 This frisbee is too heavy to throw . You throw and it immediately comes down your dog can not catch because of this.I actually would give it 0 stars . Definitely do not spend your money on this product . WASTE
 My dog destroyed this within 1 day . Wish it would of been stronger , they love to play frisbee . Oh well , we will keep looking , thanks
 It flies okay , but my border collie ripped through this thin rubber disc in a matter of minutes . After 5 or 6 throws , she had sliced the rim in two places . The very best non destructible , flexible dog disc is the West Paw Design Zogoflex . Check out the reviews and buy it if you want a really rugged flying disc .
 This product lasted only hours with my 9 month old black lab and I made the mistake of buying two of them . . what a waste of money !!! The only reason I gave it one star is because I could n't use zero ...
 I bought a whole bunch of these little 10 inch pet collars because they were really inexpensive at $ 2 each . I 'm using them as luggage tag straps , not as pet collars . For my purposes , they are fine because they are still made of strong nylon webbing and the buckle is firmly attached . The colors are good standard primary colors , and the buckle is a normal silver colored metal.But I 've purchased similar ones in the past from supermarkets and pet stores -LRB- probably made in China ... -RRB- and the finishing on these is truly inferior . So just in case you 're fussy about how nice the collar looks on your pet , here are the appearance issues . The collar 's holes -LRB- for size adjustment -RRB- really look like amateur time
 There was no drop in the number of fleas after using this product . It just seemed like the fleas were hungrier the next day . I used with vacuuming and cleaning , and still did n't work . I have mostly hardwood floors , and I used a carpet cleaner/flea killer on the carpeted area , and it seems like the carpet had fewer fleas -LRB- which I accredit to the carpet cleaner -RRB- , but not the rest of the house.In short
 `` Timely delivery however I will not purchase from this seller again . Delivery charges are astronomical !! I paid almost 3 times as much for the shipping as I did the product . Product was a little over $ 2 and the shipping was almost $ 7 Product was much smaller than expected . Next time why do n't you just ship via way of regular postal mail instead of UPS ?? The shipping is ludicrous !!! ''
 My guinea pig hates the green pellets that are in most varieties of dry food . This is almost all green pellets , even though the picture looks like it has some variety . Get the Fiesta Max by Kaytee instead of this and your guinea pig will thank you.Kaytee Fiesta Max Food for Guinea Pig , 4-1/2 - Pound
 If your dog is a power chewer , do n't waste your money . my dog -LRB- great dane/pit bull mix -RRB- bit it in half in under a minute ! stick with Kong items , they are , by far , the best on the market .
 Tricky to measure and set up , and then the fish can just swim over or under it if they 're of a mind . Waste of money .
 The photo is deceiving ... or old . The bag of food I got was mostly timothy hay pellets - which looked discolored compared to the pellets in my rabbit 's original food . The colored pieces are incredibly tiny and there are very very few in the bag . My rabbit has been spoiled with the premium food for so long that he was quite upset with this bag full of just pellets - as was I. I 'm mixing it with his old food in hopes that I wo n't completely waste this purchase , but wo n't be buying again .
 There was no way to attach it to the inside of the tank . I had to let it sit at the bottom of the tank , but it kept rising to the top . Waste of money .
 The comb fits alright , but I find that it frequently gets tangled in the thick , curly fur of my dog -LRB- cocker/terrier -RRB- . Bought it for the Oster A5 . I find the clipper works much better without the comb . Part of the problem may be that I have the # 10 wide blade on my clipper , and the comb is made for the # 10 regular width blade .
 Do n't waste your time or money does not work at all . I felt like this product did not deserve 1 star . I 've given every review a fair rating and this is what this got .
 The comb fits alright , but I find that it frequently gets tangled in the thick , curly fur of my dog -LRB- cocker/terrier -RRB- . Bought it for the Oster A5 . I find the clipper works much better without the comb . Part of the problem may be that I have the # 10 wide blade on my clipper , and the comb is made for the # 10 regular width blade .
 Do n't waste your time or money does not work at all . I felt like this product did not deserve 1 star . I 've given every review a fair rating and this is what this got .
 The bottom of the holder is metal covered by a water catching rubber oval . I purchased two feeders and both are now rusted and the metal is breaking off . Not safe for animal usage . If you care about metal shards in paws DO NOT BUY this `` double diner '' ! The other reviewer noted that the product never stood a chance with water spilling and dog drool , however a pet product should be designed to withstand exactly that ! Both of our feeders were indoor use only .
 bottle was destroyed when we opened the package . all pills were in tiny glass shards since we didnt have time to return it we have to throw them away .
 The sides do not have suction , the clips do not hook to tank because the top of tank black rim around tank -LRB- not the top -RRB- is to wide for the clips . I have the tank decor holding it in place . I would have given a one star if I did n't like the plastic , the food does n't get through and I do have to eithe invest in a better separator or another heater . This does prevent heat from circulating in my 50 gallon tank . I put the separator in the middle of the tank to determin this with thermoitors on both
 I have a Great Dane , & he HATED these clippers -- for a -RRB- even when they were brand spanking new they were too dull/weak to handle his nails . b -RRB- they made a loud whacking sound-like a guillotine that understandingly made us both uneasy.I thought he hated getting his nails clipped , but i got a metal `` serious '' -LRB- ie
 The way this works is , you hook it up to an air pump , and when you hold it just right in the water , the air bubbles go up the tube and draw some water with it . The water spills into a filter , collecting the debris.I bought this hoping I could replace a messy weekly water change with a slow drip , daily water top-offs and regular gravel vacuuming -LRB- sort of a poor man 's continuous water change system -RRB- . Unfortunately , this vacuum does n't provide much suction , so you have to dig the end down into the gravel and try to catch any bits floating away to make this work.The filter really does catch dirt and debris , but compared to my regular water change kit -LRB- the one with a hose that you screw onto a faucet -RRB- , the process is very slow and not as effective . With the water change kit , the suction is so powerful that it knocks up a cloud of dusty water inside the `` vacuum tube '' . You will get no such satisfaction with this Penn-Plax .
 Dog 's fine ... . but my right hand ai n't ! Extremely bad handle design
 nice and sharp , easy to use , but made of pretty crappy materials . the bit that holds the springs in broke off within a few uses ... rendering it useless ...
 While I like the style and ease of this product I find my dog 's nails are too tough for it . If I knew then what I know now , I would n't buy it .
 I love the padded handles and the sharp guillotine action of the blade , but I 've used it three times and each time , it pinches the pad on the inside of my hand under my index finger . The last time , it peeled back the skin and it bled a little bit . I 've had dogs my entire life and always used a set of Millers-Forge , but bought these trimmers in a pinch because I 've misplaced my good ones . I called Amazon and they 're refunding my money and having me return the item . I wish they had worked for me because I like the idea of having the styptic powder stored in the handle .
 This was recommended to me at the pet store when I was looking for a good nail trimmer as my old one was getting dull . The blade did not feel sharp at all and it actually cracked my dog 's nail on my first couple tries . Poor thing . My old one still works better than this . grrr !
 I bought these trimmers to use on my 2 large dogs . They do a fine job on the dogs ' nails , but they catch the skin of my hand and give it a hard pinch every time I squeeze the handles . Definitely not worth the pain .
 I purchased these and they seemed to be poorly made . The blades did n't match up exactly and they pinched my hand very badly ! I had a mark for at least two weeks . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 When I took these out of the package I gave them a squeeze to see how they felt . When I did this the two cutting edges caught each other and immediately ruined the ` blades ' - ruined before they even touched my dog 's nails . I tried putting a new edge on them with a 5/32 '' round file but the shape of the blades makes it pretty much impossible to sharpen them . I tried using them but they were far too dull . All in all , a complete waste of time and money .
 They cut the dogs nails fine but they also pinch the inside of your hand .
 Honestly , I did n't see whole lot of difference between this clipper anda less expensive one you would buy at Petco or elsewhere . It worked fine but I am not a groomer so it 's not a chore I feel completely comfortable with no matter what the quality of product I use .
 These things are terrible . I have been trimming my cats claws for ever and thought it was time for a new trimmer . NOT ... . these things CRUSH the nail , not cut . I would not recommend unless you want a traumatized cat .
 This was the first clipper I bought once I adopted my cats . It worked fine for the adult , no real complaints there . It was much less useful with the kitten , however . The blades on this clipper are actually quite thick -LRB- in all directions , really -RRB- and so it is extremely difficult to navigate a kitten 's small nails . It also makes it much harder to see how much of the nail you 're actually cutting . And if your cat is even the least bit squirmy , well forget it . As I said , it 's adequate for adult cats , who are usually used to the procedure and easier to deal with , and generally does a good job on adult nails , with some minor splintering . I 'd recommend trying out another product .
 Overall I had no problem cutting my cat 's nails with this trimmer , but after owning it for only 4 months the thing simply disintegrated in my hands ! I literally just picked it up and was preparing to trim my cats nails , when I gave the trimmer a test squeeze to make certain I had a good grip on it and the plastic handle came apart . I do n't mean that the pivot joint came undone , the plastic broke clean through without even making an audible ` snapping ' noise . The blade and spring promptly fell out as well and on closer inspection I realized that the handles of the trimmer have no metal reinforcements , they are made out of a simple cheap plastic that apparently is prone to decay.Spend a few dollars more and buy an all metal trimmer from a different manufacturer .
 I bought these today at our local pet store and they are going right back tomarrow ! This was the first attempt to cut my cat 's nails and , though she was patient with me , they left her nails jagged and rough . I thought it was my technique , so I tried several different ways and none of them worked ! These things cost me $ 14.99 , too !!! I 'm going to try the Millers forge pet nail clipper on this site or ebay ... which ever is cheaper . It had good reviews and might actually work !!! This product is a waist of money .
 Over the last 15 years I have tried every brand of carbon out there . From Marinlan to the generic brands even some of the store brands that you buy from Petco or Petsmart.Does this work ? Oh yeah quite well in fact . BUT so does the cheap stuff . I have bought 3lb bags of generic carbon from a seller here on Amazon and that stuff works just as well.The difference ? On this product they break it all into tiny little bits compared to the cheap stuff is usually in pellet form.personally I have considered even grinding or blending -LRB- in a blender -RRB- the cheap stuff to see if you can achieve the same consistency as the more prepared stuff from this company or Marineland . Not that I can or can not prove ot really makes any difference.Personally I am going back to the cheap stuff . I clean my filter every two months and replace the carbon then and like I said ca n't see any difference . At least not one worth paying 5x as much for .
 This unit simply failed to work when installed properly . A close inspection revealed cheap construction . I would avoid this particular brand if I were you .
 need to wrap 3 or 4 around the base of a plastic plant to keep it in the gravel . waste of money .
 I do n't believe the company quality controls these raw hides for size or thickness . Some pieces are the expected average size for flat raw hide chews - 8x4 inches . Other pieces are maybe 4x4 inches and very thin and would be very bad to give to larger dogs .
 I had this pretty secure on my little Yorkshire terrier . She was out of this seatbelt not ven a minute down the road . Did n't work . Kind of disappointed .
 It is too easy for the dog to get out of . We had one before that worked much better on our other dog . Do n't know where we got it though .
 Neither of my dogs were secure in this harness . Both managed to break free . I can not use this product when we travel .
 Got this product to train a young puppy early to promote good car manners and safety . She chewed through the chest piece in minutes . The case reads `` Secure Metal Hardware '' , but that means nothing if there is no toughness in the harness . Do n't waste your money ; do n't buy this product .
 I had this harness for literally 5 hours . The dog chewed through it while I was n't looking and he was trying it on . This is made of crappy , cheap material . It looks solid but it 's actually junk . I tried saving myself some money and just lost $ 15.45 . Seriously , save yourself the headache .
 The attachment to the seat belt is stupid . If you have a two belt system in you car , like most cars today -LRB- lap & shoulder all in one -RRB- they both have to go thru the loop on the harness making an uncomfortable harness even more so . I finally took an old collar of my dogs and ran it thru the little steel loop on the harness , then thru the shoulder portion on the seat belt . The harness is hard to adjust for fit and is hot for the dog . My Chihuahua just hates it . I used it twice & it will probably now go to the Goodwill store .
 It might just be my dog , but this thing did not work for me at all . The way it connects to the seat belt was unsafe and my dog became tangled and almost choked to death . I had to reach in the back and disconnect the seat belt . I think what this product needs is a turn buckle so that if the dog twists or turn the harness will allow it .
 This harness looked so comfy in the picture.It was very difficult to get on my dog & the more I triedthe worse it got .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 Not tangle free , and not heavy enough for my 30 lb beagle mix , even though it says it is rated for dogs up to 35 lbs . Maybe it would be ok if you have a dog that never pulls and does n't run around like a maniac . I am afraid he is going to snap the ends off it one of these times when he pulls on it , and I swear he can get this thing tied in knots in under 5 seconds . Because it is so flimsy , it is like spaghetti to try to untangle it.EDIT
 Got this product to train a young puppy early to promote good car manners and safety . She chewed through the chest piece in minutes . The case reads `` Secure Metal Hardware '' , but that means nothing if there is no toughness in the harness . Do n't waste your money ; do n't buy this product .
 I had this harness for literally 5 hours . The dog chewed through it while I was n't looking and he was trying it on . This is made of crappy , cheap material . It looks solid but it 's actually junk . I tried saving myself some money and just lost $ 15.45 . Seriously , save yourself the headache .
 The attachment to the seat belt is stupid . If you have a two belt system in you car , like most cars today -LRB- lap & shoulder all in one -RRB- they both have to go thru the loop on the harness making an uncomfortable harness even more so . I finally took an old collar of my dogs and ran it thru the little steel loop on the harness , then thru the shoulder portion on the seat belt . The harness is hard to adjust for fit and is hot for the dog . My Chihuahua just hates it . I used it twice & it will probably now go to the Goodwill store .
 It might just be my dog , but this thing did not work for me at all . The way it connects to the seat belt was unsafe and my dog became tangled and almost choked to death . I had to reach in the back and disconnect the seat belt . I think what this product needs is a turn buckle so that if the dog twists or turn the harness will allow it .
 This harness looked so comfy in the picture.It was very difficult to get on my dog & the more I triedthe worse it got .
 Neither of my dogs were secure in this harness . Both managed to break free . I can not use this product when we travel .
 I had this pretty secure on my little Yorkshire terrier . She was out of this seatbelt not ven a minute down the road . Did n't work . Kind of disappointed .
 It is too easy for the dog to get out of . We had one before that worked much better on our other dog . Do n't know where we got it though .
 This company 's price for this product as advertised is clearly outrageous
 Clearly this price is completely insane ! Amazon is a serious website and this seller has no place on it ! I think it must be a matter of putting a product out there , attaching a lunatic price to it , and see maybe they can ensnare someone . This is a shameless seller !
 The hinge broke after three weeks of use . I really liked the pouch other than that .
 I loved the way this bag worked , allowing access to treats much easier than any other bag . But three weeks later -LRB- of very light usage -RRB- the hinge broke leaving the bag basically useless.I was very disappointed and will not be getting another one.Like another reviewer said , great when it works .
 I bought one of these last year from a local dog training group . Shortly after purchase , the hinges became very difficult to open and shut . I called the company and found out they had been recalled . They told me if I sent mine back they would send a free replacement . I got the new bag and it worked great for the first couple of months . Now the hinge on the new `` improved '' one is getting difficult to open and shut too . This time I think I 'll just look for a different brand . I love the way it works , WHEN it works , but they need to get the hinge problem fixed .
 Hard to keep open . Not as flexible and easy to use as I expected . Also , very large , is bulky if you are out walking .
 bag is stiff fabric -- hinge is difficult to open -- id compartment is too small to hold anything but an id card -- front pocket is virtually useless for poop bags -- treat portion is deep and would hold other items but they obstruct access to the treats . Designer may be a great trainer but designer not at all ! Will try to wash it to soften up but it probably will be relegated to the several useless items I have wasted $ $ on.Outward Hound treat bag is great except mesh tears when attacked by puppy teeth -- wish they made one w / pockets .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift and was not pleased when it arrived . I assumed I would get the product that was pictured and described -LSB- ... -RSB- . Instead I got this bait bag -LSB- ... -RSB- . If I had wanted a bait bag that looked as cheap as the one I got I would have ordered it instead of the one I assumed -LRB- based on picture and description -RRB- I did order . NOT pleased . I have , for myself , the one I wanted to order for a gift . Next to my bag , this one is very cheap looking and feeling . WILL NOT PURCHASE AGAIN !!
 I used this item daily and loved it until the hinge failed to work . So , the puch no longer stays open/closed . Very good idea but poor construction leads to a 1 star rating .
 See the reviews under the green bag . After three months of use once a day , one of the hinge pins came out so the bag could not shut tight , its main design feature . I found the pin and replaced it and two weeks later the hinge , itself , broke making the closing feature inoperable . The other reviewer at the green bag site had two bags that had their hinges break .
 I am training my own service dog so I use my bag daily . Unfortunately , the hinges break on every one ! The first hinge broke within 3 weeks of purchasing , so it was replaced at no charge . Then I ended up going through more than 6 bags in as many months because the hinges continue to break . -LRB- Granted , I do n't have to pay for the replacements , but now I 'm fed up with it ! -RRB- So I am online hunting for a new brand . Premier 's bags have very cheap hinges and it is totally not worth your time & money to invest in them ! These totally stink . Great design , but cheap materials !!
 I have been training my dog for over a year now and do n't ever take him out without my treat bag . The first bag I bought did a great job and was similiar to this one , but it eventually wore out . I bought this one because I like the bigger pocket in the front . The first day I had it , one of the loops that holds the waist strap came undone . I am really disappointed that I have to sew it already . Other than that , looks like it could be a good bag . Maybe the one I got was just defective .
 The lead appears to be in high quality , however whenever my dog would run to the end of it -LRB- he is n't used to being tied up and is always supervised -RRB- he would literally BREAK the clasp off the lead . He did this on both ends in two consecutive runs . I was about to throw it out , as it obviously does n't work when a dog is pulling on the lead with a running start . My dog is 80lbs and a chocolate lab , btw.THEN the worst injury I 've ever seen on a dog happened . He was running after a ball within the confines of the lead when he must have stepped into a loop in the lead , and as he neared the end of his lead the whole thing cinched tight around his back foot , snapping it instantly . He broke all four metatarsals and needed emergency surgery to place rods , screws , and a bone graft from his shoulder . The surgery was over $ 5000 . He is 7 years old , so this was a life-altering injury for him . He will forever have limited mobility and is only about 90 % recovered -LRB- will never be 100 % -RRB- and is about 8 months post-surgery . It occured to me that my 3 year old could have easily had HER foot through a loose loop in the lead as well . These things are very dangerous and I will never buy one for a dog again . It is far safer to leave the leash on and let them roam , or - for what we paid for the surgery - fence the entire yard .
 My 50 lb . beagle was able to snap the end off of the the cable the 1st time he ran and pulled on the cable .
 I 've bought this item before , It then was a thicker cable and came with all steel connecting clasp to cable . It is now a thinner cable , pot metal connector and no spring . I wo n't order this item again . It says large dogs but should be labeled now medium sized ones . Your decreased quality has lost my business .
 I do NOT recommend the Prestige tie-out . I had been using it for my 35 pound wheaten terrier for exactly one month . Yes , it tangled , no big deal ... a long rope will eventually tangle . Yes , it got caught on everything , but again ... it 's a rope , so of course it will . My issue is that the metal part snapped in two at the tie-out point while my dog was outside playing . I always supervise him while he 's out there , so thankfully , I saw it happen and grabbed him right away . I have been using another tie-out on the front porch for the same dog and it 's been fine for nearly a year.A second issue , which I did not notice until I came here to write the review , is that the item pictured is not the same item I received . The most salient item pictured has a spring , while the item I received did not . I later noticed that Amazon specifically sells a Prestige tie-out `` with spring , '' but I find it highly deceptive that the red , 40-foot Tie Out pictured here also shows a spring , when in fact , it does not have one .
 I ordered the green ones an got red ones . Not a game changer , but why specify a color ? One broke within 3 weeks of arrival . The epoxy holding the halves together broke apart and both of them had damage in the compartments with the treats . So , interesting concept , but suboptimal execution .
 We used this product for about a week and it was working well and correcting our dog from jumping on the counters . Then we noticed it was n't producing a shock . We figured it was the battery so we replaced it . Now we know it was the unit . It only produces a static shock on high setting . That setting is reduced from the original high setting.We are very disappointed because this product was expensive for the amount of use we got out of it .
 The ScatMat would probably work for a normal animal , but it does n't keep my cat from walking on it to get out the doggie door . I do have it turned up as high as it will go so he gets the maximum . He walks on the ScatMat and just kind of hops around on it taking the shocks and then jumps out the doggie door . Since I do n't have a normal cat , I am going to have to return this product .
 Put in the battery , turn it onto the highest setting . The red light blinks , but nothing happened in the way of static shocks.I have used non-transparent scatmats several years ago , which worked just fine , so this was disappointing.I left it turned on , using the battery . One morning it was making popping noises and I could feel a shock when I touched it . And my cat apparently felt a shock a bit later , I saw him running out of the room . But later the popping noises stopped , and then it stopped working again.The AC adapter finally arrived , I plug it in , the red light blinks , but there are no static shocks . One of my cats is walking all over it right now without feeling any shocks.By the way , the `` Scat Mat '' label can be peeled off , revealing another label saying `` Pet Safe '' . I will try to return this product as defective .
 The uncomfortable feeling of stepping on the mat did n't deter my dog and she just stepped over it and went up the stairs . It only covers a small area , not the width of a staircase . Maybe it would be better for a small dog , my dog is a 72lb . lab .
 This did not work for our cat he just was able to step on it between the electrode lines or just jump over it .
 I put this in place of a pet gate I was using to keep my Chihuahua out of part of the house . I tried it first on Low , she ran right over it , then medium and high . Even at high it was like she did n't even feel it , I definitely felt it and found it to be unpleasant but it did absolutely nothing to keep her from walking right over it again and again .
 I have a puggle who , as adorable as he is , continues to be one of the most untrainable , stubborn and clever dogs I 've ever encountered . I was told by a friend that this Scat Mat will help me stop him from going into my downstairs family room area . He goes down there every chance he gets to forage for food , or chew something , or go trash picking . He 's very smart and listens for when someone leaves the room and does n't close the door . So I bought the Scat Mat , and the extension , hoping a few good zaps would discourage him . He got zapped once , he barked , then added a little howl of dismay . He sniffed it , then backed up , got a running start and nimbly jumped over the mat and the extension mat . He figured it out in about 30seconds . Epic failure . Scat Mat will be returned.He 's a clever little bugger . Maybe it works on other dogs , but not my puggle .
 Had to return Scat Mat because it was defective . One of the necessary snaps failed to attach , and although a little red light showed , it was ineffective . The only shock I felt was the amount I had to pay to return it ; and then receiving only $ 5.99 credit on shipping . I wanted one but not enough to face paying the high S&H , if the next one was defective , too .
 The Intended Use :70 pound lab mix tears the cushions off the couch when I am not home and then proceeds to tear the stuffing and foam out of the bottom of the cushions . -LRB- Never shows any interest in getting on the couch when I am home or tries anything else destructive -RRB- . Results : I received the Scat Mat - easy assembly . I tried it on all three settings and it did not hurt , it was only startling.I tried it on the floor first . The dog put one paw on it once and then jumped over it from then on.I then left it on the couch when I went to work thinking perhaps he would defer to the love seat instead of the regular couch because of the scat mat . I came home to find ALL cushions on the floor in various stages . The scat mat was on the floor folded over and did n't produce a shock until I unfolded it . I 've found this product to be quite expensive for doing absolutely nothing useful for me.As a side note
 The first time the cat stepped on this mat , she recieved a quick shock . After that , it did nor work .
 The power adapter that amazon.com sells to use with the large scat mat is not compatible . You can not use the power adapter to plug it . It can only be used with batteries .
 The item that I wanted was missing parts , and had to be sent back for a refund . Had to call twice to shipper to get straightened out .
 Excited to work with this mat , I placed it on my desk , where my cats go . Of course I have my computer there , along with the mouse , mouse pad , bills folder , etc. . Upon turning it on , it sat there and blinked the activity indicator until I shut it off . I removed everything from my desk including the mat . Checked the snap connections on the battery pack -LRB- which the feet of the pack did not fit the cutouts on the plastic mat -LRB- small yes I know , but for $ 60 it should come close -RRB- -RRB- . I placed the mat alone on the table with nothing on it . It blinked non stop saying activity . I set the mat on the floor and it was okay for about 2 minutes , when me walking around it set it off , indicating activity . I placed it on the table again -LRB- this is a plastic top table , no rivets , studs , metal of any kind -RRB- and it just blinked the activity light . It was a frustrating event considering the reviews others have given . Wished I knew how sensitive it was .
 The first time we tried to use the mat was to keep a 6 month old kitten out of a room and he was able to sneak around it in the corner . The we tried again by putting the mat inside the room in the doorway . 2 times he walked right over it and nothing happened . Then one time he jumped over and another time he got shocked but instead of backing out , he ran in !!!! This product definately did n't work for us . I can see where it might work better for dogs .
 I used this on myself and it was really painful . While we were setting it up on the couch to keep the dogs off , my cat jumped up to investigate . ZAP !!!!!! She wo n't go near the couch now after she nearly scratched it to pieces after trying to get off of the mat while being electrocuted . I thought the mat would deliver a slight uncomfortable static charge - but it does much more . It nearly electrocutes them . And there are no `` levels '' - it is just set on HIGH.Also , I thought the mat would assist in training so that I could use it for a week or so and then remove the mat . But pets are not that dumb - they will just avoid the couch when and only when the mat is in place . Personally , I do n't want to litter my house with unattractive electrocution mats every day.Only get this if you do n't care about harming your animals and making them distrust you forever .
 Not only does it not work , but it had 4 splotches of gummy susbstance -LRB- like used to adhere things -RRB- on it that were dirty and obviously this had been returned before . We tried it out and it has a Low , Medium and High Setting . The most powerful setting was Medium , but even that is nothing . Our Golden Retriever literally stood on it without noticing it at all . 2 paws ! So we tried it with bare feet and all it does is vibrate . He actually liked it because of the vibration . And yes , we used a new battery and then tested the battery also to make sure it was good -LRB- it was -RRB- . I just do n't expect to receive a used item when it is sold as new . Ugh .
 I purchased this product 17 months ago from Amazon , it is already broken . The contact that holds the battery is broken . This product is to costly to not even last 2 years . I have no recourse however as it is only under warrenty for 1 year . Before it broke it really does the job but beware ...
 The product is much to weak . I know I know you do n't want to burn the feet off of your beloved fluffy , however , some incentive to move off of the mat and stay off the mat would be good . The mat takes to long to activate and when it does my dogs , cats and I can still stand on it without it being to irritating . The worst sensation it provides is its annoying beep , the shock is a joke . Sorry , but I miss the old school ones that let you know that they were there -LRB- and not by beeping at you -RRB- . Are they still available anywhere ?
 Received this but the ScatMat Power Adapter does n't work with it ! Amazon did send me a label to return the products but what a waste of time !
 I bought this unit to teach the dog to stay off my queen size bed . I was hoping to be able to place it under the top blanket so the dog would not ever know when it was there or not . No such luck . It is unreliable under a blanket and worse yet it goes off continuously with it on top of the mat . With it on top of the bed , the dog quickly learned to avoid it . She either hops around it to get to the other half of the bed , or she bears the shocks to get to the other side . There is even drool on the mat so she must be resting her head on the edge ! I will try a sofa scram . Maybe that will work under a blanket .
 This product worked only for two weeks and is now useless . Cats quickly learn when the mat is in place and avoid that area only when it is in place . So to be effective , one would have to keep a mat permanently in whatever location one wanted the cats to avoid . That is , if it continued to work .
 It worked intermittently for 2 weeks - then my cat got wise and realized it was n't surging and ran out the door . It has cost me more in heartache then if i had never ordered it and &#34; trusted &#34; it.No refund was available and i have a useless piece of plastic .
 I 've owned a smaller scatmat for years , and ca n't say enough good things about it . For keeping our cats away from places they should n't be , it 's 100 % effective . When it came time to protect a larger area -LRB- our cats scrabble at our bedroom slider for hours on end - which is fine if you do n't require sleep -RRB- , I shelled out for this larger mat - but beware , the mat you will receive is not the one displayed in the photo or described in the product narrative . This -LRB- different -RRB- model is branded `` petsafe '' rather than `` scatmat , '' and the controller is `` paw shaped '' rather than rectangular - although the shape of the controller makes no difference itself , this particular variety does NOT have a three-speed intensity control -LRB- as promised , and as does the original `` scatmat '' -RRB- . This is important to me because the single setting offered in this model is quite a jolt - maybe not harmful , but more than I want to subject my little cats to , even once . I keep my original scatmat on the lowest setting , which is just fine . This `` new '' mat also seems to work erratically - after it discharges it wo n't discharge again for some time , usually minutes . The controller is also difficult to figure out and use -LRB- and yes , I read the manual -RRB- , and is very non-intuitive . This is a far cry from the original easy-to-use scatmat with the rectangular controller and three-speed setting , and I 'm puzzled why Amazon is not sending the item described in the photo and product description . I sent mine back -LRB- easy enough -RRB- , and was lucky enough to find an original scatmat on another site - more expensive , but worth the price . And tonight I sleep .
 I can not quite express how this item has affected me , hence the subject line.Repeat offender cat has a favorite place to pee . I 've tried pigeon spikes - she pushes them aside . Saw this and figured , it 's an investment . 3 units for $ 150 , it HAS to work.It did n't . I woke up the next morning to the blaring Low Battery tone and a floor covered in urine , through and beneath the Scat Mat . Today I bought a more expensive battery and installed it in the strip which I painstakingly wiped down this morning . I managed to shock myself four times , then the low battery alarm started going off . By the time I brought my cat to it and set her paws on it , NOTHING HAPPENED . In my frustration , I tried again and again . NOTHING.My nerves are rattled from the shock of the human-capable static , the lack of cat-capable static , the piss everywhere , and the $ 150 I spent believing in this disappointment.I would love to be told that this is a one-off and be sent a new tester along with my refund , but at the very least I want every last penny back . Ughhhhhhh .
 After reading so many glowing reviews on this product , I was excited to try it . We have a small black lab -LRB- 60 lbs -RRB- who LOVES to break into the garbage . We 've tried lockable garbage cans and putting the can in a cabinet with child proof locks . She always figures out a way to get to it . So when we heard of the ScatMat , we bought it immediately . It did n't work . Day after day , we left home with the mat set on high and every night , the garbage was strewn everywhere . A few times , we even caught our dog standing on it . We do have cats and it does work on them . One step and they 're running in the opposite direction . However , we need it for our dog and in our experience , it does n't work .
 I bought this in desparation , hoping this would keep my cat out of a room that she had urinated in . No luck . Half the time it would n't give off any charge at all . I even had the power adaptor , so it was plugged in the wall . Regardless of what power level I put it on , it still sporatically worked . Then the one time it did shock the cat , she jumped straight into the air and onto the other side of the mat -LRB- in the bedroom -RRB- and was too afraid to come back out of the room .
 We never had the chance to see if it worked . My dogs ate the control box -LRB- ! -RRB- . We had wanted to use it by the front door .
 I have a scatmat and orderd two more . After a couple weeks they canceled the order because they are `` out of stock '' . I go to the store site and they are still in stock but the price is a lot higher than before .
 I bought the ScatMat to keep my cats off of the kitchen counter . The description said that the shock was the equivalent of a static shock . They recommend touching the mat to check it and when I did ... OUCH ! It was painful on the very lowest setting . My husband tried it too and agreed with me that it was too painful to use on our cats . Not only did I not want my cats to use it but I was afraid of accidentally touching it while it was on . I recommend finding a more humane training solution .
 Be careful . The product pictured is not what you are ordering . The photo shows a mat about the size of two seat cushions . What I ended up with was a strip 3 '' wide and 48 '' long . Not even close to the picture . This is my first disappointment with Amazon shopping . Always been happy before .
 I am not actually reviewing the product , but the fact that amazon was creating false advertising with their lightning deal . I just ordered this product while it was a `` lightning deal for 46.99 '' , but I was still charged the full price of 59.99 . I tried to cancel the order within 5 minutes , but it said that it was too late to cancel as it was already processed . I have never had problems with amazon in the past , but I am not very patient with false advertising ! Just FYI about future deals .
 The scatmat worked for a couple of months and then just quit working . You can only return it for 30 days . Since mine worked for a couple o f months and then quit I am stuck with a $ 76.00 piece of plastic . My cats lay on it all the time ... keep in mind this while the mat is on high with new batteries !! Do n't waste your money !
 I thought this would be a great idea for my cat who loves to climb all over surfaces where she 's not allowed . And it 's true that she does n't like to step on it . On the other hand , my cat quickly learned to avoid the mat itself rather than whatever surface it happened to be on . So if I put the mat on the kitchen counter , she 'll stay off the kitchen counter -- but if I move it to the dining room table , she 'll recognize that it 's no longer on the counter and she 'll be all over the counter . In other words , in order for this product to be effective , I would have to have one covering every single area where I did n't want my cat and leave them there 24/7 . Cats are pretty smart , and I have a hard time believing that most would n't recognize that the mat itself is the thing they need to avoid rather than the surface where the mat is sitting .
 This item was good at shocking me ! It worked very intermittently and I had to remove and reinstall the battery . Ended up returning , my friends have had the same negative experience .
 We were hoping to use this mat to train our two dogs to stay off our new leather couches . It does not shock them or beep at them . Our 55 lb dog just sat there and hung out and the mat just sat there too . Our other dog did n't set it off either . I even put magazines under it thinking that would help create pressure by being on a harder surface . It did n't work . It did n't even work on our hard wood floor with the dog sitting on it . If you push your hand up to it it goes though . So basically , in order to train our dogs through shocking , we also have to get shocked . This product is being returned tomorrow . It does n't work at all . I would give it a zero if that was an option .
 This product worked well for a short period of time . When it ceased to work about 8 weeks later , close exam showed a wire pulled loose , and broken . No children here , and one escape artist cat . Nothing to catch the wire , I assume the wire was too close to surface , as the wires are about the thickness of a human hair . Disappointed in short survival .
 Cats are way smarter than the mat . You need the whole floor covered with scatmats to have any chance at all of keeping them out of a room . They will either jump over one or two wide , or run across three or more . As soon as I bought multiple mats , the power supply was constantly activating itself . Soon after it died . It was replaced at no charge . Unfortunately , the replacement is doing the same thing . I 'm boxing the whole mess up and sending it back . I do n't even care of I get my money back , I just want someone to know I am darn unhappy with their product .
 Purchased this to condition my cats to stay out of the nice TV room , and it did work ... for a week . Inexplicably , the mat lost its ability to shock after just a few days , and a call to the company confirmed that the battery pack was no longer sending a current to the wires in the mat . To their credit , Contech did ship a replacement pack free of charge ... which stopped working two weeks later . Tests over the phone , guided by Contech customer service , confirmed that this pack was also faulty , and so they offered to replace the entire unit - pack and mat . This new mat arrived a few days later , and promptly stopped working.So I gave up . And now , I caution you to avoid this product , and instead purchase one of those `` prickly pad '' mats that does n't rely on technology or electricity . Stay away from this delicate and unreliable product . Two stars - would have been one , but Contech did make every effort to fix the problem , although it was clearly a losing battle with this shoddy product .
 Poorly made I would not buy or recommend this product . The ticking sound is what keeps the pet from the counter not the charge . Granted they do not jump on the counter but they are also not taught that doing so causes a punishment . Thinking of return for refundNew Large PetSafe ScatMat Electronic Pet Training
 I was really hoping that this would work . It seemed like a good idea . But even on high intensity , my 10 pound dog was able to push the mat out of the way . I 'm not sure how he did this when the intensity was high , but when I got home , the matt was rolled up on one side and moved out of the pathway . He 's very determined.I sent the mat back ... but this may work for you dog so I would not disregard it without trying it first .
 Length :
 First of all this product is very expensive for what you get . Also , it discharges itself constantly even if it is n't in contact with anything . Just holding the unit by the battery pack up in the air and I can hear it discharging . That means that it will shock the pet , but the pet has to be touching it when it goes off and the recharge cycle is maybe 10 seconds as opposed to it just going off when the pet touches it . I 'm very surprised that someone ca n't come up with a better implementation of this type of product because as a dog owner with a dog that can actually open a completely shut metal trash can it would be very helpful .
 I bought the 3 '' by 46 '' to try to keep my Golden from jumping up on the counter to try to get food . I set it to the `` Tone + Stimulation '' setting . The first time she put her paws on it , it did n't tone ... and I assume it did n't Stimulate either because she kept her paws up on the counter for a good 10 seconds . I guess her paws did not span the two wires that give the shock , even though the wires are only 1 1/8 '' apart . I know the unit was working because I tested it after she got off , and I got a nice surprise . I tempted her a few more times with some scraps of food , and it only zapped her once in about 7 times in contact with the mat . My dog is not dope ... she 'll take those odds . I sent mine back for a refund .
 I have an older version of the scatmat from PetSafe that I bought about 2 years ago . It had a smaller sized controller and it allowed you the option of emitting a loud beep either along with shock or on it 's own . I 've found that the sound alone has been enough to deter my cats from touching the mat and sends them scurrying . And if that did n't work , I had the option to turn on shock mode . So it 's a step in the wrong direction by this manufacturer IMO . I 'm returning mine .
 The cats are not scared of this device , they walk right around it . The mat can not be laid on a car because the metal hood will make the mat keep going off . When the cat does step on the mat it is too slow to respond . I would reccomend trying any another device besides the scat mat . This devices are way to expensive for no better than they perform .
 I bought this to try to keep my 50-lb . mutt off my leather couch . The first day I set it up , one of my cats just happened to jump on it . I saw the red light flash , so I knew it was active and working . My cat just stood there , looking at me with a `` What ? '' expression as I stared at him with my mouth open . In other words , it was shocking him but he just stood there . Thinking it was a fluke , I set it up anyway . Many days went by and nothing . I rearranged its position so it would be mostly hidden . My dog is n't exactly an idiot as she knew something was up there so she was n't taking the bait . I came home one day to find fur and drool marks on the mat , which means like my cat , it did absolutely nothing to deter her from jumping on the couch . I gave up and returned it . It 's not a poorly-made product ; it just was n't effective . I do n't understand because every time I tested it , it shocked the heck out of me . Oh well , back to blocking off the couch with pillows .
 First one I bought did n't work at all , they sent me a new one and I returned the defective one . The new one worked great until I had it for a month , now it is not working either , and of course it is past the return policy . Do not buy ! It is a poorly made product !
 The scat Mat Electronic Indoor Pet Training Mat did not work . I have contacted the company and was told a new one would be sent to me , but after two weeks I have not received it . I intend to contact the company again .
 Ca n't remember if the write up said anything about it not performing well on carpet but for everyone out there it does n't . It really does n't work that well on non-carpeted areas . The reason is two AA batteries are just not enough power to make it move . Also , it 's supposed to bump into something , readjust itself and move on but it does n't . Cute idea but a waste of the product and batteries , which wear down extremely fast .
 I love the the size and every thing seems to fit well enough . Although there were no instruction and nothing to go by . So I had to go on the internet to see what it should look like also one of the suction cups were broken . I mght by another one if it holds up.Update
 This guppy breeding net was horrible . It was way to big for my tank , it was a flimsy little piece of junk , and it sucked . It did n't even come with insructions of how to put it together ! The frame was flimsy , and broke very easily . The pegs that hold it together were wierd shaped and did n't fit in the holes very well . The actual net was pretty much just a hairnet . The only thing it actually did was keep the bigger fish away from the guppy . I would NOT reccomend this product .
 At first glance , the product looks pretty neat . Some may say that its size is too small , but 10.3 inches is 10.3 inches . So no cribs on that . However , the net is of extremely poor quality and had started ripping off the bottom seams when I received it . In case you want to use this breeder net , I recommend that you glue the bottom seams -LRB- with silicon sealant -RRB- to the plastic base after you slip the net on . The other problem is with the suction cups . They fit loosely into the slots provided . It is better to apply some silicon glue to the suction cup slots once you have placed the suction cups . So in case you still decide to purchase this product , make sure that you do have some silicon glue on hand .
 It came with no instructions . The suction cups are not designed for the product . They are the type that go into a hole and the unit has no holes . It does have four pins , but then they would require the hole to be in the suction cup . There is no way to attach this thing to the side of the tank .
 We 've been using Royal Canin Giant Breed dog food for about 8 years . We have had great results , however locating it has gotten to be a hassle until Amazon started carrying it for $ 52.49 , which qualifies for free shipping . That was a good deal for me since my local Petco stopped carrying it . But in the last 2 months , the price has gone up 20 % to $ 65.24 . At this rate , we are now looking for an alternative . Amazon is pricing themselves out of the market .
 It 's hard to tell if my dog likes the flavor of this food or not because she refuses to eat it . The food is like a charcoal briquet and even though my dog is large , 136 pounds , it will not break up the `` nuggets '' and eat the food . I fear I have little choice but to throw the entire bag out . Live and learn .
 Hope it works as good as it says but I can see I will be spending a lot of time picking up off the floor with no grip or handle to hold on to . Now I have to run to feed supply and get another with a handle . Wish I know that before I wasted the money
 While this looks similar to the official AKC Mallard , it is not actually the AKC version . The biggest noticeable difference , to me and my dog , is the squeaker -LRB- or quacker in this case -RRB- . It is much more difficult to get the toy to produce sound . With previous AKC ducks , my dog would happily walk around the house quacking the duck and wagging her tail . This imitation version is mostly ignored .
 This duck was hilarious ! Quack was a riot . My dog loved it . Just kept chewing and making it quack . Then the quack quit . After about 10 minutes . That ended his fun with the duck . This is the second stuffed `` tuff stuff '' toy from Hartz that we bought that did n't last . The squeakers go then my dog wants nothing to do with them . I ca n't believe most other 's duck is lasting .
 She really liked it but at least the one I got was n't durable at all . Like all dogs she `` kills '' toys but almost never as quickly as this .
 I have bought the AKC Mallard toys for my labs in the past . It looks the same , but is not the same quality . Disappointed .
 I have a black lab and do n't consider her a strong chewer . She 's typical . This is so poorly made that it was shredded in 5 minutes . I would not pay more than $ 1 for something that does n't last . I do n't recommend anyone wasting their money on it .
 THIS IS NOT AN AKC TOY ! I purchased this plush toy from Amazon based on the reviews found on this website . They may have been correct at one time , but as the lower rated reviews state , this is now a very cheap product . Mine arrived today with a torn wing seam and the stuffing falling out ; right out of the box ! Some of the false claims are :1 -RRB- `` Authentic American Kennel Club Product . `` There is no indication either on the sewed on labels or the packaging material stating it is an `` authentic AKC product '' , in fact the acronym `` AKC '' is nowhere to be found on this toy .2 -RRB- `` Super Premium Quality . `` This product is the opposite of Super Premium .3 -RRB- `` Strong Fabric , Double Stitched . `` The fabric is flimsy , tears easily , and looked to be single stitched at the location of the torn wing .4 -RRB- `` AMERICAN CLASSIC '' is written in bold letters on the cardboard label.Product is manufactured in China . There is nothing american about it.I only paid $ 9.58 for it and it will probably cost me more than that in time , packaging , gas , and shipping to return it ; but it 's the principal of the thing . Items like this should be purchased in the store where they can be inspected and easily returned . Do n't waste your time or money on this poor quality chinese toy ! SORT THE REVIEWS BY `` NEWEST FIRST '' AND READ BEFORE PURCHASE .
 Our female yellow lab is 16 months old and still a very strong chewer . Unfortunately , this line of plush toys is not stitched strongly for safety as stated . Our lab had head off within 2 minutes ; and I had to quickly remove stuffing and squeakers so she would n't choke on those .
 Three pheasants ago , our golden 's first pheasant lasted thee years . He broke the squeaker quickly but the rest of it held up through tug-o-pheasant AND his chewing years . The last three pheasants have lasted less than 6 months each . The current one is losing limbs and the squeaker still works - it 's only 4 months old . AKC , what gives on the low quality now ?? Double the price and use a REAL stitch on the seams , it 's stupid to throw away so many bird parts !
 In brief , would not purchase again.Between two bird dog mutts that both weigh in under 50 lbs , the quacker was done in an hour , the stuffing was torn out that evening , and by the next evening , the poor mallard was in pieces -LRB- after removing the rest of the stuffing -RRB- . My dogs find bird-shaped toys irresistable so I tried theEthical 5733 Skinneeez Plus - Duck Stuffing-Less Dog Toy , 15-Inchinstead and it seems to be holding up better so far .
 The clasp on this leash does not work . It is difficult to open , and once you have managed to open it , it often times wo n't close .
 This lead is not only very thin and lightweight material , but the width of only one half inch makes it difficult to manage in my hand . If you 're working with a tiny dog - maybe it would be preferred , but I work with larger dogs and it 's just too lightweight for my use .
 This training lead did not last a month . I use this for one of my dogs , in training to stay in the yard , and not chase critters . The lead was never left outdoors , and only used a couple times a day . It did get used in the rain , however . One day , I noticed that lead was divided in two . . It had separated , and it seems the material just could not stand getting wet . I found this , and then attached the pieces together ... However , two weeks later , the lead broke in another place ... I tried to fix it , and it broke again . This was all while the dog was in the yard , being supervised . He did not chew it ... It might have gotten tangled in a twig , but that is about all . I still have a another lead that I bought . . Paid a bit more for it , and it is still intact after 6 months .
 The general quality is average . I wanted to use on them to restrain a dog inside the house . This wants to attack one of our other dogs . Without going into detail , a sturdy lead is a must . I can only speculate about the sturdiness but I was not impressed . My larger concern was with the sewing.The lead is very inexpensive and probably worth the money for small dogs . I already own two leads by -LSB- ... -RSB- and decided to simply buy two more from them.If you have large dogs and strength is an issue , I would consider the `` fordogtrainers '' approach .
 Under Product Details the size is listed as 36 x 1 x 1 inches and further down the Amazon page under Product Description the size is listed as 3/16 '' . Do not buy this if you need a 36 '' x 1 '' diameter undergravel riser tube since they ship a 3/16 '' outside diameter air hose tube , as described further down the page . The 36 '' small tubes where coiled in a 20 '' x 20 '' bag and needed to be heated up to get them straight again .
 This tubing arrived bent in a 180 degree angle in a box that was too small for it . Why not ship it in a poster tube ?!! Luckily I only need a short section to complete my co2 diffuser , but where I 'd normally keep the leftover piece for future use , I think I 'll have to toss it . What good is this bent up to me ? I do n't think I should have to resort to heating it to straighten it out like the previous commenter.Revisit how you ship this thing !
 The tube came crushed with some tubes bent which is not too big of a deal , but noticed that the walls are thick even though it says thinwall and will have backpressure on your airpump due to high pressures from the inner smaller diameter . I 've compared this to my other 3/16 '' tubes and this has the smallest inner diameter and thickest walls which is not good for air use .
 I purchased this feeder due to the 2 positive reviews . I just opened the package and to my great disappointment I see the bottom does not come apart for cleaning ! Those of us who love and feed hummingbirds know that we have to be meticulously clean with their feeders . I am not sure if I will even use this one as I see no way to reach into all the nooks and crannies.I was into walmart the other day and purchased several perky pet feeders for $ 3.88 . They have turned out to be my absolute favorite . Every part of that little feeder comes apart for thorough cleaning . At that price you could purchase new ones every season !
 This hummingbird feeder leaks - it drains out overnight after it 's filled . Bad product !
 It is poorly constructed and leaked so I had to throw it out . I would not recommend buying this product .
 For over ten years I 've used these feeders because they 've worked well for our local Hummers . They 've been exposed 24/7/365 to harsh weather & environs . I 've purchased from Amazon and the blue big box store . This is the only one I 've had that arrived , in ` original ' factory packaging with a crack/leak in the red plastic base . The original factory hardboard decorative box had been opened previously . That fact , plus the broken red plastic base , suggests that this product had been a return from a previous customer , and resold to me as new . Not good . Except for this one issue I would rate this product 5 stars.On my same order I purchased another feeder , different manufacturer , similar style , larger capacity . It arrived from the same distribution/fulfillment center in the same -LRB- excessively oversized -RRB- corrugated box as the 12-ounce feeder . Original manufacturer packaging was missing ; it had been -LSB- sloppily -RSB- wrapped in minimal bubble wrap . It , too , leaked at the red plastic base . I believe someone had overtightened the panhead sheetmetal screw -LRB- too long to suit the application -RRB- holding the perch assembly to the reservoir , punching a -LSB- hidden -RSB- hole in the reservoir ... leak.After the package first arrived I had opened and filled the larger feeder , hung it , and immediately noticed the leak . I notified Amazon of the issue , arranged for and returned it -LRB- UPS , original packaging -RRB- , and a credit was issued to my account . A few days later I filled the 12 oz . feeder , hung it , and discovered that leak . It 's not worth the hassle to return this one . I 'll keep the glass reservoir as a spare , in case I break one of my older ones.Zero for two , same type product , both previously opened orginal factory packaging , both defective , from the same fulfillment center , same box . It seems as though ` the system ' permits resale of -LSB- known -RSB- defective merchandise . I would hope I 'm incorrect in my interpretation of what I 've observed , but the apparent facts appear too coincidental . Next time I 'll pay a little extra at my local Wally store . Any defective feeder would be replaced immediately , no hassle . -LSB- For 12 years I 'm still a loyal and satisfied Amazon Prime customer . Hey - mistakes do happen ... hmmm -RSB-
 Both top and bottom leaked within a couple weeks . I see a lot of people liked it so it is probably hit and miss on what I received . But , I am not inclined to try to argue about 8 dollar refund on it.I would buy a glass bottle feeder in future .
 Item itself looks good -LRB- +1 star -RRB- , but it was broken due to inappropriate packaging . So I was not be able to try it.Hanger is completely broken and makes this product unusable -LRB- unless you will figure out how to hang feeder -RRB- . Hanger was outside its original box .
 If you can wait 2 weeks before this even gets shipped then you 'll be happy when you finally get it but it 's much faster to get from the local fish store if you ca n't wait 2 weeks or longer !
 These bagels look good enough to eat , but I ca n't get my dogs to eat them . One absolutely refuses and the other breaks them into little pieces and leaves them .
 It would be nice to know the LxWxH of the cage so I can know if this would be the proper cage for my Conure . This seems like a cuter cage for a child , or a lady with little birds .
 The zapper on this works about 50 % the time . Fortunately the buzzer sound works 75 % of the time and that 's usually enough to get my puppy 's attention . Also , it gets turned off easily , so when you 're standing there trying to get the zapper to work it is n't even on anymore . If more expensive = works better , this product is overpriced for how poorly it works .
 First one they sent us was broken , they replaced it promptly . The replacement worked well until the first batteries wore down and then when I replaced the batteries it no longer worked . Tried different batteries just to make sure that wasnt the issue , still nothing
 I purchased this for my new dog . It is not worth your time to purchase this trainer . I have a pet safe underground fence that I love , so I thought I would love this to . WRONG !!! The collar it self turns off ! Sometimes it is in a minute or two , some times it is 3-5 minutes . You can not trust it to stay on . I took it to my local store and got another one . It did the exact same thing , but only it would stay on for 15-20 min . before it would turn off . You can not trust this to stay on please try another brand of trainer . I bought another brand and it works great !!
 We have had the collar for one month and have gone through several sets of batterys . With 3-4 uses a day the collar lasts about 6 hours - with no use it lasts 2 days . What the hell good is this ? Also , replacing the batteries is not a snap - two screws have to be manipulated and the battery holder removed . If this only needs to be done every couple of weeks or so , no big deal but if you are training your dog you are constantly taking the collar off and putting it back on so the dog starts connecting the collar with punishment - not good . Customer service gives run-around if you start talking refund or exchange . This outfit knows it is selling a faulty product because of the battery problem but continues to hustle it . My advice is to find a reputable company with a reliable product .
 I have had 3 training collars . The first two stopped working after a week or two . Both were replaced by the manufacturer . Because of the interruptions of either not having a working collar , or batteries being dead -LRB- batteries last less than 2 weeks -RRB- I have n't found the trainer to be very successful . Unless you want to keep replacement batteries -LRB- found at jewelry counters and are just under $ 5 -RRB- , I would n't recommend this product .
 Purchased this in November and after just 2 months of light use it is broken ! I will say I 've never written a review before , but would hate to have anyone be trouble by purchasing this item.Pros : - when is fires it does work ... dog responds.-I liked having the adjustable strength shock and beep option.Cons : - Constantly having to check and reset the collar by turning off and on to make sure it fires ... . after it is on for a few minutes , it does n't consistantly fire , which does n't work when trying to train a dog . If it only fires sometimes , they get smart to it and take the chance.-It is inconvienient to have to turn it on an off to save the battery life . Makes it hard to catch your dog in the act and discipline accordingly.-BIGGEST CON was that it broke after only 2 months . There is a wire running through the collar and I 'm guessing it shorted out there . Do n't really know for sure . We only used it some of the time because you have to constantly turn it on and off or batteries will die . So we would put it on just when dog would be in situation where she needed training . So it was n't because we were hard on it.I realize some have had good luck with this item ... that is why I purchased it myself , figuring it was a user error . We could have just gotten a lemon ... but there seems to be a lot of them . It is cheap , cost wise , but not so inexpensive that I would take the chance .
 Bought this trainer and it worked as described for one week . Then , the collar would shut down after a few seconds . Replaced the batteries in the collar and the transmitter but the problem persisted . It was very frustrating and defeated the purpose of the collar , by not being ready when you needed it . I am returning this product and cant recomend it based on my experience .
 I purchased this collar for my headstrong beagle who gets into mischief when he gets bored . I have a PetSafe Invisible Fence that has worked great for 3 years . This collar worked great right out of the box . But about 2 weeks later , the batteries in the collar quit working . I figured the original batteries were just cheap batteries that had been on the shelf before sale . So I purchased 2 Duracell batteries . Again , the collar worked great for about 2 weeks . Then last night , the collar quit working because the batteries died again . I called PetSafe thinking there must be a defect in the collar that is causing the batteries to die so quickly . Customer service said that the battery life is only 2 weeks if the collar is powered on , not shocking , just on . They recommended we turn the collar off when not in use . The point of the collar is to correct the dog through-out the day or night without having to chase him down to scold him . Therefore the notion of turning the collar off when `` not in use '' is ludicrous . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I got less than 1 full working hour out the remote before it died . I ordered this , left the country , came home , used it for a few sessions and it broke . Now I can not return it as it has been over 30 days and I do not have the original packaging.Garbage product and a garbage company .
 I went through the set up and checked the collar for operation . It checked out okay , but my dog never responded to it.I may return it when I have time to deal with the process !
 I returned the first one I bought thinking it was just defective . The second one did the same thing and I ended up returning that too . I do n't know if the problem is in the remote or the receiver but about half the time when you press the buttons -LRB- either shock or beep -RRB- it does n't do ANYTHING.Sometimes I had to press the button 2 or 3 times until it would beep or shock so this device will often times fail you when you really need it . Because of the delay in delivering the shock/beep it makes it very difficult to train your dog . The dog does n't know why you shocked him AFTER he has misbehaved , you need to be able to correct the dog right away . When it works , it works great but 50 % reliability is just not acceptable .
 I have been having a a lot of problems with this animal collar . The range is very bad ; sometimes at close range it does n't even work - very bad for attempting to train a dog because timing is everything . The remote control stopped working . I assumed it was the battery which I had just replaced , so I used a new battery . It still does not work . The battery moves so I had to put a piece of tape to hold it in place . It was working a little but now wo n't work either . I am very disappointed in the quality of this product . I have barely even had it or used it for more than 2 months .
 This is useless even for our little 10 pound dog.The range is terrible , if the dog is more than 20 feet away it doesnt work at all which is pretty much useless when the dog takes off after a squirrel or another dog.Example . You 're outside in the yard with the dog , someone comes down the street walking their dog . Of course your dog takes off after the walking dog , by the time you grab the remote and try to correct your dog it 's already out of range the signal and you have to chase after your dog anyway . The battery life is ridicuously short . It takes 2 watch type batteries which cost at least $ 5 and they go dead quickly even when you havent been correcting the dog . I turn off the collar whenever the dog is inside -LRB- which is most of the time -RRB- but they still die in a matter of a few days.NOT Recomended .
 Having followed the instructions to the letter , this would refuse to respond , by shock or tone , and even immediately after re-pairing it to the receiver would be variable like that . I see from the reviews that other people have had the same issue . I returned it . Amazon 's returns policy is excellent , as always.If you do wish to try this , note that although it says little dog remote trainer , it has a large collar and there will be a lot of excess on it . I had n't trimmed it to length -LRB- it warns to be careful you do n't cut the antenna -RRB- and it was still flaky in response .
 Would n't buy this product again . The batteries last about one week and then need replacing . So I spend about $ 25/month just in batteries for it .
 I bought this product after doing a lot of research since I knew there were many mixed feelings about the use of shock collars . After reading countless reviews I finally decided on the Petsafe deluxe little dog trainer . I have a miniature dachshund who likes to chase bikers , walkers , skateboarders , etc. . Because I rent , I ca n't get an underground , or a regular fence so I thought this would be my next best option . THE FIRST TIME I used this on my dog , the shock button got stuck ! It was on the second setting , so it did n't deliver a very harsh shock but it sent my poor little dog into a frenzie running around the yard ! I thought it was just a one time thing and maybe I had pressed the button too hard but while I was bringing him back inside the house , my hand hardly bumped the button and it got stuck and shocked him continuously -LRB- again -RRB- for 8 seconds ! Since then , he has been terrified of any other collar that resembles the one the shocked him . I just stick to keeping him on his leash now ...
 PURCHASED THIS FOR UNRULY DOG AND IT WORKED AS STATED -- FOR TWO MONTHS . HAVE BEEN IN CONTACT W / MANUFACTURER BUT HAVE GOTTEN NOWHERE SO FAR .
 I was looking for something to control -LRB- at times -RRB- my dogs barking . This is not it . I tried it and gave her the tone function to warn her to stop barking . Then When she did n't stop I gave her a shock . She did n't like it and neither did I. I had it set as light of a shock as I could but it was still to much for her . It was not a good fit for us and I would n't recommend this item for use on your pets .
 This training collar has a very limited range to continue working . It went through batts frequently , without being used to train . The collar training device shut off on its own and would not be effective when needed . Would not recommend this , look at another .
 The Petsafe collar does not work . It keeps shutting off when you most need it . I have tried new batteries . This product does not deliver as promised . I am returning it after 60 days .
 I put this on the lowest setting , and tried it on my arm , and it hurts !! It 's a real shock ! I felt way too bad to do that to my poor dog , so I just used the tone only option . Which does n't have that much effect , but he does find it annoying . However , when he 's overexcited he does ignore it.Also , it stopped working consistently after maybe 20 uses , and it was n't the battery , because I replaced both batteries , but about half the time I push the button , nothing happens . Something must be loose inside the remote or the collar.It 's also not the best training tool , unless you use it all the time . My dog understands what the collar does , and is a perfect angel when he has it on . I , by the way , purchased it because he does n't always come when called . We had been practicing recall training for years -LRB- practicing just about every day -RRB- , and he still only came half the time . I gave up and thought the collar would help . It does help when he 's wearing the collar , since he knows what it does , but when he 's not wearing the collar , he still ignores me if there 's something more interesting around.Also , this should only be used to correct bad behaviors , not to train new things , because it seems to make my dog sad , and certainly not open to learning . Dogs need to be happy to be able to learn commands.I do n't really use it anymore , and would n't recommend it . If you are going to get a training collar , a vibration one is probably better than giving your poor puppy a painful shock with this one .
 This product has spotty effectiveness at best . After the first couple of uses , it stopped working . We have replaced the batteries a few times , to no avail . Sometimes it shocks , mostly it does n't . Apparently I have missed the deadline for returns , so this was a complete waste of money .
 It works half the time . Requires frequent resets . Eats through CR2032 batteries . Warn with tone first , then shock if necessary . After a day or two they will associate one with the other so you will be able to just use the tone . But be ready to reset the thing fairly frequently , and buy a cheap pack of CR2032s because you 'll need them .
 I am going to be a little hard on this product because it has little practical use . With good batteries and my wife holding the collar in her hand , I could barley back up 100 feet and the beeping & shocking stopped ! No where near the claimed 100 yards under optimum conditions . The reception range can be as little as 25 feet if your dog 's butt is all you can see as he is running away laughing . Ask yourself this question . How far is your dog allowed to travel or roam before you would need to call your pet back ? If your answer is you have a very small back yard and want to contain your pet to less than 100 feet , then this MIGHT work for you ! But , how quickly can your pet exceed 100 feet and are you fast enough to close the distance required to get within range . Not seeing my new put getting run over on the road is why I bought this system . Because of it 's limited real situation range I have yet to stop my pet . In fact in one situation my pet was on the other side of the highway and finally turned sideways when the shock signal got through . Then my pet freaked and ran back across the highway back to me and nearly got clipped . Spend the money and get a real one if your pet is important to you .
 Ok so the product performed as needed , and even though it was draining those expensive little coin cell batteries quickly it did what we needed so we were happy with it overall.That is , until a fatal design flaw caused it to stop working after 6 months of light use . The antenna comes out of the collar box , and is woven into the fabric collar . There is not a good enough strain relief or something because it becomes detached from the circuit board and then the thing wont work outside of 10 ft range -LRB- can you say useless -RRB- because there 's no antenna connection . I would have opened it up and soldered it back onto the circuit baord , but the plastic shell is not servicable since its 2 brittle pieces of plastic glued together.Cheaply made . If you get 1 year of use out of it you 'll be lucky so keep that in mind !!!!!!!!
 I have had 3 training collars . The first two stopped working after a week or two . Both were replaced by the manufacturer . Because of the interruptions of either not having a working collar , or batteries being dead -LRB- batteries last less than 2 weeks -RRB- I have n't found the trainer to be very successful . Unless you want to keep replacement batteries -LRB- found at jewelry counters and are just under $ 5 -RRB- , I would n't recommend this product .
 I had high hopes for this collar . Simply does not work past 30 feet . I thought the batteries were defective so I put new ones in and still the same result . Also , if I 'm in range there 's a pause between the time I hit the zap/sound button and when it registers on the collar . I bought this trainer after I bought the Petsafe 's no bark collar which happened to work perfectly .
 The shock collar worked for about a week on our small dog . The collar would only stay on for a short time and then you would have to press the on/off button again ... which is on the collar itself ! So ... you have to CATCH the dog to turn it on . This does n't help at all if the reason you bought it is because the dog does n't listen when it is time to come inside or wont let you catch him ! Then it stopped working all together so we bought new batteries but still does n't work at all . The light will come on , but does nothing when you press the buttons . Very sorry we bought this one when there were so many out there !
 When this product works , it 's great . Unfortunately it randomly turns itself on and off so just when you need it , it is n't there . I would not recommend buying this product .
 I have a yorkie jack russell mix and this did n't work on my dog to stop him from barking and nothing . First off the collar was to big I had to adjust it and cut quite a bit off so it would fit his neck . That was not that big a deal . But when it came to getting my dog to stop barking at nothing it did n't work he just shook and continued barking . One good thing I can say is that it did help in stopping him from digging . I bought this collar to help me with two things one and most important was to control his barking and second was to stop him from digging . Well like I said it works good on getting him to stop digging but no matter how high I go on the control he does n't stop barking . I would not recommend this collar if you want to control your dogs nonsense barking .
 I bought this product expecting it to do what i needed done and it worked the first time i pressed the button and the range was about one hundred yards but then when i continued to use this product throughout the week i noticed the range getting smaller and smaller , then my dog figured out if she can get away from me as fast as she can she can run get out of the range of the collar and get away . I was very displeased with this product because at the end of the first week i bought it the range was down to about ten yards . Also this collar goes through batteries like crazy . I bough twenty-five batteries to go with it and within three weeks i had to order another twenty - five batteries and trust me these batteries are quite expensive .
 I am a LONG time Amazon.com customer and have NEVER had to write a BAD review BUT this is my FIRST . I purchased this productPetSafe Deluxe Little-Dog Remote Trainer for Pets Under 40 Pounds , PDLDT-305to help train our shiba inu from running -LRB- especially because we live on a busy road -RRB- , upon getting this , we read the directions -LRB- more than once -RRB- and followed them EXACTLY . It did NOT work the way it says it would , from day one . Even turned to the highest setting -LRB- our dog only weighs 20 pounds -RRB- combined with the verbal command , it did n't startle him or stop him . I do NOT recommend this product . You would be better off just flushing your money down the toilet .
 We never tried the collar because we decided after reading the instruction manual that we needed to return the collar . The manual says very plainly that it 's not to be used on an aggressive dog . Our Chuckie Lee can be aggressive so we decided the collar was n't for him . I 'm only writing to save someone the hassle of ordering this product if their dog is aggressive . We are returning the collar , but are stuck with the extra batteries that we bought . They ca n't be returned so I suggest trying the collar before buying extra batteries . I 'm sure that it 's a good product , but it 's not for us . We 're going to find an animal trainer to help us . Our dog hates our cats and we have lots of them . C. L. is a rescue dog so we do n't know his background .
 It does n't work that well . My dog still barks and does n't follow my commands . My neighbors still complain about this . I feel like I wasted my money on this . It works just a tad bit . Next time , I 'll buy it directly from the pet shop , and I 'll bring my dog as a test .
 This product is rife with problems.To begin with the zap is set far too high . This was meant for LITTLE dogs , right ? Level 1 ca n't be felt , level 2 is a tickle , and level 3 is pain . If I could n't take level 4 on my leg , how is my Jack Russel supposed to take it on her throat ? Just having level 10 on their was scary . One day I did n't notice the wheel turn up to 6 , and when I gave her a zap she screamed and came crying back . I felt so terrible . We only used the beep function from then on.Second , the product does n't respond well . The button has to be held down and held hard . This makes it impossible to correct behavior quickly . What 's worse is that it confuses the dog . Two seconds is all it takes for a dog to run in front of a car , sometimes it takes 10 seconds of fumbling around trying to get your thumb in to the button and the collar to receive the signal . Sometimes it 's even a delayed reaction , and will activate after you 've released the button . You might notice the ridge around the button on the receiver ? At first I thought this was great , I wo n't accidentally push the button . Then I felt lucky to be able to push it at all without using my fingernail to smash it down.Third , it just does n't hold up . It looked really solid , but eventually the receiving problems became worse and worse , and when it was just about useless , the sealing goo on the battery cover stuck to the wrong side . This rendered it entirely useless for me as all it had become was a waterproof noise maker . Did n't even last 6 months.I bought this straight from Petco ! IT 'S UTTERLY USELESS AND WILL LEAVE YOUR DOG CONFUSED ! Of course it makes the dog obedient , but any pain does . You 're better off just beating your dog than using the high-powered non-responsive zap function!AVOID . AVOID . AVOID .
 Worked well for a month . . got it out next spring and it was dead ... tried everything ... a high dollar collar with a low dollar life spam . Hard to find quality these days . Probably made in China .
 I have only had this a couple of weeks an it doesnt work , the tone works but the shock is not working . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The item does n't seem to work properly . If I take out the batteries and reinstall it will work for a day or two . It might be a defect but I 'm hate trying to return things . This item should have been bought locally for easy return .
 The device did not work for long before it stopped functioning entirely . I went through all the troubleshooting steps to no avail.It has a lifetime warranty -- as long as you do n't mind paying a `` little '' $ 42.50 service charge for its implementation.I 'm outside the US , so I had to receive my `` free '' replacement at a friend 's address -LRB- because PetSafe will not ship overseas -RRB- and pay again for it to be forwarded.I did this twice . Neither of the replacement devices worked , as it was impossible to pair the transmitter with the receiver -- even after PetSafe corrected their additional error of sending me the wrong remote control transmitter the first time.I now have three non-functioning collar sets -LRB- plus a very nice remote control for another device that I do n't have -RRB- , I am down the original purchase price , a $ 42.50 warranty service charge , forwarded mail cost x 2 , and a lot of wasted time for me and my friend in the US.PetSafe offered nothing to compensate .
 My 14 month old JRT went from star dog to naughty girl and started taking off . At puppy training the trainer remarked `` no way , that 's a Jack Russell ! I have one and your gals way too mellow ! '' . Suddenly my gal started taking off . Got the collar thinking I would do this as an emergency measure . It did n't work , press the buttons and nothing happened . Only the sound button worked . I 'm sending it back . I 'm relieved . I felt a bit desperate but was sickened by the idea.I bumped into a trainer at Petsmart and told him about my situation . He looked horrified . He told me just be extremely careful and just go back to basic training . It 's not unusual for good dogs to push their boundaries at this age . I need to be responsible and consistent with training.So , I will be hyper vigilant , and go back to basics . I think it 's a bad idea it does n't automatically make a sound with the zap . It should come with a training DVD or better training materials .
 I bought this and two weeks later it stopped working . It was the cheapest one on Amazon , and I can see why !
 The promotional video starts buy the girl saying sit repeatedly while pulling up on the dog 's leash . This is what the company considers an obedient dog ?
 This is a Malicious device not to mention I went to return it to Petco and they would not allow it .
 This is a terrible way to train your dog . With all the other effective options available , only a lazy , hard-headed dog owner would use this . Teach your dog what you want him to do .
 I bought this mainly to reinforce my dog 's inconsistent response to my requests and to stop his bad habit of eating every thing that 's on the floor which often causes him to gag and vomit it back up later . My two main problems with this product was :1 . The intensity of the correction at the lowest setting was too intense ! I had the dial set at 1 and my dog would yelp and bark out in pain and run around the house in fear . I would never forget how angry he looked and barked when he got that correction , ran down stairs to escape while looking at me with anger . The lowest setting was just too strong for him to even concentrate on being trained .2 . The transmitter buttons did not always lead to a correction . Hitting the buttons on the transmitter was hit or miss . Sometimes the message got sent to the receiver and sometimes it seemed as if the buttons got stuck or just would n't send out the message to the receiver . Of course , it is crucial with remote collar training for the dog to receive the correction immediately once you press that button.My other gripe was that the transmitter was kind of large , you need a screwdriver to access the battery compartment and no rechargeable batteries . Needless to say , I returned this item and wound up getting the Petsafe Yard and Park Trainer which I have only been using for 2 days now but I am much more satisfied with this product . It costs twice as much than this device but I get rechargeable batteries , a small transmitter that consistently gets the correction to the collar . I keep it on the lowest setting and that correction does not make my dog vocalize to the correction . It just gets his attention . I will see how that one stands up against time but so far , so good .
 While there is little doubt that this collar will have your dog responding to the stimulus immediately , I do n't think it is good value for the money . The battery lasted no more than a week and these are not cheap batteries to replace . The plastic buckle is cheap and easily breakable . There is no loop for a leash to attach so your dog will need to wear at least two collars if you are on a walk and want to use both leash and shock collar . My strong recommendation would be to spend a little more money and get a collar with a rechargeable battery and higher quality craftsmanship .
 I bought this when my dog was a puppy and hardly even used it . I tried to use it because it was a pretty descent price , but found it really was n't worth the money nor effective . The range is not far at all like it states . The batteries needed to be replaced all the time and were so hard to get in and out of the remote and collar and were hard to find . The nylon collar is terrible to try and keep on the dog . No matter how tight you try to put it , it never keeps and that remote is too big and you ca n't even wear it around your neck like the Innotek ones . I do not recommend this item at all !! Save your money . For a little bit more , buy the Innotek collar . That is a great product !
 Does n't seem that many of these sorts of devices work for very long . The Petsafe Little Dog Remote trainer is no different . The transmitter works via a 9V battery while the collar unit works on a couple of button batteries . The unit works ok but the battery life goes down the drain in only a few days . If you forget to turn the collar off , you 'll be faced with dead batteries in a short time.This is unacceptable because the collar unit , while not even being used to administer the slight electrical shock , runs down the battery quite quickly by just being on.The unit failed to function in less than a year . Not recommended .
 This collar worked well for our dog for several months , but then the wire antenna inside the collar broke off where it attaches to the receiver . We tried soldering it back on , but it broke again . It is just a bad design , not meant to last . it only works within about 10 feet without the antenna , and our dog figured this out.We just bought one of the Innotek units after a friend highly recommended it - no antenna to break , and is rechargeable .
 Works well , but you better hope nothing happens to it . However , chances are , as it is a dog collar used outside , something will happen to it . The company customer service reps are trained to say `` I ca n't help you , '' and they will not let you replace either the collar or remote , even if you offer to pay for it . So , if something happens to the remote , you have to buy the whole system again . That 's a very expensive remote ! Overall , in this day and age , to have a company so opposed to customer service is unbelievable . I will not buy any of their products ever again .
 I really really love this product , but I must give it only 2 stars because it was not built very well.First let me address the ethics of using a `` shock collar '' . Whenever I tell people I got a shock collar for my dog , some of them become livid . I have an Italian greyhound that is a total spaz - I love him to death but sometimes he is too much . He is too smart for his own good . I have had other breeds that were much more obedient and train well . Rather than losing my patience and getting angry , I merely use the collar and he responds immediately.In regards to the shock part - I have tested it on myself and found that it does not hurt but it is rather a `` jolt '' . It has an adjustable zap setting . You start with the lowest and dial it up just until your dog feels it . Mine is set at 3 -LRB- my dog has very short hair -RRB- . This felt like someone was flicking my arm . Do not test on your fingertips as they are very sensitive , and the shock sensation is amplified . My dog never cried , yelped , or whined in pain - it was just enough to cause him to stop what he was doing . The unit has an audible tone feature . I would always use the tone before the zap , so now he associates the two and I do n't have to shock him . Now , just reaching for the remote is enough to get him to respond.The collar worked in 5 min what I could not get him to do for weeks!I have had to order replacements , twice . I am on my third one . here are some of the major flaws : - very short battery life -LRB- a couple of days -RRB- - tone and shock vary collar to collar . The weaker ones have longer battery lives - casing that houses battery is very flimsy and difficult to change out . the first unit I heard something snap inside when I tried to change the battery and discovered it was the contact . - the second unit just stopped working after I changed the battery even though the remote light indicator worked and the collar light indicator worked.-batteries are expensive , so I had to buy mine in packs of 25 . The advantage is that this really really works . I was willing to order 2 additional replacements . I thought my dog would not know that the collar had broken , but he does . I am a bit frustrated with the reliability factor and if it breaks again , I do n't think that I 'll be ordering another one .
 I had returned the first PDL training collar because it was using batteries like crazy . I had to replace batteries every other day . I finally figured that it might be defective , and contact Amazon . They replaced it with another one . The collar works as suppose to , but within another 5 months-it stop working . Though , I got a use of it because my dog is now trained not to go too far into my neighbor yard . I was hoping I can use the same one for my new dog , but it stop working less than one year . I will be looking for another dog training collor , but not this one .
 I have had two of these collars for probably 1 1/2 - 2 years now . I had just one - for one of my 4.5 lb . Yorkies . They bark at the wind ! Then I got a second one and labeled them and the remotes - so I could correct the one that ` barked ' when I needed to . The batteries died over and over and over again . It was pretty expensive - but what is the alternative ?? A citation from the city . Now the collars are not really working at all - have sent them in for a lifetime warranty repair - will probably be $ 40 per collar - but do n't have any alternative . They have to be controlled with the barking and barking and barking.Find a better brand and let me know where I can get it !!!! Please !!!
 Although this collar does what its designed to do , the collar design is very poor - esp for little dogs . The antenna is attached to the inside of the collar and thus , on small -LRB- less than 15 inch neck dogs -RRB- you CAN NOT get the collar clasp flatly closed and cut the collar to fit properly.Also , the on/off switch is on the front of the collar where it could be easily hit/bumped off by a stumble or wrestling with another dog.The remote does n't always work well and often you have to hit the tone only or stimuli button more than once to get it to work . There is also no way to tell if the batteries are getting low.Not worth the retail price of over a hundred dollars .
 We bought this collar thinking it was for a little dog and we have a 14 lb Italian greyhound who is actually quite big for the breed . The smallest setting is so big it could go around his neck twice . This product is more for medium to large dogs as it is long enough to fit a great dane with room to spare .
 This product claimed it had a `` training manual . '' It does not , at least , not in the sense of giving you any idea how to use the product in a humane way to teach the dog something . It just has a manual telling how the device works -LRB- ie , push the button to shock him -RRB- . It also includes a little light bulb you can use to make sure the shock works -- come on , if this is so humane , it should n't hurt too badly to test it on you own arm.Also , Amazon said `` better together '' with a replacement battery , so I ordered it . And it was n't for this device !
 We had read the good and bad reviews about this product here . But , we thought we 'd give this a shot and see . Our Havanese has a thin neck -LRB- about 12 inches -RRB- and weighs 17 pounds . He is quite stubborn , especially when he is out doing his business and we ask him to come back in . The collar needed some length adjustment , but worked well otherwise . It is the remote that is the problem . The buttons have very poor sensitivity , as in you have press them multiple times in multiple angles to get it right . It is definitely not a simple push operation . Maybe we do n't have the kind of fingers for which this product was designed , wedo n't know.The other thing that bugged me the most is the product does not work in cold temperatures . The zap feature does not work even when I get the pressing action right . Only the beeper works . The beeper is enough for small corrections in the house , but outside , it is as good as my `` come '' command ... the dog totally ignores it.All in all , this is one of the few e-collars with good enough reviews to try on little dogs , and this one does not meet my dog 's requirements .
 This product turns itself off often , or the button is in a bad place and it gets bumped by my dog often , either way , the few times we need it like when our dog is trying to steal food or eat the cat , the collar has turned off . Very frustrating , I am returning it as this is already a replacement from the first one we got that did the same thing .
 IT CONSTANTLY REPROGRAMS ITSELF . . YOU CONSTANTLY HAVE TO KEEP RESETTING IT SINCE DAY ONE ITS BEEN A HORROR.BATTERIES S ** K !!! THIS WAS MY 2ND PETSAFE AND IM DONE . JUST BOUGHT ANOTHER.I DEF DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 I would like to return the item . It 's not been good for the money because the battery constantly runs down even with limited use . I do turn it off between sessions . I even bought a new battery thinking the one that came with it must not be fresh . Same thing . You use it a couple times and the battery is zip.I would not recommend due to the battery issues .
 I ca n't get this product to work on dog . Works fine off the dog . I put it on the dog and it shuts off . Do n't know what the problem is?Please HELP
 I purchased this for my 9 pound Brussels Griffon with the hopes that it would help with correcting small problems . I followed the directions but could hardly ever get the collar to work correctly . Half the time I pressed it , nothing would happen ... so I would continue to press over and over again and it finally came on shocking my puppy for no reason at all.Would not recommend this - not reliable at all .
 I have been around dogs my entire life and I purchased this remote trainer and it may be the WORST I have ever used . The remote sensor -LRB- on the collar -RRB- is poorly designed . Many times I had tried to correct the behavior but by the time it would actually recieve the signal it was too late . This collar is not worth the plastic it comes in . The battery life is poor , the batteries are hard to find , and do not use in the water/rain !
 This unit 's range is no more than 30 feet , definitely not the advertised 100 yards . The batteries are the expensive lithium CR2032s which do not last very long . On top of that they are a pain to replace . You need a small -LRB- I mean really small , not your standard # 1 cabinet , smaller -RRB- screwdriver to get the batteries out , and the the screws are not captive . Luckily I have n't lost them yet . The stimulation mode is adjustable and it has a beeping mode which is good . But again , with the limited range , it 's only good in the yard , nowhere else . The remote uses a 9 volt battery which lasts long and is easy to replace , but it also falls apart if you accidentally drop it on the ground . Cheap . You get what you pay for .
 My PetSafe Deluxe Little Dog order of February 21 , 20ll was received ; however from almost the start , the receiver never functioned correctly . It would not receive signals consistently . Now it does n't work at all . When it did work , the signals were only receive if my dog was within 15/20 feet . I would like the receiver replaced or assistance in this matter from the Petsafe people . Thanks !
 This unit did n't work very well.The collar seemed like it would turn off randomly . There is no external indicator , so I could n't tell whether it was on unless I caught my dog and clicked the on/off button . The warning beep is very quiet , so I could n't even use that as an indicator of whether it was working . There is no button on the transmitter that beeps and then immediately shocks ; I had to click both buttons in quick succession . I suspect that this makes it more difficult to associate the two in the dog 's mind . The buttons were big and mushy and I could n't tell when they were actually depressed.Also , the collar has an antenna wire built into it . If your dog weighs less than 25 pounds or so , the wire actually has to go through the length-adjustment buckle . I do n't imagine it is going to last very long , being folded over like that.If you dog is over 25 pounds or so , the Yard-and-Park Remote Trainer -LRB- Petsafe PDT00-10603 -RRB- will fit just fine . It is rechargeable , has a bunch of features that this unit does not , and it works great . That 's what I ended up getting .
 bought this for my 16lb king charles , i used it rarely and always turned the off button when not in use . . battery did not last . . replaced batteries in color and remote 2x and it still has no power , , , , i feel it was a waste of money ... the batteries should have lasted and the fact that now it does not work at all even with all new batteries very disappointed with product ...
 I received the item as promised.When I put it all together , and then put the collar on myself first , the buttons -LRB- sound -RRB- did not work even thou the light flashed to indicate that it was on . It finally made the sound after pressing the button several times . I then put the ` dial ' on 1 to see what the shock would feel like . It was only a little zap -LRB- after presseing the button a few times again -RRB- ... hardly felt it . Number 2 did the trick , I even jumped a little , did n't expect it , since it actually worked on the first push of the button.I then went ahead and put it on my 21 lb ' mix -LRB- JRT & Pug -RRB- . I gave the command to ` leave it ' and then pressed the ` sound button ' . After pressing it again a couple of times the sound finally worked . My puppy just looked around , since now she was already on to sniff at something else . After a few try 's I finally took it off my dog . The delay of the sound button was enough to drive me crazy . I 'm returning the item today .
 Worked great for the first ten days or so . I changed the batteries , the lights flashed , but no contact is being made between the collar and the remote . I returned for a refund .
 Do n't buy this product . Yeah there are a lot of good reviews , but look at how many bad reviews there are . This product is definitely not consistent quality . I used mine for one day and sent it back . The return went great with amazon . I printed my own mailing label , sent it back , 4 days later I had my money back . I found out that 100 yard range is nothing , and non rechargeable is a terrible idea . I would have ended up spending major money on this charger . I ordered the Dogtra IQ which is made for smaller dogs . I got it for $ 156.00 here on Amazon . It 's amazing . waterproof , rechargeable , 400 yard range , overall much better quality . These pet smart type products are marketed well and they are the first thing you find when you search for collars . That is why so many more people buy them . They are in department stores and plastered all over the internet . They are really just unreliable garbage . Even though you wo n't see many reviews for a brand like dogtra go with something like that . I hope that helped , I wish I would have read this review before I bought a pet smart . But it all worked out for me .
 Collar works when it wants too , and goes through so many batteries that I can barely afford to use it . beep sounds different every time I use it .
 The product is advertised by a picture that shows a box of suet packs . The price was very good for the box of suet packs , however I received only one suet pack . The price for one pack was approximately 6 times what I could buy the suet pack for at a local store . I believe the picture advertising this item should be changed so that it accurately depicts what the costumer will receive .
 My cat LOVES bubbles . I 've purchased three different brands of catnip bubbles so far , and this was by far the WORST.These bubbles are supposed to harden slightly , so that your cat can pounce on them and pop them . I thought that would make them a lot more fun . The problem is that , although these bubbles SMELL like catnip , they taste TERRIBLE . They taste much worse than soap -LRB- I tasted them to see ... it was worse than getting my mouth washed out with soap as a kid ! -RRB- . The taste is so bad that my cat quickly lost interest in the bubbles . She popped a few out of annoyance , but generally seemed to resent the entire experience . When I CAREFULLY read the warning label , it even says that these bubbles taste bad ... they admit it!Then to make all that worse , because these bubbles harden , they leave shiny disks of popped bubble-stuff all over your furniture , clothes ... and your cat ! And since they taste so bad , my cat would n't even clean them out of her fur ... I had to brush the bubbles out!WHAT A TERRIBLE MESS !!!!! WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY !!!! I recommend you try a different brand .
 As the title suggests , this product took several attempts before even 1 bubble was produced . My cats just stared waiting for something to happen , but 1 bubble for 10 minutes of effort was n't worth it . Eventually searched on Amazon and found the Test Tube Touchable Bubbles for cheaper and they are so much better !
 A great idea because the bubbles last longer but I was worried about my cats biting them . The consistency was a little too thick and had quite a clean up with the residue left .
 When it comes to toys , what drives one cat crazy can leave another completely unenthused . These bubbles caught my cat 's attention , but she could n't quite fathom what to do with them . As bubble-making stuff goes , I found them tricky to actually to blow and the supposed catnip scent was imperceptible to me.They contain a substance that is supposed to make them sufficiently solid that your cat can actually catch and play with them without bursting . They do last much longer , but for my cat they were easily flattened , and once smashed , they leave a residue that has to be cleaned up if used indoors.You should get quite a few uses out of the fish-shaped bottle , and if used outdoors , cleaning up would be a non-issue . If your cat has enjoyed bubbles before , he or she might find these diverting . My cat and I were less impressed .
 When we got our first 2 ferrets we wanted to make sure we had everything for them . These , however , are a WASTE of money . I used them on one ferret 's nail and stopped immediately they do not cut the nails . They crust the nails . I knew that I did n't want to continue doing that on the other nails . So I went to the medicine cabinet and picked out a pair of my nail clippers and used them . They are much better my ferret do n't mind me cutting their nails with these and it goes much faster . This is an awful product I was compelled to write something after reading the above review . They are just not worth it .
 These are good in theory , however , I find that they shred the edges of the nail that 's left and then they get caught on clothing or blankets . I had my ferret get her nail caught on a blanket , fell off of the top level of her cage and was hanging by the torn nail and screeching ! It was really scary and it left her toe bloody : -LRB- I think that they need to make these sharper so they make a clean cut .
 DO NOT BUY THESE . I got mine , and you have to squeeze incredibly hard to close them all the way , and even then , they do n't really work well . You could buy 4 human nail clippers for the price , and those work better . I want to find the engineer they paid to design this crap and strangle him .
 High protein kitten food is the same as ferret food Read the labels just like the ferret litter that 's made out of Recycled newspaper . Make your own decisions it 's cheaper
 I always try to order from Marshall 's and usually the product is great but the last 2 times we ordered this specific bag , we found bugs in it . The first time we thought it could have been from our house but then a few months later we ordered again and we found bugs again when we opened the bag . This was gross and I wont be ordering from them again .
 My Ferrets did not like getting sprayed with this.So i use it as a cage sprayer for there blankets .
 The topical formulas are much easier to apply , work fast and are much more effective than this.I 'd hoped the shampoo would be better because of the cost and availablity factor , but it just did n't work . Maybe I needed to use it longer , but I wanted something to get rid of the fleas immediately since they were driving my ferret crazy .
 Seven years ago , I got my 2 cats a great big sisal scratching post/tree with hammocks that they love and play/climb/sleep / scratch on every day.Two months ago I thought I 'd get them a second bed/tree to put by my desk so they will sit/sleep/play there instead of on my drawing tablet/keyboard/printer or whatever else is on my desk . I was lured by the cheap price of this Feline Furniture starter kit , so I ordered this and it arrived quickly and was fairly easy to put together . It looked okay and my cats took to it pretty quickly , and actually do choose it over sitting on the desk.The problem is , I 've had it for just two months and although only one of my cats uses it as a scratching post , several of the legs/posts are already completely shredded with the carpeting separating from the cardboard tubing . When you compare this to the sisal furniture that I 've had for seven years , the sisal has held up 42x longer and is STILL in great shape ... meanwhile the Feline Furniture already needs some replacement legs . It 's great that this product is modular , but not if I 'm replacing parts on it every two months . Suddenly , it 's not such a great deal and I wish I 'd spent 3-4 times as much to get something that would really last .
 I ordered replacement beams for my cat furniture -LRB- they do n't last long with my cats -RRB- . Unfortunately Feline Furniture sent the wrong items . I know they will send me the right items if I return the items they sent , but it 's still a hassle that I should n't have to go through .
 I bought these for my ferret thinking it would be a treat for her . These things sat in the bottom of her cage for months and she never so much as sniffed them !
 I have two ferrets at the moment , a near-3-year-old and a near 6-month-old . Both eat up different ferret chew-toy treats in mere moments , and they also seek out to try and gnaw on textures similar to these Marshall SuperChews , so I thought this item sounded perfect ! I thought the texture would make the chews last longer than the others I 've tried ... well , I got my wish I suppose . Neither ferret will touch them , any of them . I tried everything it said on the packaging to encourage the ferrets to try them , nothing . I even tried my own tricks to get the ferrets to give them a try and even after getting them to briefly nibble they were still completely uninterested .
 If these balls were , say , maybe 20 cents a ball they would be wonderful but at their current price they are so overpriced.My dog is not an aggressive chewer and loves to play with this play but . . after maybe 20 times playing with it and the chuck-it it no longer squeaks it can still be played with but . . it 's not the same.Other dogs who chew and or slobber a lot the toy gets filled with saliva and if you play with it in the water it will get filled and start to sink
 Talk about getting ripped off . I have purchased these toy squeaker balls on three separate occasions . Every single squeaker , out of 9 balls , broke in 2 - 5 minutes . And my dog really does n't care for them after the squeaker is gone . What I ca n't believe is that Kong actually puts their name on these balls . BUYER BEWARE !!! Do n't Waste your Money !!!
 For my senior tennis ball and squeaky toy obsessed dog I thought these would be perfect . Counted on `` Kong '' name for quality . What a crock ! Not only does the ball quit squeaking after a few minutes but the plastic squeaker comes out in the dog 's mouth creating a real hazard . Terrible product . Bad form `` Kong '' !
 My dog really goes in for these , and I 've probably bought 20 packages over the past year because he pulls the squeaker out so easily . If I do n't pay attention , he just yanks it out , and does n't care much for the toy once it 's gone . I keep an eye on him and push the squeaker back in , which makes it squeak again , but only until he pulls it out again and we eventually lose it.I think this only applies to the small and extra small - maybe the larger sizes have a different kind of squeaker . The product listing for the extra small claims an `` internal squeaker '' but that 's completely bogus - the squeaker sticks out enough for the dog to pull it out . If you have a puppy , it will probably be swallowed by the puppy -LRB- mine dog throws it in the air in triumph -RRB- . I 'm tired off this cycle and I 'm going to look for an alternative .
 There are three of these squeaker balls in the pack . Not one lasted more than an hour with our dog . Too flimsy . Surprised as a similar product I had brought earlier -LRB- KONG Air Dog Squeaker Ball -RRB- lasted for a while .
 All 3 squeakers were dead within 1-5 minutes with an 8 y.o. mini doxie . Really dissappointed considering the brand . She IS good at destroying squeakers , but in most cases that requires either her ripping the rubber toy apart or much more time of just non-stop squeaking to finally wear it out . In this case , the balls looked new but no longer worked , or the squeaker had been either popped out -LRB- hopefully not swallowed !!! -RRB- or fallen into the ball . Will not buy again .
 I bought these balls for my Bostons and they LOVED them ! However , that was the first 30 minutes of playing with them then the squeaker was destroyed and in a day my aggressive huntress had the ball split in half beneath the fuzzy coating . They still carry them around some and will play with them on occasion but the squeak feature is what they love . Not durable enough for my mighty dog .
 Grrrr !!! Kong states this product is made in USA -LRB- I never buy anything that goes in my dog 's mouth made in China -RRB- . Well after I received this product , the package CLEARLY states MADE IN CHINA ! I blame Kong , as Amazon probably prints the description that Kong writes up . I 'm returning it . If you trust anything made in China as safe for your pet or child , then go ahead and order this . But , too many heavy metals are found in their products for me to chance it , as well as the main ingredient in Antifreeze . Try doing web searches on this subject if it concerns you too .
 Anything with a squeaker is our dog 's idea of a good time . After `` borrowing '' squeaky tennis balls from the dogs at the dog park , we decided to purchase a few for our 20 lb schnauzer mix , Smokey . We already have a few Kong products & are impressed with their durability so opted to buy this brand over others.The good news
 I bought a package of these squeaky balls for my 6 month old puppy because he loves squeaky toys . He took the squeaker out and was chewing it . If I had n't seen him chewing it , he would have swallowed it . I think they should be taken off the market . They are dangerous .
 Ordered a bunch of these from two different companies . AWORLDOFPUPS sent the wrong size and now I have to take time from my busy day to return them but only after AWORLDOFPUP gives me permission to fix their screw up . ABC Pet Plaza sent the correct size . Never again from AWORLDOFPUPS .
 My 7 lb . pom loves these balls . The balls hold up quite well but the squeaker does n't last more than just a few min . I wish I could find another brand where the squeaker would stay in the toy for more than 5-10 min . I just keep buying more balls as my extra-large breed dog loves these as well . He will chew on them like gum . Great entertainment for the dogs .
 Simply put , these do n't last like most other Kong items . 30 lb . beagle shreds them in less than 5 minutes .
 Our 12 week old puppy loves these . Loves them . The squeak seemed to last as long as the ball did , which does n't say much because our pup chewed the heck out of these , even with our supervision . They 're great to play fetch with , but the our pup chewed the fuzz off and bit right into these . Would n't purchase these again .
 These do n't last so expect to keep buying these little tennis balls.My dog is only 10 lbs - does n't tear things up but she has no trouble chewing these balls apart within a matter of a week + . the squeakers die within minutes.it 's a surprisingly poorly made product.BUTmy dog would say otherwise . she loves them . like loves loves - her favorite toy while it still is intact.so i 'm on my THIRD purchase because of her - i 'm going to try to find stronger tennis balls so i dont have to replace them so quickly .
 I 'm a long time Kong customer and have to say this product was very disappointing . Squeakers broke within minutes . Balls came apart within hours . Just terrible . Next time I 'm buying a solid rubber squeak ball , not the 2 half-spheres glued together like this crap .
 I had to write this review after 2 of them stopped squeaking within 1 minute each . It 's ridiculous how poorly made these are . My dogs love these , but they do n't last . I just opened a 3-pack and the first one broke within a minute . The squeaker got loose and rattled around inside . So I gave my dog another one . I could n't believe it , AGAIN , within 1 minute , the same thing happened .
 My dogs love smaller toys that they can easily throw and roll around , but within a couple minutes these toys had lost their squeeker or popped
 My dog loves her tennis balls so much that she will lay down with them in her mouth . This causes them to get very wet and soggy . I have found that the dye they use on the felt stains the carpet when it becomes wet and my dog leaves the ball on the floor . I suppose these would be good for outdoor play but for indoors I prefer to just buy regular tennis balls .
 I thought with the Kong name the balls would last , but they did n't . Waste of money , they did n't last 2 days .
 From China . Shih-tzu was so happy , then all three were dead within seconds . Do n't buy if yourdog loves the squeaking aspect .
 I wo n't lie ... my 30 pound mixed breed dog adores these squeaky balls . However , after he chomps down on them -LRB- because he wants to hear it squeak -RRB- about 5 times the squeaker breaks and another few chomps and the rubber seam separates . As another reviewer said , the small plastic squeaker can come loose and fall out the hole it is set in -LRB- the squeaker is just a small cylinder glued in to a small hole -RRB- . I 've pulled two plastic squeakers out of my dog 's mouth , which he got out while bringing the ball back to me after fetching . He can eat a normal tennis ball just as readily so all the balls are up on a shelf except during play time . At least with the regular balls there 's no plastic piece to come out for him to swallow . And like others have said , when I see the Kong name I expect it too last more than 5 minutes , especially when the dog is merely squeaking the toy as intended .
 I got two cans Gave my spaniel one in the kennel when I went to workHome wondering how she liked the squeakey ball GONE She ate itReal Junk trading on the Konga toy durability DO NOT BUY
 KONG Air KONG Air SqueakAIR Balls Dog Toy , Extra Small , Yellow , 3/packWhen tennis balls get wet and roll in sand the sand adheres to the surface of the ball and when the dog constantly chews on them it wears on the tooth enamel . Many reported dogs swallowing them and choking . Owners have to immediately work the ball up with their fingers from the outside to free the ball . Thats why alot of hard plastic balls have multiple holes so the tongue does not get vacuum sucked into the ball and also if its swallowed an owner can get a grip on the ball to help remove it from the throat . Feel free to search dogs choking on tennis balls . One owners hell is not my invitation to a party . Thanks to the owners that published these nightmares . My dogs are my family and I 'm there guardian . Food for thought
 The squeakers lasted all of about 5 minutes . Totally worthless . You might as well just buy regular tennis balls .
 My experience matches the others about not lasting . All three balls stopped squeeking after a few seconds of simple compressions by my Aussie . Basically , you end up with a tennis ball with a little slit in it so air can be squeezed out , making it easier for dogs to compress the ball . I can make that with an old ball and a knife for free !
 These would be great dog toys if they lasted . Some have been Dead On Arrival , and some died a little later . None lasted more than a few weeks.I would suggest buying them locally where they can be tested before purchase.With some durability , I would give five stars . My dog told me to say this .
 Bought thinking it was a quality dog toy like the other Kong products I have bought , but was I surprised . Squeeker stopped squeeking after about 5minutes of play with my 3 puppies -LRB- 8-9wks old -RRB- , and you could hear the squeeker rattling around inside the ballCall Kong about this , turns out THIS toy is not covered under their warranty , AND they offered to replace it for `` FREE '' as a one time only offer if I would return it to them . At a cost of $ 2.00 + to mail it back to them , the replacement SURE is n't going to be free , in fact it is going to cost me MORE to replace it from Kong than it would cost to just BUY a new oneBottom line , avoid this shoddy Chinese made product like the plagueJohn
 I learned recently that traditional tennis balls are too abrasive for dogs ' teeth . Hence this purchase . While Kong has addressed the abrasion issue , these `` tennis balls '' are otherwise very poorly designed and constructed.First , the felt covering is not secured well to the underlying rubber ball . My dog partially ripped the felt off all three balls in this set within the first play session.Second , the rubber ball underneath is not a solid , one piece ball , but composed of two pieces glued together in the middle . As you can imagine , with a little chewing , the seal splits and you 're left with the two pieces . In other words , the traditional white-colored tennis ball seam you see wrapping around the felt is surface layer only and simply decorative.The ease with which these balls have the felt detached and split into two smaller pieces make this an extremely dangerous choking hazard . Please see my photos above before buying this dangerous toy.All owners need to monitor toys for damage and discard them when appropriate , because no toy will last forever . But the fact that these balls can be destroyed literally upon first use makes them a complete waste of money , in addition to the choking danger .
 I 've bought four of these packs -LRB- 12 balls -RRB- . The squeaker dies within minutes ! If it was n't for the squeaker , I 'd just use my old tennis balls . The squeaker quality on these things are terrible . For the price , these things are a rip off .
 May be fine for a small dog but only last one or two bites from a Husky . When the squeak is done so is the dog . My back yard is littered with No More Squeak Tennis Balls . Sorry . Can not recommend .
 I am furious this is advertized as made in the USA but when they came I noticed a sickening smell so I read the back of the label . The company address is in Colorado , it says designed and tested in the USA but it is made in China . Every dog I 've had has died of cancer and we know multiple products have had dangerous ingrediants or materials coming from China . These have caused death and illness . Do not buy these . Cadimium in childrens jewelry , melamine in pet food , lead in paint & childrens toys and books , some unknown chemical in Heparin -LRB- blood thinner -RRB- it almost killed my daughter . I will not buy anything or use anything coming from China . Return manufacturing to America , they own us and are killing us with poisons .
 Avoid purchasing these Air Dog Squeaker tennis balls . I 've tried all of their products and have had the same results each time ... products stop squeaking after a few minutes . I gave this company too many chances thinking that maybe I had purchased defective items , but not after buying 6 balls.I have a dog that has a number of squeaking toys that he still loves , but they 're stuffed animals and he 's a tennis ball lover . Anyone have some ideas for a durable tennis ball squeaking product , let us all know .
 These always last only one session at the park before it stops squeaking . I 've bought a three pack and each one stop working the first day of use .
 My 6.5 months old german shepherd loves this ball , however it wo n't last him 10 minutes before it breaks down , I had high hope it will last like chuckit -LRB- i have 2 that he still plays since 8 weeks -RRB- , but it fails within 10 minutes of playing time .
 Kong is known for making some nearly indestructible toys for dogs , so this seemed like a good purchase.In fact , the look , feel , weight and sound of the ball all seem quite high quality.But my small border collie quickly has the green felt all over , the squeaker removes , and the ball in pieces.What 's needed is a much more durable ball , and Kong seemed like the one to do it . But they have n't done it here .
 I bought these off Amazon because the description says Made in the USA . I received them today and unfortunately , the description is wrong . The tag says Designed and Tested in USA , Made in China . I will be returning them .
 When these arrived , one squeaker was non-functional and another died after 1 minute of play . But we 're done playing with them because ultimately these are too small for my 17 pound mini schnauzer . She can get them all the way in her mouth which makes me worry that they 're a choking hazard . They 'd be fine for toy breeds , so I guess I the extra-small label means only for extra small dogs . I 'd recommend the Kong tennis ball stick instead -LSB- ... -RSB- that one is still squeaking and no concern for choking .
 I bought these for my dog , who will only fetch if she thinks she 's collecting what might have been alive at one point . For a good 20 minutes , my whippet was a lab!And then the squeaker fell out.My dog is not a heavy chewer , mind you , she just likes the sound of the squeaking . -LRB- She 's never even put a dent in a Kong stuffable . -RRB- She 'd mouth the ball while running back to me to get it to squeak , and then I 'd throw it again . I did n't let her sit and chew it , she was only allowed to run it back to me . The white squeaky tube mechanism fell out repeatedly , until the ball just stopped squeaking -LRB- with the squeaker still in -RRB- . I contacted Kong -LRB- great customer service -RRB- , who informed me that the ball is not a chew toy . Okay , I get that dogs should n't chew on this thing for extended period of time , but the very fact that the ball squeaks informs me that you do anticipate some chewing/mouthing . The first ball I tried lasted about 3 hours before it died completely ; the second one has n't died completely , but it 's on its way after only an hour.I 'd love to see a more durable ball that would stand up to mouthing better than this . I 'm thinking of gluing the squeaker into the ball , but I feel like this is something Kong should have addressed in their design . Nice attempt , Kong , but time to redesign .
 My small Pom mutt is my baby boy , and he loves these tiny squeak tennis balls . I like to whip him into a frenzy with the squeaker and then send him chasing after it down the hall . Problem is he may love it too much , and the tennis ball-like coating is not built to last even a small dog 's gnawings . Abe , who may be 8 pounds soaking wet , chews off the exterior fiber of the ball gradually , and will occasionally ingest it if unsupervised . Have n't had any serious problems as a result , but obviously it 's not good for him , and I imagine it does cause some degree of gastrointestinal discomfort on its way through and , ahem , out of , the system .
 These balls have a horrible chemical smell . I tried washing them , and then soaking them and they still stink . They are going in the trash .
 Our 10 lb mild mannered shi-poo quickly destroys these balls by chewing the squeeker mechanism out -LRB- which is a choking hazard -RRB- , then pulling off all the fleece -LRB- also choking hazard -RRB- and lastly taking the ball completely apart . We tried the next 2 larger size Kong SqueakAir balls thinking they might be tougher but we had the same problems . We are still looking for a durable ball that is small enough for a little dog to carry comfortably in their mouth .
 These squeak balls were the perfect size and shape for my squeak toy loving Pekingese . I was so excited to give them these balls , but needless to say , they lasted for about 10 minutes until my boys punctured them and killed the squeak and then did n't want to play with them anymore . If they can make a more durable ball like this that my dogs can keep for more than a day , I would be happy to try it again . I am rating this a 2 and not a 1 because for the 10 minutes that they had the balls and they were squeaking , my boys were in heaven .
 If your dog is a chewer , especially of squeaker toys I would not recommend this toy . While these are a good size for small dogs to play fetch , it took my dog only two days of off and on play to puncture the squeaker in the first ball and only a day on the second ball . He also chewed some of the cover off the toy .
 i thought this toy would be perfect for my lil maltese/poodle since he loves squeaker balls , but he pulled off the fuzz w/in 5 minutes and the toy had to be thrown away . very disappointing .
 I loved these little tennis balls at first and so did my little Chihuahua mix dog.However , I had to pull some fuzz out of her mouth ... I ended up throwing the tennis balls away.PLEASE do n't let your LITTLE dog get this fuzz down her throat ... can you imagine the Vet bill when shechokes , coughs on this !!!
 These new tennis ball speakers are pathetic . My dog gave them a light chew for 10 minutes , and they no longer squeak . What a waste of money for a wheezy , less-durable tennis ball , with a little bit of plastic rattling around inside it .
 These balls are more like rocks , and extremely hard for an adult to squeeze enough to get it to squeak . My 5 pound papillon can not make it squeak . These balls were not played with at all . They are sturdy ... TOO sturdy !
 The shipping cost as much as the balls . So a canister of tennis balls , granted they squeak , cost almost $ 10 . EEk , I wo n't do that again .
 Fuzz peeled off in minutes and squeaker does n't work . Not worth the money . My dog is a 7 pound poodle . He destroyed it I media tell .
 If you have a dog that is more interested in chewing than chasing this product will not be suitable . My 20lb dog can rip the covering off one of these in less than 10 minutes . If your dog is more interested in chasing then this will work for you .
 The squeek was sharp and seemed to bother the dogs . No amount of coaxing could get them to play with them . They did not work for us .
 I was really happy to find some small tennis balls for my puppy - ones that could actually fit in her mouth . Initially , I was quite pleased with these Kong tennis balls due to their small size and the squeakers that are inside each ball , perfect for capturing a puppy 's attention.I had high hopes for these tennis balls , since I love the Kong stuffable chew toys . However , in 2 out of the 3 balls , the squeakers totally died within a week of use . Kaput . End of story . So instead of squeaking , you heard a rattling noise . Which I guess is n't a big deal , but squeaker toys are really fun for my dog . But what really made me dislike this product was the durability , or lack thereof . Maybe I got a defective product , but with each tennis ball , the yellow fuzz started to come off . I would find tufts of yellow fuzz in her mouth , which I would have to pull out each time . It does n't seem like a good thing for a puppy to ingest.So if you buy these , make sure to carefully watch your dog to make sure s/he does n't eat the fuzz !
 I 'm really surprised to see that these balls are holding up for a German Shepard because my 8 month old Poodle pup has absolutely destroyed all three balls within a week or so . He has bully sticks on which to do his serious chewing , but once or twice when I 've been too busy to go out and throw the things for half an hour -LRB- or more -RRB- , Pip 's lay down at my feet and it 's a squeaking frenzy.Sadly the squeaking stops after a few days . Not sure exactly what happens but the balls cease to make noise . It diminishes some of his pleasure , but to be honest the silence is not all bad.What I do n't like is that the yellow skin is apparently easy to tear off the ball . I do n't know if maybe poodles do n't have sharper teeth than other dogs , but it 's a concern when I do n't know whether he or our other pup , a JRT mix might have swallowed parts of it ... NOT a product to be left with unsupervised dogs . In my opinion they are just too flimsy to risk coming home to ingestion or choking . And certainly I wo n't be purchasing any more chew-toys of this sort from Kong.Very disappointed . Particularly as I was a knucklehead and purchased a variety of sizes and colors before determining the quality.Pam T ~ -LRB- If you know a good manufacturer , feel free to leave me a note in the comment section . I 'm still finding my way around Planet Dog -RRB-
 Somewhere I got it in my head that KONG was the manufacturer of good dog products . Boy was I mistaken or mislead . And unfortunately I wasted a bunch of money on squeaky balls . The first thing to go was the squeaker . Well okay , I thought , that 's only part of the fun , so I was n't upset . But then my poodle chewed the cover off the ball and ripped it apart in no time flat.What the heck?This is supposed to be a CHEW-toy . If an 8 month old poodle pup ca n't chew it for longer than a week , then its a pretty junky product . -LRB- He mostly chases balls and does his chewing on Bully Sticks . -RRB- Now to the dangerous part . It was so easy for my pup , who is a large miniature , to destroy the ball that I ca n't recommend them at-all . In fact , we are now waiting to see what happens and if a visit to the vet is in our future , because bits and pieces are missing and we 're hoping that Pippin did n't swallow them.Not worth the money or the worry.Pam T ~
 I try to make sure that anything going into my dog 's mouth is not made in China . Shame on the people who wrote the product description here on Amazon which states that this product is made in the USA . When I received the product , I found the tag on the balls states clearly that these toys are designed and tested in the USA but made in China . I do not appreciate the blatant false advertising .
 My dog had the little plastic squeeker out in five minites , and got chocked on it . It is not worth 10 cents .
 these balls loose there squeakee in the first five minutes with my yorkie they have not found a way like -LRB- spurrs on the whistle to keep them in the ball -RRB- . could be dangerous to small dogs oct 5 2012
 We have a small 30lb lab mix . She did in all three balls in about an hour . They did not hold up at all . The little squeakers popped out and that was the end of it . In addition the squeakers are a choking hazard . I would stay away from these .
 I have been looking and looking for a strong squeeky toy for my Jack Russell and this is not it . He loved them even though he de-squeeked the first one in a few hrs . The second and third took only moments . He still likes to chase the ball for a few minutes before he 's bored .
 i got this for our `` sitting room '' so the -LRB- 3 -RRB- cats and -LRB- 1 -RRB- dog wouldnt get hair all over the sofa . I got this out of the box and touched it it hurt the heck . There was no way i would let an animal jump on this . This is abuse . I returned mine and will never try again . Its very sharp and hurts just to place your hand on ... think about an animal jumping and landing on this with all their body weight . . PLEASE DO NOT BUY . . ITS NOT WORTH IT !!!!
 I bought it so my cat would not pick under my bedroom door at 3 a.m. to tell me she 's hungry and wants breakfast NOW . Instead of picking under my door , she picked around the mat , which was just as annoying . If I leave my bedroom door open a crack with the mat in front , she just jumps over it and into the room . I think two mats placed side by side across my doorway would work best , but for now I think I 'll go back to piling blankets and pillows in front of the door so I do n't hear her picking and scratching . I 'm sure it will work fine for chairs and counters , but my cat does n't have that problem . Oh well , live and learn .
 We loved our cat napper , well , our cats loved it ! They sat in it every day for about 8 months . Sometimes they 'd sit together , but mostly apart -LRB- one is 8 pounds , one 10 -RRB- . Unfortunately the frame broke . Both plastic sides snapped and broke , rendering it useless and dangerous since it broke when one got on it . I do NOT recommend something that will break in 8 months !! *** UPDATE - I did email Fleximat directly and they are sending me a new frame free of charge . I just hope these last longer , but was very pleased at their willingness to rectify the situation ! ***
 I 've had this product for over a year now , and it worked great when my cats were kittens . As they grew , though , and maxed out at about 11 pounds each , the fabric would n't stay in place ; the little nubbies that are supposed to catch the fabric do n't -LRB- and in some cases , the fabric has ripped -RRB- and cause the area the cat sits in to suddenly lower and a gap occurs between the window ledge portion of the frame and the material . The first time it happened , my cat 's backside slid right into that gap and she got hung up there . The second time , a few moments ago , the cat managed to jump away , but that 's it , it 's getting taken down . I 'm afraid they 're going to get hung . I can see no way of securing that fabric so that it does n't do this ; it ca n't be tucked under the frame because it then blocks the velcro securing it to the window sill .
 I read a great review of the product in The Whole Dog Journal but when I received the product it did n't look anything like the quality one shown in the magazine . What I received actually looked like the kind of rolls shown that you would not buy . -LRB- One that has a nice outer layer but is scrunchd in the center -RRB- A good quality U.S. raised cattle roll is made from a single sheet of fresh , thick , natural rawhide which is what I thought I was getting . I do commend the seller for the quick service !
 Since it 's really soft and wonderful to the touch , I initially thought it was a baby 's toy and not a puppy 's toy and was n't sure if it was going to last my 4 month old yorkie . Sure enough within the hour she had managed to pulled out some of the soft fibers of the toy and had exposed the mesh lining beneath . May be better for children and not puppies ...
 SADLY , I FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY THAT THESE MOO BULLY STICKS ARE NOT 100 % DIGESTIBLE ! MY DOG ALMOST DIED AFTER A PIECE DID NOT DISSOLVE IN HER STOMACH . My 3 dogs loved these Moo Bully sticks . I had been giving them to my dogs for over a year with no incident . I was giving these because from all I had researched on this product they claimed to be 100 % SAFE AND 100 % DIGESTIBLE . I would always take small pieces away from the dogs that I felt could possibly cause a chocking problem . I always had plenty of water close by . One day I noticed my dog , Lily , was having very loose stools and that were jelly like in consistency . This same day she stopped eating and began vomiting . I immediately rushed her to my veterinarian . Upon his physical exam he noted that her abdomen was hard and distended . He wanted me to leave her with him so he could do a x-ray . He did and found that she had a blockage in her stomach ! He then started a series of Barium x-rays to watch the blockage to see if it was going to pass . Over a 4 hour period of watching and repeating these barium x-rays it not only showed that the blockage was not passing , but the `` item '' causing the blockage was swelling in size , absorbing the stomach fluids . I was told he had to do emergency surgery to get this blockage out of her ASAP . What he found in her stomach was most definitely a piece of the Moo Bully stick ! It had not digested as claimed by the manufacture if swallowed . My veterinarian told me if he had not brought Lily in as promptly as I did , to remove this blockage , she most definitely would have died ! He told me that this was not 100 % digestible as the manufacture had claimed it to be . If it had been , it would have dissolved in her stomach ! lily had major abdominal exploratory surgery that lasted over 3hours , to remove this piece the piece of Moo Bully stick ! She was hospitalized afterwards for 4 nights and 5 days . She almost did not make . Lily refused eat for 5 days . She therefore lost a lot of weight , became very frail and lethargic . Thank god , my veterinarian was fabulous . He was so concerned for Lily , that he actually stayed by her side at night , every night making sure he did everything he could to pull her through this . Once home she was weak and could barely walk . I tried to get her to eat and she refused . I was offering her cooked chicken liver and even this did not even entice her to eat . Finally , the next day , she did begin to nibble on some food . It was a very slow healing process and took Lily over a month until she was herself again . The thought of losing Lily tore me apart . Watching the pain and suffering she went through can not be put into words . I felt so helpless . It was nothing but a pure hell that she and I went through for weeks on end . I was also feeling so guilty because I gave her the MOO Bully stick . You see , I only feed my dogs the very best , high quality organic dog foods . I never ever would give my dogs anything that was not the best and the safest . I never gave my dogs raw hide chewies or greenies -LRB- Any dog owner that cares about the welfare of their a dog knows how dangerous and deadly these products are -RRB- I started giving my dogs the Moo bully sticks because everything I had read and researched lead me to believe not only were they safe , 100 % DIGESTIBLE , but that they came from Brazil cattle that only grazed on non-chemically treated grass , were not feed any hormones and drank from fresh natural spring water . There was nothing harmful in this product . So I stared giving my dogs these MOO bully sticks . I am a very dedicated , caring , responsible animal lover and owner . I wrote letters to the companies I purchased the Moo Bully sticks form as well as the manufacturer . Only one retailer responded to my letter by referring me to the manufacturer . The manufacturer of these Moo Bully Sticks , '' Free Range Dog Products '' totally ignored both of my certified letters . So many owners have no clue that their dogs may have become sick or died due to a piece of a Bully stick that did not digest . What if their vet missed the symptoms ? What if they never took their dog to a vet after becoming ill and the dog died ? What if they never discovered what killed their dog ? Not everyone can afford to pay for surgery on their dogs , x-rays , lab work , medicines , and a hospital stay . My vet bill was almost $ 5,000.00 my vet even discounted most of what he did , as well not charge me for everything . In fact , he felt so bad , that he did not charge me for staying by her side for all through the night , on those 4 nights . What if a dog died or got very ill when ingesting a piece of these Bully sticks and never came forth to inform the public ? Maybe mine is the very first case ? But all it should take is one , to satisfy anyone not to ever buy this product and give it their beloved dogs . PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE , DO NOT EVER GIVE YOUR DOGS ANY TYPE OF A BULLY STICK PRODUCT ! PASS THIS INFO ALONG TO ANYONE THAT YOU KNOW HAS A DOG . YOU MIGHT JUST SAVE A DOGS LIFE .
 i must have gotten a totally different collar than the other reviews because this is a very low quality collar , its missing some studs , and the leather is very dried out and cracking . I 'm nervous to even put it on my medium pit bull because one small pull , and this collar will go to pieces .
 This collar is not up to Amazon quality . It is brown , not red , and made of very cheap stiff leather . Boo . Does n't look like the picture at all .
 I bought this so my dog 's kennel would be more comfy . Unfortunately my dog is a scratcher and she had the middle of this bed torn up in a day .
 It looked thick in the picture , but the bottom of this has no padding at all , my greyhound wo n't even lay on it . waste of money .
 I have seen grey crate pads and this one is more greenish than grey . Also it is thin . I would normally return it but I need it . Hope it holds up .
 I have a shaggy dog , with very dense fur . I have been using this comb for about a month and a half , and now the teeth are starting to fall out .
 I 've not had the pleasure of using this comb . I believe they are favorably reviewed . I ordered one and it was too large . I sent it back and ordered another on January 19th . I 've still not received it nor any word as to why . I tried to cancel the order but I ca n't cancel it 'cause I do n't have it and I do n't have it so I ca n't cancel it . Funny thing - I 'm now thinking that the larger one may have been the better choice after all . Who knows ? .
 based on the reviews , i was expecting longer teeth . Even if you include the base of the comb , the length of the teeth in the description is exaggerated . The teeth on the comb are just like any other comb i 've purchased . I 'd rather have a comb with an ergomomic handle to grasp if i 'm not going to get longer teeth . Sorry i 'm returning it .
 Ok maybe I should have been more attentive to the details but this comb is really small . The picture IMHO is deceiving.In addition , the comb is not large enough to handle in an ergonomic way it is barely the size of my hand . Now if the comb had a handle that would be a better design.IMHO this would be a great comb for a child that is old enough or mature enough to comb the dog .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I purchased this product to replace a comb that I have had for many years and recently lost . I wanted a fine/medium comb that was about 8 '' long with one end -LRB- about 4 '' -RRB- being finely spaced teeth and the other end -LRB- about 4 '' -RRB- being medium spaced teeth . The description of this item lead me to believe that is what I was ordering.I was extremely disappointed when this product arrived . It was described as a comb that is 8 '' long . It is really only about 4 '' long total . I wanted the comb to use on my cats entire body . I am not sure what one would use this comb for , but it certainly will not work on a cats body . I have never even opened the comb and tried it . I would have returned it , however there was no information included with the comb as to what a person could do , if they did want to return it . So the bottom line is I wasted $ 10 on something that is of no use to me , because I believed the description by the seller .
 My cats wo n't eat these on a regular basis . Sometimes they gobble them up and other times they wo n't eat them at all . I would suggesting giving them before their main meal so they are hungry . I ca n't comment on the efficacy because they have n't used them on a regular basis .
 This might be a great product ... However , no one will ever know because no cat would ever eat these . They are huge brick tablets that smell like nothing . Cats are repulsed by them . Do not buy these . Waste of money .
 I 've had issues trying to feed my cats the nasty sticky hairball lube , they never liked it and would always run from me if I tried to smear it on their paw . These tablets are large , I was shocked at first when I opened the bottle how big they are . They are about the size of a quarter , and about as thick as an almond . I worried the cats would never eat them because they are so big , BUT , these tablets are filled with something -LRB- kitty crack -RRB- that when cats smell it they will go crazy . I 've bought three bottles and the tablets can range in size , sometimes they are large and relatively flat , sometimes they are smaller in diameter and thicker -LRB- imagine a rolo candy -RRB- . I do n't understand why they are inconsistent in size , but the large flat ones are easier for my cats to eat.EDIT 06/22/12After feeding my cats the Vets Best Hairball aid I am sad to state that they are a complete failure . I fed my three cats the recommended dosage of 2 pills a day and one of my cats would hack up a hair ball almost daily . I really wanted these to work since my cats love them , but they have been proven so far to be just overpriced cat treats .
 The product is a medium sized round `` pill '' -LSB- think dime size but thick -RSB- you are told to break up by hand and sprinkle chunks on the cat 's food . Problem
 I have been using these for about 6 months now and they had been working fine for my cat who wont eat anything but his cat food usually . However , the last two bottles we 've purchased are no longer working and they feel much harder to break than previous pills purchased , even the cat has stopped eating them from noticing the difference .
 I bought this product after reading the reviews . It sounded like other people with very picky cats had great success with this . The only real gripes from other people was the size and shape making it difficult to break up . I did n't have much of an issue with that . I just put one in a ziploc bag and tapped it with the back of a spoon and got pieces small enough for my cat to swallow . I left some of them on the counter and stepped back to watch the magic . She sniffed it and RAN . Then I tried crushing it into a powder and added a small amount to her food . -LRB- about 1/10 of a pill -RRB- Would not touch her food . I left it there for hours before finally admitting defeat . I 'm giving this stuff to a guy at work who has a cat with similar issues . I ca n't wait to see what his cat thinks about it .
 Hard to give to cats . Need mortar and pestle to crush tabs and put in cat food . Not easy to break by hand and just give to cats . Rejected by cats .
 Our cat has been having some digestive issues - mostly vomiting after meals . I really hoped this would work and alleviate the symptoms but instead , it gives her diarrhea . To make sure this was the cause , I stopped giving her this digestive aid and wait for her diarrhea to go away and then restarted it at half the recommended dosage . Quickly after , she again started to have diarrhea .
 Until my most recent purchase of this item , I would have given it at least four stars as the pills were easy to break up and my cats liked them -- and they definitely helped the hairball situation . However , the most recent batch I received is very different from the others . The pills are much thicker , making them impossible to break by hand . And even when I use a knife to break them up , my cats seem nowhere near as interested in eating them . So there is some major inconsistency here with different lots . I have written the company and am awaiting a response , as my most recent purchase of two bottles was essentially a waste of money . I noticed at least one other reviewer has experienced a similar problem . July 2011 update
 Our cats used to love this , but they wo n't touch the latest bottle . They must have changed the formula or something . The old version used to work well at preventing hairballs , I 'm not sure what the new version does , since the cats wo n't eat it . Searching again for a natural hairball remedy that appeals to cats and does the job .
 I just received the Safari Cat Flea Comb and was disappointed . The metal shaft of the comb was n't aligned with the wooden handle , and the cup-shaped metal at the interface of the handle and the metal comb shaft was loose . The teeth do n't line up well , and the comb just does n't exactly shout `` quality . '' This comb reminds me of the junk that came out of Japan after WWII ; it is made in China . I will be returning this product to Amazon.I also purchased a similar comb -LRB- the Four Paws Pet Comb for Fleas , Item # 00117 -RRB- . It is a far better comb with a more comfortable handle . Nicely finished with a well-finished anodized black metal construction , and the handle is more comfortable than that of the Safari comb . The teeth are perfectly straight and perfectly spaced . We use these types of combs to easily remove `` thatch '' from our indoor cats ' coats , not to remove fleas since they have no fleas . The Four Paws ' comb shows care in its construction , and the price is right .
 I used to purchase this product and it was great , my cats liked it so much , until the new improved formula was realised ... The new has different not only shape but also some ingredients or ratio of ingredients , cause my cat stopped to eat it at all . Improvements are not always improvements . I am sorry for this , cause it was great , I used to rely on the product , but now it is not usable . : -LRB-
 I had ordered , what I thought , was the same product as before . Previously , the tablets were larger and could be broken into smaller pieces or my cat could chew them without breaking them up . The tablets I have now are so hard , I have tried soaking them with a small mount off water , but still having a difficult time breaking them up or getting my cat to eat them . I will be looking for another manufactuer when I next order this product .
 All four of my cats wo n't touch the tablets . I have to grind them up -LRB- difficult to do -RRB- and mush it into their food to get them to eat it . They 'll only accept so much of it in their food as well , it looks like they 're only getting about 3/4 of a tablets ' worth a day - below the recommended dosage unfortunately . Would be nice if they sold this in either a powder or liquid form !
 Hard to give to cats . Need mortar and pestle to crush tabs and put in cat food . Not easy to break by hand and just give to cats . rejected by cats .
 The tablets are huge and very hard to use.Cat wanted nothing to do with them.I tried to grind them up but what a disaster that was .
 almost useless . We have a black lab who sheds constantly . This comb does not remove any loose hair . I do not recommend it .
 After several weeks , I do n't see any improvement in my dog 's itching . Wo n't buy again .
 I love this brand of supplements but my shipment was supposed to be at my house by the 22nd of january here it is the 30th And I still have yet to see them . I sent an email and all the company sai back was its on its way!Not happy
 I 've got a Chesapeake Bay Retriever who is on 50mg of allergy medicine 4 times a day . I was looking into this as an alternate to the benadryl . It did n't work at all ; I would n't waste my time with this .
 My cat does not like this product as it pulls knots out and apparently hurts the cat . Would not recommend this product it cat has long hair subject to tangling .
 Both of my cats are domestic short hairs , and this comb seems to be designed for much longer hair breads , which is not what it says in the description . I am rarely able to collect any of their loose hair with this .
 My puppy is an eating machine , but she does n't seem to even recognize these treats as food . They 're dry little crackers , so perhaps it 's the consistency - who knows . I 've tried putting them between her food , wetting them down , pretending to eat it myself before giving it to her , etc. . Nope . She just stares at them and walks away . I 'll try again in a bit - she 's still growing so who knows - but so far these were a complete flop .
 These would be fine training treats for dogs that are n't allergic to wheat except that they contain garlic powder . I wo n't risk feeding my dog a treat that could cause anemia . Most sources agree that there is a risk that dogs will develop hemolytic anemia after consuming onion or garlic . Given that , I am surprised that any dog treat manufacturer chooses to add garlic to their treats . I think the product description for Charlee Bear treats should be amended to reflect that they contain garlic . We wo n't make the mistake of buying these treats again .
 These treats are too small , even for training trates.I can find other training treats that are so small.The size of a lifesaver .
 These are about the size of a small rounded lima bean . They have a shocking 3 calories each , twice as many as a lima bean which has about 1 1/2 calories . No , I am not suggesting that you feed your dog lima beans - just making a comparison based on size . I have a Dobie so it would be insulting to offer him just one of these tiny treats . However , because each of these tiny treats has 3 calories I ca n't give him very many or he would gain too much weight . If you have a teeny tiny dog that would be satisfied with just one of these teeny tiny treats then go for them . If you have a big dog as I do then you can find a much better treat without all the comparable calories .
 I went with the reviews on this one , and unfortunately was disappointed . I have a 9 pound corgi puppy , and he seemed to be ok with the flavor of these . Unfortunately , they were n't good for training , because whenever he would ingest more than a few , it would make him vomit . It seems like the flour in this product was upsetting his stomach . Replaced them with the 100 percent liver treats and have n't had any issues since .
 My dogs do n't like charlie bear treats anymore . Recently since early 2011 the color and smell of these little treats as well as the texture -LRB- they are harder -RRB- seems changed . Maybe this is why my dogs turn up their noses at them now . Has anyone else experienced this ? I wonder sometimes if the liver has been left out ? if the product has changed and dogs do n't like it anymore I guess we wo n't buy it anymore , If the company thought success meant they could change the formula . My dogs nose knows ! Marika
 My dog would n't even smell these . He ran away when I opened the bag ! Needless to say , I ended up giving these to a neighbor , whose dog would n't touch them either . I am not sure how these even made it to shelves .
 I liked the amount that came in the bag and they are non-messy treats -LRB- they do n't stink or make your hands oily -RRB- to give your dogs , but both my chihuahua and boxer do n't care much for them . Whenever I give them one of these treats they spit it out . I give them another and they do the same thing . . finally after about the third or fourth they will start eating them . They do this same thing every time I try and give them the treats .
 My dog is n't overly fond of crunchy treats I found , but he especially dislikes these . He 'll eat maybe one or two but he literally spit it back out at me . Lol . Personally , I would go for chewier treats , they have like half calorie training treats that work very well .
 I will never purchase this pet door again . In fact , I am online tonight , looking for another brand of electromagnetic pet door . My cat has broken three of this BRAND ; she 's been able to pry open the lower part that houses the battery . In doing so , she 's broken the wiring . Also , the 4-way locking knob sticks out . She 's been able to paw at it , dislodging it . I notice the Staywell brand knob is more sunken and the battery compartment is not separate .
 It would be more favorable if the small 6 gm vial was shown , rather than what appears to be a large 2.75 oz bottle .
 I 've had the same Staywell cat door for 25 years , and it works satisfactorily.However , the magnetic keys are becoming a problem . They eventually wear out and now the company has stopped selling the pack of two keys -LRB- oddly they still seem to be available in the UK and Australia -RRB- . Now they sell one key and a collar that I do n't need for about what two keys used to cost.Having multiple cats , I need to consider whether the prospective future cost of keys justifies replacing the door with a different brand .
 You have to have this product if you have the door . Unfortunately , the casing for the magnet breaks about every 3-6 months . I have 2 cats and had the door for 3 years . We 've gone through about 10 collars . It 's pretty annoying , but I guess this is how the manufacturer keeps us buying their product . We have no choice.I love the door , great concept . Just annoyed that I have to keep buying collars.Amazon has the best price I 've seen . Do n't go directly to the manufacturer . They 're pricey .
 I like the idea , but the magnet on this is kinda strong . My cat had to shove his head right up to the plastic and downward to get through the door . Did n't seem to want to do it . Believe me , I tried . Ended up getting the Staywell infrared version , works much better . The tags on that unlock the door from a little farther away .
 The description talks about both cat flap and magnetic collar key . Unfortunately , what is shipped is only the collar key ; the cat flap is n't included . Kind of useless - having the key without the door - hence the one star rating . Hopefully Amazon will rewrite the description and get a new picture to better represent the shipped product .
 My son got a couple of zebra finches for his birthday , and we bought this and several other toys a few weeks ago to keep them entertained . This afternoon , however , we got home from an afternoon shopping trip and found one of the birds with its head stuck through a string from one of the rings and the string wrapped tightly around its neck , apparently dead . Fortunately , a zebra finch is light enough that it can apparently dangle in midair for hours while hanging by a string around its neck . After very very carefully removing this toy from the top of the cage , I was able to cut through the string from the other side of the ring and free it , though only after lots and lots of flapping around from the terrified bird . It 's a miracle that its neck was n't broken , given how much it was twisted while the poor thing struggled to get out.Needless to say , we threw this into the trash as soon as we got it off our bird 's neck . If you happen to have one then I would strongly recommend that you do the same .
 Although this seems like a great product it is definitely not minced . The cans say it is minced but it is n't , it is ground beef . My cat ONLY likes minced . Not chunks , not ground . Although she will eat ground cat food sometimes , it has to be inviting and delicious , yet she just walks away from this.I hate it when the packaging lies about the contents of a product . The shipping was speedy and the value is great -LRB- as long as they deliver what the promise -RRB- now I am stuck with food my cat wont eat at all .
 I had to return this item , because it was represented on the website incorrectly . I was looking for the original beef recipe , not the new one , and was delighted when I found it on Amazon -LRB- both versions were shown as available -RRB- . My cat has a health problem that requires this specific food . I compared the ingredients , the label , and all the details for a match before I placed the order . I was very careful . When I received the cat food , it was the new recipe -LRB- not what I wanted -RRB- . Apparently , the old recipe is not available at all anymore , so the item should be removed from the website .
 This comes in a case of 24 so I bought one can locally before ordering the large amount . Good move ! I have 3 cats and none of them would eat it . This review is for the mature gourmet beef entree . Have n't tried the other favors yet .
 I actually did not think the item was that small and neglected to see that it really was for a ferret . I sent the item back to the shipper and am awaiting credit to my account . It cost me $ 10 to send back these items so I am without product AND without money :-LRB- . Not too happy right now but hope that either Amazon or the supply company will make this all right for me as I am a faithful Amazon buyer .
 My Step-Daughter saw this in the store and HAD to have it . I thought it looked pretty cute as well so I caved ... what a mistake ! This is the worst designed product ! It has no support , so when you carry it -LRB- kangaroo style -RRB- the thing folds in on itself and creates a very uncomfortable ride for the ferret ! Not to mention , if a ferret is unhappy with it 's environment , it will throw a VERY big ferret fit . After scratching and pawing at the front pack for 5 minutes , my ferret figured out that she could easily unzip the pouch and hop out . I suggest NOT buying this product .
 I bought these to help me potty train my ferret.On the plus side - he likes them and they smell goodDownsides - Ferrets can not digest anything other than meat protein and these treats have corn/corn syrup/glycerin and wheat . None of these things are good for ferrets and can actually lead to disease later in life . I 've switched to Ferretone and cooked chicken as a treat .
 My ferrets enjoyed these and ate them greedily . So much so that they all got explosive diarrhea . At first , I attributed this to my allowing them to eat four or five treats at the same time , so I started feeding them the treats one at a time . This helped some but still caused loose stools . Since I had five ferrets at the time -LRB- one has since passed away -RRB- , and they all demonstrated the same effect , I doubt it is specific to individuals .
 But these are soft and in a very small bag . I though i was buying a harder treat to chew on and that wasnt swallowed instantly . Its probably not a `` bad '' product but not what I thought I was buying .
 Better to spend the $ 5 on a cardboard tube for your pet to crawl through , ferrets will get a lot more enjoyment out of that . My Ferret 's wo n't touch these treats ! The `` Bandits '' smell bad and my fuzzy critters turn up their little furry noses at them . However , they will do almost anything for one single Cheerio ... and a box of Cheerios lasts forever ! Better to save your money for something they will really enjoy .
 Purchased for my 70 pound lab mix . The metal grommet hole reinforcers wear out very quickly -LRB- I use this for putting Jack out on a tie-out in the backyard , and a choker for walking -RRB- . I shifted to three different holes because the metal reinforcers fall out . Today Jack actually got loose completely while he was outback drying off from a bath . The hole tore down the collar about two inches , allowing him to slip out . A neighbor brought him back to us , but naturally the concern remains . I recommend a leather collar for stronger dogs , this one does n't cut it for medium-large dogs .
 I did n't know this was a simple human brand until I saw it on Amazon , I purchased this at Petsmart . Being a simple human brand , I would expect them to have a better bottle.Works fine as a cleaning solution , but the bottle sucks .1 - The `` straw '' is n't long enough so you have a lot of left over solution when you near the end .2 - Also because the straw is n't long enough , you ca n't actually spray downward onto the floor , where you actually Need to spray . You can only get a good spray when held horizontally and from a distance . so make sure you know how to aim , and calculate the curve correctly .3 - Also it leaks , a lot , if you accidentally tipped it over and its on its side.Since this item is for pet accidents , you would think they would design the bottle so you can actually spray the floor on the actual spot .
 I have used this a few times over the past month or so and the odor is still on my carpet and the stain as well . Never again going to spend money on this product again ... I found a better product that I can get 64 ounces for a little less than the price of this and it really does get the smell and stain -LRB- Kids n Pets -RRB- .
 We have an 8-month Terrier mix who left her pee mark on the carpet . I cleaned it twice with Resolve carpet cleaner , but the odor remains so I bought this Extreme Stain and Odor Remover . Applied it generously and scrubbed . It stillsmells the next day so I applied it a second time and let it sit for a full day . When I 'm standing up , I can not smell thepee odor anymore , but bending down close to it , I can still smell it . And if I can smell it , then it 's a sure bet that our dogcan still smell her mark.I kept the product only because I can not return it anymore . I can not really recommend it .
 It was guaranteed to work , but it did n't . I treated a few days old cat urine stain on the car carpet . I followed the instructions exactly , but the cat smell is still there , now mixed in with the product smell , which is not too great either . I 'm going to refund my purchase .
 Not great . Way worse than the Simple Solution I 've been using for the past 10-15 years . This product does n't lift stains out whether you follow the package instructions or not . It simply does n't work . So disappointed .
 This product did not even begin to touch the dog poop stain on my carpet . Kids and Pets is a much superior product . If I could give simple Solution a 0 star rating I would .
 I could n't really comment on this product until I used it 3 times in one weekend . Over rated on Amazon . I used it over Thanksgiving weekend to clean up family dogs that all came over on Thanksgiving weekend and wanted to leave a little gift on my expensive white carpeting . One other dog also threw up from the excitement.It removed potty OK , but left blotches ... I was unable to remove vomit even though we used the product within 30 seconds of the accident happening -LRB- according to the label directions -RRB- and used a paper towel to get everything up before using the product.Resolve Foam Heavy Traffic that we purchased at Kroger for $ 3.00 less removed the vomit and all of the stains and the blotches . Perhaps it is because I have white carpeting . Left a strong pleasant odor for about 1 day also .
 ... Even after I left this cleaner soaking in the rug over the entire weekend and then washed it out with soap . I give up . I threw the rug out and the cat is next ! ; P
 Strong perfume smell -LRB- think baby powder -RRB- . Other enzyme products work as well or better without the perfume . Packed poorly as well -LRB- leaked in transit -RRB- .
 I just left a lengthy review of the carpet shampoo bottle of 64 oz . I tried this on a 100 % wool estate sale rug that I bought . Must have been used in the dining room as there were a few un washed food stains but lots of dog/cat urine stains that clearly had never been treated for stain removal . After treating the numerous spots 4 times without any appreciable results , I used my Bissell Pro Heat carpet machine with the Extreme carpet shampoo and still nothing ... The rug is going to the dump and I am demanding a refund since the product is guaranteed to work.I does not ! I wish I could post pictures to show you before and after shots ... No difference !
 Bought this stuff after my dog ate something and vomited heavily on my carpet . I followed the directions exactly but the vomit smell was still overwhelming . I re-treated and the smell was still there . I ended up re-treating again and again till I went through the whole bottle on one spot . Even after using the whole bottle the smell was still there . I would not buy this again .
 Our dog has been having some upper GI issues causing him to vomit pretty much on a daily basis . I decided to try this product based on all of the great reviews . It did not work for us -LRB- bile / yellow vomit on a beige carpet -RRB- .
 I have 2 aggressive chewers , a 70 pound Boxer and a 180 pound English Mastiff . The only toys they do n't destroy in minutes are the JW toys . But , the Mastiff chews the feet off the Bad Cuz in a matter of minutes . So , I purchased the Other Good Cuz because of a review on this site of the Bad Cuz toy , which indicated this one might be better than the Bad Cuz because of the feet . No , she chewed the leg stump things off just as quickly . The legs are hollow and when they are gone there are two holes in the toy and it no longer squeaks and gives them a good start on destroying the ball . So this one lasted only about 15 minutes . The better choice for us is the Bad Cuz , and we simply cut the feet off before giving it to the dogs . We 've had two Bad Cuz balls - feet cut off - that they have played with daily for months and are still in very good condition .
 The toy must have been dog tested before it was shipped for customer satisfaction.Packaging was n't up to Amazon standards , but I guess it 's okay . It 's just a dog toy . Same reason why I did n't really care if it looked not brand new.I bought it for my boxer . She can barely fit her mouth around it , and it does n't have much area for her to grip . I forgot she 's a runt of a boxer . The squeaky part of it works , but I 'm the one who has to squeak it.My Jack Russel likes it ... but he can also barely fit his mouth on it.End of the story ? No one really plays with it . It just sits there . Maybe they play with it when no one 's watching , though they must leave it in the same place every day .
 I have 2 labs that are fairly aggressive chewers , but bought this toy for them to play with under supervision . I enjoyed watching them chase each other around the room for about 5 minutes squeaking it and having a wonderful time until the squeaker fell into the inside . I was hoping that the toy would last longer than 5 minutes ! I am just thankful it fell into the inside and not outside where the dogs could swallow it .
 My nine month old female lab puppy has a box of toys . I thought this would be a great addition . She could hardly get her mouth around the ball so I thought great , she can play with this one . I left her with it for five minutes , looked down and she had just about removed the squeeky part and already tore the rubber around the squeeky insert . For $ 8 dollars , I thought it would be stronger . I do n't recommend this toy as it requires constant supervision . I 'm not sure what it 's good for since they ca n't chew on it and it 's too heavy to play with like a ball . What a disappointment . Also , while an ugly blue color was shown in the ad , it showed up in an even uglier peptobismol pink . The ad does say colors vary .
 My 55 pound American Bulldog mix loved this for the hour that it lasted before she was able to crack the rubber and start to pull it apart . Not a toy for strong chewers !
 Toy good at first . Squeaker can be pushed into ball and if pulled back out and glued it will crack and the dog can work the pieces loose . Do n't let this happen . Had to take it away because I was worried she would swallow the pieces from the squeaker and choke .
 This toy lasted for one short play session before my Alaskan malamute chewed out the squeaker . Fortunately , I was watching carefully and took the toy away from him . The Little River Pet Shop has not replied to the complaint I sent three weeks ago . Do n't waste your money on this toy !
 My Burmese rag doll cat did not like this at all . So buy this if you want to roll the dice . Every cat has his/her own finicky likes/dislikes . The odor can be a bit off-putting for more sensitive breeds .
 I really wanted an alternative to flea and tic medication and I had heard great things about garlic tablets , but after a month I have seen only minimal results . I have a Greman Sheppard and a Malmute , I gave them 4 tabs per 10 lbs a day for a month , and they were both still itchy after the 1000 tabs ran out . I will say that I noticed LESS fleas and itching , but not what I was expecting . Try it out though ! apparantly it works for other people , and I may still use it to ward off mosquitoes and heartworm during summer months !
 Day 4 of giving our dogs some tablets . They are scratching from fleas more than ever.The product probably has some benefits , but it does absolutely nothing as a flea repellent .
 I bought three bottles of Thyro-Pet on a 3 for 2 price deal . I used 2 bottles giving the highest dosage . Had my dog tested and the results came back as low as when he was first diagnosed and before he was on any medication . Obviously the stuff did n't work at all . I sent the test results and TWO bottles back to the company . They only gave me a refund for ONE bottle . They refuse to refund the second bottle claiming I got that one for free . I fulfilled their return requirements but they still wo n't give me the rest of my money back . After many emails and phone calls I gave up because you ca n't get past the switchboard or the person on the computer . DO N'T BUY FROM NATIVE REMEDIES ! They will rip you off .
 First of all , my volcano with plants looks NOTHING like the pictured one!Second , it was too tall for my 16 gallon container so my husband had to cut it off so we could put the light back in the tank . The water , which was newly cleaned , has been cloudy ever since - maybe from the volcano ?
 For my old dog , I had to add padding for his old joints and bones . For the money , I should have stuck with the old and reliable retailer .
 Purchased collar from manufacturer since Amazon was out of stock . I am VERY disappointed and would never put this thing on my cat . Very restricting collar with uncomfortable neck . Looks better in picture than the real deal ... Debbie
 Our dogs absolutely hate the taste of this product . And our dogs are not picky eaters . They are a mini poodle and a rottweiler . And they will eat anything . But not this . I had high hopes for this product as my rottie sheds quite a bit . But i have to try and disguise this supplement in canned dogfood , and even then , the rottie will not touch it .
 I only rated it 1 start because I have never received what I ordered . The reviews I read were good and I ordered . When it arrived it was the wrong item , not even close to what I ordered . I went throught the steps on Amazon to return twice and they have never responded or made any attempt to correct the issue . My dog does not have Urinary Track problems so I sure ca n't use the product they sent . There as no phone number to contact the seller and apparently the process in place does not work . I would just be careful when ordering from this seller . I have always trusted Amazon and have never experienced this kind of problem with them before . Product is good . Find another vendor .
 Save your money and buy a good deshedding brush this product is a waste of money . Have been using it on my Great Dane and have not seen any less shedding . In fact , he seems to be shedding more .
 It 's painful using these `` surgical '' scissors to trim my mustache . They pull hairs out as often as they cut them .
 The tabs are quite hard and even though my senior cat -LRB- age 16 -RRB- has all of his teeth -LRB- in good shape -RRB- , he could n't come close to chewing these . I crushed them ... they 're like little rocks ... but he refused any food I mixed them with , even his most favorite meals . Did n't matter if I mixed 1 tab or more ... he would n't eat the mixture . None of the other cats in the household would touch anything they were mixed with either . They are n't seniors but I thought in 1/2 doses they might be OK to give to younger cats 3-4 days a week . The cats decided otherwise . The 2 good things were that they did ship quickly and were well-packed . I 'm satisfied with the vendor but not the product . I wish I could have tried a small sample pack first ... we would not have ordered .
 We bought one of these yesterday -LSB- ... -RSB- and brought it home to put on our cat that had stitches he insisted on licking . Once on , the bottom snap broke and rendered this expensive piece of plastic useless.I highly DO NOT recommend this item . You are better off buying a piece of animal clothing that will cover the would or infection or whatever . -LSB- ... -RSB- In the end , DO NOT BUY THIS . It broke within 5 minutes of its first and only use.We were extremely disappointed .
 Not really impressed with this . I have a large dog and she is not very graceful . Within a couple of days of her running into things it cracked down the whole side . So I used clear tape to patch it back up . Within another couple of days it cracked down the other side . One last patch there , and then the snaps that hold the cone together broke off . Waste of money and time in my opinion .
 they sent a different e-collar with same lining that is at neck on the outer ring . this is problematic , given that when it gets dirty -LRB- poop , etc -RRB- it is impossible to clean the edge . not acceptable to send a different brand/item than pictured !
 The product dimensions given are 0.1 x 18 x 31 inches . I ordered one for my 12 month-old German Shepherd , who weighs 70lbs . It is way too small . When I measured it , there are only 9 inches of collar -LRB- width -RRB- . Very disappointing .
 I concur with the previous review . My puppy broke this collar within 2 days . This is not a sturdy collar and other brands were able to fair just fine with the puppy after this one broke .
 I bought this for my cat -LRB- a proud 13 pounder -RRB- who sustained an injury on his shoulder blade and kept licking the spot to an open wound . He started freaking out the second we put the collar on him and was trying to get it off . He could n't eat or drink with it on because it is so big and getting it on and off is certainly not easy ... one of the plastic snaps broke off the first time we put it on . We also tried to put it on the other way , where it would sit like a little coat ... that did n't work out well at all . He managed to get up on the couch , but when we tried to jump off he could n't get his legs in landing position because the collar was in the way and the poor thing landed on his face ... was n't happy at all.We ended up cutting out a `` custom '' collar from a gift box and he is now a happy cat . He can eat , drink , run around , jump around , clean his tail but he still ca n't get to his wound so it can now heal in peace.Please try to be more innovative before buying this for your cat . I 'm sure it 's a good product if you keep the cat in a cage and make sure you add water to all the meals -LRB- remember , they ca n't drink with the collar on -RRB- , but for a cat that 's still free to roam around the house , I would certainly not recommend it .
 I bought these chew toys for my Beagle and Basset Hound . They were chewed to shreds within 10 minutes . If you have a little foo-foo , or possibly a doggy that will just carry this toy , then it may work for you . Otherwise , it will be a complete waste of time and money . Wish I could give it a higher rating , but it is totally destructible !
 I am so disappointed in the product . I believed all the reviews . We have a long-haired dog and it takes a vacuum attachment to remove the hair . This product would have worked wonderful ... if it worked . I tried it on our couch and on our bedspread . It moved the hair into a big clump or got all static and stuck to the sponge . If anyone has any tips please comment . I 'm not returning it because it was so cheap it 's not worth the time or effort .
 This product is not very satisfactory . I purchased it with the intent to wipe down my leather couch ; however , the cat hair does not stick to it very much . I get better results by using a wet paper towel . I have not tried it on fabric , carpet or rugs , but it does not work for relatively smooth surfaces like leather or wood furniture .
 I got these bones so she could have something to chew on without killing her baby -LRB- toy raccoon -RRB- on a frequent basis . She hardly gives this thing a second look . I pretended to be excited by it . I even pretended I was eating it so she 'd want it but it was a no go . I then tried the never faulty peanut butter trick -- I put a thin layer of peanut butter on it thinking once she 'd get started she 'd love it and not want to stop . She licked off all the peanut butter and walked away . So far it still just lays there . She refuses to touch it . What an utter waste of my hard-earned money .
 One of my dogs will eat almost anything and he wo n't even touch these bones . The other dog is kind of picky so it 's no surprise that he wo n't touch them .
 These use to be entertainment for my dogs - warning that you do not let them have them 24 / 7 . One of my dogs broke off the top of his back molar and these were only bones I give my dogs .
 Got these for my two puppies while they were teething . These were completely not into them after they initially scattered them on the floor and played with them like hockey pucks . Wish I could have returned them . :-LRB- . Service was great , just not their preference I guess ...
 I was hoping for a substitue for the too many snacks that my dachshund gets but they really did n't interest her . It seems there was really no flavor or scent to encourage her to chew on them .
 I decided to buy this because a friend told me that small dogs should n't be eating regular `` skin '' bones . She recommended me this brand . Now , the bone is hard and feels like plastic ... I did n't realize initially but it is really made of nylon with chicken flavor ... Ok maybe the name is a give away but I did n't think it was seriously made of nylon until I got the item . Both dogs -LRB- a belgium sheppard and a lhasa apso -RRB- wouldn ' touch the nylabone ... And I think they will be better off eating regular skin than nylon anyway .
 Maggie wont touch this and she will go so far as to drag it out of her pillow area . I have tried ... she wont bite it .
 smaller than I expected Not too happy with them ... ... ... ... . . ... ... ... ... ... .
 This product has to rubbed on the skin to work . I did n't know that from the description - I thought it could also be added to food . I tried it once , and it was horrible . My cat looked like she had hair mousse on the rest of the day . Her hair remained spiky in that area , and the particles dried and flaked off a bit . It was too messy and it annoyed my cat , so I did n't continue using it .
 Does not always spray when my dog barks . On occasion it 'll do a random spray when he and the surroundings are totally silent . I called the company and got a free replacement mailed within a week . The new one does the same .
 We switched to Instinct dry from Evo because it has just as much protien but costs about $ 12 less per bag . When you buy as much cat food as we do -LRB- we breed Maine Coons -RRB- that adds up!Well , we used Instinct for several months and the cats really liked it . During this same time period we started having problems with loose stools and poo that smelled extra-noxious . Seriously , when one of the cats would go it was as if an entire football team farted in our living room . We thought maybe we had gotten giardia in the house , but the tests came back clean.Finally , we put two and two together and tried switching back to Evo dry . Within a day the cat poo odor dropped to a normal level of stink.You may not have this same problem with your cats , but I 'll spend the extra money on Evo , thank you .
 My cat devoured this food ! But there comes a time when that which is devoured ... Must be de-devoured ... . If you know what I 'm sellin ... I live in a larger 1bedroom apt . and she lit the entire 930 sq feet up with a stench that would have a wet nurse running out of the house ... She has never , nor has any baby ever let this kind of raunch out of its body . I just ca n't take it ! Awful ! The entire apartment gets raunched , funktified.Currently , she 's looking up at me with these innocent eyes , and in my head I hear in a Steve Erkel voice `` Did I do that !? ''
 This food is described as gluten free , but it is not as evidenced by independent testing . For those who suffer from celiac disease , avoid this cat food .
 I tried this food for several months but it made my cats throw up . They lost weight so switched back to Kirkland brand .
 Bought a bag of this , hoping to get my cat away from the grains , rotten meat and other garbage in most commercial cat food . My cat has never been finicky , but she wants nothing to do with this food . I even tried another reviewer 's idea of putting the food through the food processor with a bit of water , but the cat smelled it and still did n't want it . The search for a better cat food product continues . I gave it 2 stars only because it 's a cat-health conscious product , but maybe it should be 1 star since my cat wo n't eat it .
 My 2 Turkish Van kitties usually eat Wellness Core w / no grain , but when they were due for a new bag Amazon was out of stock and I would have had to pay shipping , not to mention wait much longer to receive it , so I looked for something similar as a substitute.Long story short , my cats hate this food ... even the female . They barely touch their bowls and would rather go hungry than eat it . I 've been mixing it in with some wet food that I have so they 'll acquire a taste for it . As many cat lovers know , Vans are very vocal . So they 've been whining and crying about the food even with full dishes . Essentially indicating , `` We want our old food back ! `` I will be sticking to Wellness Core . I do not recommend it to owners with picky kitties .
 I was really excited to find a grain free food that was fairly affordable . Unfortunately , my cat will not touch this stuff ! In fact my other cat that does not have grain issues wo n't eat it either . I think some of it has to do with the fairly large , square shape of the kibble . It is almost like dog food . Other than that it is the taste . The only way I can get my cat to eat this food is to put it through the food processor to break up the large pieces and douse it with water to make it seem like wet food . -LRB- My cat has always eaten dry food so it is not a dry/wet issue -RRB- . By the way , although this food says it is grain free , it does still have grain in its ingredients . This is really deceiving and I am not sure why they are able to label this food as grain free . This purchase was a total waste of money and I will look for another brand and hope that my cat will eat it without the need to doctor it .
 I 've tried this product with my cat and will more likely not buy it again . I was in a hurry and the petfood store I went to did n't carry the grain-free brand I usually give to my cat so I thought I could give a try with this food.I feed kitty using a toy food dispenser . It 's a cylinder with holes , filled with food and my cat rolls it in order to get food . While the toy is in a tray to prevent getting cat food everywhere in the house , that food makes a mess of little crumbles and gunk all over the tray and dispenser . It 's never happened with other dry cat food -LRB- royal canin , science diet , orijen , etc -RRB- . Also , my cat started passing huge stools since he 's eating that food . Like twice as big as usually . No fun cleaning the litter box and I do n't feel I get a lot for my money as the cat seems to poop half of what he eats.Going back toOrijen Regional Poultry and Fish Grain-Free Dry Cat & Kitten Food , 5.5 lb !
 my cat has loved this food and has truly benefited from it for 5 months , until this delivery . vomit , diarrhea and a refusal to eat any of the food continued until i went to my local store and purchased another bag of the same product - happily with different results .
 I have four cats . They always love dry food . But now they only eat it when they are very very hungry .
 The carrier was sold as `` Medium '' , for a dog ... when it arrived it fit a medium hamster . Talk about bait and switch . It looks like a cat carrier , but there is a dog paw on it ?????
 not good . i found out at it 's first cat show that the plastic that the top snaps into place was broken in 2 places . 1 part snaps the other place wo n't . the cat got out because i thaught it was secure and it was n't . that cat is worth $ 1300 . and i expect it to grand with it 's family tree .
 this kennel is definitly for extra small dogs i have a chiuiuia and its way to small for her , its working good for my ferret though
 I ordered the wrong size and when I returned the item it cost me 20.89 to send . If that was n't enough I still have not received the credit for the item on my credit card .
 This cat carrier looks cute but falls apart easily . I can pick it up a little rough or jiggle the door slightly and the door will fall off . The whole thing came apart when getting it out of a tight space . It will work just is n't very safe .
 I was moving five animals and bought five of these kennels because they were designed to assemble and disassemble easily -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- for storage and were priced so cheaply . On Amazon sometimes cheap is n't a band thing - but this time it was . One of the kennels arrived broken , so now I 've got the hassle of returning this stupid thing , and I was also short a kennel and had to improvise with a live trap . And the other four I felt it necessary to duck tape them for safety . I wrapped duck tape all the way around the kennel to hold the snap down handles in place . Years ago I bought one of these snap apart kennels , and it was sturdy and easy to assemble and disassemble and store . This is the same maker but they have significantly cheapened the design . Unless you do n't mind having a duck taped kennel , I would save your money and buy something different .
 I have used this carrier twice , and BOTH times I used it the top came apart from the bottom and the cat escaped . This is a very thin plastic and any pressure at all on the sides will release all the clamps that hold the top and bottom together ... if you buy this you MUST put zip ties on all the sides to hold the top and bottom together ! I own several other carriers of this same brand -LRB- purchased previously -RRB- that have never come apart like this : - -LRB-
 We recently purchased this item from a retail pet supply store , hoping to bring home a cat adopted from our city shelter . Upon returning to our home and taking the carrier out of the car , the plastic latches holding the entire kennel together FAILED . Our new cat fell out when the bottom of the kennel hit the ground and he promptly ran away down the street , never to be seen again.Don ' t waste your time and money with any kennel that uses plastic latches to hold the top and bottom halves together . Stick with kennels that use screw assembly , they can withstand almost anything . This was a hard learned lesson for our entire family .
 I got this kennel to use when picking up my rescued bichon in another state . It was a good size and easy to assemble although made of flimsy plastic . The first time I used it with her , some of the clips came apart and the door would not stay latched . Scary for a dog that 's not used to being carried and is afraid of noise . No matter what I do , the door still wo n't stay shut , but swings open . Thankfully Scarlett has not fallen out , but I 'm afraid to use the kennel now . She 's 20 # , so within the recommended size range . I 'm very disappointed in this product .
 I 've used the ` Pet Taxi ' brand in the past and they are much better built than this one . This one is rather flimsy and the ` treat container ' on the top is nearly impossible to get open and is not even deep enough for a deck of cards . It will work for short trips like vet visits , but is not very good for a night time bed .
 I bought this for my dog however when it came did n't realize the size was wrong . It was too small . I would have kept it if my dog were smaller . It was nicely built and came with a little water dish even .
 Purchased this for my tiny -LRB- 2 lb -RRB- puppy . The small kennel is rated for up to 10 lbs but I highly doubt it would hold 10 lbs in weight let alone the size of a 10 lb dog . Thin plastic , small door entry , and overall felt flimsy . I would not feel safe putting my puppy in this kennel and then carrying it , even at her current 2 lb . weight . I gave it 1 star only because it is a cute pink color .
 I bought this for my cat to ride back to America . We are a Military family stationed in Europe . The cage did not close all the way , like it was made wrong . I do n't think all of them are made that way because I was able to use the door from our old one and now it closes fine .
 NOT SAFE FOR TRAVELING : I was traveling with my cat when we were hit by a drunk driver . The accident was fairly serious . This POS kennel separated top and bottom upon impact leaving my cat out in the open to run free . The latches busted completely in half . Of course , she was scared as the dickens and darted out the nearest broken window . If it was n't for the grace of God and a wonderful volunteer firefighter we would have lost our cat for good.The carrier was properly assembled as I test my carrier for safety before each use.What the hell is the point of a cat carrier if it does n't do its job and keep the cat safe in all types of travel situations ????? If you care about your cat 's safety , get a zipper carrier . The latches on this carrier just do NOT hold up .
 I actually bought this at Wal-Mart for $ 25 . The plastic is a fairly thin -LRB- for crate expectations -RRB- composite and not very sturdy . The snaps on the side would n't stay snapped shut . When I first put it together , the door fell out of it 's holes . My cat easily wiggled the door when in the crate , and I worried he was going to bust out of the crate ! I returned this crate the very same day I bought it .
 This was a nice color but was constructed poorly and would not stay together . Could n't use it and had to send it back .
 It was meant for a little kitten , not an average size cat . Do n't purchase this one , unless you have a kitten .
 I purchased two of these to replace two kennels my cats had outgrown for a move coming up in FOUR DAYS . They arrived today -- BROKEN with MISSING PIECES . Someone clearly did not check the packaging before they mailed and/or they packaged poorly.Customer Service agreed to expedite two more so I can have them in time for my move on Saturday but I am afraid they will arrive broken and with missing pieces again.Yes the colors are chic -LRB- I went for the Sky Blue -RRB- but cute does n't protect your cat if the kennel falls apart on the streets in New York in the middle of the move.I 've had pets my whole life and it was a dumb decision to try to save some money and get cheap kennels . Spare yourself the drama and look at reviews -- get better kennels . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 I bought this product and am pleased with it for the most part but was dissapointed because the picture that they displayed online was not like the product I received . Most of it was the same and the kennel is in good condition so I 'm pleased with that but I would have appreciated the seller being more upfront or saying that the kennel that you receive may look different than the one pictured . All of the features are the same but the one I received has different colors than the one pictured and that is what drew me into buying it the most .
 i brought this cage and another one and it is badly made . the side of carrier does n't fit right the door came apart a few times . I am not happy with this product .
 There is no way a 10 lb dog or cat would be comfortable in this crate . My 10 lb dog ca n't even fit in it . Luckily , it 's not for her . I bought this crate for my 5 year old dog , who weighs only 3 lbs . She has to side step to go in through the door because the way the door is attached , the back end of it protrudes into the doorway when the door is open . The doorway opening would measure 7 1/4 x 9 -LRB- IF you removed the door -RRB- . The USEABLE space inside this crate is about 16 1/2 '' long by 9 '' wide by 8 1/2 '' high . It would be nice if there was any kind of measurement in the product description , instead of estimating the size of dog that would fit in it , which is not accurate . Also , do n't bother buying the `` small '' Midwest fleece pad which is recommended , it is way too big to even fit inside the crate ! I ended up having to go buy an `` extra small '' fleece liner at Wal-Mart . So unless you have a 3 lb dog , who will never grow any bigger , like I do , just skip this crate and go with something bigger . I really do n't like this crate , but since my dog is just using it as an extra sleeping `` den , '' I 'll probably let her use it for now and eventually replace it . Also , if you do buy any of these crates , do n't trust the snap latches , especially if you 're using it to transport him . Put a bungee cord around the crate right away and leave it there , for safety 's sake . You do n't want it opening unexpectedly with your dog inside . Very flimsy construction.P.S . Be aware that these crates with the snap latches are not airline approved .
 I needed to get another pet carrier for our newest cat who grew out of his kitten carrier . So I ordered the exact same carrier as the other two we already own . I have to say that I am disappointed with the new one . It is not as durable as the other two . My cat is 10 plus pounds and am afraid that the carrier will fall apart when I go to pick him up . The plastic is very thin and bends easily . It took a little bit for me to get all of the clips closed too . This crate will only be used for emergencies ie . when all three cats have to leave the house at the same time . Strange how items can change over time even when they are described the exact same way .
 I gave this kennel one star only so I could post this review . This kennel is a piece of cheap plastic junk . I wasted $ 30 + on the medium one , and used it to pick up my new 7-lb . dog from the airport . The second I lifted the kennel from the floor with my dog inside , the latches gave way . My dog crashed to the floor , got up -LRB- thank goodness she was okay -RRB- , and started running through the pre - holiday airport crowd . I managed to catch her and put the kennel back together , but I did not put her back in it . The empty kennel fell apart once again while I was carrying it out of the airport . It is now waiting for the garbage man to haul it away tomorrow .
 My carrier was only 2 years old and would hold a cat that was 11 pounds . The handle broke off . In talking to my vet , he said that is quite common for this brand .
 I used two of these pet carriers to carry my two cats home from the vet , six blocks from my apartment . Every few steps the doors would fly off altogether . Not open up , completely come off . One block before I reached my house , both carriers completely and irreperably came apart . I was absolutely terrified , and struggling in the middle of the street to somehow hold the pieces together with my hands , without doors of course , and keep my cats somehow contained within the pieces . My cats were both terrified and trying to escape . Since I had my hands full doing this , I could n't get them to my apartment on my own , and had to pay a passerby fifteen dollars to help me carry one of them .
 I got this before I got the furminator and even though the furminator costs more it is worth it . The blade looks the same but the angle of attack , or something , with the furminator is different and it makes a HUGE HUGE difference in the result . You get 10x , 20x , -LRB- I do n't know it 's huge -RRB- more with the furminator in the same amount of time . When I saw that the blades were the same I was worndering if I had wasted my money . I did n't see how there could be such a huge difference but there really is . Do n't bother with this . Get the furminator .
 I bought this product , and I was happy with it . Then it broke and the company said that it had a 30 day guarantee if bought from them . Otherwise bring it back where you bought it and see what they would do .
 It 's not that this product does n't remove some of the dog 's fur , but it just does n't live up to the name `` Shed Ender '' . A flea comb removes almost as much fur .
 It does n't work worth a darn . Bad Bad BAD would n't reckon mend it any person at all . Thankyou
 Saw this on TV and purchased online . We have a long haired cat and this is completely worhless . Get better results with a comb with steel pins spaces less than 1/16 apart . The Shed Enders teeth are too close together and too short to work on the fine hair of a long haired cat .
 This shampoo smells good but seemed to worsen my dog 's skin disorder -LRB- raw spots & scabbing -RRB- . Recommend Sebolux over this shampoo if your dog has skin allergies .
 This product is absolutely wonderful.I have a large white rabbit and with this product I do not smell him or his urine/feces at all.That being said , I gave this product only two stars because when I ordered it last week Amazon sent me Marshall 's GoodBye Odor instead of this Bi-Odor product which does not work nearly as well.I 'm hoping they still have the Bi-Odor in stock or I 'm going to be living with a very stinky rabbit!UPDATE
 below was my old review , sadly this is a new formula and it does not work . The old formula worked great but it 's strange they would change the formula . back to changing the litter constantly.I have a house rabbit who shares my bedroom so I really want to keep it odor free . This stuff is fantastic ! It will pay for itself because youwo n't have to buy as much litter . It lasts a really long time . It takesa few days to start working , somehow it removes the amnonia smell from the urine .
 I ordered Bi-Odor but was shipped the WORTHLESS , INEFFECTIVE GoodBye Odor instead . The products are completely dissimilar , with totally different ingredients . Needless to say , I was distressed . Still , having had excellent results with Bi-Odor , I decided to give GoodBye Odor a try . What a disaster . The best that I can say about this awful product is that it did n't harm my animals . Please note that both Bi-Odor and GoodBye Odor , despite being completely different formulations , are listed by Marshall with the same item number
 When I bought this product I was beyond skeptical . I did n't believe it . However it does work and it works like they say . Odor is decreased in both waste and general . Yeah it works . But what 's the price on health.I was leery about continued use due to the fact that I could not find enough research of alleviate my concerns about health . Then my little ferrets seemed to start having intestinal problems . They all seemed to have problems with cramping and stomach pain . I stopped use when my littlest started having problems walking with the arch to her back . Almost immediately the smell came back and the pain went away . I do n't want to think about what else this stuff can to a ferret . I would n't use it and I do n't .
 The item arrived on time -LRB- early , actually -RRB- which is fantastic . When I received , the entire top of the box was torn . It was almost like it was old and was falling apart . Nothing was taped shut . I opened the box and the item does n't seem to be bent at all -LRB- surprising , but good -RRB- . Other than the packaging , the item is great ! My ferrets and my toddler niece who insists on getting in it love it ! We do n't have room for the 11-panel right now , so we got the smaller one and plan to get expansion panels to make it bigger when we get a new place .
 Flimsy construction , easy for small dogs to open up the side and let themself out . Not recommended for small dogs , works o.k. for my baby rabbits to play in the yard in or as a temporary gate over a large door opening .
 I purchased this to handle a stray kitten I found in my hard . After reading the reviews and description , I thought it would help contain her until I could find a new home . The first night she was able to crawl out of it , and then I had to spend 3 days coaxing her from behind my shelves . It 's just not high enough . It needed a cover for the top .
 I 've only used it a few times . My huge hamster and my smaller rats can squeeze through the bars really fast . My larger rat can climb up to the top and then climb down to get out . No matter how many toys and treats I put in there , all the pets want to do is get out . They 're so occupied with escaping they do n't even play ! Maybe with the cover it would be fine for large enough animals , but I do n't think it 's worth the money .
 Good idea , poor execution?I have two ferrets . One of them discovered she could climb out of this pen using the horizontal bars in and around the sliding door as a ladder . Once she learned how , she was out as soon as you gave her five uninterrupted minutes .
 This product has Xylitol in it!According to the ASPCA : Xylitol is used as a sweetener in many products , including gum , candy , baked goods and toothpaste . It can cause insulin release in most species , which can lead to liver failure . The increase in insulin leads to hypoglycemia -LRB- lowered sugar levels -RRB- . Initial signs of toxicosis include vomiting , lethargy and loss of coordination . Signs can progress to recumbancy and seizures . Elevated liver enzymes and liver failure can be seen within a few days.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THEY CHANGE THEIR INGREDIENTS !!!
 The idea and design are good but I do n't think it is original because I have another one look just like it but it works better . This one is very hard to queeze to get it open because of the spring load is very strong . We have a tough time to open it . Thus , it is now sit on the corner of the house and we continue to use the old one that has a reasonnable spring load to get it open . I would not buy this one .
 The spray commander was recommended by a trainer I hired . My dog sometimes had anxious behavior and got too excited around certain people . The trainer 's collar worked great , so I bought one and they 're pretty expensive . Out of the box the sprayer would not work but the sound did . He actually responded to the sound , and I was ready to send the collar back when the sprayer started working . It 's such a great tool , but the trainer said they only work about 50 % of the time , so be prepared .
 When I first got the Spray Commander , I was psyched . Finally , something that would help train my beagle-boxer mixed , six-month old puppy . It was great ! She would bark ... I would spray her and it would stop . She would jump up on people , I would spray her . Eventually , all I would have to do it press the beeper on it and she would hear it and knock it off . Well , all of a sudden , the long spray button stopped spraying long sprays . It started to spray short ones . Ok I guess , because I never really used that button anyway . Then , the short spray button spray got A LOT shorter . The collar started losing its effectiveness . Now both sprays are super short . I am a little disappointed . I ended up just taking the collar off because it is pointless now . Wish that I would have know that it was going to crap out on me within the first month ... I would have purchased something else .
 I have used the Citronella bark collar and it has been effective . I like the idea of this remote trainer in order to give immediate feedback . However , it did not work at all !!!! I do n't know if the particular unit I got was broken , or what . Taking it out of the box , the remote did not work . I had to purchase new batteries immediately . The positive tone worked for about 6 beeps then quit completely . The `` negative '' sprays worked for maybe another 20 or so sprays and now they do not work at all either . I have purchased batteries again and no go . Such a huge disappointment .
 This thing worked for a few weeks tops and then quit . I had one with the remote and a bark collar also , and both quit working shortly after purchase .
 Purchased this unit a few months ago , worked once and then never again . Exchanged for a second unit , which also worked once and then never again . Will be returning for a refund .
 Bought one . Effective , but found the battery in the receiver needs to be replaced after a few days . Then , the unit failed at about 4 months . Because it seemed to help training I bought a second unit . Like the first , the second one also failed at about four months . Neither unit was ever wet , dropped , or abused . Nice idea , but product quality is lacking .
 I am now on the second device and it broke on me again . The remote control stopped working all of a sudden . I replaced the batteries and made sure that the unit was refilled properly.I dealt with the manufacturer directly rather than going through the vendor . Multivet which was based in Canada agreed to send me a new device after a long email correspondences . But before I received a new unit the company was bought by Petsafe and they dropped the ball . Petsafe was kind enough to believe me without proof and send me a new training unit . But after a week that broke too . Now I have to send back the unit at my cost and wait for another unit to arrive . God only knows how long the next one will last.This device is effective but I believe it is too fragile . Mine never got wet or suffered any rough abuse . It 's not worth this high price , in my opinion .
 I bought this product on July 10th , and it arrived shortly there after . I have had nothing but trouble with Shopzone in trying to correct the problem . They sent me the spray commander and it has two different serial numbers , meaning that the two units can not talk with each other . We bought this device as a training tool for our puppy . To this date 8/19 nothing has been done on shopones end . I sent back the two units , as directed , and have not heard from them despite 3 e-mails asking for an update to my problem . I am totally disgusted with the company and their lack of professonalism . Do not buy from them , save yourselves the anger and frustration that I 'm feeling . I think that you will have better luck with other companies .
 I had this model for my great danes . The tray on top gathered a lot of pet hair and food crumbs and needed to be cleaned often . The grossest part was under the bowls . Slobbery water will spill under the water bowl and you will have to clean it daily or it will get really gross . Do n't fill the legs with water -LRB- it says to use either water or sand -RRB- because the legs are easy to come off and you do n't want the water to spill on the floor . I guess you would n't want to spill sand either :-RRB- It 's not a big issue until you need to move it . Overall , I 'd recommend getting the heavy wire ones with the rubber stoppers on the feet . That has worked the best for my dogs .
 Most useless item I have ever bought . Not sturdy at all , poorly made.The price draws you in but do n't waste your money . Neither dogs will drink out of it due to the instability and the bowls well that is a whole nother story . who in their right mind puts round bottomed mixing bowl type bowls to use for water for an animal.Spend a little more and get something else .
 Bought these , tried giving my rabbit these on multiple days , he did not even nibble a single one . He hates them . : -LRB-
 My puppy is named Spike and he needed a new collar at 16-18 inches . His first collar was a Harley Davidson collar with spikes and a HD logo - which made it cost a lot more ! But the whole Spike thing is so sweet ! He looks really tough!This collar is not 18 inches long . It is 17 inches long and the widest point it can be closed is at 15 inches . When it is closed , its complete circle is 14 inches and that is at its widest possible point . I measured my puppy 's neck before I ordered this and it was 15 inches , too small for the 16 inch so I ordered up one size.As a side note , this is not especially a good collar for a puppy as the spikes are actually sharp . We have two puppies in the house and it 's just not a good idea .
 My dogs are each about 75lbs and the one dog had this rope ripped to shreds in a matter of a couple of hours and in the garbage it went the day it arrived
 THe center lock easily falls out and makes it 's easy for the dog to chew it up . The cube itself can be very noisy but that does n't bother me and the dog loves it . I just wish my dog had n't chewed up the center lock . I only had the cube for a few weeks before it fell out and she chewed it .
 My 8 month old labradoodle prefers the one that is round -LRB- another brand -RRB- . The square design on this one makes him scoot it around which seems to lose his interest rather quickly . Plus it 's rather noisy .
 THe center lock easily falls out , it will not lock in at all . My dog played with one at school and loved it with no food in it on a rubber floor , so I came right home and ordered it . Once I took the center lock out to fill it up , I have not been able to put it back in .
 I bought this for our 8 month old lab to keep him mentally stimulated . When filled with the smallest kibble in the world on the most difficult setting , this maybe worked for 5 minutes . The opening was n't large enough for any normal treats -LRB- or at least any treat I could find at PETCO -RRB- , and once I upgrade his food to a different brand , then that would n't fit either . Eventually he figured out how to adjust the difficulty and removed the core before chewing it to death.Toy is in the trash . Not for the serious chewer .
 I prepared this toy exactly as described . My six month old lab managed to pull out the screw-in cap the first time I gave it to her . It was ruined and unusable after 10 minutes . I threw it away .
 My vet recommended this toy for my dog Koko -LRB- terrier mix -RRB- b/c it would keep her distracted and away from destroying my things . I filled it with the dry dog food that she likes and showed her how to play with it , but she wo n't have anything to do with it ! I tried chopping up a treat that she likes and using that , but it did n't get her interest either . Maybe it 's just my dog , but I was dissappointed . I highly recommend getting your dog a Kong toy though , she never lets that thing go !
 Ordered this product along with the Large Kong Wobbler Red toy for our 3 dogs -LRB- weight in at 45 to 65 lbs each -RRB- . This item was hard to fill , hard to seal , and hard to clean . Found the toy on the lawn the next morning after the sprinklers drenched the dried dog food into a melted mess . The port and plug located on one side of the cube which you add kibble is about the size of my middle finger . Impossible to clean even with a bottle brush . I soaked the kibble out and refilled it to give the toy a 2nd chance . Found that the plug shaken loose from the port and I later discovered it chewed up . This render the toy useless . Would not by again . Still have the Kong Wobbler Red and refill it daily .
 I think the concept is great but my Weimaraner destroyed it the first day ! He pulled out the plug and chewed it up ! He swallowed pieces and ended up vomiting . So I had quite the mess to clean up ! I was hoping it would last a bit longer and keep him occupied while I was at work . I wanted a refund or to exchange for a different item but the company would only replace it ! Which does n't help ! So now he can only play with it while i am sitting with him and watching him . So do n't get it if your pup likes to chew at all .
 Product was great for the firs week then it would not open so we had to throw it away i wouldnt suggest getting one unless you have income to blow
 IT is hard to get this clean . You can soak it , but then it 's hard to get it dry . Since it is plastic , I do n't want to put it in the oven . Also my dogs -LRB- Blue heeler mix , Miniature poodle/cocker mix -RRB- do n't enjoy it was much as the Kong toy . I think that 's because the Kong 's movements are wobbly and more erratic -- more like prey . This cube just clunks over and they lose interest .
 My 40lb cockapoo -LRB- he 's not fat his father is a medium sized poodle -RRB- played with it well for 3 minutes then bit it and broke it nearly in half .
 I would n't buy this product again as it 's too hard to open and insert the treats . It says to put your finger in and twist to open . I gave it to my niece to open and she even had trouble .
 I am sitting here watching my dog completely sound asleep after a $ 600 emergency vet visit . We did as instructed with this toy last night and sat with our Pit/Mastif 17month old puppy named Daisy . She loved it and today we went out for two hours to look at homes to buy . When we returned she did her usual running around and greeting us with her new toy in her mouth . Several minutes later she was laying at our feet with her toy still there . While reaching out to grab the toy and play with her it was stuck . I mean stuck . She had literally gotten her entire lower jaw stuck in the hole that you take in and out to place the food into . Not a tooth not a hair , her entire jaw . I can not believe that this is the first occurance for this toy . It definately needs some redesign or removal from market . This toy has cut a ring around her jaw to the point of bleeding and massive swelling because of how it was lodged . We bought the large version as HELLO we have a large dog . If you really care for your pet , look elsewhere for a toy that does keep them entertained when you are not around . It kept our baby entertained alright . But she could n't eat or drink as she walked around with a 6 inch cube stuck to the front of her face . We feel pathetic that we did this to her .
 This item was ordered as a package deal -LRB- saved $ 1 !!! -RRB- . One was sized for a 150 lb . Great Dane , one for a 5 lb . dog and this one is just right but impossible for me to get food into or a dog -LRB- or me -RRB- to get it out . Recommended by local SPCA !!!
 The Buster Cube and the Mini Cube is a great idea ! The problem is that I almost broke all of my ten fingers , trying to get the inner cylinder out -LRB- for cleaning purpose -RRB- . I let several people try it , because I thought there might be a trick ... none of them was successful ! I even went to Petsmart where they sell that toy . Needless to say that nobody there was successful as well . I ended up sending it back and putting some ice on my hurt fingers !!! 2 Stars for the idea ...
 Could not remove the centre to load treats . Ruby knocked it around a little but as no treats inside it was not really very interesting .
 I am pleased with the fact that this toy is very sturdy , but it does n't matter because my American Bulldog refuses to play with it . In addition to this , the openings are very large and the kibble falls out too easily . Yes , I did adjust the hole size , but that did n't help . It does n't matter though , because my dog does n't play with it .
 My 6 month Havanese was able to remove the insert out of this `` toy '' and had put the entire piece in his mouth before I could get to him to take it out . This cube is VERY dangerous and no matter how much you watch your puppy , owners know how quick they are.My puppy could have choked or worse on this piece . Do n't risk it happening to your puppy .
 I 'm sorry I bought this impossible toy . The instructions on the box do not match the product . In order to open it , you are supposed to insert your finger into hard plastic and turn . I had to put on a glove as it scratched me so much . It 's very difficult to open and to close . The instructions include difficulty settings and there are none on the ball . The dog would have to bat the ball like a cat to get it to work . Waste of money !
 I bought this thinking it would be a good replacement for the device I am currently using to slow my dog down when eating but this it a hard plastic cube which will NOT work on hardwood floor ... it will not flip and it makes a racket being pushed around the whole apartment ... I tossed it in the garbarge after a day of use!it may work on carpet but did not on my floors ... the search continues
 My dog loves interactive toys and it seems its the only way I can get her to actually eat her meals . I bought this thing -LRB- mini size -RRB- with high hopes but once I got it in its done nothing but disappoint . First of all I think I may have a defective product since there is absolutely no way I can get the middle cylinder out . I looked this up online and it seems numerous others are having this problem . Therefore strike 1
 I bought a small buster cube for my 15lb furry mutt and he had a great time ... until the inner cylinder popped off and the bottom half of his mouth got stuck in the hole . I was able to pry it off after he stopped yelping but it 'd cut up his lip quite a bit . Oh , and this was his first time playing with the toy .
 after the first few treats come out , no more will come out . even I ca n't get them out !! I have bought buster cubes in the past that have worked fine . I expect the dogs to work a reasonable amount to get the treats out . that is the point . but this is impossible . are there different brands ?
 I picked up the Buster Cube after reading some positive reviews on it . Its a great toy , lots of fun and holds their attention for a long time . I put a handfull of kibble in it -LRB- an amount that my pup would eat in a couple bites -RRB- and he was occupied for at least a 30-45 minutes . I would 5 star it but it is its very noisy , even on carpeted floor , thats my only complaint.Update
 My dog did not have a time to play with this toy . He just thrown the cube to the wall and then , the cube was split into 2 pieces , broken!Do not recommend it for big dogs -LRB- Labs -RRB- .
 I was in the same room with my schnauzer when he suddenly went nuts and there was blood everywhere ! the middle insert came out and he got his teeth caught in the cube trying to get to the food . NOT SAFE ! he was hitting everything in his path and it took a few minutes to calm him enough to lower his head and get his teeth out of it . We wo n't use THAT again EVERIt is also VERY difficult to put the food into , you need good finger dexterity to accomplish that feat . This was truly a waste of money.This deserves a ZERO star .
 If I had known that this was hard plastic , I would not have ordered it.My dog wants nothing to do with it.Putting her food in it did n't interest her , even when I put her favorite treats in it she ignored it .
 I returned this . I was excited to get it , but did not expect it to be the hard brittle type plastic . I decided it was n't what I was looking for . It did n't look like it would last . Of course I did n't really give it a try .
 My lab loves to play with various treat balls , but I do n't recommend this one . It does not easily roll and play time gets ruff with my dog pawing at the cube and picking it up and tossing it . In the process the `` plug '' comes out and all the treats follow . The plug also then becomes a choking hazard if you have a chewer . There are other options that provide a better experience .
 MY GOLDEN RETRIEVER MANAGED TO CHEW THE CENTER , REMOVEABLE PIECE OFF AND GOT A PART OF IT STUCK IN HIS MOUTH.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . GET THE ATOMIC `` MOLECULE BALL '' INSTEAD . ITS SOFTER AND MORE PLIABLE AND NOT NEARLYAS DANGEROUS .
 This cube is the right shape , and dispenses treats wonderfully . However , my wrestless herding dog , who is very smart , does not enjoy the difficulty in getting the hard plastic cube to `` turn over '' and give her a treat . I 'm disappointed because I hoped this toy would help some of her boredom during the day while I work . If the plastic were softer or there were more outlets that dispense treats she might go for it . Otherwise I do n't recommend this for at least the Sheltie breed .
 We bought this -LRB- the large cube -RRB- for our eighty pound retriever . He played with it once , then it broke in half . I glued the halves back together , he played with it once more , then it broke in half again . I then put super epoxy on it and plastic-welded it back together . He played with it once , then it broke AGAIN . I finally drilled holes in the side and riveted a make-shift bracket to either half , effectively sealing the thing together for eternity -LRB- or as long as it takes for the plastic to break-down into it 's constituent materials -RRB- . Even now the center tube hardly `` locks '' anymore . I 'm done with this toy . The manufacturer needs to redesign the cube halves so the halves screw together.Even when it was brand new the center lock was VERY hard for my wife to get out . I almost broke my thumb trying to do it myself . I finally had to jamb a towel into the hole , then stuff my finger into the towel and `` wrench '' on the part to get the cube to open.One star for construction and durability.Three stars for the concept.Average
 We fostered a dog and bought him a bunch of toys to keep him entertained while we were at work all day . Some of the toys he loved , but this one scared him . The plastic is think and hard , so when he would roll it from side to side it made a loud noise from the impact on our hard floors.I think it would work better with carpeted homes . Also , it can be pretty tricky for dogs to get the treats out , so I would say this is an ` advanced ' toy .
 I have a german shepherd puppy and even he is not interested in this toy . We tried rolling it around for him and he was not amused . he ate the treats that fell out -LRB- like 10 at a time -RRB- and then left it where it was . Buyer Beware . It would be better if it was actually soft plastic but its hard and uncomfortable to play with for him . 1/2 star !
 Neither I nor my dogs could get treats out of this ! I shook it and rolled it every which way , nothing came out . It was n't easy to load , either . I tried it with tiny treats , it made no difference.I tried a few different times , we could n't get treats out of it , so the dogs quickly lost interest . My friend said it 's her dog 's favorite treat dispensing toy , so I gave her another one instead of tossing mine in the trash .
 We had one of these cubes for 3 years for our English Springer Spaniel . He loved it . One day he got his canine tooth stuck in the round insert . He immediately began howling in pain . He was howling so loudly while my husband and I safely detached it . I have never heard my dog cry this way before , or since then . We immediately threw away the cube . By the way , the cube was not damaged when it caught his canine tooth . It was a freak occurrence , but one we would never chance again . We were lucky .
 This is n't what I remembered of the original safari pin brushes . The design is different they use the pins that have the pin heads on it insead of the original straight pins . I do n't like this type of brush since the ends are what get tangled and pull the hair .
 The hay is rough and stiff , so it does n't work very well as food or bedding . It hurts to grab a handful and feels like very dry straw , so I ca n't imagine that my pet was thrilled to have it shoved it its cage . A large portion of the bottom of the bag is unusable `` dust '' because it is very brittle and packed very tight . It also left crumbly dust mess in the cage as well . My bunny ate it , but picked out the softer bits and left the majority of the hay untouched . The way he dug in it with his face made me concerned that he would jab himself with a pointy piece and hurt himself . This stuff is not amazing quality like they lead you to believe . I thought all timothy hay would be/feel the same , but I tried a different brand and it was much better quality .
 Have tried the loose timothy hay and thought this was a great idea . Our rabbit did not want anything to do with these cubes . The company was very kind and replaced them with the explanation that some rabbits are picky eaters . I received a replacement coupon to get a bag of hay for Manni !
 I ordered the cubes thinking the Alfalfa cubes would be shipped to me . I received the Timothy Cubes , which are different than the picture . The Timothy Cubes were harder than a brick . I would never give my 6 year old guinea pig old something old and stale . I threw them in the trash , and Amazon refunded my purchase .
 My bunny had a hard time eating this because the hay was so dry and it was too small for her to chew on .
 My hubby got a bag of this for our guinea pigs - it was mostly hard stalks - they hardly ate any of it ! What a waste
 I literally just received this hay and already feel a major disappointment . This stuff is extremely hard and stick like ; I can even tell that my guinea pigs are not crazy about this stuff . They like it for the fact that it 's hay , but it is not something they would prefer to eat regularly . Even the fluffy treats on the top of the stocks are hard and brittle and not as fun for them to eat . I can honestly say I will not be ordering this hay again and may even get in bulk from local areas . Kaytee can not be trusted .
 The hay in this bag is all sticks , and dust but no edible hay ; I can barely get the hay out with my hands without hay splinters . Your bunny should have a pile of hay to eat , lay in , play in -LRB- I fill a litterbox with newspaper + hay which I 've found to be the easiest for me , and most fun for her -RRB- . With this bag of hay , I tried this a couple of times and I got little splinters and cuts from the hay , and it worried me that my poor bunny would a. -RRB- be forced to eat this and b. -RRB- sit on it and get hurt . She did n't enjoy doing either . It 's a mass pet store brand whose consumables feel a little stripped down for my taste -LRB- and have found my pet bunnies over the years have never responded to their food enthusiastically -RRB- but I thought hay was something that should be easy , straight forward and relatively low risk . Wrong . Disappointing . I 'm not a bunny , a girl who loves her pet , but on a budget , and I wo n't be buying this product again . I 'd rather spend $ 5 more on a smaller bag with better quality . Shame on you , Kaytee .
 I have tried Kaytee Timothy hay numerous times for my rabbit ... because it is usually less expensive than Oxbow Brand . However , my rabbit , just wo n't eat it ... so I am better off paying more and having her eat ! I thought maybe it was just a bad batch ... but she consistently does not like it .
 My guinea pigs love timothy hay and usually feast on it all day long . I recently switched to this brand because of the price . Big mistake - they wo n't eat at least half of what I put in . Too rough and dry . Not saving any money if they waste half of it . Back to the better brands .
 Crushed dead animal in Hay bag . Also agree that most of the bag is wasted bc the cavies wont eat it . Threw out the entire bag because of dead animal . Disgusting . wont be buying kaytee products anymore .
 I used to have a rabbit and she eat a lot !!! My rabbit will eat the stalk and whatever I gave her . Now I have a guinea pig and I bought this same brand but he refuse to eat the stalk , he only eat the leaves , which is a waste because the whole bag filled with hay stalk . I believe this only good if you own a rabbit and if you own a guinea pig , look for other brand that have more leaves in it .
 Kaytee Timothy hay used to be good but nowadays the bag is full of hard grass stalks and sticks instead of the soft grass leaves . My guinea pigs dont eat any of it because it is too hard for them . I am switchig to Oxbow .
 Our rabbit loves timothy hay , but almost refuses to eat this stuff . She 'll nibble at it when desperate , that 's about it . Try another brand .
 Go to any Guinea Pig , Rabbit , or small animal forum and they will warn you about Kaytee hay and other Kaytee food products . Stick with Oxbow or pretty much any other brand .
 Update
 This is my first time buying hay for our two new guinea pigs so I have nothing to compare it too . Our pigs seem to like this but do leave some of the thicker stalks behind . Without having a comparison , it 's hard to say if this is normal or not . The next time I buy some , I 'll have to try another brand and see if there is a visible difference.So for now , Mordecai and Rigby like this hay . I 'll let you know if they love the next kind though . ***** So I just picked up some new hay , Peter 's Nature Hay , Meadow Mix 13.5 Lb -LRB- 12 x 18oz -RRB- and I was amazed at what a difference there was in the feel and texture . The Peters hay was so much softer . I have some of both in the cage now and I 'll see which one disappears by morning . I 'll bet it 's the Peters .
 Kaytee makes junk food for critters and this hay is no exception . Small critters need soft , fresh hay , but this hard stuff is only fit for horses . I have 7 guinea pigs , 2 house rabbits , and 2 rats -LRB- all rescues -RRB- . They all prefer Nature 's Promise over any other brand of hay .
 96 OZ for $ 15.99 ! That is not cheap , at least it is n't when it comes to my guinea ! My guinea would go through one of these a week almost so I would be spending around 64 $ $ just on hay for ONE month !! So I ended up just buying a 12 lb . hay bale for eight dollars ! Ive had it for three months and is not even close to being done ! :-RRB- Do NOT buy this ! Just go to your local hay and feed store to purchase timothy hay !! Also like the other reviewers , this timothy hay was not liked by my piggy !!
 Simply put . It does not work . Flies return to pester the dog within the minute you use it.Cannot find old brand that did work anywhere anymore . What a pity .
 For some reason flies have set up home base in my dog run even though I spray it down with cleaner and bleach regularly , wash my dog often and brush his coat , pick up his mess and wash away his urine daily . I 've even hung fly traps but they are in mass quantities , it 's frustrating . So I wanted to give my poor pup some respite and got this to spray on him and his bedding -LRB- that is washed and changed daily -RRB- but I can spray this directly on a fly and they come right back and land on his bed . I soaked his bed with it right after a washing , still flies . I 've sprayed my dog thoroughly and taken minutes to brush him thoroughly to make sure its on every strand of his fur , still flies come as soon as I stop brushing him . I used the bottle up just so as not to waste it but it did not work even a tiny little bit . I would n't buy it .
 I read the other 2 reviews hoping that I had found the solution to my dogs fly problem . I received the product and sprayed it on them -LRB- 2 labrador retrievers -RRB- and it is horrible , the flies are MORE attracted to them now . Ever since I put it on them there are more and more flies so now I am back to the horrible smelling swat spray . The Miracle Coat spray does smell good but attracts more flies ! I have tried just about everything , I pick up their waste all day long so it is not sitting around , they are bathed ! If anyone has any other ideas please let me know .
 The tolerable upper limit -LRB- UL -RRB- of manganese is 11 mg per day for healthy individuals . People who have trouble getting rid of manganese from the body , such as people with liver disease , may experience side effects when taking less than 11 mg per day . Source Naturals Hyaluronic Joint Complex supplies 10 mg of manganese per day if you follow the directions and take 4 tablets per day . -LRB- And I think you would need to follow these directions to get a therapeutic dose of Glucosamine/Chondroitin . -RRB- The daily Adequate Intake -LRB- AI -RRB- level for manganese is 2 mg per day.My multivitamin has 1 mg of manganese , and I eat wheat , oats , nuts , seeds and chocolate , all of which are rich in manganese . If I take this supplement plus my multivitamin I will be consuming 11 mg of manganese per day , which is the upper limit . The manganese in my diet would put me well over the upper limit . Symptoms of manganese toxicity include neurological disorders , including Parkinsonism . I want to try Source Naturals as an alternative to Flexacil , whose policy of not disclosing the levels of each ingredient irks me , but I do n't want to consume a toxic amount of manganese.Excerpt from WebMD
 These pills are huge , and the recommended dosage is 4/day . I ordered them because they claim to contain the combination of ingredients found to reduce osteoarthritis symptoms in several studies -LRB- glucosamine , chondroitin , and and manganese ascorbate -RRB- . After three weeks , they 've made no difference , but they may need a few months to work .
 I bought this product hoping it would help stop my arthritis pain . Did n't happenactually made my joints hurt more . Pain lessened when I stopped taking it , also pills are very large even larger than the omega capsuls I take . .
 I have taken glucosamine supplements before with some success and was looking forward to this product with subscribe and save and Prime shipping . However , I have had alot of difficulty swallowing these rather large pills . I have never had a problem with other supplements . I tried cutting them in half and then fourths and finally started chewing them . Believe me , they were clearly not designed for tasting .
 These pills are mega huge and you need to take four a day . The technology is out there to make a smaller pill , theseguys need to get with the program . I wo n't be buying these again because of the size of the pills .
 I was using source naturals 60 tablet HA before and got sucked in by the lower price of this bottle . No idea why this version is cheaper per tablet cuz it has the same HA plus extra junk you do n't need . Besides it 's a fricken horse pill.Now I 'm leary of taking a multivitamin because this pill has high concentrations of a few vitimans built in . I 'm going back to straight HA next time . BTW , HA really does work -LRB- for me -RRB- . I notice a big difference when I stop taking it .
 Do not buy these as the tablets are so large that it actually hurts rubbing against your throat every time you take one . I am a pro athlete and take a lot of supplements , but this one is the worst . In fact , I took one of this and that 's it , I am never going back to it and I am still on the lookout for a quality joint supplement .
 Although I absolutely ABHOR other Kaytee products -LRB- specifically their foods -RRB- , Kaytee is the best brand I have found as far as aspen bedding goes . It 's soft and MUCH less dust than others . The quality of their bedding is a plus in itself , but the value of this 8 cubic foot bag is amazing ! Even moreso because it qualifies for free shipping ! Thanks to this , I do n't have to spend $ 21 for a 4 cubic foot bag at my local pet store , and when working with 50 + rats at any given time , that 's a big relief . ------------ UPDATE , 7/19/12 I have lowered my review to 2 stars , mainly because of a $ 6 price jump . I have to buy 3 of these at a time , so $ 18 more every time I buy is ridiculous . The quality has also faced a huge setback , I am seeing a heavy dust buildup from this bedding in my cages , something not found from this same brand just a couple years ago . Why am I paying $ 6 more for bedding of lesser quality ?
 Was n't the right shred for me . It was like pine chips and does n't last half as long as the pressed fine shred does . I 'm just glad I bought two , wo n't buy again .
 ok bedding , although very inconsistnet and the bag always arrives broken or torn inside a huge box . also why has the price gone up ?? it used to be $ 21.99 now $ 27.98 ?? will not buy again unless price drops
 I know that when I receive the product I am going to love it . It is perfect and exactly what I need for my guinea pigs . But I ordered this product wednesday and normally things ship within 24 hours with amazon . But this still says shipping soon . I would like to receive the item asap because I would like more bedding so the cage can be more full but I do n't know when I will receive it . Probably not by the dates that it should come by . Is that what super saver shipping is . You order the product and it does n't ship for a long time ?
 Not all Amazon 's fault as the product is very confusing with given size and then the ` expands to ' size . This is correct that it is 3200 cu inch . However , I had purchased a very large package from a pet supply store and it was that size but then ` expands to 4.0 cu ft ' . So I clicked on the product image to see which size this really was -LRB- already expanded vs. expands to larger -RRB- . The image shows the same one I had purchased that expands to 4.0 cu ft. So I ordered 3 packs to get free super saver since the price here was about $ 4.00 less per package than at the pet supply store . However , when it arrived - it is the already expanded kind - As in - HALF the size of the one I thought I was ordering . This image is WRONG , it is NOT what you will recieve.That said , I called amazon and they did reimburse me 50 % of my costs since I only got half as much product . I will not order it again as this is not a good deal - at least around here , since I got twice as much for only $ 4 more at the store . Very happy with the customer service to resolve this so I did n't have to go thru the annoyance of returning it for a full refund .
 I am using these aspen shavings for years and was always happy with them . However , for several months now I think that the quality has definitely changed for the worst . The shavings are much rougher , not as fresh smelling , and very -LRB- ! -RRB- dusty now . I just wrote a complaint to Kaytee on their website . I am very disappointed and I will try to get a better brand .
 I would have expected that the Motor Mouse would be constructed in such a way that the cat could play with the mouse while sitting on top of the toy . My cat is average-sized , and yet her slight weight compresses the housing enough that the mouse will no longer spin .
 I bought this locally a few days ago and immediately installed batteries and turned it on . Our cats were completely puzzled and hesitant , and a little leary while they tried to `` time '' the super-fast moving mouse . Even after I stopped the mouse with my finger a few times to show them it would n't hurt if they stuck their paws in , they just sat there staring at it , so I turned it off and set it back down . Since then they have played with it for hours on end each day . I 'm going to take the batteries out to avoid wasting them , especially since other reviewers have said the batteries just fall out anyway.Safety issues : The unit is very lightweight , and the cats pull it around -LRB- into the walkway -RRB- so they can get at the mouse easier . This creates a fall hazard for their pet humans , but not unlike the Honey Badger , they just do n't care , lol . We humans have to look out for ourselves now that there 's a new mouse in the house ! Falling humans can be like falling trees ... there 's always that big boom and sometimes collateral damage ... but trees do n't have wrists and hips to break , so I recommend blocking the toy in or fixing it to a heavier base and placing it out of the walkways.The other issue that concerns me is , after just a few days the cats have essentially scalped the mouse -LRB- think reverse mohawk hairdo -RRB- and yanked its ears off . Apparently , the fur is made of thread-type fibers ... right now there is a completely bald spot the length of the mouse -LRB- which appears to be made of hard black plastic -RRB- , and a fringe of long strings -LRB- frayed during the fray -RRB- . Since the missing fur is n't loose on the floor or inside the toy , the cats must have swallowed it , which could be medically dangerous to them and could cause an obstruction.Like other reviewers have pointed out , cats like it just fine without batteries and will stay occupied with the toy for hours . They do n't use the carpet on top for scratching , but they do sit on it , which makes the mouse stop . The toy needs to be level to work properly ... so it does n't do so well set on top of the bed.There is no `` track '' inside to place a ball in case the mouse mechanism gets broken . All in all , it is a cheaply made toy with a number of faults , but the cats are crazy about it . Still , I 'm considering sneaking it out of the house and returning it to the store due to the issue of the cats ripping off and eating the `` fur '' and ears . I just ca n't let the cats see me going out the door with it , or else .
 So , I bought this at a local pet store . My cats loved it at first . The motor did n't really want to work , so I had to push it a bit to start it . It eventually stopped altogether after only a few days of play .
 Bought motor mouse at a pet store for the price and allure of a cool toy for the cat . I give it two stars for the idea behind it but only two stars because of the severe design flaw . As other reviewers have stated weight on top of the unit will keep the mouse from `` running '' . Upon further tweaking it is next to impossible to get the center sufficiently pulled away to allow unrestricted movement without a heat source to allow for greater flexibility in the pulling of the center . Save your money or take it back and buy a sturdier unit whether for more money or a smaller one for the same .
 The mouse moves about 90mph and confused my cat as to how to see it much less catch it . Then he put his paw in there and it stopped easily , then when he let go it was just a blur again . He likes it better with no battery and swats it around from time to time . He does n't use the top for clawing either even with catnip sprinkled on it - so I do n't know ; I wish someone would invent a motorized mouse that he could chase around the house - That 's something he would love ! He needs a real challenge .
 Purchased this for my two 5 month old kittens . I gather from the other reviews that there are several different versions of this , some with batteries . The one I received is manual and has a plastic pyramid in the center with a metal shaft imbedded in it that holds the mouse arm . The mouse arm has a plastic center with 2 metal rods that attach to the mouse . The plastic center has a small hole that slips over the shaft so the mouse will rotate when swatted by the cat . The problem is there is nothing on top of the shaft to prevent the arm from being pushed up and off the shaft , which is exactly what one of the kittens did about 15 minutes after I put it down for them to play with.It is not overly difficult to reattach the arm on the shaft , but it is somewhat time consuming to get the two aligned since you have to do so by feel rather than by sight . This could have easily been fixed had the shaft been made just slightly longer and a grove machined into the top of it so a C clip or a snap ring could secure the arm.Other than that , the cats seem to enjoy playing with it as long as I keep reattaching the arm to the shaft . Thus far , in three days the longest the arm has remained on the shaft during play has been 22 minutes . Would have rated it 5 stars had the arm stayed on .
 Not all Amazon 's fault as the product is very confusing with given size and then the ` expands to ' size . This is correct that it is 3200 cu inch . However , I had purchased a very large package from a pet supply store and it was that size but then ` expands to 4.0 cu ft ' . So I clicked on the product image to see which size this really was -LRB- already expanded vs. expands to larger -RRB- . The image shows the same one I had purchased that expands to 4.0 cu ft. So I ordered 3 packs to get free super saver since the price here was about $ 4.00 less per package than at the pet supply store . However , when it arrived - it is the already expanded kind - As in - HALF the size of the one I thought I was ordering . This image is WRONG , it is NOT what you will recieve.That said , I called amazon and they did reimburse me 50 % of my costs since I only got half as much product . I will not order it again as this is not a good deal - at least around here , since I got twice as much for only $ 4 more at the store . Very happy with the customer service to resolve this so I did n't have to go thru the annoyance of returning it for a full refund .
 I am using these aspen shavings for years and was always happy with them . However , for several months now I think that the quality has definitely changed for the worst . The shavings are much rougher , not as fresh smelling , and very -LRB- ! -RRB- dusty now . I just wrote a complaint to Kaytee on their website . I am very disappointed and I will try to get a better brand .
 I know that when I receive the product I am going to love it . It is perfect and exactly what I need for my guinea pigs . But I ordered this product wednesday and normally things ship within 24 hours with amazon . But this still says shipping soon . I would like to receive the item asap because I would like more bedding so the cage can be more full but I do n't know when I will receive it . Probably not by the dates that it should come by . Is that what super saver shipping is . You order the product and it does n't ship for a long time ?
 Was n't the right shred for me . It was like pine chips and does n't last half as long as the pressed fine shred does . I 'm just glad I bought two , wo n't buy again .
 ok bedding , although very inconsistnet and the bag always arrives broken or torn inside a huge box . also why has the price gone up ?? it used to be $ 21.99 now $ 27.98 ?? will not buy again unless price drops
 Although I absolutely ABHOR other Kaytee products -LRB- specifically their foods -RRB- , Kaytee is the best brand I have found as far as aspen bedding goes . It 's soft and MUCH less dust than others . The quality of their bedding is a plus in itself , but the value of this 8 cubic foot bag is amazing ! Even moreso because it qualifies for free shipping ! Thanks to this , I do n't have to spend $ 21 for a 4 cubic foot bag at my local pet store , and when working with 50 + rats at any given time , that 's a big relief . ------------ UPDATE , 7/19/12 I have lowered my review to 2 stars , mainly because of a $ 6 price jump . I have to buy 3 of these at a time , so $ 18 more every time I buy is ridiculous . The quality has also faced a huge setback , I am seeing a heavy dust buildup from this bedding in my cages , something not found from this same brand just a couple years ago . Why am I paying $ 6 more for bedding of lesser quality ?
 The color looks like a beautiful bright lavender on my computer screen , but boy is it different in real life ! It was a dull greyish purple . Also , the place where the color was stitched together was uneven and the end was rough . For the price I 'm not going to mess with return shipping . Maybe a local animal shelter will take it .
 I bought this collar for a large dog . -LRB- 120 # -RRB- Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to the end of the lead , the abrupt stop can jerk the steel ring up over the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to have happen around traffic or people who are afraid of dogs .
 I bought a large Hamilton collar like this one for a large dog -LRB- 120 # -RRB- . Chasing a squirrel in the park and coming to an abrupt halt at the end of the lead , the steel ring on the collar can be jerked up to put pressure on the release tabs and voila ! loose dog ! Not something you want to happen around traffic or with people who are afraid of dogs .
 I was overall disappointed with this product , did not see the results and I used it as the label stated . Ended up having to buy another product
 May be a coincidence . . But I fed nothing but Science Diet to both of my cats for 11 years.My 14 year old cat , Ollie , died in 2006 of Lymphoma of the digestive tract . A year later in 2007 , my 11 year old cat , Baloo , ALSO died of Lymphoma , but it was in the roof of his mouth.I joined Cat Cancer discussions online and found that MANY cat owners whose cats had died of Lymphoma had been fed Science Diet for most of their lives.Many sites on the internet discuss the link between diet and cancer in our pets.Well , for me , since losing BOTH of my friends , I have adopted two cats from the Humane Society , and will be feeding them exclusively ORGANIC , well balanced , wheat free , gluten free , by-product free food . I use Blue Mountain organic . I strongly recommend that animal lovers switch to balanced organic foods for their pets and let these mass producers of these garbage-filled foods go out of business !
 I am continually surprised that this food is rated as one of the best out there . Look at the ingredients . Cats are obligate carnivores , they require meat , not corn , not wheat , not brewer 's rice , not `` powdered cellulose '' or `` soybean mill run . '' None of the rest of these awful ingredients . Where is the meat in this food?Please do your research & investigate the ingredients in any pet food you plan to purchase . Your pet 's health depends on your knowledge !
 I purchased these dog booties as the ad said they were waterproof . I have found that they are not waterproof . Cute but did not serve the purpose I needed .
 This is nothing like the aspen bedding I 'm used to using . Rather than it being chips or shavings , its chopped into very small pieces - similar to saw dust . Much finer than shown on the photo . As a result , it does not fluff up and can not be tunneled through and the particles are so small that it can be inhaled into the nasal lining and lungs of anything living in it.Not a good value .
 I bought this toy because the other reviewers stated it `` lasted a while '' for their `` heavy chewer '' dogs . I have a Golden retriever that does like to chew , moreso then any other dog I 've owned . However this toy , literally lasted 5 minutes of him playing with it -LRB- to be honest it was probably less then 5 minutes of continual use , as he was n't always chewing on it during that time -RRB- , before he had the rope ripped apart into shreds.I had to take it from him so he was n't choking on strands of 10 '' long rope pieces . I do n't think I can return a chewed up toy , so now after 5 minutes of use I 'm out 5 $ . I 've had a few other rope toys that lasted anywhere from a week to a month . The rope on this one is just softer , its not hard , was way too easy for a dog to chew through.Would not recommend .
 I was looking forward to receiving this product to cut down on the seed all over my deck . First of all , this tray does NOT cut down on seed being scattered all over . There are holes -LRB- for water drainage -RRB- all over the bottom and the seed falls out of them . Using only sunflower seeds would probably solve this but not what I want . I taped most of the holes closed and that seems to be helping although there 's still too much seed falling out.Secondly , the WRONG BOLTS were included that connect the tray to the feeder . Unbelievable . 9 parts
 Please do n't buy this - do your research . Pine is toxic to small animals like rabbits and guinea pigs ! That smell good scent is poisonous .
 Why would anyone pay this much for 8 pounds of pellet litter when you can buy a nationally-available pellet cat litter for about $ 10 for 20 pounds ? That kind can also be used for pet bedding . What a ripoff !
 This wrap should be called `` the anxious wrap '' as it distressed my dog tremendously . Not only did he get nervous but he also bit me . I promptly returned the mini wrap .
 This sweater did n't work for our dog . He did n't like the feeling of being wrapped up . When we tried to return the purchase we were unable to get a full refund as this company does not provide them . We at first received a canned response from the company and a picture of the item as returned that did n't match what we sent in . We asked them to reconsider and got a short snippy message in return . This product is widely available . Do yourself a favor and buy from a company that wo n't make you regret doing business with them .
 I had purchased this wrap to hopefully control my dogs barking . She ended up constantly shaking trying to get it off , did n't help with her barking . I put away for many months , and just put it back on her to control her scratching by putting oils on her skin and now the wrap keeps the oil from getting on furniture . She still shakes but it is serving a purpose .
 Very small and not that thick , way over priced for something this terrible . Ended up going to the store and getting something worth it .
 I bought these dog booties because my dog has longish fur on his paws and when he plays in the snow he accumulates snowballs between his toes which hurt him . He got the booties for Christmas , and it just happened to snow that night . The next day we tried the boots and even though they were the right size and I had tightened the straps as far as they would go , they kept sliding off his feet as he played in the snow . The next day , the plastic feeder for the strap broke as I tightened it , rendering one of the boots useless . This product is not designed well for its purpose and has flimsy parts .
 I really had thought this would be a good product , most of the other reviews were very positive . There is no odor control at all , it does n't seem to clump very well and makes it hard to clean the litter box and I found I had to change the entire box out frequently to compensate . The cat did n't like it either , I 've taken to mixing it half & half with another litter until it 's gone .
 While it does definitely do a good job of eliminating the smell of urine , if you have a cat who is an indiscriminate nibbler , keep and eye on her when you try this stuff . My little tiger decided it 's munchable , so I ended up composting the whole bag : -LRB-
 Day 1
 I 'd been using Dr. Elsey 's for some time , but decided to give this one a chance when I was shopping at a store that did n't sell Dr. Elsey 's . This litter is worse in almost every way . It 's dustier than Dr. Elsey 's , it does n't control odor as well -LRB- in fact , the litter itself has an unpleasant smell -RRB- , and it does not clump as well . My cat tries to bury his waste repeatedly because he does n't like it either . It may be biodegradable and septic safe , but with the downsides I mentioned and the cost , I 'm going back to Dr. Elsey 's . I still gave it two stars because it clumps a little bit and is better than an average grocery store litter .
 It smell nature by itself , but ca n't cover the pee and poo 's smell at all . We even not finish this package . I only have one cat !
 I was looking for a larger bag of litter for my cat as we had just purchased a huge litter box , I was sold on this given that they claim that as long as you scoop daily one bag will last your cat an average of 72days . Well that seems like a great deal.My cat went right up to the litter box , sniffed then started to eat the litter . had to pull her away . a few hours later I find her eating it again , same thing , then I notice that she has pooped outside her box on her litter mat luckly . with in 24 hours however she is sick and vomiting . also has been producing very wattery stools . Threw it out as we did n't want to risk any serious injury to our cat.I do n't care how earth friendly this stuff is , or how great they claim it to be it 's the worlds worst cat litter to us .
 I , too , had great hopes for this litter . For me , it was n't the smell , which was bad , it was the tracking of fine dust EVERYWHERE that made my hardwood floors dangerously slippery . There was dust on my cats , dust on my clothes , dust IN MY BED . Totally unacceptable , unless you have a farm and your cats are outside , but , then , would they need a litter box ? Changed to my old litter after only a couple of days .
 I have been usingPrecious Cat Kitten Attract Kitten Training Litterfor my kitten . World 's Best Cat Litter , Clumping Formula was free with purchase at the pet store . It is something I 've been intrigued with , so I got it to try out.I mixed some of it with her cat litter and she was not a happy cat . She jumped in , to use her litter box but instantly looked upset . She smelled it , tasted it , complained and then jumped out without ever using it.I switched back to Kitten Attract and she jumped in before I had a handful of it in the box and did her business . Obviously , she was holding it in and could n't wait.I guess if I ever wanted to switch , I would have to use a separate litter box next to her regular litter box until she decides to try it , but I do n't think I 'll do that . She 'd probably sicken herself eating it before she ever actually uses it .
 I am not sure how this litter got the title of the `` World 's Best Cat Litter '' I found NOTHING good about it . It is very high priced which does not really matter IF it was the best available litter . The very worst factor is the lack of odor control . I have two cats and have never had a problem with the smell of the litter box but this litter was terrible ! The natural corn material might be the only good thing about this product . It has a money back guarantee so I will attempt to get my money back . -LRB- November , 2007 -- my money was refunded -RRB-
 I thought this cat litter was OK , but not great . I switched to it so my cats would n't be breathing in clay litter dust . Now they breathe in corn litter dust . Their little paws are completely covered in dust when they get out of the box . It cllumps very well and has good odor control for their urine but ZERO odor control for their feces . My whole apartment stinks after they go . -LRB- I also think it messes with their digestion when they clean themselves but that is just a theory - it seems like their poop smells a lot more since using World 's Best -RRB- . I tried Yesterday 's News very reluctantly because I prefer clumping litter . I was shocked at how good it is . I hate that you have to change it every week but there is NO DUST , it does n't track and it has fantastic odor control . I have two cats that share a litter box and they took to the Yesterday 's News with no problem .
 I gave it two stars because this litter is one of the best clumping litters I 've used thus far as it does n't break into little pieces from multiple cat use . This product is made from corn and when you first pour it in , it smells like corn -LRB- a little weird but okay , it 's natural . -RRB- It 's been three weeks and I ca n't take the smell anymore . Not only does it not cover up the smell of the cat poo but also it 's beginning to smell like rotten food . I wish they would come up with something that would clump this well that does n't begin to smell over time . I wo n't buy this product again . In fact , I will be dumping both litter boxes tomorrow .
 This litter is too expensive for what it 's worth ... it is more than messy , has a `` unique '' strange smell and I wo n't purchase it again .
 This smells terrible , even when the box is clean . I agree that it tracks a bit less than regular litter , but it is somewhat dusty -LRB- I find white paw prints all over the house -RRB- -LRB- and I have a litter mat -RRB- , and smells terrible . The smell bothers me the most , it is just overpowering . I clean the box everyday , but it is still bad . -LRB- I do n't think it is my cat being smelly , as with the regular litter , we did not have this problem . -RRB- If I did n't live overseas , I would send back my remaining three bags to ask for a refund .
 This was an awful experience . We have 2 cats who are easy-going and not bothered by too much ... we followed the directions for the WBCL and within 2 weeks they were using the floor near the litter box as a toilet to avoid going in . We cleaned out the litter and replaced it with a new batch ... same thing . We cleaned it every day after work - they would use it once and then use the floor . This was a huge disappointment and we would recommend starting with a small bag to see if your cat responds in a similar way .
 I have four cats and we clean out the litter boxes at least once a day . I have used this litter for a few months and I am not happy with it . The odor control does not exist . I almost want to puke when I clean out the boxes . The price is not even worthy of it 's performance , lumps break down and cause a permanent stench . And it tracks worse than Feline Pine . I am going back to Feline Pine because of it 's superior odor control . I also had people comment on the bad odor since I changed . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I tried this for a few weeks and it really smells awful . While I was away for a few days , the cat sitter went out and got something else because this stunk so bad she could n't stand tending to it . Not using it again . It was the first clumping litter I 've tried and as far as I know , it clumped the way it is supposed to .
 We used this litter with the Litter Robot as the Litter Robot website recommends it . It was terrible ! It clumped to the sides of the Litter Robot , smelled bad , and stuck to my cats ' paws in wet clumps . Worst of all , it produced this fine powder that settled on my cats ' backs , on our furniture and bedding . The whole house seemed to be covered in this fine powder that smelled like cat poo . It was horrible.We switched to the Arm and Hammer brand which I have used before , and all these problems cleared up .
 I loved Swheat , but thought I 'd check out the more-expensive alternative
 I started using this product a few years ago because I was allergic to all the other litters . It clumps ok , but is not very effective for controlling odor . But the manufacturers price is absolutely insane ! If I 'm paying a dollar a pound for something , it better at least be edible . I do n't mind spending money on my cats , I only buy them premium food . But this corn litter has simply surpassed the amount I want to spend for litter . Luckily , I have found a cheaper alternative here on amazon that I 'm not allergic to .
 I have 2 cats , one adult and one kitten and I keep their litterbox in my laundry room . I purchased the wbcl about a week ago and it has absolutely no odor control ! In fact , it has whatever the opposite of odor control is ! After just a day my boyfriend and I started noticing a bad smell coming from our laundry room which over the next few days got progressively worse . First we were afraid one of the cats got sick . When finding nothing we moved our washer and dryer thinking maybe the kitten hid food that spoiled under one of them . Unfortunately after investigation the smell was undoubtedly from the litter I purchased and has made the entire room and my cats paws smell like vomit ! It is seriously awful and unfortunately a waste of my money since I bought a huge bag of it . I highly would recommend AVOIDING this brand !
 I work at a pet store , and we 've used this litter for our cats in the store 's adoption program . I 'm the one who cleans the litter boxes every day . This litter may be natural , flushable , and generally healthier for your cat , but the smell is horrendous . I put plenty of litter in each box , and the cats have never had diarrhea . However , the smell from the litter is that of strong vomit , and it 's enough to bring me to the point of vomiting myself.If you live in a large house , or have your litter in an unoccupied basement , then this should n't be a major issue . If your living arrangements are rather small , then you should choose a different litter . I recommend Swheat Scoop and the Healthy Pet varieties in my high-end pet store for customers who want a natural product , and use Tidy Cats myself which I buy in Target because it has superior odor control .
 I have used Everclean cat litter for 6 years now , and found it excellent in the qualities of clumping , odor control , and low tracking . But , I 've had concerns because it is n't flushable and so means I 'm adding small bags to landfills every day . It also creates some dust when poured in or scratched about in.Based on the preponderance of reviews here , I 've tried `` World 's Best '' for two weeks , and I 've just given away what I have left . It does clump pretty well -LRB- for a non-clay litter -RRB- and is pretty much dust-free , as advertised . BUT , it is decidedly not low-tracking , and more importantly , starts out having a very peculiar odor . As soon as it is combined with cat excreta , the odor becomes foul . I tried abating that by mixing in half a box of baking soda . Very SLIGHT improvement.Then I tried mixing it half and half with another flushable litter ; no difference in the odor problem and the clumps were n't holding together.The litter box is in my one and only bathroom , and I just ca n't have myself , and my guests , facing that odor all the time . So I gave it away ; it may be less of a problem for cat owners who keep litter boxes in unused areas .
 I like everything about this product except for what I consider to be the most important thing
 I had never bought this litter before and did n't want to make another stop after visiting the feed store and this is the ONLY litter on the shelf , and I paid 10.00 for a 5lb bag . It did ok at first , but quit clumping after the 2nd day , and the corn started to smell . I used it with 3 cats , which quit using it also . I scoop daily . . not worth the price .
 Bad odor from litter when used just a couple times . There is NO order blocking agent . Just corn . Corn is biodegradeable yes , but it also rots and smells too . I ws constantly cleaning corn dust cat foot prints too . It does clump urine well , but the odor is not worth it ...
 I picked this up when it was on sale at Target . Bag did not look like the yellow bag now depicted here . They were selling black , with green or red.I mixed this in with my cat 's usual scented , powdery ever-available litter . He used it fine at first . Tried to move over to just this litter gradually . Then he began to have more and more accidents outside the box . Then the more I cleaned his box , the more accidents he had.I do not always clean out his box daily - but that was NEVER a problem up until I bought this litter . It smells if not cleaned daily . And the cat started to go elsewhere . Then even when cleaned , he avoided it much of the time . I began to lurk around the box to see if he would use it , and it was upsetting to see it had hardly been touched.Have just replaced it with his old , which is irritating to my sinuses , but much more irritating to have to detect obnoxious cat accidents throughout the house . Be careful !
 I knew it was a mistake as soon as I opened the bag . The stuff smells like a closet full over ravenous dust bunnies . It claims to be dust free but it is n't . After my cats leave the litter box they smell like this stuff until I can wipe them down . Every time I scoop out the clumps a fine layer of dust clogs my nostrils.It clumps poorly and does not absorb odors as their commercial claims . My cats do n't like it and often refuse to bury their `` duty '' after completing the task . I find myself cleaning out the box two or three times a day instead of the normal once a day simply because this stuff stinks and smells even worse once it has been used.They claim you can flush the stuff and I suppose you can if you want to flush your toilet three or four times in order to get rid of all the crud . The clumps dissolve on impact with the water and refuse to flush . I 'm afraid to flush it for fear that sediment will clog my pipes over time.I 'm very disappointed ; as are my cats . Going back toTidy Cats Scoop 24/7 Performance Long Lasting Odor Control for Multiple Cats Cat LitterTwice the performance for half the price and much happier -LRB- and cleaner -RRB- kitties . It may not flush but neither does this stuff!I 'm not sure where all these five star reviews came from because my bag is nothing like what they described . This stuff is awful . If I could give it fewer stars I would .
 Our cat has never been picky about cat litter ... until we tried this brand . He actually did his business in the laundry hamper instead of using his box . Switched back to a generic brand and no more problems . This was the only time he ever refused to use his box . He 's a very affectionate and typical cat without any behavior problems . -LRB- unless you count him burying his business with my favorite pair of socks -RRB-
 My 2 year old long-hair neutered tabby is very peculiar about his cat litter , and if he does n't like it , he lets me know by peeing on the couch . Yes , I 've taken him to the vet to have him checked for an infection and I 've tried putting him on kitty prozac , but it seems to be that he just does n't like most litters . I started using Cat Attract and quit having problems with him , but one day , I ran out of litter and had to go to Petco to get more . I had never been to this Petco , so I did n't realize that they did n't carry Cat Attract , so I got this `` World 's Best '' cat litter instead , hoping that my cat would like it . Not only did he hate it , I did too . It did n't cover up odors AT ALL and when I bent down close to it to clean out the box , the litter smelled like vomit . It 's the only time I 've ever gagged while cleaning the box . I would NEVER buy this cat litter again . It clumped just fine , but my boyfriend and I could smell the litter box all over the house even after I cleaned it , and I honestly only had the litter in the box for 2 days before I could n't take it anymore and threw it all out . What a waste of money ! I ended up going out and buying a cheap clay litter from the grocery store and my cat liked that better ! But honestly , check out Cat Attract . It 's so much better than this cat litter .
 I bought this to try because I have two cats and on occasion , if I 'm not up on it , the litter box stinks . At first I thought it was great , but over time , even when I scooped it daily , it had this odor that I can not discribe . I thought it was just me , but my husband told me he never wanted me to buy the stuff again and go back to the old which I did . So not as good as I hoped it would be .
 This product makes high claims , starting with its superlative title . I ca n't really speak to how well it clumps , I generally use non-clumping clay , but I can say this
 Maybe this is the world 's best cat litter for corn farmers because it 's so expensive . But our biggest complaint is it 's too dusty . When you shovel and rake it , you 're going to inhale big clouds of dust that blow up a couple of feet into the room . I do n't think the cats appreciated all that dust blowing up in their faces when they dug in it either , because they 've been avoiding the box that has this litter in it , and it used to be the most popular box due to its location when it had cheap clay litter in it . We wo n't be trying it again .
 I luckily got this product from a pet supply distributor I deal with to try for free . I am in the pet care industry and have tried pretty much every type of litter out there . I usually use my personal cats as test-dummies for new products and had high but reasonable hopes for World 's Best Scoopable Multi-Cat Litter ... So I do a full litter box clean out , scrub the box and add several inches of litter to the box ; the smell was ` off ' to begin with but I figured I 'd give it a try . Five hours later my husband comes home , uses the bathroom and tells me he thinks I need to clean the cat box ... he 's in disbelief when I tell him I just put brand new litter in the box . The litter lasted less than a week in my house , one of my three cats started urinating and defecating on the bathroom floor the first night the litter was in use and I finally could n't stand dealing with it anymore , cleaning up accidents & the smell throughout my house , of this nasty litter.I scoop the litter box daily , I absolutely loved the clumping of this litter , it was pretty much dust-free , and the product seemed to last & last unlike regular clay litters that must be replenished often ... Why oh Why must it smell so horrible ? My cats will use ANY box with ANY litter as long as it is clean , BUT WBCL is an absolute waste when your cat wo n't even use it !
 This was actually a disappointment . My cat tracked this stuff all over the house . It stuck to his feet much worse than ordinary cat litter . Also it does not ` clump . ' I will not be purchasing this litter ever again ! They have never used ordinary cat litter if they think this is the World 's Best !
 I too wanted my cats to have silica dust free litter , so I switched to this brand . While it may be silica dust free it is NOT dust free . It is full of corn dust , and I recently found out from a veterinarian that corn is an allergen that can cause chronic urinary tract/bladder inflammation . Guess what ? My cat has chronic UTI with no known source ... Also this litter does not last the amount of time that they claim . My cats track this dust all over the house and on our clothes if we are holding them -LRB- gross ! -RRB- and it has no odor control . One of my cats eats some of it and then throws it up . After several years of using this I am at the end of my rope . Not only is this NOT the Worlds Best Cat Litter , if your cat is allergic to corn it may be harming them , and it is expensive . I recently switched over to Dr. Elsey 's cat litter . I am very happy with it . It clumps well , no dust , some odor control , and far cheaper .
 Terrible cat litter!We 've never had a problem with our two cats pooping anywhere but the box untill we switched to this litter when Arm & Hammer discontinued thier flushable litter . Now , our cats will go anywhere BUT the box ! And if and when when they do , the odor control is completely lacking . We clean our boxes twice a day . And ever since Science Diet changed thier `` Light '' cat food , believe me , our cat 's butts STINK!And it 's expensive!Please , Arm & Hammer , bring back your flushable litter . Please oh please .
 I purchase a bag of World 's best clumping letter after reading all of the stellar reviews on Amazon . I ca n't believe we 're talking about the same product.This litter is dusty and high tracking . I have dark wood floors , and ever day I would have to clean the paw trail from the litter box to the rest of the house -LRB- yes , I also use a mat in front of the pan -RRB- . Plus , the smell is quite strong and offensive . There is zero odor control . I got to the point where I was cleaning the pan after nearly every use ! It did n't clump any better than every other clumping litter I 've used.Save your money ! Go for Tidy Cat multi Cat clumping litter . Trust me , it 's far superior .
 This product is just ok . The handle is very uncomfortable and too weak/flimsy for walking two dogs . I 've used it 3 times and do n't enjoy it .
 One of the toys fell apart after only two weeks . They are poorly made and are shoddily held together with glue . When I opened the package the eye of one of the mice had already fallen off , another one had a big clump of dried glue on the outside , and then after two weeks the green one fell apart spilling out its inside -LRB- catnip cardboard stuffing ?? -RRB- .
 Initially I thought this was going to be a great toy for my two cats . My female , Calypso , decided she was not interested in this toy at all . My male , Devereaux , was definitely interested in this toy . Like a previous reviewer , I pulled off some of the glued-on pieces in addition to cutting most of the tail off so my cat would n't pull them off himself and eat them.For the first three days I was impressed with how this toy was holding up . I did see bite marks in the foam from Dev 's teeth , but it was n't falling apart . The last I saw of this toy was when I saw Dev swat it under a sofa , and I did n't see him playing with it for the next couple weeks.Then I noticed Dev 's activity level had slowed down , and I would see him paw at the side of his face from time to time . Thinking he must have a sore tooth I made an appointment with our vet . The appointment was two days away , and in that amount of time Dev stopped eating or drinking water . Just hours before his appointment I got the first hint of what was wrong with him -- he threw up a small chunk of something pink . It was then that I realized that he had eaten this foam toy mouse ! Because it is made of a hard , dense foam , it compacted with his chewing , but then expanded again in his stomach . The foam acted much like foam ear plugs that people use -- you roll them into a tight roll and put them in your ears , and then they expand in your ears to shut out noise . After the foam expanded in Dev 's stomach , he could n't readily throw up the pieces of foam , and they could n't pass into his intestinal tract to be expelled that direction , either . Dev ended up at the local ER clinic having his stomach scoped , and they pulled the `` huge chunks of pink , rubbery material '' -LRB- their words -RRB- back out through his mouth . Believe me , it was one very large vet bill.If your cat is the type to play gently with toys and not chew on things , this toy might be appropriate for your cat . But if you have young cats who still investigate everything with their mouth , or if you have cats that are a bit more aggressive with their toys , you might want to find sturdier toys .
 I have ordered the natural mice several times . The last order placed recently was switched out for the fur mice . These have carpet like outsides and the tail is of the same material . My cat wo n't even consider them.When I have tried to choose the ` return ' option , I can not connect no matter what time of day I have tried . After 10 different attempts I give up . I am stuck with 12 mice . It is not just the cost of the item I am out , I am irritated that the product has been changed , but the description of the product has not been updated . What has happened to the ability to return a product that was not ordered ?
 My cats go wild for the small fur mice , and I assumed it would be much the same with these foam ones . But cats are particular creatures and the cat engineering specialist that designed these did not do enough research into the likes and dislikes of kittens . The mice 's hard texture turns my kitties off , they don not like to bite them . The shape is probably also not realistic enough , and although the these toys tumble well across a hardwood floor , my Misha and Kabanos have both decidedly said NO to the soft bite mice .
 I chose to switch my cats to Felidae after the food they 'd been eating for five years was discontinued and I had trouble finding something they liked that was safe for them to eat . Felidae seems to be one of the only brands not involved in the constant pet food recalls . I did start them on the non-senior variety and then moved to this when it was time to more closely watch their weight . They are healthy and shiny with fewer hairballs than they had in the past . UPDATE -LRB- June 13 , 2012 -RRB-
 My cat is usually not a picky eater but with this food she went on a hunger strike and refused to eat it .
 This pillow was pretty & soft but my Bull Mastiff chewed a hole in it & removed the stuffing within a few hours after I put it in her crate . The top part is nice & soft but the bottom of the pillow is a Very thin linen type of material , NOT durable for dogs who chew .
 I have a three and a half month old golden doodle . He LOVED these bones !! after giving him these bones for a few weeks . . the started vomiting . The package says that you shouldnt give to a `` stong chewer '' whatever that means . . or any dog over 6 months old . Also it says as long as the piece of bone they chew off is no larger then a grain of rice it will pass through . Well what i found is that there is no way of knowing how big the pieces are that the dog chews off . So thinking he actually COULDNT chew off bigger pieces of bone then a grain of rice , i let him go at it with the bone . Now that he has been throwing up for a straight 24 hours . . all that was left in him was the bone . He threw up a good HAND FULL of nylabone chunks . This has to be the worst puppy product i have ever used . I would not reccomend this product to anyone . My puppy is fine now that he has regurgitated the shards of `` non toxic '' plastic chewable bone . . my puppy only weighs about 18 pounds . . i would not consider this at all for any puppy over 10 lbs.Please use caution with these products read and re read the back label . . it is very misleading and easy to miss understand.I bought him this bone because a lot of web sites and research said nylabone was a good product for puppies ... i cant say that the DURA CHEW is bad becasue HE HATES THEM WONT EVEN TOUCH THEM AT ALL they come in the puppy pack with the flexichews in a three pack . they dog doesnt like this bone at all.If i could talk to someone from nylabone to try to get them to change the label i would.again . . as your puppy grows make sure you dont buy these ... the label says not for strong chewers or puppys over six months . . mine is 3 months and it made him sick.please you caution if you love your puppy like i do !!
 I got this for my puppy and he tore it up in 1 houre.it 's soft rubber . he war about to eat it .
 The packaging warns to not give this to adult dogs or puppies with adult teeth , and that you need to replace it when pieces larger than a grain of rice break off.Our puppy is n't even 4 months yet , so this `` puppy teething bone '' sounded like the perfect fit . No adult teeth . Before we even got home from the pet store , pieces larger than a grain of rice were breaking off from the ends.Don ' t bother .
 Do not buy this , it makes the puppies vomit . They chew off pieces of it and it makes them sick . The pieces harden in the dogs stomach and form a clump.If you love your pup do not buy this its dangerous .
 Yes this bone has lasted far longer than any of the other chew toys and bones i have given my dog . I owe that to one specific reason
 I got the lupine collar and leash for my new aussie pup . While the collar and leash was quite pretty , it was not a very usable for us as the collar was too hard and the leash clasp pushed in which made my thumb get in the way when trying to put the leash on the puppy . I tried getting a thinner collar , but the puppy still did n't like it and kept on scratching at it . I finally wound up getting at PetSmart a Top Paw buckle collar and leash with a clasp that pulled down which allowed easier attachment to collar . The collar was much softer and my puppy has taken to it easily .
 I got this for my pug-zu puppy because the one I originally bought her was too big , this one fit really good which is the only good thing about it . She did not even wear this for a week before I noticed it was completely frayed . When I did notice the fraying I took it off her only to realize that the couple of times that I had adjusted it -LRB- because she seemed to be gagging a bit -RRB- it was only loosening on one side of the collar , the other side remained tight , almost like it was a mistake in how it was sewn . Over all I loved it when I recieved it but if it 's going to be ruined in the first week , why bother ?
 I was not happy with this collar - it is way to stiff - it felt like it would dig into the poor puppy 's neck . I gave it one star because it is cute .
 I thought it would be more substantial than it is . It is not usable for us - maybe for a toy dog .
 My dog likes round rawhides , so I tried this as an alternative . He refused to use it.I 'll be donating it to the local animal rescue group . Hopefully a dog that 's less picky will get some use out of it .
 the package shows for `` powerful '' chewers . Well my 20 lb 1 yr old corgi chews these things right up . They get chewed up so much and so fast that they end up with sharp edges and sometimes i find blood on it from my dog 's gums ... and this is only after 1 week or so.If you have a ` powerful ' chewer , go for Deer Antlers . They last SO SO SO long and my corgi loves them . I guess nothing beats mother nature .
 I have 2 dogs . Neither of them is interested in this toy . They have a basket full of toys that they love using , and this one seems to be too hard/not interesting enough . Shame because they love playing tug of war with their other toys and I thought this would be ideal , but it 's definitely a no-go .
 My dogs want nothing to do with this ring . Unfortunately , I 've found it to be a waste of money . Better luck to others !
 i was astonished that this ` chew toy ' was , simply , a circular chunk of solid plastic ... if any dog spent any time chewing this ` toy ' the owner will need to shell out some serious moolah for dental work ... such a terrible item to be advertised as a chew toy ...
 I own a toy by this maker , however it is in the shape of a Doughnut . It is rated a 9 on their tuff scale and my hound dog had the squeakers out in 1 hour ... 14.00 dollars is a lot to spend for 1 hour of entertainment .
 My dog put a hole in it in less than a hour . He also pulled the stuff out of the other toy that took him 1/2 a day and that piece was rated @ 10 : -LCB-
 I got this for my 25 pound poodle mix . He tore through it in less than a day -LRB- about an hour of play -RRB- and was pulling the stuffing out , and the squeakers . It 's a shame because it 's a fun toy for both canine and human . My dog truly loved it more than just about any toy he 's ever had , and is beside himself since we took it away rather than let him leave a trail of stuffing through house . I know it says on the package `` There is no such thing as indestructible '' but it really should last more than a day .
 Sure your rabbit loves this treat , just like humans love candy , but this is extremely harmful to your rabbits health . No animal should be fed corn . Rabbits can not digest it and it fattens them up , ultimately shortening their lifespan . Just because you see bugs bunny eating carrots , it does not mean you should give your rabbits them . They contain so much sugar which is bad for a rabbit . Rabbits are just like dogs . They love to eat things bad for them and will eat themselves sick . Make better choices for your rabbit .
 I had the same experience as another reviewer -LRB- see additional listings for this leash -RRB- - less than five minutes into the first walk my dog popped off the leash ! We live in a city and she is not car savvy , so it was quite a heart-stopping moment . After getting her home safely , I tested the clip by attaching the collar and pulling it in the direction of the pin - it popped open and released the collar ring with very little pressure ! I had this problem with another leash , but -LRB- naively -RRB- trusted this one because it was from a ` good ' manufacturer - never again ! This appears to be another cheap , untested ` made in China ' product . I will never walk my dog without thoroughly testing a leash again and will probably go back to using a carabiner as an extra reinforcement on all my leash clips . The lesson
 I originally bought this leash to match the harness which seemed pretty good . My fiance was walking our puppy one night and was getting into the elevator when the leash popped off . He told me this and I got worried . We live in the city and cars do not care nor stop for anything or anyone . I bought another premier leash thinking that maybe the leash was not properly put on or that one might 've been defective . Since the company seemed like a reputable one , I bought another leash to replace it . This time I was NOT so lucky . I was walking my baby this morning and the leash just popped off . My baby knowing where the dog run is wanted to go and was running across a large avenue and was struck by a bus . She is now in the ICU of a veterinary hospital . How can a company continue to sell a leash that is NOT secure ???!!!!! What 's the point of the leash ?????!!!!!! These are our babies that they are putting in danger . PLEASE do not risk getting this leash it is not worth it .
 I bought a premier leash in 08 and it released my dog several times . Freaked me out . I 've had no trouble with the collar but wont be buying the leash again.The function of a leash is to stay connected to the dog . Whats up with that Premier ! NOT COOL ! Hope its been redesigned .
 The closure on the leash is poor . My dog escaped twice before I realized there was a real problem with this leash . The first time I had assumed I did n't get it fully attached to the loop on his collar . The second time he broke free it was a night on a very busy urban street . If he would have wandered off it would have been over ! We got back home and my husband and I tested it by attaching the leash to the collar and pulling . The collar repeatedly broke free of the leash with minimal effort . I have not used the leash since and certainly would never buy it again .
 I bought this leash at the animal shelter where I adopted my dog . Even though it 's only been a week , this leash has come off of his collar twice . As soon as I got my dog safely home , I sat and figured out what the problem is . The reason it pops off is the ring on the collar twists up against the trigger and pushes it back just far enough to release the ring . It WILL happen eventually if the ring gets in the right position . In my case , I was using this leash with a Gentle Leader collar . The ring on that collar is a very small diameter and round . I think this leash might work better with a collar that had a D-ring of a very thick diameter , but I 'm not willing to risk it.I have another leash with a smaller more rounded trigger . I tried the same set up and I was unable to pop the trigger.If you already own this leash , consider replacing it or figuring out a backup method to keep it attached when it does fail .
 Years ago I had a saxophone neck strap with that exact kind of clasp on it . After about the third time I caught my 1960 Selmer Mark VI tenor by the thumb hook , I scrapped the strap . The problem with that kind of hook is if you attach it to a small ring , the proximal side of the ring can push on the opening mechanism while giving the distal side leverage to push through the opening .
 I had the same experience as the first reviewer - less than five minutes into the first walk my dog popped off the leash ! We live in a city and she is not car savvy , so it was quite a heart-stopping moment . After getting her home safely , I tested the clip by attaching the collar and pulling it in the direction of the pin - it popped open and released the collar ring with very little pressure ! I had this problem with another leash , but -LRB- naively -RRB- trusted this one because it was from a ` good ' manufacturer - never again ! This appears to be another cheap , untested ` made in China ' product . I will never walk my dog without thoroughly testing a leash again and will probably go back to using a carabiner as an extra reinforcement on all my leash clips . The lesson
 This leash is poorly made . It does n't feel very durable , the swivel on the clasp looks far too thin and loose to withstand much stress . In addition , the clasp does n't swivel properly which causes the leash to tangle . Also be advised that the length may be incorrect , I ordered a 6 ' but it measures 5 ' 6 '' -LRB- which rules it out for obedience compitions -RRB- . I suspect this is a counterfeit , as the quality is not consistent with other products manufactured by Premier , it lacks the sewn in tag found in Primere 's other nylon gear -LRB- the leashes pictured on their website also include a tag -RRB- , and the packaging and labeling looked suspicious . You typically get what you pay for and if something looks too good to be true , then it probably is .
 This coat smells aweful ! I washed it three times after getting it in the mail and it still smelled toxic . I threw it out . I would recomend buying oil cloth or nylon fabric and learning to sew . Also I followed their size chart and measured my dog and it did not fit properly . This was a big thumbs down .
 This product had a toxic smell the minute it came out of the bag and still has the same intensity after three washings , four rinsings which included two with baking soda . Before we washed it , we tried it on our dog and the smell transferred to our dog . Even though it was on for a brief time , and we gave our dog a bath , it took several hours for the smell to go away . Do not buy this product .
 We currently have three cats and have been using Scoop-Away for more than 10 years . The company has recently changed from the -LRB- very handy -RRB- buckets to a new resealable plastic bag . This review is directed more to the new packaging than to the litter inside.While the litter still works as advertised , I dislike the new packaging and will be changing brands as soon as my current supply runs out . This is our third bag of litter and it is inferior to the old bucket in every way . The bag is harder to lift , the `` easy-carry '' handle hurts my wife 's hand , and it is harder -LRB- more awkward -RRB- to pour.I 've been owned by cats for more than 60 years and am of the opinion that litter is litter to a cat . As long as I properly situate the box and keep it clean , cats will do their part . Therefore , for me the criteria for litter is relatively dust-free -LRB- and this stuff is okay -RRB- , an agreeable smell -LRB- I can tolerate the scent -RRB- , clumping ability -LRB- and this clumps well -RRB- and convenience of use . The new Scoop-Away packaging is a step in the wrong direction.I gave it two stars because , while the product inside is acceptable , the new packaging is a negative feature and makes it a `` do n't buy '' for me.Dave
 I 've mostly used natural litters for my cat . I decided to save money and buy this litter on my last trip to the grocery store . Let 's start with the positives . This litter does , in fact , clump hard -- rock hard , in fact , which makes scooping waste a breeze . It also is effective at masking waste odors , but more on that in a bit.That said , this product suffers from the common clay litter problem of DUST . The first thing you will notice when you pour the litter , however gently , is the cloud of fine dust that rises into the air , coating the room . The next thing you will notice is the overpowering , chemically detergent-like scent of the litter . Get used to that smell , because your cats are going to permanently smell like that if you use this litter , as will the catbox corner of the room , and everything the cats lay on . Every time they dig they kick up miniature dust clouds that coat their fur . If the smell bothers you , just think about the cat that has to dig in and be coated by the stuff . And remember that `` rock hard clumping '' ? That 's what goes on in the cat 's gut when he licks his dust-covered fur . Maybe it 's safe enough , but I prefer my cat to smell like a cat rather than a box of Tide . I 'm using this bucket up and then will be filling it with the corn or pine-based stuff . Did I mention it comes with in a big plastic bucket with a metal handle ? It 's a nice bucket , but this is incredibly wasteful . Anyway , there are plenty of clumping natural and biodegradable litters on the market without chemical additives , dust , or overwhelming chemical scents . There is no need for rock-hard clumping , and odor can be managed easily enough by providing an adequate number of boxes and scooping twice daily .
 I 've owned cats for 20 years now . I recently got a new cat , and tried Scoop Away -LRB- scented -RRB- and noticed the changes with my cat immediately . Since using this product , she was washing herself constantly , and vomited several times in the vicinity of the litter box.As well , we have good noses -- and noticed the dusty smell 2 floors up from the litter box . Just now , I noticed the cat breathing more heavily , like she has a sinus infection.This is a nasty , BAD product . Air quality reviews should be done showing how toxic the particulate matter is from this product . Do n't forget that these small particles carry feces , urine and other toxic microbes into your ventilation system !
 This litter made my cat very sick , and looking at the reviews , I 'm not the only one by a long shot ! Switching back to Arm & Hammer immediately !
 I 've been a long time fan of this litter , but now that they have changed the packaging to cardboard boxes with small handles , I will look for another brand . Frankly , I ca n't lift the package without hurting my back and neck ! With the previous plastic tubs , the large thicker handle meant that you could lift the heavy tub with two hands , spreading out the load . The new packaging guarantees injury to customers . When you produce a very heavy product it is imperative that you protect the user who has to carry it .
 We have two cats that despite their small builds are big poopers with strong smell to it . This litter simply did n't perform well enough for our situation . We did not find it to be `` super clumping '' . Our cats ' fur would actually stink because they 'd get a fine dusting of this litter after going in the litter box and that fine dust would stink because it was n't clumping around and containing the odors of the # 1 and # 2 in the box . Onward to another brand in our search !
 For whatever reason -LRB- probably good pricing at our local supermarket -RRB- , we switched from Arm & Hammer to Scoop Away a few months ago . It seemed fine . A little overpowering but effective.And then one of our two cats started to lick all the hair off her stomach , then she began to lick and scratch furiously between her claws and around her head . After three very expensive visits to the vet , and courses of steroid treatments and flea medication , we were no further along . The cat was constantly throwing up hair-balls -LRB- from all the licking she was doing -RRB- and getting very thin . Then our second cat started to scratch madly and my wife and I were getting very concerned . One day , while working from home , I cleaned out the litter tray three times just to keep it clean . It was that day when I noticed that my arms were very itchy and I had breathing issues . I changed the cat litter back to Arm & Hammer.Now our cats are 100 % back to normal , no more emergency visits to the vet , the hair is growing back on cat # 1 's stomach , and no more hairballs.This was a scary situation . Vets and on-line discussion boards never touched on the cat litter as a potential problem but with our experience , I am convinced that Scoop Away was the root cause.I sincerely hope that this post helps other cat-owners out there who may be experiencing similar issues and have no idea what to do about them .
 So for weeks I suddenly started having issues with my cat and the litter box . It would be soggy , it would stick to bottom of the pan , would stick on the scooper and worst of all it would stick on my cat 's rear paws . He would drag litter into the bed and eat/pull of the debris between his toes . I finally took a closer look at my litter pal and it said Scoop Away not my usual Fresh Step . But how could one sand litter be that bad compared to another ? Well I went out and bought Fresh Step the next day and immediately the strong smell was gone , the soggy wet litter was gone . When my cat urinated it form a solid strong round chuck that didnt stick . Most important his digestive track isnt messed up as there is no litter to clean off his paws .
 Pros
 I have come to the conclusion that choosing a litter is something you have to do by trial and error and not by reading reviews . For every person that says it clumps great , there will be someone who says they break apart . Those who say it smells great will have equal reviewers saying it smells terrible . Some have said here that Scoop Away has low dust , yet I find it is the dustiest litter I have tried.I am a new pet owner - I have had my kitten for almost 6 months and in that time I have tried Tidy Cat , Special Kitty from Walmart , Arm & Hammer clay , Fresh Step and now Scoop Away . There 's dust with all of them , but THIS one is just out of control . It bothers me that this dust is in my cat 's fur and he 's grooming himself , ingesting whatever dust he 's collected . Also , I live in an apartment with a tiny bathroom so the kitchen is the only place I can keep a litter box . To have litter dust on the surfaces in my kitchen is unacceptable . I have just purchased Arm & Hammer Essentials - the corn based litter . I 've been mixing it in with the Scoop Away which has cut down on the dust slightly , but I really ca n't wait until the Scoop Away is gone.While I wo n't purchase Scoop Away again , I gave it two stars . One because it really does clump tight and two for the nice plastic container it comes in . I will be refilling that with whatever litter I eventually settle on .
 After a week in the hospital , my cat Amy is coming home tonight . She was apparently poisoned somehow . She 's an indoor only cat . After trying to figure out how , I suspect it was a product change in her litter . Scoop Away Complete added pink crystals to their product called Maximum Ammonia Shield , but they wo n't tell me what it 's made of . Proprietary ingredients . They have to protect their patent and profits . Anyone else have a mysteriously sick kitty that uses this stuff ? Wish I could give 0 stars .
 Yikes ! This litter has an overpowering perfume odor combined with dust that gets all over you ! When putting new litter in last night , it was especially bad as breathing became compromised and the smell plus choking was scary ! Even after I left the area I could feel AND smell the litter on me and taste it in my mouth , plus I started having neurological symptoms . I became itchy , tense , anxious and my body felt like pins and needles were sticking me all over . Oh , and did I mention a huge migraine headache?I purchased this clumping litter from Petsmart a couple of weeks ago because I had just purchased the Omega Paw Self-cleaning Litter Box here on Amazon . I had hoped for a high quality litter to use in the new box . I was highly disappointed!Before last night , I had limited my exposure to this awful smelling stuff but still experienced some of the above symptoms to a lesser degree . Today I ordered the highly rated Ever Clean litter from Amazon which is to be delivered tomorrow . I hope I 'm not disappointed.Moral of story
 The first time I dumped this litter into the litter box my whole apartment filled with dust -- it looked like fog . I can still smell it even though I threw it out . The morning after I had filled the litterbox with it both my cat and I were wheezing . And this was the perfume free variety .
 I used Fresh Step and Scoop Away cat litters for many years and was quick to tell any of my cat owner friends that they were the best `` bang for the buck '' litters . They clumped hard , making the chore of cleaning the cat box a relatively easy one . Sometime around 6 months ago , that all changed . Now , they form a sludge in the cat box that is nearly impossible to scrape out . The amount of effort necessary to clean the box could easily induce a muscle strain or hernia for those unfortunate enough to purchase one of these litters . Both products are made by the Clorox Pet products Co. . Consider yourself warned !
 It lathers well but the Vanilla scent is just about non existing . I have 2 poodles and prefer a shampoo that leaves them smelling nice . This one has almost no smell at all .
 They must have changed the recipe , my dog wo n't even eat this . Neither of the cats would consider it either . The formula needs to be reworked . Thus far , the only thing that has helped our older cat eat more is mixing bonito flakes in with his food . As cats age , they can lose their sense of smell . Bonito flakes are quite pungent and manage to stimulate his interest in food again . I recommend trying those instead !
 There seemed to be mixed reviews on this product , but I decided to give it a try for my finicky cat . She would not even try it . One sniff and she walked away . I will offer it to my other cats , so it gets used , but for me , it was a waste of money .
 I bought four tubes of Nutrition-Cal . Based on other reviews . I guess I have EXTREMELY finicky eaters . Neither would eat it and both made horrible faces at the smell ! One will eat anything ... except this!I ca n't rate it as good or bad ... Just disappointed it did n't work .
 My cat would n't touch Nutri-cal . The very strong fishy smell even turned my stomach . I wasted my money on two tubes that are of no use to me . If you cat needs extra calories , try baby food , the pure meat varieties .
 PICTURE OF PRODUCT IS NOT WHAT YOU RECEIVE . ORANGE COLORED TUBE IS WHAT I RECEIVED . MY CATS WOULD NOT EAT IT AND THEY LOVE THE VET PRODUCT . INGREDIENTS ARE THE SAME BUT THE TASTE MUST BE DIFFERENT . WASTED MY MONEY .
 I have one skinny kitty who needs some caloric and nutritional support . This product seemed like a great solution . Not only will she not touch it , but she can smell it if it is mixed into her wet food and it is so oily that she is able to easily flick it off her paw ; I can not circumvent her aversion to this stuff without force feeding it to her . Even the fat cat , who has been known to eat his own puke , wo n't touch the stuff . They both run every time I take the lid off the tube , making me wonder if there is n't something in it that has gone off .
 When I read that this was the fast food McDonald 's of dog food , I brushed it off as an over exaggeration . I even saw a whole page , maybe a yahoo answers where a woman said she was giving puppy chow to her dog , and EVERYONE like 12 people WENT IN , and told her it was the worst food any dog could have and to change as soon as possible ... . long story short , they were 100 % right.I got a new toy poodle puppy and started him off on this b/c I thought it was what he had been getting before . I promise you within 24-48 hours of him eating this stuff his coat quickly started deteriorating and dulling out , it looked sparser thinner and he looked kinda crazy actually , lol , and his eliminations/poo was dark black and hard as a rock . I could literally see a change in the health look of my dog . After a few days , I ended up buying some Pedigree for puppies -LRB- which most closely looked like the sample food he was sent with -RRB- and within 24-36 hours he started looking healthier , his coat was whiter , his eliminations/poo looked a lot healthier -- a brownish color and softer.Puppy Chow is GARBAGE -LRB- especially for breed that have long coats of hair -RRB- . Pedigree is in the exact same price point , but SO much better for your puppy . Until I find my little boy the perfect higher end food to eat he 'll get Pedigree Puppy Complete.Do not ever buy your puppy Purina Puppy Chow . It 's the food for puppy millers and strays ... just really really really really bad stuff .
 We brought home an 7.5 week old lab puppy and bought purina puppy chow since that is what the breeder was feeding him . He got a total of 2 cups a day split between 3 different feeding times . We did n't have any issues the first couple of days , but then we started noticing that our lab would dry heave in the middle of the night . It progressively got worse and worse to where it was happening every night or multiple times at night . When we took him to the vet she said that he was a little chunky for his age of 9 weeks old . We ended up switching him to a `` holistic '' brand of puppy chow and have n't had any dry heaving at night since even though he is fed the exact same amount , at the same time of day as when we had him on purina . Of course I am not an expert , but I think that purina puppy chow did not have the right nutrients for our puppy . It did bulk him up , a little too much according to the vet , but did n't have enough calories to really sustain him , especially at night . I am giving this two stars because I could tell our puppy LOVED the taste of the food and it did n't give him gas like his current food does .
 I have never tried this product nor will i ever but for those who are looking to purchase or who do , this dog food -LRB- i call it food loosely -RRB- is a crime to your dogs . its gross . filled with corn fillers and by-products and a whole lot of other nasty things.Do research on your dog food dont go by what comercials tell you , no one said they told the true.in fact most dog foods you see on television are awful.If you love your dog feed as it should be fed . educate yourself . would you feed your children a life diet of junk food full of atificial flavor , colors , and fullers ? I 'd hope not but thats what this food is . remember you get what you pay for , and paying so little for that amount does n't make you wonder ? Would you buy a $ 2 stake ? no , you 'd wonder why it was so cheap ... because it crap ! Good food requires dogs to eat less because their getting more nutrients from a smaller amount , so their eat less , poop less , and shed less . their skin and coat recieve more nutrients , they have firmer stool , and their overall body is being takin care of . Some better dog foods off of hand : Blue Buffalo , Orijen , Wellness , Nutro , Natural balance , Castor and pollux . these are just a couple of foods of the top of my head that are holistic and natural , but its important to research and shop around and find whats good for your dog . Hope it helps .
 The dimensions on this are inaccurate . They are measurements of the exterior size . . not the actual living space . A little small for a large rabbit
 this is a peace of junk dont buy i have it about 6 or 7 months and the parts that haing on the tank will break after a copel a month its a total waste of money and made wich cheap low grad plastic
 Beware that the paint used to color the hermit crabs will soak into the water dishes and the paint will kill them . While some stores encourage and say `` only some paints are dangerous '' , they 're totally wrong . Hermit Crabs are very delicate and can die from this stuff . If you 're asking `` why do n't they ban it '' , it 's because there 's not enough people that actually care and are serious about protecting these creatures .
 I bought this product at a grocery store because it was on sale , making it cheaper than the Fresh Step I usually buy . I will never make that mistake again . I have 2 cats , a 20 lb bag of Tidy Cats * just * filled my 2 litter boxes . Those boxes stunk like the dickens the very first time my cats used them . I dumped an entire box of baking soda in each box to try and fight the odor , but I had to change both boxes after 4 days because they were soaked with urine and my entire upstairs smelled like cat waste . That room still stinks .
 I am quite disappointed . This litter is `` perfumed '' with a nasty chemical smell that stinks up the entire house . The stench is obviously most concentrated inside the litter box where the poor cats have to endure it -LRB- I am surprised they do n't pass out from this crap -RRB- . I had to spread this stuff out in a thin layer on a piece of cardboard and let it sit outside for about 9 hours just to get some of the chemical `` scent '' to diminish . I doubt this litter actually `` controls '' odor ; instead , I think it just masks odors with its noxious chemical scent.It is sad how our culture has been duped into believing that the simulacrum an offensive odd chemical smell equates to a `` fresh '' scent.Also , the urine clumps are completely mushy . On the first day , I noticed my cat limping , apparently trying to get something off its paw . I found that the wet clumps stick aggressively to the bottoms of my cat 's paws which I have to clean off by hand .
 This did not work for our puppy . It left her with quite the upset tummy . It was the food she came home from the breeder on , but something must have changed when she got home . We have since made the switch to eukanuba and she is a much happier pup ! Plus , I am happier too since I 'm no longer cleaning up after her all the time ! As always , Amazon was great , but I would not recommend this food for your puppy .
 This dog food has all the ingredients you do n't want in a dog food - corn , by-products , etc. . For about the same price , Diamond has their Naturals line that is MUCH BETTER in terms of quality . Diamond Naturals Puppy food does n't have corn or by-products . I honestly do n't know why Diamond puts out this awful dog food when they can make quality ones for right about the same price - given the choice , who would take the one for less quality?Our puppy was on this when we got her , we bought a small bag and slowly changed her food to the Diamond Naturals for Large Breed puppies , and the difference is fantastic . We 'll stick with the Naturals , and never have her go back to this variety .
 This is a nice size for a reptile cage , because it fits nicely on an old changing table my kids have long since outgrown . It took a little effort to put it together , but that is reasonable . I would give this cage more stars if the door fit better . It looks like the holes for the hinges were drilled just a little bit off , so the door hangs at a slight angle . It separates from the base by a very small amount - about a quarter inch at at bottom of the door on the latch side . That small amount is just enough to let crickets escape . I do n't want crickets in my house , so I move the chameleon to a terrarium to feed him , and now that I think about it , it is just stupid to spend this much on a cage that does n't completely keep the inhabitants inside . So I just took away another star . I 'd advise the R-Zilla guys to drill their holes more carefully , and inspect their work before it ships out.Except for that little problem , it 's a pretty nice cage .
 While these shears look really neat , they do n't work as well as the stainless shears I 've had for over 15 years and only sharpened once . I was very disappointed as I paid as much in freight as the shears cost . I found out the Tisserand shears that I purchased before were a different manufacturer and no longer made.Live and learn .
 I did n't care for this product , because after a couple of hours of the dogs playing with it . It already had holes in it and looked that it would n't last long . The dogs loved playing with it . It just did n't last long .
 I could drive nails with this thing . My dog is 50 pounds and I am not going to throw it at him . maybe if he was 150 pounds
 First of all , I was not expecting these to be the hard plastic that they turned out to be . I ca n't let my dog catch these -- if she catches it , I can hear the plastic cracking against her teeth and if she 's a little off target , I can actually hear the thud when it hits her in the skull . They also do n't fly that well . The shape is great for tug , but the hard plastic makes tug not only unsatisfying for my dog , but worries me as far as safety . My dog did enjoy stealing one of these from the counter and destroying it . I 've been finding prickly , tiny shards of chewed up plastic for a month now . Since I know my dog likes to kill her toys , I ordered three of these at one time -- I still have two , but I let kids who come to visit play with them . They make great imaginary steering wheels and who knows what else for imaginative minds . As dog toys , however , I just do n't understand what the designer was thinking .
 Our pup enjoyed the idea of chasing the Omega disk but she had some trouble trying to pick it up . She had to use her paws to flip it up just to grab it .
 Have you ever gone walking through your home and screamed , `` OW !!! F % $ !!!! '' because you stepped on tiny shards of broken plastic ? I have , and it 's because of these toys . I can not emphasize enough how terribly they are made.I thought at first that my large male Russian Blue was to blame , tipping the scales at just under twenty pounds I figured his enthusiastic pouncing on the hard tile of the kitchen was shattering these toys . A little observation proved me wrong . The easiest way these toys are broken is achieved by a juvenile cat . My young Norwegian Forest cat would be happily slapping these lattice balls around the room and smack one into the wall . It would then crack in half . This provided great amusement for a young cat , convinced that she had rendered her prey incapable of counter attack she began to chew on the halves and splintered them easily . Quick reaction was all that saved her from a very serious bill at the veterinarian.Even if they are n't knocked into a wall simply carrying the toy in your mouth as a ferocious fluffy predator results in them falling apart - usually within 24 hours . The tiny bells then become choking hazards , the pieces break , and you the beloved owner walk across the floor to get yourself a cup of coffee and find your foot bleeding . Loud utterances of profanity also tend to scare feline companions , which is just another problem with these toys . Toys should make us happy because our cats do goofy and often hilarious things with them , not enraged or in fear for our cats health and wellbeing.I thought I might have a bad batch , I had received two -LRB- one single and some mixed in with PETCO Assorted Balls for Cats Super Value Pack -RRB- so not wanting to be a total jerk human throwing away pleasurable distractions for cats I tried to rest with the same result.There is no reason to buy these , they 're incredibly cheaply made and dangerous . You do not need to step on one to break it , any enthusiastic play by a cat larger than a kitten -LRB- over 5 lbs -RRB- will cause them to shatter or fall apart .
 Despite having the right size for my dog , and tightening these as much as I could , they still would twist on my Australian Shepherd 's feet . The lasted less than a weekend at the pool . He wore through the fabric quickly and they are completely useless . Disappointing .
 It took awhile to figure out how to get the boots to stay on my bichon . The front feet boots came loose easily . His right foot turns outward and the boot would keep getting loose on this foot . I could not get the boot to stay on longer than ten minutes . I was often adjusting it every five minutes or less . I did get the left foot boot to stay on longer . I am reasonably sure that I put these boots on correctly and tightened the strap as tight as I could . THE BIGGER PROBLEM WAS THE WEAR . After an hour walk the toes of his front foot boots showed wear along the seam line . The boots were worn in a combination of ice , asphalt and some snow .
 I ca n't decide how I feel about these booties . I bought them for my dog after she wore out her other pair -LRB- it was a different brand and was sort of hard to put on -RRB- . I thought these looked like they were much easier to put on and pull off of her paws , and that they just looked more secure -- and that they exactly are ! They are very easy to put on and slip right off , and she seems to be extremely comfortable walking in them . The only problem I have with these boots is that after just two months -LRB- which I did n't use every day of -- only on rainy , muddy days to keep her paws clean -RRB- , there was already a hole on two of the four boots ! The other pair that I had lasted over a year , and I expected the same if not longer from these especially because they were so much more expensive . It 's kind of a disappointment , and since I refuse to have to buy a new pack so soon , I just keep stitching them up until I give in and buy another . I will likely look into other brands and read reviews more carefully after this incident.On a lighter note , like stated above -- I DO absolutely love the ease of getting these booties on and off . Just wish they 'd last longer .
 WOW , I just received this and it is such a let down . It does n't look anything like the picture . Not even close . In the picture and the picture on the box it came in , the background looks so nice and light like real compacted dessert like sand ... HUH !!! NOT SO . You can see the black foam throughout . It 's basically black foam that looks like someone dabbed GOLD paint with a sponge only on the pertruding parts.That 's right ... GOLD PAINT . Not only is it ugly but a piece of the foam was missing and I found it in the box . CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP You get what you pay for . I wish I 'd ordered the more expensive rock cliff background for twice as much but I 'll just save for it and it 'll be my next purchase later on . UUUGGGHHH !! I WISH IT LOOKED LIKE THE PICTURE .
 Hagen makes great products -LRB- especially their Fluval series of canister filters -RRB- . However , this background is not up to their standards . As mentioned in the other reviews it is nothing more than a molded piece of foam packing material . It may be that this is the best material to use as a starting point for a background , but then it should be built up from there with quality coatings since reptiles with SHARP CLAWS will be climbing all over it . I installed this in a large terrarium that is home to our families two bearded dragons . From a distance it looked okay , not great . What happened next is the reason for a 1-star review
 ARE YOU SERIOUS ? ***** DO NOT BUY THIS **** This product is so lame . It is LITERALLY packaging polystyrene coated once with brown paint and brushed again with baby poo tan paint . **** LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE **** I can see the brush strokes like the manufacturer could n't give a single crap , and the polystyrene balls are clearly visible along with the ejection post marks.Not only does it SUCK COMPLETELY ... it is not 12 x 18 by any stretch and has cut outs in one edge.Didn ' t come with any way to attach it -LRB- not that i am going to -RRB- or adhesive.my baby cousins could make a better `` rock '' and as I 'm an INDUSTRIAL DESIGNER I know exactly what it took to make this and can make a better one in my kitchen with a breadknife , blindfolded , for a tenth of the cost.Unbelievable . Ca n't believe they charge money for this garbage.SERIOUSLY TERRIBLE and amazon just refunded me . Good grief . AWFUL .
 It was to small and I was not allowed to return it . . Very dissatisfied , unhappy . I do not recommend buying in the bulk they offer .
 Ordered two of these to put in my 55 gallon tank . Even with two pieces it falls short . The description says 24x18 , but they are really only 23x17 at the most . So I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do about the extra inches it does n't cover ... I 'm not sure how to install it with all the extra space . It also does n't look exactly like the pictures , the color is a little different . It still looks good , just a darker brown . For being made out of styrofoam it looks decent . If it was the right size I would have given it more stars .
 I got these boots for my dog because our yard gets very muddy in the springtime and it was becoming a real chore to clean off his paws before letting him back inside after playing . Three of them ripped within 5 sessions of just running in the yard . The boots rotate easily around the dog 's paws and I think he may have ended up with them on upside down , at which point the thin nylon on top does n't stand a chance . Maybe this is a fit issue , but I did use the fitting method on the Muttluks website . If you are going to get these boots , I would err on the small side , but overall I ca n't recommend them .
 I had purchased the yellow muttlucks at a local store . They took 4 months to wear out -LRB- my dog has orthopedic issues and drags her back feet -RRB- . I wanted to replace the yellow ones and thought blue would be nice this time . The blue ones were different -LRB- no anti-reflective on velcro band and have a `` v '' of anti-reflective on the top of the paw . The vecro band is also larger on this set . I am very disappointed with this boot . They continue to twist around so the top is on the bottom of her foot - they already have holes in them . No matter what I try , I ca n't get them to stay where they should , rendering them basically useless . Not surprisingly , she has a very difficult time walking in these.They had no brand packaging which makes me wonder if these are knock-offs . I just never had the issue with the locally purchased set .
 I purchased this product a number of months ago - while putting it together one side broke . I emailed the company and they asked for my address to send another -LRB- I expected to pay for it -RRB- . It never arrived , and I emailed them again - an excuse was made and asked for my address again.They never mailed the item - never asked for prepayment , etc. .
 Unfortunately , this was not what we wanted . Was in need of a bowl for our tree frogs to use as a ` pond ' . This was way too small and lightweight . Purchased a heavier and larger rock bowl for our tree frogs .
 This is a nice bowl for my Russia Tortoise . It is the extra large size and she enjoys being able to go walk up the ramp into the water . I am disappointed though , because it leaks through the plug in the bottom and gets the substrate all wet . Now I am going to have to spend money on another , or find some kind of a resin patch .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of information in this book . And it 's concerning that beginners would take some of the advice from this book . The information overall goes from good , to mediocre , to just bad and is just not consistent . On page 11 it states that you `` can judge the state of nutrition by feeling the bird 's breast . '' No , you can not tell how nutritious a diet is by feeling the breast . You can tell if a bird is fat , thin , or muscular but that has nothing to do with the quality of their diet . It only gives an indication of the amount of food or exercise they get . For feeding it recommend milk products ! Ducks are birds , not mammals , as birds they lack the enzymes necessary to break down milk and digest it . Nowhere in the wild would a duck naturally be eating any milk ! I do like the fact that this book clearly states that you should not feed bread to your ducks as this will cause health problems . The book also lists several wild birds to keep . In the U.S. and Canada all native birds are protected under the Federal Migratory Bird Act , these birds are illegal to keep as pets . This legal information is nowhere to be found in this book . Some of the information is good , but you have to already know about ducks to know the difference . And some of the information like how to keep the highly endangered Wood Duck could land you in a lot of legal trouble .
 First , my parrot -LRB- CAG -RRB- LOVES this stuff ! So , kudos to Pretty Bird for an exceptional product.My concern
 Correct me if I 'm wrong . I ordered what looks like grey/dark gray dishes . I got pink dishes . Absolutely unacceptable . I like natural looking environments when saving our rescued animals . OK , I lived in the San Francisco bay area and perhaps some areas and reptilians in that region might consider pink a natural color for their surroundings , but I do n't . I am also not a little girl , but I have no problem whining like one when I do n't get what I expect or see when I place an order . As far as the actual functionality and longevity of this product , it held up like Rock Hudson ; looked good on screen , but was a fraud in reality .
 Beware when you order this product . There is one suplier that has a slightly lower price , but the quantity is only 55 capsules . All the other suppliers were 80 capsules . My fault that I did not read carefully . This is a good product , I just overpaid for what I received . &#34; LET THE BUYER BEWARE &#34; .
 I had high hopes for this after reading many positive reviews . Unfortunately , my cat would not touch his food after one of these `` sprinkle capsules '' had been emptied onto it . I did n't make a real effort to administer the capsule whole , as it is fairly large for a cat . I 'm happy for those who had success with this product , and wish I had been among them .
 Not what I ordered . Most if not all capsules were empty or half-filled . Wonder if they even contain actual Cosequin or just filler .
 My 2 year old cat uses Cosequin for his bladder . The initial bottle we got from the vet worked perfectly and he no longer had urine crystals . A short time after we started him on the bottle we ordered from here , he lost weight , drank water CONSTANTLY -LRB- even slept by his water bowl -RRB- , had no personality , and was very lethargic . After about a month of this , we remembered one other review that indicated these pills may not be legitimate , and immediately stopped giving them to him . Now , after buying a bottle from Petsmart , he is back to his old self
 My veterinarian recommended this product for my cat , but the instructions say to open the capsule and sprinkle the crystals over the cats food which gets you nowhere . If this product is made for cats , it should be produced in a product a cat will eat or that can be gotten into the cat . A dropper and flavored liquid might work , a chewable treat or a pill small enough to hide in food might work , this stuff does n't . I 'm not about to taste these crystals , but the cats reaction seems to suggest they do n't taste good . Ergo , I bought two bottles and ca n't use them . Darn shame since the cat needs them .
 My cat has taken these for a year . They seem to be helping her arthritis . What else can you say
 Cosequin is supposed to work really well for cats with arthritis . However , I 've had 2 cats totally refuse to eat it , even if disguised in tuna or other meat . I 'm not talking , simple refusal . I 'm talking , the cat runs away . I wish this company would make the medication * tasteless * . Duh .
 After feeding Cosequin to my cat mixing with his wet food , he started vomiting and had recurring bouts of diarrhea . I tried feeding for 4 days , and after his apparent discomfort I discontinued and the side effects ended a few days later . If your cat is a picky eater or has a sensitive stomach ... be aware this may not be for your kitty .
 I ordered this cosequin because the price was terrific for the amount of medication I was supposed to get . The information for this order stated that each container held 80 sprinkle capsules . However , when the product arrived each container only held 55 capsules . I think cosequin is a terrific producted . I have used it for years for 3 cats and think in has made a significant diffence in their problems with arthritis -LRB- and with one of the three with a different condition -RRB- . However , I do n't like when a product is falsly advertised . Amazon needs to do a better job screening the products.Again , cosequin has worked well for my cats and I used the dog formula for several years with the dog I had .
 My cat has trouble with this medication . There are suppose to be no side effects but my 12 year old cat ca n't tolerate it very well . Initially got it at the vet 's for double the money Amazon charges . He was suppose to get one pill on his food in the morning and another in the evening . He does n't like it at all and I 've had to mix it very carefully to camoflage the taste . After monitoring him , I had to cut it down to half a pill once a day . His problem is it makes him have very soft , uncontrollable bowels . I 'm sure you know what I 'm saying . I did notice his arthritis was improving but I did n't like having to clean up the poop . I now give it to him once every 3 or 4 days , 1/2 pill at a time.I personally do n't recommend this .
 l thought l could tell that it helped after 1 month of using the capsule , twice a day . . but unfortunately l don ` nt see any difference ... maybe it takes longer . My cat is only 8 years , but his bag part is very stiff ... l properly have to take him to the wet . . :-LRB- -LRB-
 The problem with this supplement is the non active ingredients it contains including Red and Blue coloring . It also contains the surfactant sodium lauryl sulfate . I would prefer if this product had all natural ingredients . The coloring is purely for human benefit - it does n't affect our cats . I prefer cat food as well as supplements that are human grade and have no artificial ingredients so I have purchased the `` human '' version of this product and adjust the dose accordingly.Ingredients : Glucosamine hydrochloride -LRB- derived from shellfish -RRB- , sodium chondroitin sulfate -LRB- derived from bovine cartilage -RRB- , gelatin , natural chicken flavor , natural tuna flavor , water , manganese ascorbate , mixed glycosaminoglycans , magnesium stearate , titanium dioxide , FD&C ; Red # 3 , sodium lauryl sulfate , and FD&C ; Blue # 1 .
 Bought this on Amazon for half the price of the Vet 's office . Unfortunately the good news ends there . I had my 16-year-old male cat on this for a few months . Vet recommended it since he 's slowing down and his front paws are starting to splay out sideways a bit . I had him on it for a few months and despite being very hopeful given the reviews here I noticed absolutely no difference in his comfort or mobility.What I did notice , unfortunately , is that my cat was losing weight fairly rapidly , and I also noticed he did n't seem to be eating quite as much as usual . We did a bunch of tests to rule out the major concerns and everything tested fine . I stopped putting the Cosequin on his food and he immediately started eating his normal amount again -- guess he did n't like the taste much , so now hoping he puts some weight back on or at least stops losing . I sprinkled the Cosequin onto his dry food , so this might work better if mixed with wet food or if a little water is added to dry food -LRB- I did n't want to go that route -RRB- . Anyway , the combo of him not liking it and it not yielding any noticeable improvement are the reasons for my low rating . Obviously it 's worked for a lot of people but just wanted to relay my experience in case it may help others .
 I AM SURE THESE WOULD BE GREAT IF I COULD GET MY CAT TO TAKE THEM . HE WO N'T EAT ANYTHING BUT DRY CAT FOOD SO I CA N'T PUT IT IN HIS FOOD .
 Beware ! You may receive a look-alike product with no actual benefit to your cat !! Beware!I have been buying this brand Cosequin for my elderly cat for some time at my local PetSupermarket . It works well . The cat has been consistently relieved by it , walks much better , much less stiffness . Its benefits are noticeable within a day . I give him 2 pills a day sprinkled over his food , one in morning and one in evening.Then I ordered this from Amazon because it was cheaper . Package arrived with label on bottle looking suspiciously fake with different images and text , like someone made it on their computer . I tried this product purchased from Amazon three separate times and found it to have NO beneficial effect at all on my cat.This is a debacle and should be illegal . I will be contacting the Attorney General to have this product investigated . If you are the producer of this FAKE Cosequin then you better watch out because you are about to be found out and put OUT OF BUSINESS.Shame on you for selling fake supplements to pet owners in America . Shame on Amazon for not doing their homework in finding out where this stuff is coming from . God knows what the ingredients actually are .
 I bought this for my twelve year old cat , who is in excellent condition . I thought I would start giving him this supplement as to prevent any signs of aging and figured , if anything , it would n't do any harm . I would open the capsules and pour the powder into his usual mix of wet and dry food and he ate it all fine . Did n't even seem to notice . After the first week , I noticed he started getting bad diarreah so I immediately went online to do some research only to find out that one of the side effects are/can be vomitting and/or diarreah and some other ones . I immediately took him off it . I also did n't see any improvement but that might be because he was healthy and active to begin with . My advice
 I am not unhappy with the product , which seems to help with joint pain and even gets your pet to eat more of the food it is mixed in with , but the seller is a running one of the worse businesses I 've ever dealt with . Be aware that absolutelypets.com -LRB- also doing business as mypetdrugstore.com - never a good sign -RRB- charges your credit card when the order is placed , then delays shipping the order for some reason . When you call to check the status of your order , you will be told it was ` lost in shipping ' and that there is no tracking number . A later email from them told me they had TRACKED the parcel , but it was still lost . How can you track a parcel without a tracking # ? You will then be told that the parcel is to be re-shipped ` in a few days ' , but no such 2nd shipment is made.If you sign an agreement to accept credit cards , you can not charge a card until the parcel is within a day of shipping . I suppose if you wanted to get around this you 'd use the ` lost shipping ' or some other excuse - but why not just take orders and send them out ?
 made my cat extreemly sick . She had very bad diareha the 2nd day . I contacted manufacter and spoke to lady about problems , She said some cats ca n't handle the product . They sent my $ 's back for the product but not the shipping cost .
 These boots where destroyed within about 4-5 days of regular use . your probably better off buying a better quality product .
 Super Bark Free did n't work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor 's dog 's extremely irritating ear-piercing loud barking - he merely ignored it -LRB- though fortunately my neighbor was good about trying to keep the dog quiet -RRB- . I 'm mad that I wasted a lot of money on a totally ineffective product.If you decide to purchase Super Bark Free , be sure it 's returnable for a full refund if it does n't live up to its claims . And in the meantime , shop around for a more effective product .
 This unit works great . . for a couple of months . I do n't know if it 's the rain or heat -LRB- neither is suppose to bother it -RRB- , but after a couple of months , it simply quits sensing the barking . It gets to the point that you have to hit the sensor hole directly to get it to even trigger . In addition , the label starts to shrivel up . . a sign that it ca n't really handle the weather . I 've sent 7 of these back . . now Smarthome is smart enough to not even carry them . Stay away from this dog .
 This is a very large item for what it does not do well . It states a 25 foot reception range ; I think this is a bit over-stated . It goes off at any sound , not just barking . Did not seem to work.I tried the Dog Silencer Pro from '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' . Much better product . Lots smaller , has 75 foot activation range , responds to barking and has a variable output so the dogs do n't get used to it . Twice the price but worth it . -LRB- Amazon
 This product was totally ineffective against my neighbor 's constantly barking dog . I should have returned it for a refund , but waited too long . I do not recommend this product .
 The Super Bark Free Noise Deterrent does not work . Please save your money and buy a super-soaker water gun instead.If you leave the audible alert on all you hear is an annoying squeal fire off incessantly for no reason.My first unit died after a month , however , Smarthome did replace it without a squabble.The unit is not waterproof as far as I 'm concerned and the garden spiders love the horn to build nest in it.The dogs will bark right next to the unit , and my 4 little monsters even knock it over if it 's place near the area they love to bark .
 I have had my Super Bark Free for 3 years . Never really worked the way I hoped but I spent so much on it I keep trying . Well now it does n't work . Ca n't turn it off and it does n't cycle when the dog barks.I called Lentek and the pleasant young man on the phone told me if it was within the warranty period `` 1 year '' they would just replace it . I told him I was willing to pay to have it repaired . He said , `` We are just the distributor and do n't support repairs of our product . That is the key , `` THEY DO NOT SUPPORT THEIR PRODUCT ''
 i HAVE HAD THIS ITEM FOR ABOUT A MONTH.iT WAS EFFECTIVE FOR ABOUT 2 WEEKS ON MY NEIGHBORING DOGS . . i 'VE USED IT ALL THE WAY TO MAX LIMIT.tHE DOGS NOW USE COTTON IN THEIR EARS AND IGNORE THE `` EFFECT '' BUT ALL IN ALL I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS . .
 BUYER BEWARE ! This is a COMPLETE waste of money . It does NOT stop dogs from barking . As a matter of fact IT MAKES THEM BARK MORE ! I have 2 little dogs next door , and now that I have the SUPER BARK FREE , they both sit and bark AT IT ! I 've written LENTEK several times about this , and they simply tell you to set it on a different setting . -LRB- read THEY GIVE YOU THE RUN AROUND -RRB- It has now been set on every setting and combination that is possible , and there is no change . OF course it takes longer than the 30 days to try all these SETTINGS , and by that time you no longer can return it , since LENTEK will not budge one day past the 30 day guarantee . Do n't waste YOUR MONEY on this piece of JUNK . If you have one , I recommend setting it on AUDIBLE SOUND , as at least it might scare a burglar away ! It certainly does n't keep dogs from barking !
 the neighbor has a yapping mutt that barks night and day ... since the police wo n't do anything about it , i bought this bark free ... hahaha ... what a joke ... the darn dog barked more ... anyway ... it did zero for my problem and i consider it a waste of money ...
 Okay , read the fine print on the box . This thing only works for boredom barking , which I 've never heard of . Most barking from dogs is towards people , animals and really any kind of noise . Also , superbark free is nowhere near loud enough to be effective outdoors . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND DO N'T BELIEVE THE FAKE REVIEWS THAT SELLERS LIST FOR THEIR OWN ITEMS . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This product worked , but only when set on the audible noise , so we had to hear the loud beep -LRB- VERY annoying sound -RRB- . The ultrasound did nothing to stop the barking . Sadly , the audible was also triggered by lots of sounds besides barking . -LRB- Including me calling my kids to dinner , some TV shows and movies , doors slammed -- I have teenagers < grin > . This item is simply not effective in a busy household .
 It appears that the Lentek design -LRB- PC16 -RRB- is related to the Viatek products -LRB- Bark Stop Pro ; ASIN
 I purchased this product to help curb my dog from barking in the yard ... a habit he picked up from a couple kennel visits . I have used it for approimately three weeks , changing the height , position in the yard , and the utilizing/not utilizing the directional funnel . Although the sound seemed to annoy my lab for a second , it only lasted a second and he did not stop him or change his behavior in anyway . I do not recommend this product for stubborn barkers .
 This device might annoy dogs at first , but they will quickly become immune to the ` sonic ' assault . The hardcore yappers will just gleefully bark on like it was never there . This device is marketed to the poor saps -LRB- like myself -RRB- unlucky enough to live next door to a barking dog owner that just does n't give a damn that they are making your life a living hell . Do yourself a favor and save the $ 50 and :1 -RRB- Get up the nerve to talk to your neighbor . Be prepared with a reasonable solution . Be ready to compromise to some degree , the neighbor has the right to let their dog outside , but you have the right to some quiet .2 -RRB- Next , if you asked your neighbor to keep the dog quiet and you followed up with several request to no avail , it 's time to call animal control . Explain your situation to them and what you need done . Hopefully they can talk to the neighbor and get through to them that it is against the local noise ordinance to let the dog bark all day . The only drawback
 It 's garbage , and a waste of money . Does n't do what it claims , and is triggered by other extranious noises ... but not the DOG !!! Maybe check into a bark collar ?
 I would wonder if they are all boroken when they get to the distination.If they replace the trays it would be nice but i would n't recommend plastic .
 I received my play pen yesterday and attempted to set it up . The pieces do not fit together very well . The floor grate does not attach to the bars well at all . My two puppies were jumping and they collapsed the whole thing and ended up on the floor . The pans also do not fit well . They will not go under the pen until one pops on top of the other one . I now have the whole thing held together with zip ties !
 the Omega Paw WMSR Whirly Mouse Sr. is cheap ; the product was not even symmetrical preventing the ball from being able to whirl around properly . The flimsy plastic was not even sturdy enough to let my cats scratch the rugged area . I was very disappointed .
 This product did not work for me . Although this barley straw extract is marketed as an algae control product , to the company 's credit nowhere on the label do the words `` controls algae '' appear . After two months of usage according to directions , this liquid had no effect on the algae in my pond.The label does say that the product is `` organically formulated to promote cleaner clearer water . `` It did n't do that either .
 I bought this for my parents because they are watching my Westie for me for the summer . This product would n't work with the newer sliding glass door they have . It looks like its a quality product , but I 'm not sure how I could have known it would n't fit before I bought it . I 'm disappointed because I think it would have been really nice to have !
 If this panel compressed another 1/2 inch , then I 'd be able to get it over the lip of my door . According to the dimensions of the panel , this should fit ... the tracks in my new sliding glass door are about 77 '' , but the lips are too tall and the panel can not make it over.I replaced my sliding glass door a year ago with new vinyl doors , complete with dual-pane and argon gas -LRB- which helps in winter and summer as advertised -RRB- , but these have big lips to hold the glass in place ... hence the problem . Petsafe does not seem to have a smaller panel or a custom fit . Guess I 'll look at a competitor ...
 I bought a Petsafe Large Tall Deluxe Patio Panel for my dog . On the outside label it says that 1/8 inch , and 7/32 inch drill bits are needed for installation . I wasted an hour going out and buying the drill bits and when , today -LRB- Sunday -RRB- , I take the wrap off the door to begin installation , the instruction manual says that I will need 1/4 inch and 9/64 inch drill bits !!! Not the 1/8 inch and 7/32 inch drill bits as stated on the outer label of the package ! Not only that but the 7/64 inch drill bit that is supposed to be included was left out and so did not come with the rest of the door components . What kind of `` quality product '' is this ?
 I was suppost to recieve this product during the week of July 13th and it is now July 23 , and I have still not recieved it . So I can not tell you how good it is , except that I am most disgruntled that I have not gotten it yet ! I will have to do a search to see what happened to it !
 Although the idea of this door is a good one , the dimensions are not made for large/tall dogs . We have a 90 # greyhound , just under 30 '' at the shoulder . According the the description of this door , my dog should be able to fit through this door with ease . After installing the door it became apparant that there is no way that my dog will fit through this door . The top of the door flap comes 25 '' from the ground and the door is only 10 '' wide by 15 '' . If my dog , who is quite tall and thin could not get through this door , there is no way a 100 # thicker dog could get through this door . I am disappointed because it 's a lot of money to spend to be too small for a `` large-tall '' dog .
 I had a few issues with this door that I 'll be taking up with the manufacturer .1 . The materials - specifically the flap that is supposed to block any drafts from the sliding glass door being open , does n't stick very well . Ours fell down shortly after installation - despite following the directions . The adhesive strip actually stuck to the door , but fell off of the rubber strip . The result is that there is a giant draft - not so good , especially in cold weather .2 . The sizes are a bit misleading . I bought the small door because it said it was good up to 12lbs . My heaviest dog is 10lbs and I have a smaller dog who is maybe 8lbs . Well , our larger dog has to really struggle going through and usually hits her back when coming back in , and the 8lb dog just barely fits through as well . Neither looks very comfortable coming in and out .3 . You really end up doing a lot of drilling to make the door secure , and depending on how your current door is set up with it 's locks , molding , etc. , you will probably have to do a fair bit of jerryrigging to get things to work.In the end , you get what you pay for , and I 'm guessing this is why there are doors out there for $ 300 and up . I would recommend considering moving a size up if your dog is anywhere close to the maximum weight limit .
 I have three cats and bought two of these mats recently -LRB- it never fails
 I was a bit disappointed when I compared this to Musher 's Secret wax . The consistency of this was a bit `` watery '' , and when the dogs came back in the house , they left a trail on my carpet -LRB- again , unlike Musher 's Secret -RRB- .
 My young kitty avoided the litter box with Litter Magnet in it until the odor had evaporated . Fortunately she had another one . Since she prefer her litter box where it is very inconvenient , I 'm thinking of putting this in that box so she will use the other one.As with many cat products , each one has its own preferences . Many cats seem to like this .
 Does n't work worth a whit . All four cats refuse to use the litter box with this product present . Absolute Junk .
 This product is god awful ! My cats stopped using their litter boxes immediately ! I had a bigger mess to clean up than before .
 We bought this for our dog because it was supposed to be durable , stand up to chewing and last longer than regular rope toys . After one and a half weeks , our dog has the entire thing ripped apart and strewn about the house . This seems no better than any other rope toy for strength and durability . I could have gotten the same results for a lot less money .
 Chinchillas should not eat carrots , vegetables or fruit . They need timothy hay and a low protein alfalfa pellet . This product will not be healthy , and will most likely shorten your chinchillas lifespan .
 Please learn from our mistake -- a mistake that made our chinchilla very ill . My daughter purchased Charlie Chinchilla Food on a whim when I asked her to please pick up some chinchilla food for our 4 year old chinchilla . Prior to this purchase , he had been eating a rather boring -LRB- in comparison to mixed variety offered in Charlie Chinchilla -RRB- diet of pellets & Timothy hay.Our chinchilla seemed to REALLY enjoy this new food so we continued to purchase it for him . What we did n't realize is that Charlie Chinchilla Food is LOADED with raisins -- about 4 -- 5 per TBSP -- and other sugary treats . I wish I 'd have looked at the ingredients before we gave it to him . Since I did n't know this stuff contained raisins -- I was giving him either a raisin , currant , dried cherry or cranraisin almost every morning . He was ingesting waaay too much sugar ! Basically , Charlie Chinchilla Food is the equivalent to offering your child a buffet of candy with one tiny offering of vegetables -- which of course they 're not likely to choose.Our chinchilla had a seizure one night as he was playing . It was horrible to watch ! We rushed him to our vet which began a month long saga of 3 vet hospitalizations -- one of which was a week long , several medications , syringe feedings , x-rays , blood tests , etc. . His seizure could not be explained -- all the tests came back normal . He did develop a severe infection in his G.I. tract due to his not eating and drinking after the seizure . We had taken away the Charlie Chinchilla food because the vet said that he should be eating just pellets and Timothy Hay as his main diet & to limit raisins to once a week . They said we could also offer him greens such as lettuce & Kale . Our chinchilla did n't like the change in his diet -- thus , his refusal to eat and drink which caused his g.i. infection.When I made the change to Oxbow Supreme -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- , I read through the ingredients listed on Charlie Chinchilla and was shocked to see all the crap it had in it in addition to the raisins . I took a handful of the food to see how many raisins I could find . I found 14 raisins in that small handful . NOT GOOD ! I then got online to find reviews for Charlie Chinchilla food and found SEVERAL stories about how awful this food is and how it caused chinchillas to become extremely picky eaters and others to have seizures.We now firmly believe that the seizure was caused by a hyperglycemic reaction . Chinchillas should not be allowed to run around for at least 30 minutes after eating a sugary treat . Our chinchilla had been running around right after eating and he had found a raisin on the floor during this play time . We did n't think anything of it at the time but now we know what a bad thing that was . His seizure happened within 5 minutes of eating that last raisin.Over $ 1600 in vet bills later , we finally figured it out and are now on a mission to inform other chinchilla owners about how awful this stuff is . We also informed our local pet store about the problems caused by this food and they are going to pull it from their shelves . Please learn from our experience and be careful about what you feed your chinchilla . It could cost them their life -- because a chinchilla 's health can go downhill rapidly -- or it could cost them years off of their life . It has been difficult to get our chin to eat healthier and we are still working on getting him back to good health.Bottom line is , if you are feeding your chinchilla the Charlie Chinchilla brand of food -- you are essentially giving them a diet of pure candy & junk . Do n't buy it !!!
 After seeing on a dog show , dogs chewing on tire toys , we bought this toy for our 10 month old Rat Terrier . In spite of the terrible odor , we played tug with him and that was okay . Later we decided to let him chew it . In very little time , he had little pieces chewed off , so we took the toy away from him . Not long after that our puppy vomited . And since we are not as smart as our Rat Terrier , we played tug with him again the next day , and again let him chew it . And again our poor little puppy threw up . I would stay clear of this toy !!!! For your dog 's sake . It is not a chew toy , and what dog does n't chew ! .
 Did not hold up to the pet monster 's chew attacks . He chewed a huge hole through the rubber tire of this one and ate the rubber ... not a good look . Threads are also coming loose and the toy has a moderate rubber odor . Not a one star because virtually all other toys -LRB- except the `` ultimate dog bone '' ! -RRB- have been completely destroyed in a matter of minutes .
 As I sit here with my exhausted dog on my lap , I must say that this is a dangerous toy . He 's exhausted because he 's been throwing up all day after ingesting a tiny piece of the tire that he chewed off in under 5 minutes . Of course I took the toy away right away , but he 's been throwing up every few minutes since then . This dog is tiny with a very weak bite , can not imagine what kind of a chunk a larger dog would be able to bite off and swallow .
 my order was placed , confimation acknowledged , shipment date estimated . No merchandise received . Multiple attempts made the vender via phone and email . No response . I paid for 2 dog beds at MuttMart.I need help either obtaining my merchandise or getting a refund
 My dog will eat these but they are kind of difficult for his little teeth . He is still excited by the smell and equates them with Greenies .
 A $ 10 cat toy with $ 7 refills -LRB- my local price , or amazon + shipping -RRB- should last more than 24 hours . The stupid toy is MEANT to be pounced on and chewed , why is n't it made to tolerate that ? One of four feathers came off it as we took it out of the package , the other 3 were gone by next morning . MAJOR rip-off !
 This feather could not be used because the hook is metal and sharp . Not the one I thought .
 Just use a towel . I thought I got a pair of gloves for $ 25 , but they were $ 25 each ! It doesnt clean any better than wiping your dog 's feet with a towel .
 I had high hopes for this product as it had so many good reviews . However , I have a half full-sized Poodle , half Australian Shepherd dog - he has very thick fur , basically looks like a giant teddy bear . He is very athletic , we 've run every distance race from the mile to the marathon , most on trails , and he loves to play fetch in any weather - so gets pretty dirty . The Spotless Paw just ca n't even handle it and is covered with dirt after one leg , which is still dirty . I thought I would give it another try when I moved to Seattle - but it still did n't cut it.I suppose if you have a dog with short fur , it would be OK , but even when his fur is shaved short , it does n't seem to do the job . I just put him in the bathtub and use a handheld attachment to spray off the dirt . I am going to try to use it to dry him off AFTER the shower , perhaps it works pretty well for this - so I gave it two stars instead of just one , because perhaps in that case it will save me from using a full sized towel , if it absorbs the water from that .
 I was expecting 1000 tablets of 1000 mg each
 I have ordered Soft Claws from the retailer before and they have worked fine , lasting about a month . However the ones I ordered here on Amazon did not work well . They would not stay on and all had come off after only a few hours . I do n't know if the glue was bad/old , but they were not efficient at all . NOT SATISFIED .
 I bought these for a cat we adopted and while they stayed on , she was still able to pull loops up on carpet ! We rent and our landlord was very specific about the carpets . Our other cat was declawed , and I 'm pleased to say , NEVER once has bitten us or turned into a mean , nasty cat . I do n't think she realizes she has no claws 8 years later ! So , we took our new cat and had her declawed using a laser . She has no clue that anything occurred and seems fine ! Soft paws are not an alternative . They are useless . Think what you want of me , but I love my animals and I am not a cruel person . Also , there are more cats with claws in the shelters I went to than without . Why is that , I wonder !
 My wife being a cat lover insisted that to spare the cost of de-clawing and to save our furniture we needed to get these for our two kittens . I gave these 1 start because although we were able to get them put on one willing kitten , we quickly discovered that behaviorally it affected him more than not having them . These are not very easy to put on or take off for that matter . We took these off as soon as we could and invested in some scratching posts and are being proactive in trimming their claws . Works much better .
 None of my 3 cats will eat this even when mixed into wet food . Very disappointing because this is a high quality omega 3 .
 I was eager to try this product which showed as being in stock . When I checked out , however , I am told it is NOT in stock . Quite irritating .
 My cat had chewed these off within an hour of putting them on . Luckily I bought the blue ones , so I could find all of them.Maybe your cat is more tolerant of these , but mine would have none of it !
 This product is great in theory . The plusses are , the cat did n't notice them , they looked great on him , and while they lasted , they worked okay . The negatives are , the claws did n't last long -LRB- maybe a week for half , two weeks for the other half -RRB- and that does n't fly with me for the cost of the item . I do n't believe this is a viable alternative to declawing my cat .
 I bought these soft claws because it seems like a really good idea ... Not for my cat , all he has been doing is chewing them off , he is down to four now . I like the idea of these but I wish there were an easier way of getting them on and staying on ! Maybe its just my cat ... better luck to everyone else . Good product but just not for my cat .
 I got vinyl nail caps to curb the scratching -LRB- of me and of furniture -RRB- of two indoor cats . While they did this successfully and both cats are comfortable having their nails trimmed , neither cat took to them in the ways described by other reviewers . In fact , they mostly chewed at them ... both immediately after application and much later . Even after two years of continued application , the cats still occasionally chew them off , sometimes taking part of their skin or the root of the nail with them . This has produced bloody , sensitive paws which make me worry about infection and about how ethical they are . PAINFUL OPEN WOUNDS are exactly what we all try to avoid by not declawing ! This might be a rare thing and obviously does n't happen to everyone , but I checked the medical literature and the American Veterinary Medical Association website and found that the safety of these nail caps has never been tested -LRB- in fact the AVMA removed nail caps from their position statement on declawing -RRB- . Now I 'm stuck between risking pain and infection for my cat at least once a month and worrying about the damage they could do to people and children if I do n't . I urge people to consider a more humane option if one is available .
 In theory , these are a great idea , but in practice they 're really just a huge waste of money.We bought these because all our cats are adults and the vet said declawing is a lot harder on older cats than it is on younger cats . If you have a young cat , you might as well just get it , because no matter what you 'll save money in the long run -- either by not having to buy dozens of packs of Soft Claws over the cat 's lifetime , or by not having to replace your furniture , trim , and cabinets around the house.First , the part that may not be obvious -LRB- though it is mentioned in the product description -RRB-
 ive tried a few times now and both my cats have these things off within a few minutes . .
 I was initially intrigued by these . I trim my cat 's claws , but I forget sometimes , so I liked this idea . Also , it gives me a visual reminder when claws need attention , since they are colored . They are expensive , $ 15 , but I splurged on them anyway . I 'm not quite sure why other reviewers are complaining about them not sticking , the adhesive acts like superglue ! I had a hard time getting the glue in the cap , but I did get it on my pants -LRB- my pants are ruined -RRB- , hands -LRB- I had to unstick a couple fingers -RRB- and near -LRB- almost in -RRB- my eye . After that , they went in the trash . And , yes , as someone stated before this is a two person operation , but even then we had no luck . Best wishes to you , if you decide to try them anyway ...
 So I ordered this item and got it about a week ago , also ordered the suggested TDS meter which makes since if you are ordering a RO/DI unit . Got it installed tested the water PERFECT 0 PPM ! Now today -LRB- 1 week later -RRB- tested the water 117ppm ... WHAT are you kidding me ... that 's what my tap water reads . This ca n't be , this thing is new . I just the day before used it to make up 20 gallons -LRB- untested ... shame on me -RRB- for a 2nd aquarium that I needed to house some incoming fish that I really did n't want . Long story short I tested some distilled water 0 , retested water out of the BLUE line 117 ppm.something is bad with this unit.I LOOOOOVE Amazon , I 'm actually on hold with them right now as I write this . They are sending me a replacement ASAP . Yay Amazon , boo Coralife.Moral lesson , make sure to TDS test your water before using it ... ALWAYS !
 For the same money you can get a better unit with a TDS meter in it . My unit will not let the membrane seat properly so I ca n't get the water qualitity that I am suppose to . The hose connections are cheap and the plastic seat connector is quickly wearing out . I see ribbons of plastic come off everytime I disconnect it from the sink .
 It leaks . What else can I say . No idea what to do to fix or get help . Ver frustrating indeed .
 The 50 gallon per day membrane is not made by Aqeon and failed after two months of light use . I purchased a TDS meter when I got suspicious that the water was not pure . The water in my reserve tank measures 25 ppm . The hose connections are cheap and blow off when used with the shutoff valve and float also made by Coralife . I have ordered a Bulk Reef Supply RO/DI unit to replace this unit . My wife will not let me flood the basement again .
 Got it ... . opened it up ... and the Premium Thin Film Composite was missing . It looks like it might been a return resend back out ... box a little damaged.All the numbers given to contact them ... example
 After years of wondering why my dog itched more than most , it was 2 fold
 When I ordered this , I thought I was getting 12 suet cakes -LRB- because the description said so -RRB- . But you only get ONE . And $ 7 and change is a bit steep for one suet cake that costs .69 elsewhere . BUYER BEWARE
 What I suspected is true . cats DO NOT LIKE RUBBER CLAWS ON THEIR FEET . they fall off on their own or they get eaten off by the cat . I will have to clip their nails more often
 Every 2 months I have the soft claws applied to my cat 's claws at the vet 's office . Mostly I get the clear because my cat chews off the colored ones on his front paws . Dr Hart 's office called me today and said the red ones were a harder plastic and did n't fit as well and seemed smaller . They said this application would not last as long and not get the red ones again . Size medium is the size I always get . -LRB- I bought the red ones for the Christmas season -RRB- . I have n't had troubles with the blue or clear ones .
 I never did receive mine but I did get refunded for the entire purchase . I did however go and buy some from a local pet store and they did great for the first few days then as my cat rebelled they tended to fall off one at a time .
 I 'm very disappointed with this product . I am using Soft Claws on all three cats . I check all of their nails at least twice a day and replace the Soft Claws that have fallen off . But the cats are able to to claw and damage rugs and furniture while wearing Soft Claws . The long plastic claws actually seem to catch and snag some fabrics easier than clipped natural claws.Update
 Softpaws were easy to apply but 2 days after , my cat had gotten 2 off . I replaced those 2 with new ones . A few days after , another was gotten off . Every few days , my cat manages to get at least one off . He also got a softpaw hung up in a sheer window curtain . I purchased the right size for my cat and I followed the directions exactly . I figured the softpaws would last 4 weeks multiplied by 4 applications would be 16 weeks , but at this rate they might last a month . I will not purchase them again . Also , I found that once they were off , they could not be reused because they were stiff with dried glue .
 The softpaws fell off almost immediately . At the end of the advertised month that they are supposed to last only two are remaining intact . The edges get stuck in the carpeting which I would imagine is also somewhat painful or dangerous for my kitty . . I think I will just stick to clipping her nails every month !!
 My cat is already declawed but her back paws still destroy leather couches and wooden tables . The vet clinic denied to declaw her back paws so I had to buy those soft claws . It would work if she would not bite it all ... It takes two people to apply those soft claws and the process is easy . If you have a quiet cat that does not bite it , it might work for you . Unfortunately it did not work for my cat . I still insist on putting the soft paws on her , but she bites it , and it 's gone . I find them all over the house . Waste of money for me .
 EDIT : HOLY CRAP THIS WAS A HUGE MISTAKE ! The caps did not come off ! They grew with her claws and now are embedded in her pads . I had no idea this could happen . The nail had to be cut off above cap , and now her pads are bleeding a bit . She 's a pretty independent stand off-ish cat so I did n't notice it was a problem . I do n't know if I would have been able to pull them off had I noticed before they pressed on her pads . Common sense is to check on them . Do n't stop monitoring them after the first few months because they have n't had any problems and some of them fell off fine . Do n't make my mistake.July ' 12I bought these for my cat because she had been having trouble retracting her claws since she got older . Now she can join me on the couch without her claws catching on the fabric -LRB- or my legs -RRB- . She does n't chew on them or pay them any mind once they are on . They are very simple to apply . I found it easier to ambush the cat and put one or two on before she could get upset with my touching her claws . So far it 's been about three months and I 've only reapplied 4 of them . I do n't put them on her back feet mostly because she 's a little less accommodating when it comes to handling them and I 'm only so brave . I 've only used one of the glue applicators because I found that sticking one of the soft claws caps on the end keeps it from drying up and clogging .
 I got vinyl nail caps to curb the scratching -LRB- of me and of furniture -RRB- of two indoor cats . While they did this successfully and both cats are comfortable having their nails trimmed , neither cat took to them in the ways described by other reviewers . In fact , they mostly chewed at them ... both immediately after application and much later . Even after two years of continued application , the cats still occasionally chew them off , sometimes taking part of their skin or the root of the nail with them . This has produced bloody , sensitive paws which make me worry about infection and about how ethical they are . PAINFUL OPEN WOUNDS are exactly what we all try to avoid by not declawing ! This might be a rare thing and obviously does n't happen to everyone , but I checked the medical literature and the American Veterinary Medical Association website and found that the safety of these nail caps has never been tested -LRB- in fact the AVMA removed nail caps from their position statement on declawing -RRB- . Now I 'm stuck between risking pain and infection for my cat at least once a month and worrying about the damage they could do to people and children if I do n't . I urge people to consider a more humane option if one is available .
 While putting them on can be a challenge , I was very pleased with the initial results . However , my cats like to knead soft things and I found both of them stuck to items like pillows , blankets , curtains and stuffed animals . They struggled frantically to get them off , I 'm sure twisting and pulling at their claws painfully . It happened repeatedly so the urge to knead is greater than any ` learning ' from the bad experience.They may be OK for a cat that has been de-clawed in the front but not the back -- to solve the issue with leather furniture launch damage .
 We bought a couple varieties of these to protect our leather couches . They do the trick very well while they stay on , but eventually they always come off and you have to buy more . I found that simply trimming our cats claws with toenail clippers was much easier and more effective .
 I bought these for my kitten ... I was pleased at first until they started falling off ... it was a constant battle to keep them on all 10 of his front toes , and when they did fall off , he would damage the furniture , the thing I was trying to save . The deal breaker happened one day while I was at work ... he had gotten the `` lip '' at the top of one of his soft paws caught in a loop of carpet - when I got home he was yowling and crying and by the time I got it loose , he had dislocated his toe . $ 250 for x-ray and diagnosis , and I still ended up declawing him , as that was the only way to `` fix '' his dislocated toe . I would not reccommend these if you have any sort of carpet in your house .
 The item was not packaged properly and was sticking out of the box upon arrival . I was very disappointed in Amazon for selling a product in such a way .
 We have an infant -LRB- now toddler -RRB- in the home and wanted to ensure the cat would n't scratch him . It took us a while to get the cat to be still then attach ... In the end we did n't put them on and the cat has yet to hurt the baby .
 This item scared my cat so much she took off running every time I got near her with it . The reason is that , although it claims to be silent , it makes a faint , high-pitched whine that cats can definitely hear . Dogs might not mind , but my cat would n't sit still for it , and I 'll bet yours wo n't either . I wasted 10 bucks on this useless item .
 Do not buy this product ! The handle comes apart while you use the brush and it is not effective . Waste of money !!!
 I just received this product and the batteries that came withthe bird DID NOT WORK , so I purchased new ones and guess what , THEY DO N'T WORK EITHER ... . This is a horrible product .
 I guess should have taken a moment to read Lucy 's review above . One star is generous . I apparently just wasted my money on this worthless piece of crap . I initially thought maybe I just got a bird toy with a jacked up sound mechanism . After I read Lucy 's review , I see it 's more likely just a cheap plastic toy with a poor design that does n't perform as advertised . It did its peeping thing a couple of times , but I pretty much had shake the crap out of it to make it peep . And , now I ca n't get it to peep at all . And if I ca n't get it to make the sound , my parakeet darn sure wo n't be able to . The sound is pretty much the only reason I bought it . I could have saved a few bucks if I was looking for a fake parakeet bird toy that just sat there . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS WORTHLESS GARBAGE . -LSB- Oh , wait ... I just discovered the secret to getting it to work . You turn it off , turn it completely upside down , then rotate it back to right-side up , and turn it back on . If you do this , it will peep exactly ONE time before you have to do all of that again . It 's all very simple . My parakeet will surely master this skill in no time -LRB- insert sarcastic tone -RRB- . -RSB-
 I got it to give my parakeet some company since she 's alone most of the day ... She was so frightened of it I was afraid that she would have a heart attack if I put it in her cage , and that was after it had sat next to her cage for a couple days . I also did n't think it was a good representation of a parakeet ... . It just seemed so BIG , much bigger than my bird . Plus , the chirps did n't sound authentic and the same &#34; song &#34; played over and over ... the same few chirps and short song that lasted , maybe 2 secs -LRB- by counting &#34; one hundred one , one hundred two -RRB- . Got very monotonous ! Needless to say , I returned it . My bird will have to be happy with her mirrors and plastic bouncy parakeet head that bobs in and out of a plastic house . I ca n't put another real parakeet in with her , she would &#34; hen peck &#34; it to death ! Her &#34; would be &#34; cage mate was mercifully bothered by her continually until I separated them ... sad to say he -LRB- Jerry -RRB- has since passed away -LRB- he was 9 yrs old -RRB- . Sweet Pea is now 10 yrs old , and hoped that the &#34; Life-Size Singing Parakeet &#34; would give her a friend , for what time she has left , that she could nag nonstop without harming a real bird , but the Hagen parakeet died a fast death in our home . Not worth it .
 this bird looks real sounds real but the churps have no rest time its ongoing but I plan to hang it in a tree in the spring in hopes that it scares away squirrels from bird feeder
 Compared to the Kaytee , this bedding is hard and has large chunks of pine . The Kaytee bedding was soft and had very small slivers of pine . My son 's hamster has difficulty moving the Brown bedding around and appears agitated all of the time now . We 'll be switching back to the Kaytee brand .
 After initial assembly , there was a small leak on the back . I wanted to wall mount the unit , but the leak prevented that . I worked with an ESU -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- support engineer to resolve the problem . I cracked a part following his instructions , which made the leak worse . The engineer sent me a replacement part that did not fit . At this point , I gave up on asking the manufacturer for help.Finding a replacement part that fit was a major hassle as the instructions do n't include any sort of part list . Finally I located the part and replaced it . No sooner was that leak fixed than the increased pressure -LRB- from no longer leaking -RRB- caused another part of the unit to leak . By now the filter is out of warranty and I have to set it up on top of the washing machine so water does n't go everywhere . Every time I use it , I 'm tempted to throw it in the trash .
 My dogs love these treats , and I do buy them occasionally because they are cheap and perched at the check-out counter of our local garden/feed store . But check out the ingredient list -- I do n't think anyone can feel good about feeding their dog high-fructose corn syrup ! Just not the healthiest option -- when so many of our dogs are overweight , it seems better to feed them a real liver treat , versus this product which is `` made with liver '' . My dogs absolutely lovePro-Treat Beef Liver , Freeze Dried 14 Ounce -LRB- the larger size packages are more economical -RRB- . I just feel a lot better about feeding real freeze-dried liver that does n't have all the extra junk in Bil-Jac liver treats.Specifically , these treats have chicken `` by-products '' -- that means liquid slaughterhouse run-off and other non-human grade leftovers from the slaughterhouse . UGH ! Bil-Jac also includes three preservatives , glycerin -LRB- ?! -RRB- , and the corn syrup . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Here 's the ingredient list for Bil-Jac liver treats , so you can make your own decision : Liver , Chicken By-Products , Chicken By-Product Meal , Corn , Chicken Fat , Glycerin , High Fructose Corn Syrup , Propylene Glycol , Wheat Flour , Phosphoric Acid , Salt , Sodium Propionate and Potassium Sorbate and BHA and Citric Acid -LRB- Preservatives -RRB- , Iron Oxide .
 This product is another brand , Elastiant , and is also not 5 yards , but 2.5 . When requested , EntirelyPets refunded the whole order . But they do not even stock 5 yards of Elastikon .
 This is NOT Elastikon from Johnson & Johnson . The weave is different and the core is plastic instead of paper with the trademarked name on it . I will be returning this product and if necessary , disputing the charge on my credit card .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 I have a 15 lb dog and I originally purchased this since i thought i would have better control of it than using a toothbrush . However , after using a toothbrush , i have realized that i was wrong . this finger brush is `` one size fits all '' and was too big for my fingers -LRB- i have decent size hand -RRB- I would n't recommend it , especially for smaller dogs that have smaller mouth . . i do n't think this will even fit into really small dogs .
 This fingerbrush is made for a very large finger . Also if you have a small breed dog , this product is too large for their mouth .
 In the past , I used Petrodex fingerbrushes to brush my cats ' teeth . The brushes fit my finger perfectly and were soft and pliable . This new style is way too large for my finger and is too hard and harsh for my cats ' gums . It leaves their gums red . Do not plan to repurchase .
 This is one tough finger toothbrush , it 's very hard rubber ? plastic ? and will not flex when it is on your finger . The brush `` nubbins '' work well , but it 's uncomfortable for me to use in my 20 pound dog 's mouth . It 's bigger than my finger , and slides around while it 's on.I would not recommend this particular product .
 Just get a regular tooth brush it works better . Do n't waste your money , time , energy or frustrating the dogs . Forget it !
 These tooth brushes are a little too big for your average hand . The first time using it , I put it on my thumb because it would n't fit on any other finger . I have two small dogs , less that 10 lbs and they worked great for the front teeth . The bristles are nice and soft , but I could get my finger in the back of their months to clean those teeth at all . I ended up switching back to the kids toothbrush I have been using , and that works much better .
 way to small wont even fit my pinky finger , my index finger is 7/8 wide and 1.5 in to the first joint , where can I find a finger brush that fits , I need these for my 10 year old Miniature Dachshund , I am using a baby tooth brush now .
 had my dog on this stuff for a month or so . did n't notice any difference at all . definitely not worth recommending .
 The product worked well until the float filled with water through the seams . To inexpensive to send back , so I was able to separate the tank assembly and reglue properly . Works fine after my repair . Would not recommend . I used expoxy type glue which has held up for several weeks so far . Quality control needed by maker . Unit to an several hours to fill up with water . Very small leak .
 This is advertised as an Aqueon Coralife 05704 , but the box contained a TFC membrane branded as CSM with the part number RE1812-60 . It was in a bag with a statement that CSM is manufactured by Woongjim Chemical . The item shipped does n't even match the photo on Amazon . This one has a wide strip of white tape wrapped just below the top gasket , and the bottom o-rings are a different color . Amazon 's price for the Aqueon Coralife brand is about the same as everyone else 's . But everywhere I checked , the CSM RE1812-60 sells for half of Amazon 's price , leading me to believe that the CSM is a cheap substitute.The box is labeled with a UPC code that matches the Coralife-branded filter on several other websites , so maybe this was a problem with the supplier , or maybe somebody bought the real thing and returned it with a cheaper brand inside thinking Amazon would n't catch it . I 'm exchanging it and a new one is being shipped . When it 's received I will update this review when I find out if the correct brand is shipped this time .
 You do not get a Coralife Pure-Flo II Premium TFC Reverse Osmosis Water Purification System AND Accessories 24 GPD TFC replacement Membrane , you only get the memebrane . Should n't Purification System AND Accessories replacement membrane mean just that ? A system and replacement membrane ? It does n't ! You only get the membrane . What a joke !!!! Total scam !!
 It is impossible to consider this product as long as the ingredient list gives no information about how much of each substance is present . For example , is some hypothetical fat soluble vitamin `` X '' provided at 100 IU , which might be a safe and appropriate dosage of vitamin `` X '' , 1 IU , which may be a meaningless and ineffective dosage , or 100,000 IU which may be a fatal dosage . We do n't know . For that matter , is the information left off because they are failing to maintain stringent control of the contents , and they do n't want to be accused of providing dosing that disagrees with what they have specified?This may be a wonderful product . It may be a terrible product . Until they chose to provide specific and meaningful data , so that we , or our vets , can make a judgment , I would not consider giving this to my animals . Fortunately , there are competing products on Amazon which do have adequate information listed.It this product listing is updated with proper information , I will be happy to edit my review accordingly . It is not my goal to speak ill of what may -LRB- or may not -RRB- be a good product . It is only my goal to insist that we be provided the basic information needed to look after the safety and well being of our pets .
 This was purchased for an 11 pound Bijon-poo . It was was too big for him . It is probably fine for a larger dog , so I gave it to our German Shepherd ! We 'll see how that goes .
 My dog has yet to fetch this toy outside . I do n't know if it is the smell or what , but he will not play with it .
 I bought two of these toys for my mini schnauzer . I got them and they had a really strong rubber smell . It was enough to stink up my car . I figured I 'd leave them out to air . A week later , they still smell as bad . My dog takes a sniff of the toy and wants nothing to do with them . I wrote to the manufacturer to get suggestions on how to get rid of the smell , but they never replied.The other problem with toy is that it 's advertised that it floats . Technically , it does float but it floats just below the surface of the water . When I throw it in the water , the dog starts looking for it , but ca n't find it.For my dog , at least , this toy is not a winner .
 Saw this and though wow what a great price for three durable toys ! I should have known . Only one came in the mail and it was rather large - we plan to cut it in half . Although we may not have to , our dog does n't want to play with it , I think it 's the smell . We tried putting it in a large bag of treats overnight to help with the smell . She still did n't seem interested . We did stuff a beggin strip in the ends and she seems to try and get them out but other than that she is not interested in this toy what so ever . Our dog LOVES to chew on and rip up toys so we thought this one would be good for her ... we would n't buy it again .
 I was really excited about this toy since my 5 month old puppy loves sticks . I also liked that it was hollow so I could put treats or peanut butter inside . However , it lasted 5-15 minutes with him before he was easily able to start ripping rubber off at the ends and eating it . We had to take it away from him and throw it out . It 's pretty unacceptable to me that a 5 month old puppy was able to rip this up in minutes . I guess it might be good if your dog NEVER chews and only fetches , but otherwise steer clear .
 These sticks are n't a truely horrible product , but they 're definately not made for tough or frequent use . They 're certainly not for chewers and ca n't hold up to a lot of use . I own a year old lab mix who played with this outside with me for about 30 minutes before tearing the end of it off . I did n't expect it to be hollow either , which is n't good for long-term use . I would only recomend it to someone if they own a medium sized dog such as a spaniel .
 I rarely leave reviews but feel that I need to for this product . It just arrived in the mail and my dog has been playing with it for about 15 minutes . Initially , it was great . It was perfect to throw and she was having a blast chasing it . I left her alone for about 10 and was just forced to put it away as there is now green rubber peices all over the floor . Given , my dog is definitely a chewer but I expected it to last longer than 15 minutes . Would not purchase again .
 This `` ruff toy '' is not made for rough chewers . My english setter puppy demolished it quickly . It 's too expensive for a toy this short-lived .
 This product is way overpriced . The picture seem to indicate three stick would be included in the order , but just one arrived . It is a light weight product that clearly can be destroyed by any determined dog .
 What the heck are the dimensions ? Ca n't find them anywhere . Difficult to buy the product if I do n't know the size !
 I believe that you should indicate in your description that you only get ONE twig , not THREE for $ 10.99 . Very deceptive and disappointing .
 My dog immediately loved this toy , but he managed to chew it in half in under five minutes . He 's a five-moth-old lab and not a heavy duty chewer . I wish they made one out of tougher rubber !
 Got this to replace the tennis ball my dog normally swims after and my dog hates this toy ! Wo n't put it in her mouth in the house and not at all interested in swimming after it even though she loves the water . I do n't know if the material tastes weird in her mouth ? Total waste of money . Also - this Seller needs to improve their product detail page to give the buyer the option of selecting whatever color they want . Not all of these show up well in the water .
 My Lab did like it but the thing is too small for a Lab . He went to town and took out chunks . Would be perfect if it were thicker and longer . Was disappointed to see this small thing in the mail !
 This appears to be a decent product , but I really ca n't tell . Mine came with a timer that 1/2 the LCD did n't work , so you really could n't configure it or even set the time . From a slip in the box which describes this fault , It sounds like this is a known manufacturing problem . The worst part is that AMAZON basically abandoned me . They shipped me a faulty product and then said `` call the manufacturer '' . My suggestion , if you are going to buy one of these , buy it somewhere with a return policy , not through AMAZON .
 I tried to return the item and Ergo customer service made it so difficult that I just ate the loss and kept the item .
 I had this feeder for a year . I immediately recognized that the feeder would not survive my kitties constant pestering , so I built a 6 inch platform on which I placed the feeder and then encased the feeder and platform . This worked fairly well , my more persistent kitty was able to knock out a couple kernels of food out , but this just meant she would go with a little bit less than she would have had later . For a while this worked out fairly well.My first complaint about this feeder is the timer . You have to read thoroughly through the instructions to get the timer to function properly . The setup is fairly convoluted where one could accidentally put the timer on a random setting -LRB- null and voiding your preset timer settings -RRB- fairly easily . Also the timers have to be out of the way of kitty and children 's touch , as one button will turn the feeder on and will not stop . Lastly , if you buy more than one of these machines , the timers will not sync up . One will invariably run a little faster , leading to a painful monthly reset of the timer.My largest complaint is the unavailability of parts for the product . My timer -LRB- due to a malfunction or one of the kitties hitting the release button -RRB- dumped the entirety of the hopper 's contents -LRB- about ten pounds of food -RRB- right around the warranty 's expiration -LRB- go figure -RRB- , and jammed up the rotating auger , burning out the motor . Since it was a couple days out of warranty , I pulled the base apart and found that design of this machine is very simple . Get the new motor , replace a couple cotter pins and wire connectors , and she 's fixed . Problem is getting a new motor . The company refused to provide a new motor -LRB- I was willing to pay for it -RRB- , and stated that I could buy a new base at $ 75 -LRB- 84 % of what I paid for the entire feeder -RRB- or buy a refurbished unit at about the same price . Franky I considered both options a significant waste of both money and materials , when all I needed was the $ 5 motor -LRB- I would have paid up to $ 25 for it -RRB- . I have tried to find the motor online , but I can only find it in quantities of 500 + . I 'm going to cannibalize the working parts of the feeder and sell them on a popular auction site so maybe one or two others can salvage back their feeder.All in all the feeder 's a good concept , but the company has to accommodate the occasional need of parts to keep me as a customer . I 'll move on to another feeder .
 I put a Model 2000GS Ergosys Auto Pet Feeder into service on March 8 , 2012 , to feed my cat . While away in October -LRB- 7 months of operation -RRB- the feeder stopped dispensing food . The motor seemed to operate , but no food dropped . The company said I needed a new base and to send $ 70 for shipping . Many companies which serve Alaska ship warranty items for free . Ergosys would have none of it . I do not want to `` throw good money after bad '' and decided to throw the feeder in the trash .
 It is a shame that this wonderful concept is so poorly designed and constructed . The feeder worked OK for 2 years , then the auger would not turn consistently . 15 minutes on sometimes delivered 2 1/2 cups , next time delivered 1 cup ! And the plastic screw cover NEVER fit properly from day 1 . Read other reviews to hear how my cats learned to jiggle the delivery auger to steal food.Now it gets worse . I call ` customer mis-service ' and get the oft reported ` we ca n't sell the parts that would fix your broken feed mechanism ' . In my case , this is apparently a toothed gear that links the auger to the motor . They WILL sell a replacement for a ` discounted special price for a special customer ' . With postage , this price is HIGHER than what 's listed on Amaazon for a delivered new item . Then we negotiate , they make an exception and the price is essentially the same . OK they will sell the base for $ 70 + postage . More negotiation = no postage . Have they no shame!Back to the beginning - When this works it is a fabulous appliance . But you have to expect to buy a new one every 2 - 3 years . Or like a 1990 Jaguar , by two so you will have one to ride while the other is in the shop.I ca n't wait to see how he ` improved model ' works . For a couple of bucks added cost , they could make a quality unit which would last for the life of your pet . Too bad .
 The product does a great job , when and if it works . The motor is a cheap Chinese motor , which they do not offer as a replacement part . I have had two motors fail , after warranty of course . They do not repair -- the best they can do is sell you a new base , with the $ 3.00 motor , for about $ 70.00 . The timer is available , for less at hardware stores . Shipping is excessive -- I ended up paying $ 26.00 + to ship a small plastic spout -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- for the feeder.It is a great idea , it is just too expensive for molded plastic and a cheap motor . They need to do more testing.If you have problems , they are very hard to deal with . Customer service is a big problem . It is all about making money .
 Ordered two of these from another site and both worked for about 5 minutes and then no more . Very poor design and no quality control . The screw in the center of the feeder stopped turning on the first one and the power device has copper showing from the connections which even after we fixed that still did not work . A total waste of money - too bad because I loved the idea of timed feedings for our barn cats .
 The biggest problem with this item is unreliability
 I recently purchased a medium ERGO auto pet feeder . After some difficulty in understanding how to get the timer working , the directions are poor and the the buttons on the timer are not correctly marked , I got it working.All went well until on the second day of operation . I went downstairs to check on the feeder and the cat . Low and behold the cat had inserted his paw into the feeder spout and was shaking out cat food pellets . He would eat them and then repeat the operation . I then put my finger into the feeder spout and was able to shake the feeding device and get out cat food pellets.Needless to say this was not what I was lead to believe in the product advertising . Failure to make the feeder cat proof is a major design flaw . My cat is no Albert Einstein , so this will be a problem for others .
 I have always wondered that if you are a manufacturer and spend all those investment money to manufacture a product , why you do n't just spent a little extra time to test your product !! This feeder is one of those products that just do not deliver what they suppose to , because it 's clearly not tested in real life condition . First of all the feeder is easy to flip over . I took some time to screw it into a wooden board to make it more stable . But the second problem is even worse . It does n't take long for a cat -LRB- cats are naturally designed to stick their paws into all kinds of holes -RRB- to figure out how to get into the the dispenser opening and jiggle it long enough to get the food to come out . I have tried many ways to glue things and devise some king of protection but all failed in the end . Then the timer got out of control and time just kept changing . Resetting it did n't help . I got a new timer from a hardware store but the feeder 's motor stopped working soon after . What can I say . Do n't spent money on this junk .
 I have a 15lb Miniature Pinscher , This dog tie broke within 2 months of ownership . The dog was easily able to chew past the plastic and then bend the metal to snapping point . I have had better luck with a $ 6 chain from walmart .
 I returned the product because I was not happy with the quality of the merchandise and their post on Amazon was misleading . The person that was supposed to process my return refunded me less than half of what I paid stating that this was because they did not refund shipping and handling . When I checked my Amazon account and saw that I had actually paid BOTH ways for shipping and handling even when I returned the product in perfect condition able to be resold ... he told me SORRY read our policy we do n't refund shipping -LRB- they also bumped up the cost of shipping even though I paid less to ship the product back and kept the money -RRB- ... PRODUCT IS OF UNSATISFACTORY manufacturing and the customer service is UNSATISFACTORY . THIS IS BAD BUSINESS AT ITS WORST
 Nice looking Cage IF you could actually get it non bent and broken.This was the 1st of 3 cages so far to arrive bent and broken , The packing is real bad so when it arrives it is junk and unusable.This was the 1st , Then I got another one , Same Manufacturers as this cage , Both of those , same thing again , Bent and Broken.All if them sold by amazon as a seller.Amazon is now Looking into it removed the other cage from there listing , But not this one , So I thought I should warn the Unsuspecting people that my get there hopes up about this cage.unless Amazon packs this one different as well it will always arrive bent and broken Just like all 3 of mine did.Im now waiting till next week , for them to get there investigation done , so they can pack it better and Hopefully FINALLY get my cage Unbroken !! Here is a link to the other cage-http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006G5IC8/ref=oss_product
 I was hoping that the previous review saying `` Amazon has fixed its packaging issues for this item '' was correct ... not even.Outer box looked like it 'd been hit by a bus . Box containing all the hardware an accessories was shoddily taped together , and all the stuff was just in there loose . There were stray washers floating around in the outer box . Instructions are a joke . There 're like a dozen long bolts , a dozen short bolts , and nine washers . No indication on which bolts to use where , or where washers should be used.During assembly , noticed one square upright post had abrasions and chips in the finish -LRB- which will allow it to rust -RRB- . The rear panel had a number of bent bars with cracks in the finish -LRB- ditto -RRB- . Figured I could fix those issues with pliers and the included touch-up paint , continued assembling.Slide-out bottom tray has a badly bent-up glide . Eh , I can probably fix that as well , or it 'll still at least * function * . Front cage door was swinging open , went to latch it before I put side panels in . The latch promptly ejected its pin , spring , and some kind of washer-looking thing that -LRB- I think -RRB- is supposed to be welded to the latch housing . Maybe I can fix that too ? Keep going.With all four casters installed properly and pushed all the way in , the cage does not stand level . The whole thing is wobbly . Spun it around to see if it was maybe due to the floor not being level , and one of the -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- casters shattered.Also ? The latch assembly is screwed to the cage door with EXTREMELY SHARP metal screws that are COMPLETELY ACCESSIBLE from inside the cage -- your bird could very easily tear its foot open on one . Or leg , or tongue , if he decides to bite it.Anyway . I spent an hour unpacking this thing and putting it -LSB- mostly -RSB- together , and another hour taking it back apart and repacking -LRB- much better than how it arrived -RRB- . It 's going back tomorrow . Seriously , this is the worst $ 300 I ever spent . Packaging issues aside , Amazon should straight-up stop carrying this item , or anything else from this brand . Shoddy welds , shoddy assembly , and the dangerous sharp screws on the inner latch facing ... this is not a good product . This is not even an acceptable product . It is objectively a BAD product . Badly made , badly packaged , BAD .
 The feeder itself is an ok concept , but the control unit is awful . As an engineer/programmer , it is obvious to me that an idiot wrote the logic for the control unit . There are so many ways that will bring the unit into a bad state . There have been too many times when I come home , and all the contents of the feeder are completely on the outside of the unit . I had to clean up the mess and scoop it back into the container . Hopefully they have improved the control unit by now , but otherwise , I would n't waste $ 100 on this unit.And also , the container is not air tight , so I have had ants swarming inside the container and I had to throw out all the food to get rid of them .
 My dog likes it but it is not really jerky . It is more like small bits of dusty scraps , more like the size of training treats but almost powdery . I am always looking for lamb jerky because my dog does better with lamb but I wo n't buy this one again
 Being a photographer , I guess I could have made this product look as though it has deep sides also . It does not.It looks like some I have seen in stores , but it is not . No wonder those are $ 37 !! This thing is thin -- probably 1/2-inch foam at best . When it wears I will not buy the same thing again . As a liner in the crate for a recently neutered dog , it 'll be okay.Other than that , te dog may as well just sleep on the carpet.Disappointed -- I feel like I bought something off of `` FeeBay . ''
 It is a nice little bed but it is to hard to clean and get dirty fast . My dog does like the plush sides of it though .
 The color and size are accurate however it is not a soft , plush fleece . It is not soft really at all but more like a shag rug in texture and my daughter describes it as spikey . I even ordered a second one thinking this was an anomaly but it was identical . I had to get an old one out of the attic that was still soft and smooth albeit used .
 This product is not very good quality . It is light weight which is fine but very flimsy . It is constantly shedding balls of fibers all over the perimeter of the dog crate . I would rather have spent another $ 10.00 , saved shipping and purchased a bed from Petsmart or Petco .
 Ive had this product for about 4 days now and already it has lost 70 % of it 's fluffy `` coating . '' My dog has not chewed or pulled this cushion apart . It just seems to have a very short life-span . I would recommend looking for a better quality product .
 This pet bed was n't too bad at first , but after about 3 months the fleece started to pill quite a bit . The dog then started chewing through it . The flat portion of the bed has 4x4 '' squares sewn to keep the layers together . This has made it easy for our dog to make her way through the bed , square by square . The next bed with definately not be made of fleece , as it falls apart and gets matted and dingy .
 Purchased this as a crate bed for my older dog based on the predominantly positive Amazon reviews , size fitting my crate and the price . Delivery was prompt , but once unpacked and used , the product is very disappointing . The only substantive padding on this thing is on the borders ; the body of the bedding -LRB- where the animal mainly lays on -RRB- has almost no padding to speak of ! I should have heeded the warnings from some other reviewers . Also , the material of the bed sheds very easily , creating a potential of the animal ingesting the small furballs and the negatives that come with that . The only positive about this item is its flexibility , folding easily to fit in the washer/dryer . My dog did not like it one bit , just kept pawing at it . Not worth the money I paid !
 Since I purchased a Midwest wire crate , I thought this Midwest crate pad would fit perfectly -LRB- both state size 30 '' x 21 '' -RRB- . I was disappointed to see a big gap between the pad and the ends of the crate . This medium pad states it is 30 '' x 21 '' , but it is only 27 '' long . Also , the main area of the pad inside the `` bumper '' is very thin . I returned it and bought a crate pad from a local store that is thick and completely fills the bottom of the crate .
 I just bought this for my 70lb Lab and I think it is too thin and should be thicker .
 these beds shed really bad . i have to vacuum it daily . Anytime my dog lays on it , he comes away covered in splotches of white fuzz balls from this pet bed .
 This bed is super thin . The fleece came off in chunks and was everywhere in seconds . I purchased this because the reviews were great but this was returned the next day .
 First and foremost , I understand I was buying a smaller pet bed . It was intended to put in a crate , with a puppy panel and I would get a larger one as the puppy grew . I measured the crate and decided 22 '' x 13 '' would be about the right size for now . The bed arrives and it 's tiny . As My jaw dropped I reached for the tape measurer . It 's maybe 20 `` x12 '' . Thinking maybe I read everything wrong , I went back and read what I purchased . To make matters worse the description in the product details states 26.8 '' x 22 '' x 10 '' . What ? I 'm not a rocket scientist , but I 'd really be curious as to how they came up with those . It 's not close to those nor the 22x13 and I tried every way to stretch the bed to give Midwest the benefit of the doubt.Secondly , the quality is pretty average at best , but then again , you get what you pay for . I learned that after the Midwest lifestages crate came a few days ago and it was equally as bad . There 's a reason this thing is so cheap . It 's small and I can see this thing falling apart in about a month or two . I would have given it 1 star , but I think I need to add a star because my expectations should have been different for $ 11 .
 I bought this because of the good reviews , but it was n't what I was looking for . This Pet Bed may be a good addition to a kennel as it does not take up a lot of room , but I tried to use as is just on the floor . Very thin material that started to fall apart when small dog rubbed against it . The padding is nonexistent . My dog preferred to lay on the carpet . Cheap price , but not a good value .
 The bed does not seem to be as comfortable as the cinnamon or grey beds that are included in the Midwest Pets selection . I also have a cinnamon one , which I would give 5 stars to . In fact , I just bought another to replace this bed . The worst problem with this bed is I started seeing what looked like little cotton tufts around the bed and then in other parts of the house . They come off when my puppy starts `` digging '' to try to make himself comfortable and more scary , he possibly tries to chew them . It does n't seem like he has swallowed any ; he would have choked . But , obviously , I ca n't keep it in the crate that I bought it for . It 's pretty and I wanted white for the room it is in . But safety trumps anything else .
 do n't buy these . They will not wash . they emerge from the washing machine having collected every bit of lint , dust and debris from everything else , and it can not be removed even with a vacuum . I had to throw them away .
 I expected a quality pet bed , but got this piece of junk . Absolutely no pading where my dog actually sleeps . It is just a thin piece of cloth surrounded by fleece . I had to place foam under it so my dog was not sleeping on the hard plastic surfaceof her crate . It also sheds big time . have to vacuum up the lint every day . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this bed after reading the reviews and thinking this was really going to work out , but the fluff on it just kept coming off . It was always all over my living room floor . My one dog has a nervous condition where she licks everything and I 'd always find her with some of the fluff in her mouth . I ended up throwing the bed out . The only reason why I gave it 2 stars was because my dogs actually did like the bed .
 This bed was perfect for our purpose . We needed something this exact size where both of our large dogs could sleep . However , I wash it once a week and it has already started to show wear . Also , there are little fuzzies everywhere ! It 's perfect for now but I would not buy it again .
 my puppy pee on it . and i wash it . after you wash , you will know how poor the quality is .
 I bought this for the cage of my 7 months old Boxer , and he tore it apart in less than a day . My dog does n't chew on shoes , couch , or any types of furniture . This was the first piece of `` furniture '' he destroyed . If your dog is a chewer , then save yourself $ 20 and get something better . It was also a lot thinner than I expected it to be . For now , I 'm just going to use a folded blanket for my dog to sleep on .
 Unfortunately our 4 month old puppy chewed up the fluff inside after having it for a month . = -LRB-
 I guess that my cat would rather sleep with me , she does n't seem at all interested in the pet bed .
 I read all the reviews and decided this sounded right for the new puppy I was bringing home . It was delivered fairly quickly but the box was not in great shape . I ordered two and when we opened the box one was dirty with rat droppings all over it . The plastic had chew holes in different places . MIDWEST said the order came direct from Amazon and Kind Regards . Guess they do n't care much for their reputation or customer service as long as they did n't ship it . Amazon gave me a refund but no response as to how this happened to get out of their warehouse in this condition . I buy some stuff from Amazon but now I 'm afraid to open the boxes . YUK . And the worst part was I had to go buy one at a pet store and paid twice as much .
 Who 's dog is not a chewer ? Granted , my 8-week-old lab might be mouthier than some other breeds , but the sherpa material on this fleece dog bed is just begging to be chewed off and digested . Inferior product and not at all well thought out . How could anyone leave their dog alone in a crate with this bed ? Thank god I caught her in time . I left my pup alone for 5 minutes with this bed inside her kennel and the door open . Came back to find pieces of synthetic material in her mouth , floor , and crate . The sherpa just pulls right off ! I do n't know how toxic this synthetic material is , but it ca n't be good . As far as `` training '' a dog not to chew on the sherpa material , well that 's fine when you 're there to monitor your dog . What happens when you leave them alone for a couple hours inside a crate with this bed ? I do n't want to find out . I 'll be sending mine back before I have to bring my dog to the vet , or worse . A shame , because the bed fits my Midwest crate perfectly . But this bed is far too dangerous for any dog . `` Here Fido , let me serve you up 2 pounds of synthetic fibers . `` You 've been warned .
 This bed is terrible . The fleece is a dog hair magnet ! It also likes collecting bone and treat fragments . Sure you can wash it , but hair , dirt and treats cling to the fleece and I find that I am washing it more often than not . I definitely would not buy this again , nor would I recommend to anyone who has a dog with fur who likes to chew on bones .
 Looked nice when I opened it . I got it as a liner for my crate . My dog destroyed it within a week . I did n't expect indestructible , but I did want something a bit sturdier .
 this worked for a while in the crate , thin has no support . would not recommend for your pet . washes up ok
 Purchased this bed as a bundle with Giant airline crate and water bowls . This bed is not ideal for crate use - it has a satin fabric bottom that slides everywhere . A fleece bottom would have made more sense . Also , this size is way too small for Giant kennel .
 My dogs will lounge on hardwood floors just to be around people , so at least this can take the chill off during the winter months , but if you 're looking for a plush bed or crate pad , this is n't it . Within days of using this inside my dogs ' crates , the bottom layer of cushion had essentially disappeared . The only fluff left was in the side bolsters . One of my dogs still used the bolster as a pillow , but the other decided to chew on it and had all the stuffing out in minutes . These beds , even at the largest dimensions , can easily be tossed in the washer , but that 's really the only good thing I can say about them .
 It seems to be molting . I keep finding tufts and having to clean them out of the pet carrier . I would not buy this product again .
 Great value and huge size are big + + + s . But we have it inside next to our bed and the thing sheds blue fuzz like crazy . Would be best outside or in a crate , not on your carpet or other flooring .
 The fleece fiber comes off and gets all over the house . I 've never had this problem with faux-fleece dog beds I 've purchased in the past .
 This bed is OKAY . In hindsight , I would 've paid $ 15.00 for it . Not a penny more . I am constantly having to vacuum because the fleece material falls off of the bed ! My dog does not chew , so I know it 's just the poor quality .
 midwest fleece bed is pretty thin and the fleece is easily scratcht out and is a mess . I do not see this lasting very long
 any type of breathing or respiratory problems ... This pad is great - BUT sheds horribly ! Balls are tiny linty/shedding fuzz balls - no matter if you brush it daily before letting the animal on it ... . If your pet is older -LSB- or even a puppy -RSB- it can INHALE this shedding matter as well as have it get into their eyes ... . Reduced rating from 3 to 1 ****************************************************************** seems to constructed well and need strictly for lap holder for a 5 # ` old dawg ' wants into lap while we at PC . Wanted b/cuz other lap/carrier pad slips all over - Inside flat bottom actually 9 X 17 NOT 22x13 - rolled edges account for 4 and 5 inch difference . This should work for ` chin rest ' ...
 Fleece balls up and is everywhere . Dogs do n't like it either . Worst investment made shopping on line . Have purchased dog products from Pooch Planet and was very satisfied . Will not purchase from Midwest again .
 Whoever designed this should be put up against the wall and shot , along with the marketing department of this seller . This &#34; Quiet Time &#34; pet bed is made of fleece as specified , though it 's the thinnest Fleece you 'll ever find anywhere . To make up for how thin the floor of this fleece mat is , the manufacturer of this product sewed on a real crappy piece of foam . Then to cover the foam , and this just makes me laugh , they sewed on some kind of polyester covering that is made of a material that when stepped on it makes a very loud crinkly noise . So basically every time my dog moves on this bed he wakes me up and wakes himself up and he ends up sleeping on the floor next to it instead . What a piece of junk . Anyhow , one night I just got fed up and took a scissors to the material on the back and removed it all , along with the crappy foam underneath which had already torn and started bunching up in one corner just from the dog rolling over on it . What I have now is a large and extremely think fleece mat that I place over another dog mat that 's a little thicker and together they make a good dog bed . I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU CONSIDER TWICE BEFORE BUYING PRODUCTS FROM THIS VENDOR . They use obviously deceptive advertising .
 The picture makes the bed look alot more sturdy than it really is . I have a chihuahua that is very active and loves to chew and romp around . I was disappointed at how flimsy this was when I opened the box . After having this for a week , my dog has almost shredded this thing . He has other beds that he likes to chew on that have outlasted this . Overall , poor quality . Very thin . I think he ripped it apart because it was not very comfortable .
 This product I thought would be a little thicker with the pad . But is ok . but my dog like more cushion so I put a pillow in it . The product also said it was washable but not direction to do so .
 Well I have to say i am not happy , you sent me the crate and bedding seperately and the bedding was HUGH and does not fit the crate . Sais when ordered 36 by 23 but it is much much bigger . very disappointed .
 I got this fleece bed for my pit bull puppy when he was 10 weeks old . The padding is almost non-existent and it shedded like crazy . He is now 10 months old and the bed is still in his crate , only because it 's softer than the hard plastic , but I would n't recommend it . For when he 's outside of his crate , he has a chew-resistant bed with which I 'm very satisfied .
 Our dog decided that this bed was a good chew toy , and unfortunately the bed did n't have much to offer in the way of defense . Overall the bed is very thin and flimsy , not much padding at all . The sides were chewed out so easily , I woke up one morning -LRB- about 2 weeks after getting the bed -RRB- to find all of the stuffing ripped out and the fleece was all torn apart . Needless to say it went in the garbage and I wo n't be buying another one for our dog.This may not be a problem if your dog does n't chew , but ours does , and it is a problem that he can destroy it so easily . Looks like we need to invest in something a bit higher in quality next time .
 We bought this bed for our puppy to use inside a Midwest Crate . While the stitching and seams held up great to multiple washings and her chewing , after about the fourth wash it started to shed its fuzz . The constant clumps of fluff coming off of it were really annoying , but I could have dealt with it if the pup was n't insistent on eating it all . No amount of my trying to get all the loose fluff off of it seemed to help , it just constantly shed . After only two months , we 've decided to toss it . What a waste .
 My 5 month beagle mix has destroyed this already . Its made of a material thats easily destroyed , a sheep like material . She loves how comfy and soft it is but it leaves balls of material all over the floor .
 Puppy seems to like this pad , but I 'm not crazy about it . A little thinner than I expected and puppy has really enjoyed how easy it is to pull the fluffy outside layer off , but not sure if he would n't do that to any other pad .
 Love Amazon , but not this time , I purchased 4 what I thought were Midwest Quiet time mats ... I have been working with dogs forever and have used this product over the years , the 4 mats I received were not up to standards , very thin , not the same backing and continued to release bits of fuzzy materials , that caused one of my dogs to need vet care !!! A very cheap imitation of the real thing ... I have 4 mats that I purchased 2 years ago with regular washing that are in better condition than the 4 I purchased from Amazon late February ... buyer beware
 After reading all the positive reviews I chose this bed over others . I must tell you this the color is wonderful but the bed falls way short of what I expected . If your dog loves a soft bed DO NOT purchase this bed . I am having to use a blanket in order for her to be comfortable in the bed other wise she will not use it . So if it 's comfort your little fur baby requires DO NOT purchase this . I found one the exact same size to fit my crate at Big Lots and it has about 6 inches of padding in the bottom for the same price that I purchased this on for .
 I was initally impressed with this bed and our 6-month old boxer liked it . It fit in her crate nicely . But after several days of use , it started shedding and in less than a month it was useless . The material is very thin and ripped easily exposing the stuffing in the bolster . Our boxer is not a destructive dog ; this just did not hold up well under normal use .
 Within days of receiving this product it began to fall apart . I ordered two of them and it happened to both . The last dog bed of this type that we had lasted for 7 years . I doubt these will last 7 weeks . I have a ball of pile from each one the size of two baseballs . Our dog is not a digger . The pile has come off just with her sleeping on the pads . Very disappointed with the product . Would not purchase this again .
 At first I thought these were great -- perfect liners for our dog kennels . It did n't take long before I started finding little fuzzies all over the house , stuck in the rugs so badly that the vaccuum would n't get them out . The fleece from the beds just falls off , my dogs were n't even scratching it apart or destroying the beds , they just fell apart on their own . Then I made the bad decision to put the beds in my van for a trip . Holy cow -- I will never get the fleece fuzzies out of my vehicle !!! What a mess !
 This bed is perfectly sized for a kennel however , my lab mix puppy destroyed it almost immediately . This behavior is n't unusual for a lab but this bed is pretty chintzy and very easy to break down . You get what you pay for .
 This sheds ! I bought two sizes . One for a 80lb . dog and one for a 10lb . dog . They 're both terrible ! I have large pieces of white fuzz all over my house .
 The 13 in by 22 in pet bed is actually only 11 3/4 in . by 21 in . and is too small for the crate . I plan on sending it back .
 I wish I had not bought this particular bed . It sheds !!!!!!! It is already getting thin from shedding . And white was my mistake .
 The little bits of fabric from the bed end up all over the house . Would not recommend this . Dog likes it which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1 .
 I will say upfront that this is a review of the packaging , not of the product . The bed is fine - inexpensive , thin , and it sheds , but it 's great for scattering around the house for dogs to nap on . Just do n't buy it from Amazon ! This bed is 30 '' long by 21 '' wide , and about 2 '' wide at it 's widest point . It could easily have been folded up into a small box . Instead , Amazon chose to ship it flat , in a box that is literally 24 '' wide by 36 '' long by 13 '' deep . The box was so big that UPS would not leave it on my porch - they denied delivery 3 days in a row , and I went through absolute hell trying to get it finally delivered . This is a commonly stocked item at pet stores , so find someplace local to buy it and save probably a whole tree 's worth of cardboard , and a whole lot of stress .
 make sure you measure . i have no idea why Amazon shows this bed with the case I bought . I stupidly thought it would be a good fit . Measure . do n't believe them when they say `` customers also bought this with this item '' ... ridiculous . To Amazon 's credit with a little effort and one hang up from one rep , another made all well and paid for this oversized thing to be returned postage paid . okay , I should have measured , but why did they feature them together ? THAT WAS MY COMPLAINT .
 This is a nice addition to my puppy 's crate - the softness , fit - but it does n't have any cushiness in the bottom of the bed . The fabric is nice like the sides , but the cushiness of the sides needs to also be on the bottom . It is thin and rests on the hard plastic of the crate bottom . I put a folded blanket in with the bed to make it more comfy , but that makes the crate too small and uneven . . I also had some shrinkage when I washed and dried it . Some reviewers said they liked the padded edge , but my puppy ca n't rest his head there - he 's then up against the wire of the crate sides . All that said , my puppy has n't complained .
 I 'm adding one more vote to the bad fleece comments . After less than three weeks of use the half of the bed our puppy had access to is threadbare . I 've never had a dog that did not scratch at their bed before laying down trying to get the thing just right . This left a fuzzy mess all over our floor and the inside of the cage .
 Bed itself is ok ... my dog , a greyhound , seemed to like it . But , the thing started to shed great balls of white fuzz which ended up all over the house ! The bed now resides in the countylandfill .
 I bought this for my 3 mo old puppy . He likes it just fine , but I started having problems with it after the first wash . The fleece started to shed all over the place . If I took the bed out and placed it on my red area rug , it would leave pills of white fleece . Recently , my puppy has been vomiting food stuffs mixed with the fleece fibers . Buy at your own risk . I would not recommend this item to anyone who cares about the health of their pet .
 I just recieved this yesterday and first off , the packaging of the product was very poorly done . Once i got it open and put it down for my dog , the fleece fuzz was just falling off it with every thouch . I actually had to take it away from my dog because he liked to lick it and chew it a little and the fuzz was just getting everywhere and i was afraid of him ingesting some and causing problems . I didnt expect this product to be this poor of a product but i am very dissapointed . Hopefully when he grows out of his chewing stage i can try this again . .
 This thing sheds like you would n't believe . It shed so much that my dog had respiratory problems from it . He would always wheeze during the night and cough up nasty fleece filled mucous ! I vacuumed pieces of the bed daily ! I had to throw it away .
 at first i was very excited to buy my dog a bed , please be aware that this bed is white and is the same color as your padding . My dog has mistaken this bed as his pissing area .
 While my dog seems to find this bed comfortable , I 'm already preparing to buy a new one , after one week of use . The bed sheds little balls of wool constantly , and they end up all over the house . I hate it . The dog bed sheds worse than the dog .
 I bought this bed for our dog to use in our family room . Since he likes pillows , I thought the bumper would be good . BUT , this bed constantly sheds . I find little white pieces of fleece all over the house , the carpet and the dog . I have taken the bed outside and shaken it , trying to remove loose fleece . It still sheds , which makes it a real nuisance . I would not advise purchase of this bed to anyone .
 The padding on this bed is really lacking , so my dog for the most part steered clear of it . So I planned on putting it in my dog 's crate , but it did n't even last 3 days before my dog tore a hole in it.You 'd be better off spending your money elsewhere unless you have a very lazy dog who is n't picky about where he or she sleeps .
 When I opened the package I had to laugh , not what I was expecting for the price . product cheaply made , very thin , not worth the price at all .
 Unless you feel like throwing money away , do not waste your time on this bed . I thought it would be a nice addition to my dog 's crate , however it has been completely falling apart since I opened it . I constantly have little pieces of fuzz from the bed strewn across my house and I am already looking for a replacement after about 2 weeks of use . If I would have known I was going to just be wasting my money , I would have purchased something different . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !
 This bed was great for about 6-8 weeks . I washed it a few times , and now it is shedding white `` fur '' like crazy . It sticks to the dog and there are tufts of the fleece all over the kitchen as well as the living room carpet . I thought it might just happen for a short time , but it 's constant . If it was n't so big and tough to ship back , I 'd return it .
 The sizes that are available are great , but the bed is like a big cotton pad . If your dog is at all mischievous like mine they will tear this thing apart.Even when my pup is n't trying fluff gets all over the house , when she wakes up in the morning there will be small balls of the bedding all over her feet and mouth . The bolster for the head rests are nice , but there is almost zero padding where they lay their bodies.If the bed did not shed so much , it would be great , but for me it is just 1 star .
 do not waste your money it is cheap trash worth 5 dollars max it cost more to return it than its worth
 Thin and non-durable . My puppies were pulling fuzz out of it within minutes -LRB- which was not fun to clean up -RRB- and would n't sleep on it anyway because it 's so thin . I definitely feel like I chucked $ 13 into the toilet on this one . Do not buy .
 Hard to remove dog hair from it , so it looks like hell . Had to throw it away after a few months . Went to a dog bed that looks like an old sleeping bag , definitely easier to clean . Would not recommend .
 I have now been through two of these . They look good for about 3 weeks , but after that start to loose fluff , which my dog trails through the house . They are washable , but my dogs hairs stay in the mattress . After a few months of use they are flat and stinky . While low cost , I would prefer to pay more for something that would last a year or so at a time .
 I bought a couple of these beds as crate beds for my beagles . Within the first few days we started finding big clumps of this bed around the house and in the crates . Some say they hold up well , but these fall apart very easily in my opinion . They make more of a mess than my beagles shedding does . I would not buy these again .
 When I purchased this dog bed I expected it to be thin and otherwise a little cheap , but I didn '' t expect the shedding from the bed to be worse than the shedding from the dog ! I hope the shedding is temporary !
 I bought this to put in a crate for my Golden Retriever . It says it has padding . Nope . It is actually one very thin sheet of `` fleece '' fabric with a bottom layer of crunchy , noisy plastic type of fabric.This equals no padding at all , except for the side bolsters . The sound makes my dog crazy . Before this one I had a smaller Precision brand crate pad -LRB- when he was a puppy . I would highly recommend that brand over this cheap immitation . Strange that they would call it `` quiet time '' There is nothing quiet about this one . I am now going to buy another Precision brand pad for him so we can both have some peace and quiet time .
 I put this bed in my puppy 's crate . I woke up to the sound of him choking , retching and wheezing . The bed was pilling terribly and , being a puppy , he was eating the cotton . What a mess ! A dangerous , stressful mess !
 I put crate pad made in USA on Amazon search and this came up with made in USA . IT IS NOT . Very Disappointed ! If you are not worried about a pad made in China then it is ok . It does smell like it was made in China ! It is soaking in baking soda now !
 The padding is basically non existent . I can easily pinch the bottom padding and feel my fingertips . The padding is about half an inch thick , maybe less . It says that it keeps dogs cool in the summer , but I dont see how fleece or synthetic sheepskin could do that . My dogs lay on the hardwood floor because its cooler . Also , it comes in a huge cardboard box that could fit a midget inside . When you open it , its about 15 square feet of paper , and 5 cubic feet of empty space .
 I was very disappointed ! I used to order this bed for my Coton de Tulear and it was a wonderfully sturdy , thick and plush fabric that lasted and lasted . I took one of these out of the bag and immediately noticed a HUGE difference in the quality ! VERY POOR ! It 's thinner material , the backing is slippery , the so called Berber Fleece is anything but . . it all polyester and poor quality at that . . I just washed one and pieces of fleece were coming off it when I brushed it with my hand ! Wow ! This used to be a dependable , high quality product . . If I had seen it in a store I would never have bought it ! I suppose I should return these two beds . . They certainly wo n't hold up to any real use at all !
 We purchased this item for our little border terrier who is now 9 months old . In only about a week , this item was shedding its fabric all over the house and is made of poor quality ... do not recommend this item . We thought this would be better than alot ... boy , were we wrong ! Do n't waste your money like we did and now have to spend more on something else . This will not last the test of time nor will it make your four legged one happy !
 I have a 3 yr old Golden rescue that sleeps in a 42 x 26 inch wire crate . I made a 1 inch memory foam mat for his crate & covered it with a twin sheet . He needed a bit more cushioning than the 1 inch memory foam . I was afraid with his weight , he was going to `` bottom out '' and feel the hard plastic pan surface under the memory foam etc. . Plus he sleeps on his side and needed some cushion for his back against the wire sides of the crate . This mat is perfect !!! It gives him just the right surface without being too squishy/soft and yet is supportive & he has the bolster against his back when he sleeps . I swear I could see him smile when he first laid down on this configuration . Works for him , works for me !!! And the price was right too ! As an aside , I vacuumed this mat first , then tossed it in the dryer on air only to collect any residual `` fuzz '' . Next I washed it in my front loader washing machine and then dried it on low/delicate . So far no shedding at all and it seems to be holding up well too . He is NOT a chewer , thank goodness or I fear this mat would not last etc.Aug . 8 , 2011 ... Not so happy with this now . Have washed it maybe 4 times and each time the bolster filling migrates to one place and leaves the bolster FLAT ... no stuffing ... and no way to pull the filling back into the empty bolster area ... Would have to take it apart to fix . It has been washed on gentle cycle on a front loader machine . I wo n't buy this again nor recommend it.Nov , 2012 - This was thread bare 6-8 mos ago ... All the bolster stuffing had shifted to one area so there was effectively no bolster to this product . It was pathetic looking and there was no cushion left . I have since found out there are several makers of this kind of crate bolster . Pay a bit more and get a far superior product that is lasting . I got my last one from Jeffers Pet Supply in Dothan , AL. .
 I have had Midwest Quiet Time Pet Beds since I got my puppies in 2003 . I had mostly used the Fleece ones but then I found the Gray ones and they were perfect . They helped hide the dirt and stains . Then in June I saw the Cinnamon ones and decided it would look better . I purchased 2 of 36 x 23 beds ... from the beginning they started shedding . I washed them several times hoping that they would stop shedding . My dogs always had fuzz on them and it was all over the house . After a few weeks of washing them thinking they would stop shedding , there were some bare spots . This was the worst product I ever bought . I was so disappointed in this product . It was a good thing I kept the gray ones ... I am still using them 5 years later and even though they are starting to wear through they are better than the cinnamon ones .
 I bought this at the same time I purchased the FirstRax soft crate . Our dog likes to repeatedly scratch the bed with her front feet causing me to remove it from the crate . She got pieces of fleeze all over the place when I first gave it to her . Now I leave the pad on the floor in the front room and although she still scratchs it like crazy , I 've also seen her curl up in it to sleep . It does n't seem to shed as much fleeze as it did but we still ca n't use it in the crate . We put a small light weight baby quilt in the crate which has helped to make bed time a true `` quiet time '' .
 I really wanted to like this bed -- it 's soft , attractive , and the perfect size for our 30 '' Midwest crate . However , from the very start , it shed big clumps of fuzz which my puppy would then try and play with and eat . I tried washing it , thinking that this might help with the shedding problem . I even tried kind of `` combing '' some of the fuzz out with my finger tips to get rid of it , but it just kept shedding fleece -- from nickel-sized balls of it up to half-dollar sized ones ! After finding the fuzz in my puppy 's mouth a couple of times , I decided to return mine .
 i just got it , its alright , its a bit thin , so i put some padding under it . but hey , its cheap right ?
 I purchased this pet bed for my dad 's outside dog to put inside the doghouse to give her some extra warmth . It is a little thinner than what I expected . There is not much support in the bottom of the bed . I would have expected more padding . I kept it because it was not worth the price to ship back .
 I bought two different sizes of these `` new '' pet beds because over the years the ones like these that I already have are so good . The last ones have lasted 5yrs but are starting to get threadbare . I read in other reviews that these new ones shed . Boy were they right . After washing after one week of use they have half the fleece they did in the beginning . It 's in the bottom of the crates and in the washer . I washed them on the gentle cycle with cold water and line dried them . I 'm going to have to find some other beds next time .
 I got this bed for our 14-week old puppy 's crate , but it is not working for us . She enjoys pawing at her bedding -LRB- as if making a nest -RRB- and this causes the bed to release large amounts of fluff which she then chews on . I do n't know if she 's actually eaten any of the fluff , but it 's not worth the risk so we 've taken the bed away and gone back to using towels . We will try this bed again when she 's a bit older . If it did n't come apart so easily it would have been exactly what we wanted .
 I was looking for an inexpensive , durable dog bed . It 's inexpensive , but my lab mix had both beds shredded within a few minutes . Although she has been a chewer previously , she usually stays away from materials that do n't have zippers and had n't chewed on her bedding in months . . I thought was safe . This is flimsy and might work for daintier dogs , just not chewers .
 In the description is says it is 3 inches think , what they did n't tell you was that the outside bolster is 3 inches . The inside is maybe an inch and that 's pushing it . Going to go ahead and keep it . It 's to much of a pain to send back .
 We purchased this for our 2 year old male Westie , for the bottom of his crate . Although it fits perfectly , is nice and cushy , and he really likes it , we have a major problem . He constantly licks it , and licks the fibers right off , which have upset his digestive system , and is causing him to vomit . The `` fleece '' comes right off the product , and ends up being injested . Perhaps the cloth versions are better , but I would not recommend this product for dogs that like to lick anything and everything , as this has rendered the bed useless .
 this bed lasted one week . the quality was unacceptable . very flimsy and thin . my dog pawed at it and it is now in the garbage -LRB- with a huge hole in it -RRB- . i was not expecting this to last forever but at least more than a week . i want my money back .
 Yes , this bed is a good price . It can be washed at home . It does not hold up well at all . It pills up and gets all over the carpet . I would not recommend .
 This pad sheds lint balls continuously , and within a couple of months there is not much left to it . It is so thin , and about to rip apart . It was a waste of money , and now I need to buy a new one .
 Fast delivery . I gave it 2 stars because it was the wrong size . I ordered a carrier for my cat and it recommended I buy this item to go with it . I thought that was a nice suggestion until I received it and it was way too big for the carrier . Now I have to deal with returning it .
 Purchased this for my black lab . It was in the trash in a few months . True the item is not padded and its very thin , but after a few weeks it pretty much flattened out to nothing . Should have saved myself the $ and just used a cheap beach towel . At least you can get the hair out of that . I washed this item many times and beat it against the house outside but there was just no way to get out the dog hairs that bad become imbedded in the curly material.Also , this is not an item flaw , but my dog chewed on the outer bumper part and pulled out all the stuffing . If you have a puppy or dog prone to that kind of behavior this is not the item for your.Overall its a waste of money . an old towel will serve exactly the same purpose .
 I read other reviews and thought it would be a good choice for my puppy , but he chewed it and ate a lot of the fuzz he was able to get off of it while chewing . We had bought another pet bed when we bought this one , and he never chews that one -LRB- Pet Dreams Plush Sleep-eez -RRB- . Not good for our puppy ... maybe better for dogs who are through the chewing phase .
 I had theMidwest Quiet Time 35-By-25-Inch Ombre ? Swirl Deluxe Pet Bedfor a couple of years and loved the quality - it stood up to regular machine washing , my dog 's digging and anything else I would throw at it . Oh , and also pet hair does n't show on it at all ! But when I got a crate for my dog I wanted something with sides , so I went for the Quiet Time pet bed in gray . What can I say , the quality is nowhere near the Deluxe pet bed . The pilling is driving me nuts - my dog likes to scratch a bit before lying down , so now I 'm finding gray clumps of nylon all over the place -LRB- they are lightweight and cling to carpets and clothes and travel all around the house -RRB- . As if dog fur alone was n't enough!I do n't think I will ever be buying Midwest pet beds again after this experience .
 This is the size they advertised as to fit kennel on web page . It does n't it 's to Small It 's like only a medium at that ... And very thin ...
 thing is a piece of junk , had 2 days and lint balls galore , China junk DON `` T BUY I 'd sure be afraid to wash it ! I 've had dogs and dog beds for them my whole life and this is the biggest cheapest piece of crap .
 I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this bed.It sheds as much as my dog does ! I washed it to get rid of all the excess lint/loose wool , but everyday I notice small pieces of lint/fiber on the floor by this bed . I brush it to try to control the lint/wool and end up with a brushful of loose lint . Still , the bed sheds the excess lint/wool the next day.It makes my dog sneeze and coughs -LRB- the fiber gets in his throat -RRB- . Stay away !!
 Well the dog likes it , but the material causes fuzzies to get everywhere . It 's made of that fleece , lamb-wool looking material and it separates easily from the bed itself . I 'm buying one made of something else .
 I bought this item in fleece and for the first few weeks it was great . My dog used to play a lot on it and over time it accumlated bits of bone/nylabone that would n't come out even when vacuumed . This made it very uncomfortable for him to lie on and he 'd scratch himself silly . It became even more disgusting when it got wet ... But that 's most likely due to the fact that it was fleece .
 The chew rope I received -LRB- and then in stock -RRB- was much smaller than described
 While we received this item within days of the order -LRB- which , considering the fact that they charged 5.99 for shipping , is only appropriate -RRB- , we did not receive the item we ordered . Just like another buyer here , we were sent the 2-Knot rope instead of the 3-Knot rope . Considering how expensive shipping is , I 'm not sending the thing back , but I 'm very unhappy that their orders department is so sloppy . I essentially ended up paying over $ 15 for a rope toy . It 's still big enough for my 95-lb dog to play with -LRB- we received a Large 2 Knot Rope -RRB- , but it 's a lot harder to play tug with the 2-Knot version.As for the quality of the toy itself , it seems fine . It 's just a slightly stiff rope toy with a minty smell and some floss . I 'm a little concerned that my dog is ingesting so much of the floss material -LRB- I 've been finding little bits of it in the carpet , so I assume he 's been eating it -RRB- , but he 's mainly getting that from the tassels , I think . Except for the relatively fuzzy tassels , the rest of the toy seems well-constructed , with a tight weave and strong cotton material.Our dog is certainly crazy about the smell , he loves chewing on it , and he constantly brings it over to us as his tug and fetch toy of choice , so I think I 'd be a lot more happy with it if it were the 3-Knot version I 'd ordered . Then again , considering how much this company charges for shipping , maybe it 's just better to go to Petsmart in this particular case or order from a company that participates in Amazon 's Super Saver program .
 This arrived dried out and brown , I had to throw it away . When it 's fresh it is a nice green color .
 I had a flea infestation this year and thought I would try this fogger . I followed the instructions to the letter and even made sure I had more than enough foggers to cover the square footage in my townhouse . However , the results were less than satisfactory . Apparently , it killed the fleas but not the eggs . Within a week , I had more fleas -LRB- a lot more -RRB- . Considering the amount of prep that needs to be done before fogging and the cleanup afterward , I have concluded that it is n't worth the effort .
 We used several of these -LRB- about 1.5 X the package recommendation for our size home -RRB- , and bathed the dogs twice with Ovitrol shampoo by the same company . Fleas vanished ... for about ten days ; a little short of the `` 30 weeks protection '' claimed . Appears we 're going to have to bite the bullet and bring in professionals .
 I vacuumed , sprayed this stuff everywhere , came back 12 hours later , vacuumed again and it was like the fleas were having a party . There were as much / more than ever . Just did not work . Day after now and my baby has ten bites on her head since yesterday when I did this . Huge waste of money .
 I bought two cans of this . I have a very tiny apartment and still have fleas . The product did n't work .
 This stuff did n't work simple as that . I Followed directions closely really hoping for results , but the fleas kept marching on . The life cycle of the flea is kinda tricky to be fair . Their laid eggs are protected in a water proof cocoon , and the gestation period varies . Adults can go for a couple of months without a meal . Flea pupae can stay in their cocoons for up to a year , waiting to sense the body heat and vibrations that signal the presence of nearby hosts . Fleas are a mean joke nature plays on furry animals mostly but you too can be an insects dinner .
 I ordered this during a heavy flea infestation year . Before it arrived I did more research as to the contents of the product . The product is wrapped in plastic awaiting safe disposal ... It may work -- or not , but this is not stuff I want absorbed into anything in my home
 I bought and set off 6 of these bombs and now the fleas are twice as bad as they were before I set the bombs off !!!
 The dog collar is great for helping my black lab stand out at night . But after only 2 months he has already scratched off most of the reflective material , now the collar is really ugly and does not reflect anymore .
 Ordered this collar and was sent a 30 '' Orange Sunglow Dog collar that cost 5.79 according to the invoice . This collar was sent from a different company and when I called to explain that the wrong collar was sent and not the Remington that I had ordered they said they dont carry the Remington Brand and I asked how could that be . They said that they were a 3rd party and that Petscity asked them to send the collar for them and to send something close to the Remington collar ... I called PetsCity and it was a waste of time so I talked With AMAZON and they will take care of the problem ...
 The seller did not fulfill the order correctly . The collars are supposed to be reflective and of a cloth stitched type . I have been using the correct type for years so I should know . These were plastic , non-reflective and had a big metal O-ring on them . I feel they knew they sent the incorrect ones and I should not have to eat shipping costs to or from does n't everyone agree ? Maybe new policies should be in order .
 I tried this pricey dog food for my Australian shepherd on the advice of a friend who has a small dog does that does very well on one of their foods geared for toy dogs . First of all , making a decision on what food to buy is confusing . They have many breed specific foods and to look at all the bags is exhausting . With the help of a sales clerk I picked the Medium Breed adult . My dog , at first did like the food very much but I felt he was overwhelmed by the amount of food I had to feed to maintain his caloric need and gradually he lost interest in eating it . The ingredients list was pretty standard but did have nice levels of antioxidants and omega oils . Certainly this was not worth the price tag .
 The guy who designed cracker Jack toys must have been sick this day because I can not think of a poorer design . At first glance it it a wall mounted brush for kitties . A great idea , however the border of this product is a completely separate plastic piece from the brush . The brush part hangs on two small plastic hook on the top of the border/frame . and the box near the bottom corner is yet a third separate piece again which is simply held in place by wedging it in and the fact that it happens to be a tight fit . all of which is attached to the wall using supplied double sided sticky tape which you are supposed to attach to the back side of the border frame which is slick as glass and does n't come close to holding the thing on the wall under simply the weight of the border frame . After you hang the brush and box assembly , and if it stays together in one piece , all you can do is hope it stays long enough for your cat to see it . There is no way it would stay on the wall or stay in one piece under the vigors of a cat rubbing on it . I had to glue the whole thing together , the using a knife score and roughen up the back of the thing just to get my own double sided sticky tape in order to use the thing . Its a great idea but needs to be simplified and one piece . Not worth the frustration and extra expense just to get it to work . Instructions were useless as well .
 We bought this to replace an old one we lost in a move . . It NEEDS to be screwed to the wall . We were so tierd of seeing it on the floor and since we are Getty ready to sell , did n't want to put additional holes in the wall.Our other one was screwed as well but we were looking for a less permanent option . I guess there is none . Other than that the cat Loves rubbing against it !
 There was nothing I could do to get these to stick on the walls.Therefore useless . The cats were attracted to them , but they would fall off the wall before they even got to them .
 It wo n't stick to the wall even when I put heavy duty stickys on it . The plastic that holds the two sections together is too stiff so it wo n't stay bent thus pulling it from the wall .
 I was so excited about getting this for our 5 cats . I thought for sure it would be a huge hit , seeing that you can add catnip to it and our kitties love the ` nip . But it only took a matter of minutes before it popped off the wall and was on the floor . Losing interest immediately . The sticky pads are not sticky at all . I currently have it hot-glued to the floor register and if that does n't hole much longer I 'm switching to super glue then gorilla glue then maybe plaster . This is such a great idea for cats , but horrible assembled.I would not buy this again , not for the hassle it is to get it to stay in place .
 The comb and wall mount do n't stay together well . The clasps are poorly designed and the comb portion tends to curve out and dismount . The wall mount double tape is pretty weak but I guess that can be fixed with screws or better tape . However because the comb and wall mount are separate and not secure , any curious cat is going to start playing with the separate pieces . . pawing ... chewing etc etc. . Then if your cat is like mine they just rip the thing off the wall . Good idea . . poor execution .
 This product would not stay on the wall even before my cats tried to use it . Not worth the money .
 How do I get this thing to stick to the wall ? The little adhesive pads that came with it would n't even hold a feather to the wall let alone this heavy plastic groomer ! I 'm thinking either duct tape or sending it back : -LRB-
 The cat loves this . I had to screw it on the wall so the cat would n't rub it off again ...
 This item seemed good at first but it does n't stick to anything so j ended up nailing it to a wooden bin that my cat loves to lay next to . She used it the first day but then lost interest as the item kept coming apart .
 I bought this for my cat because he so loves chin chuckings and pettings all the time . He 's about six years old and is a garden variety orange tabby , neutered . For the life of me , I ca n't get him interested in this item . I 've rubbed him against it , both head and body , and even put treats on it , and he simply could n't care less about it . Also , mine came broken , and my husband had to repair it before putting it on the wall . It was fairly difficult to get it to stay securely . If anyone has any suggestions regarding getting Matt interested in this thing , I 'd appreciate it.September 12 , 2011 update
 I like these in general , have had one before . But the brand I got -LRB- Groom n ' Comb , not the one pictured here -RRB- the comb part comes loose when the cat rubs against it . It should be all-in-one .
 Will not stick to the wall - even with duck tape . Also , the containers that hold the catnip keep popping open on their own and spilling the catnip all over the floor .
 I can tell that my cat would love this item if he could only use it but I could not get it to stick on the wall , even with extra adhesive supports . As soon as my cat rubbed against it , it detached and fell off the wall .
 Well , the idea here is great . But , it just doesnt work . My cats wouldnt get near it , it didnt stay on the wall , and it fell apart all the time :-LRB- Threw it away after about 3 weeks .
 The stick-on strips do n't work well or last , so I use the top hole to screw it to the corner and then the groomer part does n't stay where it is supposed to . This is n't the one I bought several years ago , where I could just hang the strips .
 I purchased this wall groomer because it was the only one with decent `` Reviews . '' However , this thing is a piece . Immediately taking it out of the package I noticed that the comb panels did not align up to the frame and therefor kept popping off . My cat was excited about it when I held it up to the corner , but as soon as I attached it , the panels kept popping it off -LRB- because the parts were not made properly and will not fit and stay in place -RRB- , then the stickers popped off the wall as well , and yes I prepped the wall properly . This is not a very good quality product .
 It wont stay on the wall . I bought some double sided tape and that did n't work as the original sticky pads wont stay on the product . I 'm not sure I should drill holes in the product and mount with screws but it might be the only way to get use out of it .
 I have four cats ; one of them is CONSTANTLY rubbing his cheeks against EVERYTHING - so I mainly purchased this item for him . I placed the Korner Komber in an area the cats frequently walk through , at a height that would be the most comfortable for them - they NEVER , ever use it ! I even put some catnip in it - still nothing - even though they love catnip . I 'm so surprised they do n't like this . I should have returned it , but I was hoping they would eventually come around to using it . Well , I 've had it for almost 2 1/2 years now and it still gets no use . I 'm glad other people 's cats like it .
 My cat was very excited about this right away and immediately started rubbing his face on it as soon as it came out of the box . However , it did not even stick to the wall for 5 minutes and the part where the comb is detachable -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- also was not secure to the back . I may try securing it myself , but it really should be more sturdy .
 Falls off of the wall immediately . Does n't hold together properly . Piece of junk . I ca n't recommend purchasing this item . It 's just useless .
 This item was a good idea but did not attach to the corner for long . I followed the directions and placed the item where my cat could use it . She went for it right away and scratched and rubbed her cheeks against it and I thought it was a good item for her . After a few minutes this contraption popped off the wall and scared her . I replaced the adhesive strips from the package with two-sided carpet tape and again this contraption fell off . My cat will no longer go near it . The idea was good but the design was poor . I will try to nail it to the wall and see if that works . If it doesent , it is going in the trash .
 They might as well not include the sticky mounting pads - they held it up for around a minute and a half before unsticking from the plastic . I drilled screws through it to mount it to the wall but then that causes the hanging nubbly part to bulge out and get knocked off if the cat rubs against it -LRB- which is the intention -RRB- . This problem is kind of moot , though , as neither of my cats is remotely interested in it.The catnip that comes with it , though , is amazing .
 I think the only problem with this product is that its hard to keep it on the wall . We tried the sticky tape included and it fell off and we went and bought other things and finally used some products that hold really heavy things and that kept it on the wall . Other than that , the instructions are pretty good .
 I was excited to get this based on the many good reviews . I bought this for my 2 yr old cat that loves to groom herself and be groomed . She does not like the brush on the wall or with me brushing her with it . She takes two seconds to get the pannels out of the holder so I would recommend extra methods of securing them . Glad I have it over a hard wood floor since the cat nip gets sprinkled around when she pops the panel out . -LRB- The frame pops off the wall too so extra adhesive on the back would be a good idea too . -RRB-
 had NO effect on my 65lb puppy . Car was filled with the wonderful smell of lemon . The dog smelled wonderful but he barked my ears off . We had folks check the collar placement . Everything worked but the barking never stopped
 We have a mini-dashchund and the only times that the spray goes off are random times . When our dog barks it does not go off , but when he does random stuff like shake or scratch his body it seems to go off.I really wish I could return this product but since we already threw away the packaging we ca n't . I would not recommend anyone with a small dog to get this collar .
 The collar never worked . I dragged it across a rough surface , never sprayed , never stopped my dog from barking . I 'm back to `` shut up ! ''
 I ordered a petsafe collar . It did not work . I called the company and was told I had to contact Amazon , the seller . I emailed Amazon as instructed and I still have had no response - over a month ago !
 The collar was way too big for a miniature schnauzer . We did trim it following the directions and used it . When it worked it did make him stop barking but it had to be fussed with often . Refilling , retightening etc. . It made him very wary and nervous when it worked . He learned quickly when it was on or off . Once he barked when my grandaughter was sitting by him and they both got sprayed no ill effects for either but a lot of complaining . It worked approximately 3 days . The 4 flashes light came on and wo n't go off . This indicates no fill . But even though I fill it ???? It wo n't work anymore . So I do n't recommend this particular collar . It 's way too much $ $ $ for 3 days of silence .
 I purchased this for my 20 lb . mix-breed and it has not helped at all . The first time that he barked with it on it made him jump , but he kept right on barking . I thought maybe I did n't have it adjusted correctly , so I refitted the collar to his neck . Did n't help a bit . He is a rather neurotic dog , so that might have something to do with it . I will say that the collar seems well made and sturdy . The instructions are very clear and easy to follow . I just wish the collar would have helped !!
 I 'm not sure what happened , but this thing stopped working after a couple of weeks . We rarely used it , but one day it just stopped working . It was n't the batteries and we added more `` juice '' , but nothing . I would buy this from a store instead . At least , if it breaks , it 's a lot easier to return .
 I 've got a 9 month old Aussie who has turned-out to be a pretty enthusiastic ` frisbee dog ' . The one I 've been using so far is rubbery material that has been a great disc , but is starting to show some battle scars . Plus , it is a bit on the heavy side and I 'd like to be able to get a bit more distance . While shopping at my local PetSmart , I came across this Booda Turbo Disc for just under $ 20 . It frankly seemed a bit pricey for a dog disc , but it also seemed very sturdy and a bit lighter than the one we 've been using so far , so I took a chance and bought it anyway.When I got this disc home and took it out for a ` spin ' with my dog , I was extremely disappointed to find that it simply does n't fly properly . EVERY throw I make dive-bombs severely to the right - impossible for my dog to catch . I kept thinking maybe it was my throwing technique or something that was at fault . But I have no trouble at all controlling my other disc , or throwing any other ` frisbee ' for that matter . The Booda Turbo Disc literlly dives sharply to the right and lands UPSIDE DOWN every throw !! I even had some neighbor kids give it a shot and they ca n't get this hunk of crap to fly straight either.I 'd have taken this back to the store immediately if I had n't thrown out the packaging and receipt . Perhaps the mostly worthless purchase I 've made in recent memory.Oh , it DOES make a nice chew toy ... so there IS that ... Buyer beware .
 DO NOT BUY FOR FINCHES ! There are too many open `` spaces '' where finches , especially small finches , can escape . The external caged-bird seed hoppers obtained for finches that I already use do not work on any of the access `` doors '' because the `` doors '' are wider than standard , thus allowing additional escape routes for the finches . The metal support for the roof was so bent that my finches could escape through the top , and when the `` roof '' is secured in place , the screws pull the wire spacing apart allowing other escape routes of at least 2 fingers width . All panels of the aviary are inconsistent in how they fit into the `` slots '' on the frame , allowing escape routes for finches ... might be just fine on one side or end but allow a width of 2 fingers open space on the other side or end , etc. . The bottom grill and metal tray jiggle out of place with the slightest movement of the aviary , allowing even larger spaces from which the finches can escape from the bottom -LRB- many species of finches are bottom grazers -RRB- , and the grill and tray have to be very carefully worked into position , not an easy task when they do n't slide into place to begin with . I am very , very disappointed in this item . It is , however , very consistent with other Prevue-Hendrix products that I 've tried to use ; I was hoping for better from this company this time . I bought this item based on the glowing comments of the 1st two reviewers , and all I can say is that the two of them must have obtained an item quite different to what I received ... which leads one to wonder about inconsistency in quality control , and who wants that !! I also did not receive a shipping invoice with this item . BUYER BEWARE !
 This bulb is awesome - if you are not using it as an only light source . Meaning , you need to have daylight as well.This bulb -LRB- and other compact bulbs -RRB- can cause what we call `` snow blindness '' . If you notice your lizard not opening his/her eyes , trying to get away from the bulb or squinting , etc - please stop using immediately.We use this on our Sulcata tortoise ONLY when she gets light from the window as well and when not in her night habitat so that she can get away from this light source if need be .
 Purchased 6/28/12 , installed 6/29/12 . Set up on a timer to be on 8 hours per day . Today is 8/18 and the bulb is dead . Grrrrr . For $ 25.00 It would be nice if it lasted a bit longer .
 horrible dont buy says it lasts for 1 year didint even last me 1 month for the price its horrible and i cant return because i dont have box
 I purchased 2 of these in less than a week 1 from amazon that died 1 day later , 1 from the pet store that died 3 days later . What a piece of rubbish !!! When I have an alternative I will up date this post .
 This worked great for 2 and 1/2 months , and then it stopped producing UVB -LRB- It was supposed to work for 12 months -RRB- and my Dragon stopped eating and pooping . Research the MegaRay or the T-Rex mercury Vapor bulb for a professional set up . I went online , and others are having the same issues .
 My red ear slider began having swollen eyes for a while , even at a 13 '' height . I had to push the UV light back a little since I could n't adjust the height any higher . Now I ca n't tell if the light is working or not . I should have gotten 5.0 UVB
 ok , this was a good idea and it was easy to install . However , i 'm not sure it would fit just any dog house and also , i have a rottweiler and it didnt last long . She actually tore it out of the dog house and ripped it up . waste of money for me .
 I purchased a bag of Nutro Ultra Small bree dog food for 34.00 . It was not Nutro Ultra and the bag was the size of a 17.99 size that I could have purchased at Petsmart . So much for great prices ... I bASICALLY PAID DOUBLE AND IT WAS N'T WHAT I ORDERED !!!!!!!!
 ok , this was a good idea and it was easy to install . However , i 'm not sure it would fit just any dog house and also , i have a rottweiler and it didnt last long . She actually tore it out of the dog house and ripped it up . waste of money for me .
 Very bright but burns out very quickly . maybe around 1/3 of its actual listed run time . It does the job though .
 It came on time but it also came in a damaged box , which would n't usually be a big deal if it was for me , but I was expecting to wrap it as a gift for my sister . I was also expecting the lamp itself as it said `` HEAT LAMP '' directly on the box , and it was only the bulb . I was really disappointed with the damage and the fact that it was n't what I wanted AT ALL I am sending it back to get my money back . I was so mad , now I have to get another gift for my sister in hope that I can find one that will ship on time .
 I 've bought these from a pet store and they work well . thought id save some money n order them online but they both come in shattered ... guess ill just pay a lil extra n keep getting em from the store .
 Not a bad light BUT reptiles NEED UVB for their bones . You should look for a UVA/UVB light , more expensive but they last a long time and will help keep your rep healthy .
 I am very diasappointed in the bulbs thst i received . Zoo med red incandescent bulbs should be made of red glass ; these were obviously painted ... BEWARE ! Possible that different item placed in ZooMed packaging There is also no mark that this is a ZooMed product
 I thought this would be wonderful for my miniature dachshund ... but he paid no attention to it as a puppy . Now all he wants to do is tear it apart and hump it , that is embarrassing so I took it away lol .
 Unfortunately , our new puppy could care less about it . We had hoped it would help with crate training , but our puppy just stepped on it and cried !
 It may be useful for new born puppies but i bought it for my 8 week old vizsla that was coming to us -LRB- a new home -RRB- . The first day i used it she tore it up . Riping the velcro off and getting inside and ripping the stuffing out . The concept was awesome but as stated before must be for one to two week old pups or tiny breeds .
 I ordered 2 of these for puppies that are going to a new home for christmas . First the stuffed animal is of the lowest quality , the type you would find at a county fair , fur is not soft . Second one of the packages was open and one item was missing . I called the seller who said they would have the vender call me , passing the buck and the vender never called me . The warm packs are just the hand warmers you can get a box of at costco . I am very disappointed with this product it is trash . You would be better off buying a stuffed animal for a fraction of the price and cut a opening and making a pouch that you can put something warm in . Cute idea but they totally rip you off with poor quality .
 This is not very good for peaceful rooms . This wheel squeaks too loudly . Lucky and trixie -LRB- my hamsters -RRB- love this item , but as for the owner , no . Get this if you are a heavy sleeper or if you really love your pet
 I bought this because the company crash-tested the product and it 's composed of human style components . However , it might be great for a large dog but I would n't recommend it for small dogs . My two are slim 20 pounds and the heavy buckles seemed like they weighed more than the dogs . The adjustable front pad could n't be secured in place so it also tended to slip around their slim bodies when they moved . I would not recommend this for small dogs .
 I bought this harness because my dog goes crazy in the car unless she is buckled down and hops from the front seat to the back on the whole ride . I wanted her to be safe on trips and also prevent me from getting distracted . It would n't stay secure on my dog due to the front plastic piece which make the hole for the head larger and smaller being too loose and not staying in place . I would recommend that you do not buy this product , it is not safe for your pets , especially if they like to wiggle around .
 I found the PetBuckle Safety Harness to be heavy and clunky . There is no need for the seatbelt size buckles on it - at least not for my dog , who weighs 30 lbs . After using it a couple of times I realized that I can attach the tether to my dog 's regular harness , and then connect it to the car -- achieving the same effect for less money . So my recommendation is to skip the Safety Harness and either use your dog 's current harness or buy one . Purchase only the Safety Tether . It 's much easier to use and just as effective .
 Should be called dog crunchies ... Chews imply they will last longer than 3 seconds ... they are brittle , not chewy like tendons I have previously purchased . While the dogs like the taste , they do not offer any chew time .
 Looked like these would be great when they first arrived . The pieces are large , and my pup enjoyed chewing away at them . However , my pup has a sensitive stomach and these treats give him loose stools whenever he eats them . I would not recommend for dogs with sensitive stomachs . Stick with flossies .
 Trying to install this with the 8 section ware canvas is pretty difficult . It takes a bit of finesse , a lot of cursing , and bending of the wire cages to get it in . On one install -LRB- We 've gone through two already since the rabbits we have chew right through the bottom -RRB- the bending of the cage to fit the canvas on broke the metal wire on one of the panels . I 've tried to be as gentle as possible with the same results both times , the second time being harder than the first . Either they need to add more material or find a better material to use . It does n't last very long with rabbits either , the first went for a month before a tear began , and the second only a week . I do n't think anything can really hold up to rabbits teeth , but I was hoping for longer than a week.But this is the only one of these I could find at this size with the edges that go up a bit over the bottom of the cage , so what can you do ? A blanket lasts even less time and placing a harder material means instead of the material tearing the rabbits teeth get ground down . So ... c'est la vie .
 I bought this cover as a floor for the Ware playpen -LRB- a recommended use -RRB- . It lasted two days and my tiny mini-lop ate right through it giving her access to the luscious apartment carpet below ... do not buy one of these covers . . they simply are not durable enough
 I purchased the Ware Playpen and the Cavas Cover at the same time . Although I am thrilled with the quality and sturdiness of the pen itself , this cover is completely useless . It is very thin and tears easily . Within eight hours of letting my rabbit run around on it , he had dug two very large holes -LRB- about 6 '' across -RRB- in the fabric , and there were several small rips and deep scratches just from him running around.Mind you , my rabbit is not very large , nor is he particularly rambunctious . I made my own lining out of some plastic-covered material from Beverly 's -LRB- the kind you make outdoor furniture with -RRB- and it has held up well for several weeks now . I am very disappointed with the quality of this product .
 Bought both the Cage and 2 covers . The first time I put on the blue cover , it ripped . A couple of days later the green cover ripped . By that time my `` return window '' has expired . I did n't know I even had a `` return window '' . Sooooo now if I return the covers I 'll only be credited partially AND I have to pay the shipping.Do NOT buy these covers ! If you still do , make sure you try them right away . Do n't get stuck like I did . I do n't know that 'll I 'll ever order through Amazon again .
 I wish I had taken the time to read the other reviewer 's comment before I wasted money time and my cat 's mental health on the Staywell door!We had a cat-mate magnetic door for some years . It worked great , and solved our raccoon problem . It recently broke so I replaced it with what I thought was the same model . Oops . The Staywell is flimsy , and not powered like the Cat-Mate , and so even a gentle push trips the latch letting any remotely motivated animal push their way in.At first I thought I had installed it incorrectly , but when I looked carefully , I found that it had very light plastic parts , easily bent with little force.Within a day or two , the racoons had found the weak link in the fortress and have been dining at will nightly , so we have had to lock the door . My poor cat is freaked out , since the only time we ever lock the door is when it 's time to go to the vet . And , he has to duke it out with a rapidly growing family of raccoons . Nothing several years of cat-psycho-therapy wo n't resolve , I hope : - -RRB- Anyway , stick with the Cat-mate . It 's a good design and works well .
 After installing this pet door , I 'd recommend not buying it.Cons : - Only two screws hold this together - It wo n't fit snugly against the door and is easily pulled loose - Instructions are worthless - No template is included for cutting hole in door - The parts are made of the cheapest plastic possiblePros
 We have a very large dog , two medium size ones and three cats . We hoped for an economical pet door that would permit the cats to go outside while keeping the warm air and dogs in . Once the Petsafe door was installed and the cats discovered it , the large dog stuck his head into the opening to find out where his feline friends were . That was the end of the door as a functioning unit and it does n't seem to be repairable . The little locking mechanism and strip are not on the door anymore and cold air is blowing into the house.I 'm sure that this would be an adequate product in a home with cats only , especially for an inside door . In our home , this was a waste of money and will continue to cost us heating dollars until we can replace it with something dog-proof .
 We purchased this cat door about 8 months ago , and are at the point that we need to replace it . It was easy to install -LRB- 30 minutes max -RRB- and our cats are able to go through it easily , but the locking mechanism does not work . Our cats -LRB- small females -RRB- are able to push right through the door even when it 's in the locked position . There are times we would like to keep the cats contained in the basement , but to do so we have to put something in front of the cat door or tape it shut . The last time we did this , one of the cats chewed the magnetic strip right off the door , so now it does not stay closed . Do not purchase this door if you need to lock it from time to time .
 This door did not work for me . While our cat was able to learn to operate it very quickly the stupid bully cat it was intended to keep out learned to open it in a few short weeks . It seems that simply by pushing against it repeatedly the latch starts swinging and bully cat can walk right in with as little fuss as Grace . A waste of money .
 Who to blame ? - A little clarity would be niceI feel I 'm owed some kind of explanation , but twice it was returned before everreaching my doorstep
 My husband and I spent way too long trying to get this stupid door to work . It appears that it is defective . The door swings out no problem , but does not swing back in . The little red tab that is supposed to respond to the magnet simply does not work . Do n't waste your money or time on this product !
 The magnetic device is n't worth a darn . It simply will not operate the device . I even took it off the cat 's collar and tried it manually in my hand ... it 's just does n't do it.I bought this particular model with the magnetic lock to keep out stray cats , but it 's currently held open with clothes pins so my cat can come and go on the porch -LRB- there is another cat door in the wall from the porch to the house -RRB- . Luckily , the neighborhood strays cats have left since the neighbor moved , a neighbor who used to leave food out of any and all cats -LRB- once the food was gone the strays moved on to better feeding grounds -RRB- .
 I do n't consider my cats the smartest ones out there by any means , but by the end of the first day , they not only figured out how to climb through this door , but how to paw at the lock long enough to wiggle it and move the door to the open position . Even putting items in front of the door does n't keep them in anymore . If you 're needing to use the lock on this door , do n't bother . It does n't take much for them to get through on their own , whether or not the door is locked .
 I purchased this item from my local pet store so I could get it quickly . When I opened the package the item did not operate at all . It had been factory sealed in a plastic bag so ther is no way it could have been tampered with . I decided to pop open the case to see if something on the mechanism had come loose . I was appalled to see that there was a linkage completely missing . I was not impressed with the quality control . I returned it to my pet store and purchased the CAT MATE ELECTROMAGNETIC CAT DOOR for $ 10 bucks more . It works awesome ! It actualy uses a battery-powered electro-magnet switch to open the door . The switch is very sensitive and opens perfectly . Definatley worth a few more bucks .
 I was so excited to order 2 of these for my rabbits . The description says that it is colored with edible - safe food dye . When they arrived I realized the tops of them were painted :-LRB- ... !!!! I do not want my rabbits eating paint ! I like the design , minus that . So I sawed the top of the carrot off then re-hooked them . Had I known the top was paint , I would n't have ordered these .
 Well , these are certainly pieces of wood for animals to chew on . Big deal . I can just go pick up some contaminated wood outside , cover it in rubbing alcohol , and throw it in my oven . That cooks the germs right off . Animals do n't need stupid shapes and colors for their chewables.That 's not my main problem with this product , however . These `` wood treats '' are specifically labeled as `` fruit flavored '' . What a stinking lie ! I tasted them myself . Do you know what they taste like ? Wood . Just wood . Not even wood from a fruit-producing plant . Nope , this just has a distinctly boring wood flavor.I advise you to save your money and avoid this bogus product .
 After waiting 2 weeks for my purchase of a dog collar , I was forced to email the seller and they informed me they were out of stock but forgot to email to tell me . Seller then said that it would be approximately 10 days until the dog collar would be able to be shipped , I 've waited 20 days and have not heard a thing . I have tried to contact the seller on 3 different occasions , but I have yet to get a straight answer from them . I would discourage anyone from using them due to their terrible customer service .
 This product is nearly impossible to clean and sanitize . There is really no good way to clean it without it bending in weird ways and the bark breaks off . If not cleaned correctly it is the perfect hiding spot for parasites and will mold easily.Snakes prefer hides that block more light than this hide can in order to feel safe . Something that touches them on all sides is much better .
 I bought this filter based on many reviews saying that if you can afford it , Eheim is the best and the quietest . Well , I shelled out the big bucks and got the Professional 3 . Well , it is pretty quiet and that 's probably why I have this first complaint about this filter . First , I was disappointed in the flow rate . Second , the primer does not easily start up the filter . Finally , I 've had it for less than a year , and after cleaning it and restarting it by using the primer pump , the primer pump broke this week . I ca n't believe how cheaply made it was . The pump is made of plastic . I contacted the company which says `` 3 Year Guarantee '' on their website . It 's been two weeks and I 've contacted them twice and I have not heard a single peep from them . I will never buy Eheim again . I 'm going with Fluval next .
 EHEIM Professional 3e 2078 External Electronic Canister Filter for up to 185 US GallonsI will make this as short as possible ... do n't purchase this product , very disappointing quality and functionality.Flow rate is miserable ... using this on a 150G tank as it states it 's good for up to 185G tank . Well I tell you the flow rate is so miserable I would n't use it on a 55G tank . This is with brand new pads and media ... I ca n't imagine after things get a little dirty and restrict the flow some.My fish would never survive with this filter.Also , the filter trays and components are very cheaply made ... not up to the published standards of Eheim.I returned this filter within 2 days of purchase.If your looking for a canister filter for a larger tank look at the Marineland C-530 ... much less expensive and is a lot more durable with quality parts and has a great flow rate.Stay away from the Eheim 3e 2078 `` Electronic '' canister filter !
 The title says it all . I had just sent back a brand new Eheim 2076 for leaking after 10 minutes of operation ! I figured it was a fluke and was excited to get the new unit , but that excitement quickly turned to absoloute disgust . I sent the product back to the dealer.I decided on a Fluval FX5 and have been very happy with that purchase.As an aside , I was able to use the Eheim mechanical and biological material in the Fluval FX5 and the Eheim material is performing its duties well -LRB- keeping the tank healthy -RRB- .
 The Atlanta falcons collar I ordered was a medium . The collar I recieved was a xx small does not fit
 The ramp I received is only somewhat similar to the ones pictured here . The hinges are different and an obviously much cheaper design , and the design is entirely different . On a superficial level , the description is accurate
 Bought one of these for my parakeet - first one I got was defective , didnt work , so I sent it back . The replacement worked at the beginning and my parakeet LOVED it , but then 1 month later , it stopped working . I decided to buy a second one -LRB- third mirror mate so far -RRB- and again it didnt work so I exchanged it for one that did work - you guessed it , this time 2 months later , dead again . Its too bad the recording system is of such poor quality because birds love it , but 4 defective mirror mates out of 4 is more than a coincidence . I hope they come out w either a better quality product or the competition comes up w one that actually works . At $ 18 a pop and returns and mailing charges , Im out $ 45 bucks so far and none work . Very frustrated !! - do yourself a favor and wait for mirror mate II or a knock off that works - the current one SUCKS !!
 I got this product today and had a question so I called the number listed on the packaging . The company that I contacted was Virbac . They said they sold that product line years ago to Sergants . I called them and they said that the product I have is very old so I ended up returning it to Amazon . If your package has Virbac anywhere on the packaging it is old and might not be viable anymore .
 This description does not specify anywhere , but the product is only for fresh water tanks . I 'm a bit frustrated because I only noticed this small print after I had torn apart the packaging .
 We received a free sample of Feline Greenies in the mail today from PETCO . Our 13 indoor cats gobbled the entire 1-oz . package in less than 10 minutes . Even our finicky eaters loved them . We are very careful pet owners , double-checking every ingredient in anything that they eat -LRB- in the same way that we watch our own food -RRB- . Unfortunately , I fed first and checked later -LRB- something that I have NEVER done before and will never do again -RRB- ! Imagine my dismay when I found menadione sodium bisulfite in this product . This toxic , unapproved ingredient has no business in our pet food . Its use is prohibited in many European countries , and our own FDA wo n't approve it.We have requested that PETCO discontinue the sale of this product immediately , until the manufacturer removes this poison.If you love your cats , you will not feed this product to them . Just do a web search for `` menadione sodium bisulfite -LRB- MSB -RRB- '' . You 'll be a better cat owner , that 's for sure ...
 The size was fine my dog is 30lbs and got a medium size but this collar lasted only a few days my dog got it off repeatedly just when scratching his neck . The buckle is not secure enough it pulls right apart . It looked very comfortable on him but it definitely needs a stronger buckle for medium and large sizes . Would n't recommend for bigger dogs .
 This item is not as pictured nor as described . As others have said , the fastener is flimsy plastic , not stainless steel as in the description . Also , the collar -LRB- s -RRB- in the picture have a small dog logo on them . The one I received has a big , black , `` Planet Dog '' patch that takes up a good 2 inches of space . It does n't look good at all.Aside from getting simething different than advertised , the thing 's too bulky . My dog has a 13.5 '' neck , and once it 's adjusted only about 1/2 the surface touching his neck is fleece . The rough hemp part overlaps terribly on the inside . And where it 's adjusted -LRB- nicely hidden in the pic -RRB- is way too bulky . The large , uncomfortable-looking metal adjusting ring creates bump that sticks out and then the collar is doubled up after that . It looks absolutly huge on my 30 lb . dog . At first I thought the big metal adjuster was part of the packaging to be removed . It 's awful.Maybe this collar has changed since some of the positive reviews , or some of these people work for Planet Dog . But I can not give this collar more than 1 star and I 'll be sending it back asap . I do n't like giving negative reviews but ca n't think of one positive thing to say about this .
 There is a serious design flaw with this collar . Since they do not offer a small in the fleece lined collar , I ordered a medium which says it will fit my dog 's 12 inch neck size . The collar is sooooo huge it could fit an elephant and if made small enough to fit the dogs neck , there is no fleece even touching him , it 's sooo stupid . So , I do like the look of the collar and the fleece is soft , that I decided to cut the collar to my dogs size and sew it . The buckle is really big and made out of cheap plastic !!!! I do n't understand why they dont offer more sizes considering the point of this collar is to have the `` COZY FLEECE '' against your dog 's neck . I have no idea why I kept this collar to be honest , it was a waste of money !
 Was so excited to get this for my dog . The fleece lining was very cozy but I had to give it one star because one of the plastic clips broke after only one week of her wearing it . Now it is completely useless . For the price , I expected better quality .
 This was soft , nice looking , eco-friendly . But what 's the use of a dog collar with a plastic loop for the leash that snaps at the first rabbit that crosses the dog 's path ? My 50 pound mutt easily broke the plastic loop when she was at my friend 's house . She had to be tied up for safety while visiting because he does n't have a fence -- when a bunny showed up she busted through the loop instantly . Thank goodness she came right back but it could have been a tragedy . Do n't let this happen to your beloved pet . Get a collar with a metal loop for the lead . You never know.On the plus side , Amazon was great with everything about the return , including funding return shipping .
 I was looking for a comfortable collar for my dog , and selected this one after reading the reviews . First the collar is plush feeling and soft , however it 's bulky and at first glance the latch does not look sturdy . How true this turned out to be . On a walk with very little tension on the leash , the latch un-hinged and the collar release from around my dogs neck . Good thing I have a dog that is always right by my side , and would n't bolt out into the street . This item is bulky and flimsy , and I will be returning for a refund .
 I got this collar in blue for my puppy last October . The soft fleece is really nice , but that 's the only good thing I can say about this collar . The blue dye started to fade immediately and is now just a dingy pale blue one year later . The fabric frays too , I find myself clipping stray threads weekly . I 'm just glad the cheap plastic buckle has n't fallen apart , but it probably would if my dog continues to wear this for much longer.Save your money for something that will last ! Hippies beware !
 This is probably a very comfortable collar . I say only probably because it is quite thick and though the dog does n't seem to mind , it looks to me what it would feel like if I was wearing a thick scarf wrapped around my neck all the time.But that aside , what I really do n't like is that between yesterday when the collar finally went on his neck to this morning , it has already fallen off once . The clasp is just too easy to push , and when the two dogs wrestle - as they do a lot ! - one stray paw push was enough to unclasp the collar . That 's just not acceptable .
 I bought this so my dog would have the cozy side next to his neck . Well , this collar is grossly mis-sized , to the point where by the time I adjust it to fit him the cozy side is no longer next to his neck.Also it was supposed to have a chrome clasp and arrived with a plastic clasp.Nice collar otherwise Just be careful with sizing . I have a large breed dog and the large was too big for him .
 Who knew shopping for a dog collar could be so difficult ?? My dog 's neck measures 10.5 inches.Small adjusts from 8-10 `` Medium adjusts from 12-18 `` See the problem ??
 Because of the plastic piece that holds the collar clasp together snapped , my dog broke her collar while she was on the yard leash . She then attacked another dog and by city regulations had to be put down . I spent money , time , and energy on this animal for a faulty piece of equipment to be the cause of her death . I do n't get it . You have a metal piece for hook up the leashes too . why not take the extra time to make all the pieces metal to secure the collar . You guys will never get another penny from me and I will never endorse anything again from this company . Good day to you Sirs and Mams .
 From the info I read , I understood that the small collars were the only ones with plastic clasps , and the mediums and larges had a heavier duty metal clasp . I ordered a medium for my 35 lb basenji and a large for my 80 lb german shepard mix . They are both VERY hard on their collars , and I do n't even like to get them adjustable collars because they break too easy , but I thought the metal might be tough enough , at least for a while . I was so mad when I opened the wastefully huge box Amazon sent the collars in -LRB- which was damaged -RRB- and realized that there were two collars with wimpy plastic clasps . I am very disappointed and I ca n't even find a phone number to call and complain !
 I ordered a large collar , but was sent a medium , which at it 's longest is 19 '' . Here it is I thought I underestimated the size of my dog 's neck as opposed to actually measuring the size of the collar . I guess that 's what I get for trusting the vendor . My poor dog has been suffering a very snug collar for the last five months because I thought it was my fault ! I wo n't order again from this vendor , but on a positive note , the hemp collar is soft and less bothersome than vinyl , plastic or leather .
 this collar is too bulky for my small french bulldog . I do like that it is soft and the colors are nice .
 I did n't read carefully before ordering - with the cutesy name I assumed it was lamb jerky of some kind . They are actually dehydrated lamb lungs . My dog did not like them . They have quite an odor , which I also was n't expecting . Some dogs might like them , especially large breeds . I wo n't order them again for my medium-sized Shiba Inu .
 I have bought this product from Pet Mart and it was very good , but buying from your on-line the product was very bad ... It was so old and hard like a rock . I called the company that this item was sent to me and they told me to either throw it away or give it to a animal shelter and they could not refund my money.I will not buy any thing again .
 When I got the product at first I liked it and it looked good on my beagle Spark Plug . I also liked it because it was an adjustable collar . On the down side where I set the adjustment on the collar it constantly moves so I have to move it back which is VERY ANNOYING . I have never had a dog collar do that . Also it looks like it was made with cheap components which would explain alot . I have three dogs and went thru alot of collars , but this is the most troublesome one I have had . The only reason I got it was because it was a Cincinnati Reds collar and it was an adjustable . Too bad I ca n't get my money back !
 I 've purchased cotton using the same order pulled up from Amazon orders . Usually 10 rolls once or twice per year . The previous batches were great ; they unrolled fine , layers were separated with paper , and smooth . The last batch from March 2012 was just terrible . Only partially separated with paper , lumpy , and rolls are narrower on one end than the other . I 'd give it less than a 1 if I could and would returned it but used two rolls thinking one was just an anomaly . Looking for a new supplier.The recent batch is paper covered and not the roll pictured .
 Just a warning to other aquarists who may be interested in purchasing this blue light for moonlight in your aquarium . It is not a piece that can be purchased on its own , you must buy the adapter plug to actually be able to power the light . Mine is sitting in its box until I buy A SEPARATE PIECE that serves ONLY as a wall plug . No where on the product description does it tell you that . Now I have to decide whether to spend another ten dollars on a plug , or return the light and get something else that I can actually use .
 You need to buy some other kind of attachment before it will work . I was very disappointed because when it says `` comes with 6 ft cord !! '' You NEED TO HAVE A FRICKIN PLUG ! Not something that goes with something else unless STATED .
 Our Vizsla -LRB- who likes to be warm at all times -RRB- has n't really cared for it , she climbed inside a few times after the bed arrived , but has n't really used it since .
 My dogs did n't know how to use it . But beside that fact , the plastic tube that holds the cover up is coming out of the fabric and can stick my dogs . The soft fabric falls out without the dogs chewing on it .
 I ordered this dog bed and it was the wrong color from what was pictured on the website . It was suppose to be plum -LRB- purple -RRB- and it came to me as a maroon red color plus the bed was way too overstuffed . My dog had to litterly `` JUMP '' into the bed and it was like a round ball it was so overstuffed ! Not happy at all !
 i have tried it and it does n't work my dogs breath is still bad well at least i did n't lose a lot of money on this product
 This stuff was recommended for my cat by my Cat Clinic veterinarian to help my kitty 's digestive problems . Well , after a month or more of using it we saw no difference . Prozyme might work for others but it did n't work for my cat . I do n't like that I could n't find the source of the `` enzymes '' that are in the product .
 I purchased this product because of the good reviews . My dog had constant stool problem . I use Prozyme for weeks mow and no change . The vet says no healths problem he has only this , sometimes mucus stool.Do I need to use it for a longer time to get result ?
 My dog would not get into the bed . The bed would also not stay upright so everytime I put him into the bed it rolled over which freaked him out more . This seemed like such a great idea especially since I have a dog who loves to burrow . Unfortunately it turned out to be a disappointing waste of money .
 I should have purchased this item from amazon for the much lower price than the one I paid at a local dealer , thinking I was doing the right thing by keeping the business local . I should have taken the dog to the store and introduced him to the thing to get his opinion . But it was Christmas eve and I wanted to buy a luxury bed for my dog . Well you know the local business thing , they never return your money and in this case not even to be bound to the slavery of purchasing something else in their store . My dog and this thing just did n't happen . Even the doggie friends he occasionally stays with did n't even attempt the thing . Accused of being `` unhealthy '' for a bed no dog could figure out , I was condemned to own it forever . I was encouraged to stick treats inside of it as if that would solve its fundamental design flaws . I could n't even return the bed for a store credit . So , having now nearly 100 dollars invested in this thing I am designing to take it apart , rework the cushion so that the dog does n't slide off the center onto the floor off the edge , remove the rough synthetic sheep garbage and replace it with a soft material , and design the hood so that it zips off , in the event that we might like to use the dog bed in a season other than winter . When I succeed in getting my dog to want to use it ... and he wo n't even crawl into his old bed if it sits on top of it ... I will let all of you disappointed and screwed out of your money customers know about it . As for the local store ... I will never buy anything from them ever again .
 the small size has the bed surface touching the top , there is no cavity for the dog unless the dog knew to push its way into the bed . My dogs wo n't go in the bed for this reasonJRF
 I really thought my dog would like a bed like this . It seems like a good idea
 I dropped the money on this bed for my Italian Greyhound . He LOVES being under blankets and loves his other dog bed so I thought he would love this bed . Not so much ... He is scared to death of it . Wo n't go in it , on it or even near it . I thought perhaps it was overstuffed so I took out some of the stuffing ... Nope , when that did n't work I tried putting some treats in it ... Nope . It 's a no go ... Now I 'm out quite a bit of cash for nothing :-LRB- Dogs are just afraid of it.By the way I also have a jack russell and fox terrier who also wo n't go near it .
 I have a 25lb burrowing dog who would n't go inside this bed and for good reason . The one time I was able to bribe him inside , he had to worm-squirm to the back -LRB- no headroom -RRB- then the thing tipped over on him when he finally made it all the way inside.Took my tape measure out and found the bed is barely 23 '' in diameter and that is when bed is flattened to the floor after the top has been removed . With the top on , the diameter is only 21 '' . The materials are pretty flimsy , and I see after 5 minutes of dragging the bed sans roof around , my basenji has torn it open and is proceeding to empty it 's contents .
 The colors are extremely misleading . The medium blue is very light and looks nothing like the pictures . Upon closer inspection of the color pictures , it looks like they -LRB- poorly -RRB- photoshopped the colors . The dog is tinted differently in each pic!The product itself seems fine , but is very expensive . I used to have the Petmate Burrow Bed for 60 % of the price , but it has been discontinued and this seems the only alternative . I would n't mind so much about the extra cost except that I really dislike the medium blue color . It sucks . To return this and get a different color would cost 20 % + shipping , which is out of the question for an already very expensive dog bed . Seller , your pictures are misleading and make your customers unhappy with their purchase . This nets you poor reviews ! : -LRB- As others have noted , the cushion is very soft and very thick , so the bed could roll over if the animal gets too close to the edge . I think this is only a problem for larger dogs . My 13 lb Puggle fits in the small bed just fine . The small bed is n't that small , two of her could fit in it , but if she was much bigger I could see she might tip over the bed . So , be sure to buy the right size for your dog .
 We bought this bed for our 12 lb . dog straight from the manufacturer after reading the reviews . It was a total waste of money because we had to pay $ 20 to ship it back . The opening is too narrow for our dog to get enough traction to climb in . And when he did , he slid off the back edge and the bed tilted on its side . He would n't go near it again.Great idea but poorly designed .
 I give this one star only because I can not give it zero stars . I had the exact same experience with this product as another reviewer , in that when I filled it up it immediately starting leaking out of the bottom . As the other reviewer said , `` The bottom section was just two pieces pressed together and did not have a tight seal . '' Amazon refunded my money , so all is good . But , I would highly recommend that you avoid this hummingbird feeder like the plague . I later bought a pretty glass one at Lowe 's which I am very happy with ; it looks classy and does not leak ... not even a little .
 I received the feeder in the mail , filled it up and it immediately starting leaking out of the bottom . The bottom section was just two pieces pressed together and did not have a tight seal . I was able to slightly melt the two halves back together but others might not appreciate having to modify the feeder just to make it leak proof .
 I have a total of 9 feeders around my property and my hummers empty ALL of them except this one . It 's not just my hummers either I have a friend who bought the same variety of feeders and her hummers refuse this one too . Then I was at another friends the other day and noted that she also had this dewdrop feeder and sure enough her hummers also will not feed from it . One day I had an empty one and hungry hummers wanting something so I replaced it with this Dew drop style one to see if they would feed and NOPE they all left so I filled up the empty one and rehung in the same place and my hummers were happy again . I DO NOT reccomend buying this feeder . I do n't know whether it 's the base of the bottle my my hummers are giving it a big cold wing !!!!!!
 i was advised to get one of these because they are indestructable , but my dog destroyed it in less than an hour . Not worth the money .
 I wish you would make a worthwhile product that unrolls in separate sheets instead of twisting and unwinding unevenly ; for $ 4 a throw its a really crappy product . I would buy another brand if Fred Meyer had them available . Worthless product .
 The sticky paper worked fine but the handle came apart on me . I could tell that they 'd done a poor job of gluing it together . I ended up supergluing the handle back on and it works fine now .
 I did n't try the shampoo , so this review is for the `` solution '' only . let me cut to the chase
 WHILE QUITE EXCITED ABOUT THE FURMINATOR BRUSHES , I FOUND THIS SHAMPOO TO BE ABOUT LIKE ANY OTHER DOG SHAMPOO . IF IT WAS SUPPOSED TO `` HELP '' THE DOG SHED , IT DID NOT CARRY THROUGH . ALSO , IT DID NOT SEEM TO LEAVE MY DOG 'S FUR SMELLING GREAT OR SOFTER THAN BEFORE USING THE PRODUCT . SAVE YOUR MONEY TO SPEND IT ON THE BRUSHES !
 I am not pleased that I received this product . It seems that Amazon.com just could not let me get by with ordering just the Fuminator and not the addition of shampoo . I guess I was just not paying enough money . I am not a professional groomer and could never bathe a cat . The Furminator I wanted but not the shampoo . If I had sent back the shampoo , I would have had to pay for shipping which is about the same as the product itself . Maybe I did not order correctly . I will take the cat to be professionally groomed and use the product at that time .
 Bought this for a pug puppy about 4 months old , weighing a whopping 8.3 lbs . Within 5 minutes , the hook on one end of the cable snapped in two . Thanks goodness we were right there when it happened and did n't have to chase the dog very far . We have since ordered one for a 40lb dog and have yet to have problems.If you have a feisty dog that likes to tug at the tie-out cable , this definitely is NOT for you . The cable seems sturdy enough , so I may try putting some new hook ends on it . The ones it came with are nothing but `` pot metal '' junk .
 Almost impossible to get in touch with the manufacturer . The door is hard to install and the directions do n't cover all the bases . Forget about getting a hold of any further info if you get stuck .
 This product is for the most irrisponsible of dog owners.The Kind of people that should not own a dog or any animal at all.You should never keep your pet in the open bed of a truck , espically tied to the middle of the truck by their collar.Be responsible , get a crate secure the crate , put the dog in the crate .
 We purchased this as a way to keep our little Chihuahua puppy confined so he did n't get into trouble , but as soon as we got it out of the box we realized it was n't going to work for us . It seems too unstable and he did n't appreciate the fact that he could n't look out and see what we are doing . We were very concerned that it would tip over if he jumped up on it -LRB- and he only weights 1 pound -RRB- . We ended up returning it and getting an indoor dog playpen , which is working out just perfect .
 I bought this to contain a litter of rats but the thing curled in on itself . Even the mama rat was able to crawl underneath it.I did set it up `` against '' the curl but it still would not stand up .
 This product is extremely difficult to put together . It 's not worth the risk of paying for expensive shipping costs both ways .
 This thing works great at first , good length and quality . But it rust its self closed in no time . You have to struggle to open either end of it . I would not suggest this to anyone . Find a better company with a better product .
 When I received the tie out I thought it was perfect . It was the correct length , durable and the blue coated line looked great . I have had this product for four weeks . Today I tied up the dog to go outside to go to the bathroom and 2 minutes later the dog was gone ! I ran outside int he snow to look for the dog and luckily after 4-5 minutes I found the dog safe . When I returned to the house I found that the lead had broken off at the base which allowed my dog to wander off . As I mentioned , I have had this new product for four weeks ? I purchased the &#34; medium &#34; tie out as my dog weighs 12 pounds.I would not recommend this product to anyone who loves their dog .
 I have a 9 lb . dog so I need to get this smaller tie outs . I 've bought them before with much success , they just start to fray after a couple of years . After one day , the hook broke off of the line and my dog was long gone . She made it back , but you 'd think a little dog could n't have ripped apart a device made for dogs ?
 Not great quality - within a few minutes my cats had ripped the toy completely off & I had to superglue it back on . Which meant that replacing the toy would not be an option . Also it 's so light weight that the lightest smack knocks it over . Such a great concept & they really wanted to play with it but just not worth the money with the design the way it is.It may work great for small kittens but do not recommend for adults .
 This thing breaks at the drop of a hat . When I can finally convince my cat 's to play with it , they usually detach the toy from the base in about two seconds . Then toy itself broke . Do not buy !
 We set up the panic Mouse 360 , and our cat just looked around for the source of the noise , but was n't at all impressed by the bouncing black ball on the stick . When we turned it off , he grabbed the ball , but the whole arm came off . A little crazy glue solved that problem , but he just is n't impressed at all by the turned on toy . He 's a bit hard to please , I guess .
 Within 3 Minutes my cat disconnected the entire wand from the mechanism . She was not interested in chasing the feather at all.She loves Cat Dancer , Laser toys and Fling-Ama-String .
 Do not waste your money on this cheap toy . It looks fun , but it 's noisy and not durable . Mine had a horrible * organic * smell when I got it , and it was absolutely filthy . So was the bubble wrap around it ! And the on/off button did not work
 My 9 month old cat pulled and clawed at this . The rod broke in 2 days . The motor also lots its speed and really could n't offer anything after the two days . What a waste of money .
 This thing gives my 7 month old kitten a lot of fun for 5 seconds . After five seconds , he 's caught it in his mouth , bent the rod , and halted the motor . After 10 seconds , he 's removed the mouse/feathers and rod from the base and I 'm chasing him down to retrieve it before he tears it up . It might work for my kitten with the following improvements
 We purchased this for our Shiba Inu because we do not have a fenced yard and wanted him to have a way to run off some energy . Shibas are also notorious escape artists . The cable comes with a loop on one end , but you have to make your own loop on the other end . This makes sense as you may need to adjust the length in order to properly hang to line . There is hardware for making the loop , but no instructions . It may be obvious to people who are mechanically inclined , but apparently that is n't me . We installed the line and were testing it when the second loop came undone . We were standing right there , the dog was not unattended . The only instructions are precautions about not leaving the dog unattended -LRB- which is helpful since the line fails if you put it up wrong -RRB- . There are no instructions about installation . There 's no diagram . There 's no phone number to call with questions . There 's no way to know if you have all the parts . We still do n't know what we did wrong . We will have to wait until we can ask one of our more mechanically inclined friends to help us before we can use the product . We wo n't use it again until then .
 Plastic wheel and the line coating came melted in a spot . Pretty nice though works great and is holding down my 60lb husky just fine.Edit
 I have purchased Snoozzy pet bumper beds many times in the past 7 years . The ones I had purchased most recently do not hold up well to being washed . On top of that they do n't look anything like the photo here and I was told by the manufacturer `` We are not responsible for the color of the bed . '' . The pictured cheetah print is ideal because it hides light colored fur as well as dark . The color of the `` cheetah '' beds they sent me most recently were actually dark brown with black spots . The fabric did nothing to hide light-colored cat fur so theywere of little use to me . I argued with the company for a refund but after paying shipping both ways , I would have spent over $ 30 . I was not willing to waste $ 30 when the product cost was only about $ 50 . I decided to use them in high up places where the fur buildup would not be noticedThe beds now are useless to me . The padding has lumped up into small , hard balls . I could n't figure out why my cats were n't using the new beds after several months of having used them . They preferred the older snoozzy beds for some reason . Finally I did a thorough , tactile inspection and I found several small , hard lumps in each of the newer beds . The cats had `` The Princess and the Pea '' syndrome . These newer beds have been washed , at most , a 6 or 7 times each but that was enough to cause the padding to knot up into really hard lumps . The Snoozy beds I purchased years ago have been washed dozens of times and they are fine . They seem to have a different padding inside . If you do n't foresee needing to wash your pets bed often , then this is a decent bed . Just plan on throwing it out after a handful of washings if there are any lumps - oh and do n't expect the color to be what is pictured .
 There is no substance to this product . It is as thin as a towel and provides no comfort for your pet . I suppose it might be preferred to laying on tile ; but if you have a rug , your dog will probably prefer the rug to this . I do n't know what other reviewers are talking about . This should not be considered a bed . It is simply a large piece of material with a cheetah print on it .
 Just because it 's made for chinchillas does n't make a it healthy for them . This food has far too many `` treats '' in it . A Chinchilla should be allowed 1 or 2 treats a day ... not a bowl full . I would not recommend this brand of food for chins .
 This is not a healthy product for chinchillas . A chinchilla who is fed this will invariably dig out the sweet stuff and leave all the healthy pellets at the bottom of his cage . This diet will result in a chin with a shortened life span and bad digging habits . Chinchillas need lots of dry timothy hay , a plain , high fiber alfalfa pellet , and 1/2 teaspoon a day of oats or oatmeal for a treat . Be a good chinchilla owner , feed something healthy for it , not something that looks yummy for you .
 I have purchased Snoozzy pet bumper beds many times in the past 7 years . The ones I had purchased most recently do not hold up well to being washed . On top of that they do n't look anything like the photo here and I was told by the manufacturer `` We are not responsible for the color of the bed . '' . The pictured cheetah print is ideal because it hides light colored fur as well as dark . The color of the `` cheetah '' beds they sent me most recently were actually dark brown with black spots . The fabric did nothing to hide light-colored cat fur so theywere of little use to me . I argued with the company for a refund but after paying shipping both ways , I would have spent over $ 30 . I was not willing to waste $ 30 when the product cost was only about $ 50 . I decided to use them in high up places where the fur buildup would not be noticedThe beds now are useless to me . The padding has lumped up into small , hard balls . I could n't figure out why my cats were n't using the new beds after several months of having used them . They preferred the older snoozzy beds for some reason . Finally I did a thorough , tactile inspection and I found several small , hard lumps in each of the newer beds . The cats had `` The Princess and the Pea '' syndrome . These newer beds have been washed , at most , a 6 or 7 times each but that was enough to cause the padding to knot up into really hard lumps . The Snoozy beds I purchased years ago have been washed dozens of times and they are fine . They seem to have a different padding inside . If you do n't foresee needing to wash your pets bed often , then this is a decent bed . Just plan on throwing it out after a handful of washings if there are any lumps - oh and do n't expect the color to be what is pictured .
 There is no substance to this product . It is as thin as a towel and provides no comfort for your pet . I suppose it might be preferred to laying on tile ; but if you have a rug , your dog will probably prefer the rug to this . I do n't know what other reviewers are talking about . This should not be considered a bed . It is simply a large piece of material with a cheetah print on it .
 I do n't find these balls `` tough '' at all . I purchased 20 packs when they were on sale for $ 1 as expendable balls for ground chase and river fetch at the local dog park . Instead of losing them , they 're being expended by falling apart . In less than two weeks , my dog -LRB- not huge - a 45 lb . year-old lab mix -RRB- has split four of them during routine play . Penn tennis balls seem to withstand a lot more play . At the price paid , its tolerable , but I 'm giving one star because I 'd be really unhappy if I had paid full price .
 Petsport Tuff Balls 2 PackThese balls are not tough at all . My husband purchased the two-pack thinking they would provide entertainment for our German Shepherd pup . In the beginning it was ok , but within an hour she tore the outter part and it started shredding . I noticed green pieces -LRB- shreddings -RRB- throughout the house . Later that night , she began to vomit and those same shreddings were present . After some TLC the next morning she was fine.I thought maybe is was a fluke ball . So a couple of weeks later I grabbed the other ball just to play catch , where I could monitor her use of the ball . But as puppies do , she somehow got a hold of it and the same thing happened . So I am convinced these balls are no good.I was trying to find the company to issue a complaint , but their website is not functional . So I will call , send an email , and send a letter .
 got these tuff balls for our 1 year old husky and he had them torn apart in less than a day . the outside skin did n't rip apart like a regular tennis ball would but the ball itself can crack and lose its shape very quickly if you let them chew on it for a while .
 this are n't anywhere near `` tuff '' . after 20 minutes of routine play our pointer mix had destroyed one . Guess we 'll have to find something else for her to play fetch with .
 These balls did n't last as long as regular Wilson tennis balls . It took 2 days for my dog to destroy the first ball . I gave the second one , hoping it was just a fluke , but she knew just how to break it open and this time it only lasted about an hour . The old tennis balls that a neighbor gave us are still fine and much bouncier . Save your money .
 I must agree with the WA reviewer , I have encountered the same poor quality and longevity with this product . My 3 1/2 yo Lab has played with these since a pup . A few years ago these balls were indeed STRONGER and TOUGHER than a tennis ball . I have purchased a lot of them -LRB- couple dozen -RRB- over the years . But the last two bags of normal size and the last Giant size I purchased have shown inferior quality . In a matter of one day of play I have noticed that every ball has separated the two halves under the fuzz covering rendering them useless . They no longer bounce and if you use them in the water for retrieving they fill with water inside and make a mess for the handler.Somewhere along the line the manufacturing process has switched to an inferior adhesive or vulcanizing process and they now split apart readily in play before they even get dirty . If the company does n't fix this manufacturing flaw -LRB- I ca n't find their website for contacting them -RRB- then they will need to change their advertising slogan as it is VERY deceptive and false . TUFF ... NOT any more !!! I 'm back to Wilson Tennis balls and a happy camper .
 Sadly these balls are not tough at all . I had them only a week before they were shredded . My dog only played with the balls at the beach . We would play fetch but he was not allowed to play with them unattended . I bought them because they were made in the USA and they were non toxic . I wish they would have lasted longer . I will not purchase them again .
 Bought these in the hopes that they would last longer than the normal Wilson/Penn tennis balls I was buying . My dog breaks through normal tennis balls within a day , generally . These `` Tuff '' balls last about 20 minutes . Another problem is that once they break , they leave bigger chunks of rubber behind than a regular tennis ball , which would concern me with smaller dogs and potential intestinal issues from swallowing . In short , these things are a waste of your money . Buy regular tennis balls and save your money . By the way , this is a Mini Golden Doodle we 're talking about , not a Doberman .
 I purchased a two pack of these balls for my dogs - 1 husky , 1 husky sheppard mix . Within 3 days both balls were cracked open , and within 3 more days the felt was ripped open . Regular tennis balls last longer . I will not be buying these again .
 My 9 lb jack russel destroyed two of these in hours of purchase do n't waste ur money , regular tennis balls are tougher
 There 's no question about it
 This ball is Garbage . Pure junk . Granted my dog is a APBT puppy , but these balls do n't last one play session with her . The rubber completely splits down the middle , leaving the ball in two halves . I guess they must be cast in halves and glued together ? The rubber is thick and tough , but the seam sucks . `` Industrial Strength '' for a Chihuahua maybe . I doubt they 'd even stand up to that.This toy could be DANGEROUS ! Do NOT leave your dog alone with this toy ! -LRB- or any toy really , but these come apart into smaller swallowable pieces . -RRB- Even better do n't waste your money and buy a Kong .
 I really should have included a picture of what my dog did to this ball within minutes of opening the package . They are not `` tuff '' . They are slightly thicker then the average tennis ball . If your dog shows no interest in chewing tennis balls this is the ball for you . I had hoped it would last at least a few weeks .
 The product was shipped to me and when I received it the bottle was empty . It had soaked the box it came in and the other product I ordered was wet , too . Tried to get it exchanged and it was never sent to me . I have never had a problem ordering from Amazon until this time . So I guess I 'll just have to enjoy my $ 10 empty bottle ! Waiting for my statement to see if I was billed , again for the replacement that never came .
 The product was shipped to me and when I received it the bottle was empty . It had soaked the box it came in and the other product I ordered was wet , too . Tried to get it exchanged and it was never sent to me . I have never had a problem ordering from Amazon until this time . So I guess I 'll just have to enjoy my $ 10 empty bottle ! Waiting for my statement to see if I was billed , again for the replacement that never came .
 I sent for this toy because in the past our black lab could not destroy one in two years . Our puggle gutted it in hours . I wonder if the quality is less .
 I have purchased Snoozzy pet bumper beds many times in the past 7 years . The ones I had purchased most recently do not hold up well to being washed . On top of that they do n't look anything like the photo here and I was told by the manufacturer `` We are not responsible for the color of the bed . '' . The pictured cheetah print is ideal because it hides light colored fur as well as dark . The color of the `` cheetah '' beds they sent me most recently were actually dark brown with black spots . The fabric did nothing to hide light-colored cat fur so theywere of little use to me . I argued with the company for a refund but after paying shipping both ways , I would have spent over $ 30 . I was not willing to waste $ 30 when the product cost was only about $ 50 . I decided to use them in high up places where the fur buildup would not be noticedThe beds now are useless to me . The padding has lumped up into small , hard balls . I could n't figure out why my cats were n't using the new beds after several months of having used them . They preferred the older snoozzy beds for some reason . Finally I did a thorough , tactile inspection and I found several small , hard lumps in each of the newer beds . The cats had `` The Princess and the Pea '' syndrome . These newer beds have been washed , at most , a 6 or 7 times each but that was enough to cause the padding to knot up into really hard lumps . The Snoozy beds I purchased years ago have been washed dozens of times and they are fine . They seem to have a different padding inside . If you do n't foresee needing to wash your pets bed often , then this is a decent bed . Just plan on throwing it out after a handful of washings if there are any lumps - oh and do n't expect the color to be what is pictured .
 There is no substance to this product . It is as thin as a towel and provides no comfort for your pet . I suppose it might be preferred to laying on tile ; but if you have a rug , your dog will probably prefer the rug to this . I do n't know what other reviewers are talking about . This should not be considered a bed . It is simply a large piece of material with a cheetah print on it .
 This product seemed less sturdy than the other Vermont style toys . Our small dog pulled it apart in a matter of a few minutes of chewing . Also , the product is not 8 x 8 x 2 . What we received was at best 6 inches long , maybe 1.5 inches wide , and perhaps 2 - 2.5 inches high . Overall , it was a disappointment .
 We used to buy Vermont Chew man products for our black Lab and they lasted well . Not this one . the puggle destroyed it within a day .
 I had given this a great review when we first bought it two months ago , but now want to say , I would recommend you not buy it . Our dog has already ripped through the back side of it . The material is very flimsy/thin and I can see that all it would take is one claw catching in it and you would have a hole . Ours now has a huge gaping hole with stuffing falling out and there is really no way to patch it as the material basically came apart in shreds.I emailed Snoozzy and they will not do anything for me as their warranty does not cover pet damage . My feeling would be to stay away from this mat if your dog is not super dainty and always careful . I do n't think we should have this much damage so easily in such a short period of time . I think I ordered it in April.The front of the mat is cushy and very soft . Sort of like sheepskin , or fleece but softer . My dog loved it at first , but as the weather got warmer , she would push it so it hung out of her kennel and use it more like a pillow . I think it was too hot for her . Our dog is very furry and tends to run hot , so that 's not anyone 's fault.But , I would not recommend buying this . The back side is not sturdy enough for animals with claws . I found it to be a waste of my money and will not buy anything from Snoozzy again . Unfortunately , the only thing I can do with it now is throw it out .
 I bought this in small , black , to put in my dogs ' crates . It was furry and soft , but with practically no stuffing - it was like someone sewed two pieces of fabric together . They would have had a softer bed if I had folded a towel up instead .
 This product is not really a dog bed or what my dogs would call `` cozy '' It would be best used as a crate pad for short-term crating or as a bed only for dogs under 30lbs . Heavier dogs need more depth to their bed . For dogs over 30lbs if this bed were used on top of carpeting that has carpet padding below , that would be adequate for most dogs up to 90lbs , but still is n't ideal . Used on a wood/tile floor this bed does now allow your pet 's hip/shoulder joints to sink in.I have purchases dozend of pet beds for my rescue over the years . I ca n't for the life of me , figure out why this one is so pricy . One night we had both dogs in the same room and only one bed available . We took out an old comforter and folded it 4 ways . Our 60lb and 70lb dogs competed for the folded comforter and ignored the `` cozy comforter '' unless it was the only option -LRB- and that was on a carpeted floor -RRB- . The best beds for large dogs will have at least a thin layer of firm foam and/or a thick layer of soft foam . A layer of Poly-fill above the foam allows for them to snuggle in and nest while that layer of foam keeps bones from pushing through to a too-firm surface -LRB- your floor -RRB- . Poly-fill alone tends to shift leaving spots that do n't provide enough cushion . I have n't yet found a bed that is perfect for large dogs but is under $ 75 , so I just make my own . You can do this too . Just buy a low-cost or high-end a poly-fill dog bed that has the poly-fill in a liner . Remove a little of the stuffing -LRB- save for later if the bed goes flat over time -RRB- . Cut to size and insert 1-3 layers -LRB- 1 layer for dogs up to 50lbs , 2 layers for dogs up to 100 , 3 layers for giant dogs -RRB- of Target 2 '' mattress-pad foam into the outer liner and then insert the liner with poly-fill . The pad here is 4 '' so it is adequate for large dogs but over-kill for those under 50lbs . EggCrate Foam Mattress Pad - Thickness 4 inches
 This pet bed is sold as 23 x 16 inches and the appropriate size for a 24 x 18 dog crate . It totally is n't ! It measures barely 21 by 15 inches . That 's not going to cut it in my dog 's crate . Other than misrepresenting the size however , it is a nice little -LRB- very , very little -RRB- crate mat . Will definitely be returned . If you want to receive the actual size bed you ordered , this one is a pass .
 i ordered this bed to go in my dogs 48 '' wire metal crate -LRB- typical type -RRB- and it DOES state that the product is several inches smaller than crate but i assumed that this was just over-kill so people would know what it fit INSIDE the crate and wouldnt to way too large . i have a `` quiet time '' crate pad in there already and this bed FITS INSIDE my current bed , if that gives you any idea . i am going to keep this item since it is small enough to fit inside the other crate mat it kind of evens out the size difference but am disappointed that this can not be used solely to fit inside a typical crate , it will leave about 3 inches length and 3 inches width of nothingness on the sides .
 This is the 4th purchase of this product I have made over the last 3 years . I usually by 2 and rotate but I 'm glad I did n't this time . It appears the company has taken a step backward in quality . On the other 3 they were thick , plush , well made , and stand a lot of washing before degradation . This one is nearly the same visibly and is plush but I would say has about 30 % less filler and is less robust . The price is about the same . Looks like I 'll have to buy the more expensive products to get quality . The others lasted about 18 months . I doubt this will make 6 .
 I purchased the pet bed for my new puppy . I washed it as instructed , and during the process , 2 of the buttons came off , which resulted in making the stuffing in the bed bunch up , now the bed ca n't be used , which is too bad , as my puppy loved sleeping on it . Very disappointed .
 I take in stray cats . I currently have 14 , yep , 14 . Only one of them has anything to do with this , and that 's just to use it as a ladder to get elsewhere . The number one problem is the size of the lounging shelves or whatever they 're called . They are too small for an adult cat to lay on , sit on , or sleep on . While the measurements seem to suggest it 's big enough , the post takes up at least 5-6 '' of the shelf on a diagonal . The remaining area that is not obstructed by the post is about the size of a piece of 8 1/2 x 11 '' paper . Twelve of my cats are 15 lbs or bigger and they can barely sit on the shelf . There 's just no way for them to lay on it , at least half their body would be off of it.They also ca n't use it as a scratching post . With the shelves coming off of it at various angles , plus my having it up against a wall , it prevents them from being able to reach up straight and get a serious scratch going . They start to , but then hit either the first or second shelf and stop.But they absolutely loved the boxes it came in . They have been having so much fun with them that it makes it less disheartening to realize I spent that money for nothing.It is nice to look at compared to some I 've seen . It arrived quickly and in perfect shape . It is made of what looks like pvc piping , the tower is not wood , but carpet over plastic tube . I had no problems assembling it . I thought it was a tension type thing that worked on a spring but the top section actually has to be screwed up/down to get the right ceiling height . This took forever . Then , when I got close to the ceiling , the turning of the top piece to tighten it to the ceiling causes it to move around a bit and that knocked the texture off my ceiling in an area larger than the top piece covered .
 We 've had this item for less then a week and one of the platforms has already split . The wood is so cheap that it broke apart after our cats jumped on it a few times . The tower is also very wobbly and I was already considering adding an additional support system prior to it breaking .
 Product came with missing pieces -LRB- box where screws should have been was empty -RRB- . Product broke seconds into attempt to assemble -LRB- cheap material -RRB- . Assembly instruction are the least helpful I 've seen , suggest that company does n't care about its product and certainly its customers . Product is a sham .
 We purchased this item from another vendor over five years ago . It 's a little tricky to get it up and secure on the ceiling -LRB- and messes up a textured ceiling surface -RRB- , but our cats love it and it 's held up well considering the daily beating it takes from our ten little darlings -LRB- some of whom are not so little -RRB- . I do add sisal to the poles and replace it from time to time as it becomes shredded . Our kitties use it for scratching all the time , saving the furniture . It can be a little wobbly , and the platforms are n't huge , but our cats do n't seem to mind . I suspect it helps that we have it positioned in front of a window so they can enjoy the view . Over the past year or so the fabric has finally started to show serious wear and rip out altogether in a couple of spots . Then yesterday the whole thing fell down , so I am here today looking to buy another one to replace it . It wo n't last forever , but what does ? We 're very satisfied with 5 + years of kitty happiness for the price.Update
 I usually buy these at my local pet shop , but thought I 'd buy these in the bulk package . I was n't very happy with them , because the center 's of all these have completely cleaned out . My dogs like to chew through the hard marrow usually left behind . They also like the other stuff in the center of the bones when you buy them from pet stores . All that 's left on these bones is what you see on the outside , which is n't much . My dogs would n't even chew on these ones , for more than about 20 minutes . They chew on the ones from the store with all the gunk , and marrow in them for days . So , while I like them due to being less messy , it 's really about the dogs opinion of them , and they did n't rank them very high on their chew list .
 I take in stray cats . I currently have 14 , yep , 14 . Only one of them has anything to do with this , and that 's just to use it as a ladder to get elsewhere . The number one problem is the size of the lounging shelves or whatever they 're called . They are too small for an adult cat to lay on , sit on , or sleep on . While the measurements seem to suggest it 's big enough , the post takes up at least 5-6 '' of the shelf on a diagonal . The remaining area that is not obstructed by the post is about the size of a piece of 8 1/2 x 11 '' paper . Twelve of my cats are 15 lbs or bigger and they can barely sit on the shelf . There 's just no way for them to lay on it , at least half their body would be off of it.They also ca n't use it as a scratching post . With the shelves coming off of it at various angles , plus my having it up against a wall , it prevents them from being able to reach up straight and get a serious scratch going . They start to , but then hit either the first or second shelf and stop.But they absolutely loved the boxes it came in . They have been having so much fun with them that it makes it less disheartening to realize I spent that money for nothing.It is nice to look at compared to some I 've seen . It arrived quickly and in perfect shape . It is made of what looks like pvc piping , the tower is not wood , but carpet over plastic tube . I had no problems assembling it . I thought it was a tension type thing that worked on a spring but the top section actually has to be screwed up/down to get the right ceiling height . This took forever . Then , when I got close to the ceiling , the turning of the top piece to tighten it to the ceiling causes it to move around a bit and that knocked the texture off my ceiling in an area larger than the top piece covered .
 We 've had this item for less then a week and one of the platforms has already split . The wood is so cheap that it broke apart after our cats jumped on it a few times . The tower is also very wobbly and I was already considering adding an additional support system prior to it breaking .
 Product came with missing pieces -LRB- box where screws should have been was empty -RRB- . Product broke seconds into attempt to assemble -LRB- cheap material -RRB- . Assembly instruction are the least helpful I 've seen , suggest that company does n't care about its product and certainly its customers . Product is a sham .
 We purchased this item from another vendor over five years ago . It 's a little tricky to get it up and secure on the ceiling -LRB- and messes up a textured ceiling surface -RRB- , but our cats love it and it 's held up well considering the daily beating it takes from our ten little darlings -LRB- some of whom are not so little -RRB- . I do add sisal to the poles and replace it from time to time as it becomes shredded . Our kitties use it for scratching all the time , saving the furniture . It can be a little wobbly , and the platforms are n't huge , but our cats do n't seem to mind . I suspect it helps that we have it positioned in front of a window so they can enjoy the view . Over the past year or so the fabric has finally started to show serious wear and rip out altogether in a couple of spots . Then yesterday the whole thing fell down , so I am here today looking to buy another one to replace it . It wo n't last forever , but what does ? We 're very satisfied with 5 + years of kitty happiness for the price.Update
 I have owned one of these for about a year . It started out fine but as time went by a petrochemical odor developed and became stronger and stronger to the point it became overwhelming when I opened it . Do n't know much about plastics but know that cant be good for my dogs . Tried to save myself some time filling water dish 's everyday but guess there is no way around it unless they start making these things out of glass / porcelain .
 I 'm disappointed with this cat waterer . I do n't know what constitutes it being called `` Gourmet '' . It 's looks nice but it 's very hard to pick up if you need to pour some of the water out to freshen it , due to the bowl being a very flexible plastic/rubber -- being hollow underneath instead of solid . I would never have purchased it had i known this .
 It is too heavy for me when filled . Three gallons weights 24 lbs and I 'm an old lady :--RRB- Otherwise , it works great . This is not your fault , it 's mine . I did not consider the weight when I ordered it . It 's well constructed , however .
 The lid leaks everywhere . Do not buy this item . I 'm sending mine back after having it for 3 hours . I bought this items because of the price - I guess you get what you pay for !
 Please do not purchase ... JUNK ... bought for a cat , our cats , and most cats want fresh water ... this unit the water sits for days . The water is not fresh and our cat avoided this unit , would never drink from it . You can have mine for free , just pay for shipping !
 Horrible Horrible Horrible . Leaked . Sent back and was replaced and the new item LEAKED . Not worth the money even if it was FREE
 The bergan petite feeder and waterer , only work with water , no good for food . It looks like it is NOT NEW . I am not happy with the productWas the box size and packaging appropriate for the items?Way Too Big
 My yellow lab ate this in 3 days . Every evening I would find the two pieces separated in different parts of the yard . The plastic was pretty soft and a larger dog could easily chew it to pieces . It did n't serve its purpose . My dog thought of it as a toy not a waterer ...
 Worked great for the first two weeks and then the plastic jug that holds the water cracked and it was done .
 It is a good concept to not have to refill the water bowl all the time , and this product worked as advertised , but i had to return it because the water would get hair and food sediments in it . The water got gross really fast so my dog would n't drink from it unless i cleaned out the bowl way before the tank ran out , which defeats the purpose . i wish someone had warned me of this in the reviews before purchasing . If your pet does n't shed or get any food in it 's water bowl , or does n't care how gross it 's water gets , then this product will be good for you . Otherwise , just get a larger bowl like I 'm going to do .
 Simply does not work!I filled container with water , turned it upside down onto the base , opened water holeand it ran all of the water onto the floor !!
 The design is great , except that it takes a lot of pressure to put the water container into or to remove the water container from the base . Perhaps I was supposed to turn it as it entered and exited , but I could n't find a way that made it easy . Assuming any water is present , you are going to make a mess . Maybe I am missing something , but as there were no instructions whatsoever , there is no way for me to know . I returned it and I recommend staying away . If you are OK with the install/removal issue , it could be an excellent waterer and will likely serve you well . But I can only give it 2 stars . Even if someone posts a description of how I was supposed to use it , I wo n't revise my review upwards . It should have come with instructions .
 Lid is cheaply made , allowing all water in tank to overflow the bowl and onto the floor . This product is completely unusable .
 I bought this at a local pet store . We brought it home , filled it up , put the tank in and opened the little hole . After about 10 minutes I walked back into the laundry room and the entire floor was covered in water . What a mess ! So we decided that we would close the hole and just open it when we needed to refill the bowl , but when we woke up the next morning the floor was covered in water again . So the screw-on top must be leaking . I would not recommend buying this because it seems like some are faulty . There are better options out there .
 The lid leaks when inverted into the holder . My son advised me that it needs an O-ring to prevent the leaking . Being handicapped , boxing it up and getting to the post office to mail it back is a major hassle for me so I have to pay someone to do it for me -LRB- my son works during post office hours -RRB- . By the time I go through all of that , I have spent more money than I paid for it originally . I would not recommend this product to anyone !!!!
 From the getgo , the threads on the top of the container are awful . It took me several tries to get the lid off . It should not be that hardto unscrew a lid ! I was ready to throw it out after the first fill!Secondly , what a bad design ! Put a handle on top so it 's not so hard to pull from the base.What would have been really great is if the refill lid was on top , so you could fill it with a pitcher.I just bought this thing a few days ago . I can see it will have to be filled up every two days . I 'm contemplating cutting a hole in the top , so I can just pour the water in every two days and only remove the thing once a week to clean it.I 'm not impressed with this product .
 Destroyed in less than 15 minutes by five mini schnauzers.Not rugged enough
 My hound dog loves to play with stuffed animals . I was hoping for this to be a little bit well made since it is intended for dogs , but he had torn apart the seems with his ginger chewing in a matter of minutes .
 My two star review is more a caution ... I have two Vittle Vaults and generally love them . I do , however , have a clever -LRB- though not necessarily smart -RRB- and very food-motivated border collie mix who 's figured out how to get into them . I have to give the top an extra strong twist when I close it - enough that I can barely open it . If I do n't , I come home to a Vittle Vault that 's been opened , a very round dog and sometimes an extra present on the floor . My other dog is not nearly as food motivated , and these work well for her .
 I ordered these because of the high review points on Amazon and have been using these containers -LRB- 3 -RRB- for over a week . trying to screw on the lid is a long and frustrating experience and most of the time I ca n't do it , or anyone in my family . They were advertised as stackable-but the containers will slide right over each other if you push on the lid at all . But if you have alot of time to try and put on the lids and do n't stack them they probably seal the food well .
 The 40 lb . Vittles Vault was on my wish list , so a friend bought me one for Christmas from Amazon.com . I already had one and really liked it , so wanted another for food for my new puppy . When it came , the lid did not fit properly -- it would not screw on and the lip of the opening looked like it had a defect on it . So my friend returned it to Amazon and ordered another one . Same problem ! So she returned that one as well for a refund and we went to Petsmart and bought one that works perfectly . I really like these and have no problem stacking them , maybe because I do n't fill them up all the way . Beware of the ones from amazon.com ! I do have to say that amazon.com was good about the returns and refunds .
 Just a quick note to let you know that the lid of the 50 pound Vittles Vault that I just purchased does not fit tightly , no matter how carefully it is screwed on . I am returning this product for a refund . If you buy any Vittles Vault product , be sure to check the lid ! On the one I got , I can feel it rocking and hear it groaning when I put pressure on opposite sides . No way is this air tight . I have used gamma seals for many years and have never had this serious problem ! Buyer beware!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002DJOOI/ref=oh_o00_s00_i00_details
 I purchased four of these and right at the start one lid gave me trouble . It took at lot of effort and pressure to align the lid and get it to close correctly . Now three of the four are a real pain to get closed ! Not to mention the lids are very hard to get a good grip on . I am thinking these are not really designed to be stacked , and it is the stacking that is causing the shape of these containers to warp , which for me makes these useless . I do not have the space to set them out side by side . Also , if you want to clean these out both the stacking and the basic shape makes it hard to do . First if they are stacked you have to lift off any that are on top , which can be difficult if they contain food . But then the shape makes is hard to get all the old food crumbs out , even using water the rim prevents good drainage . It would have been nice if these had been designed to have some sort of removable liner . There are some serious design flaws with this product , and for the price I expected a better product . As a result I have had to give up using these . Lastly , I emailed the company about the lid issue and they never acknowledged my email , so much for customer support .
 When I got a new puppy I ordered 2 of these containers to keep the food separate for each of my dogs . I liked that they stacked and took up less room . After delivery I discovered that the stacking feature is n't that great because they do n't really have any way of securely attaching to each other so the top one slides around and falls on the floor . In addition , it 's a real bugger to twist the lid back on - for whatever reason the grooves on the lid do n't line up with the ones on the container so you have to spin it about 19 times to get it to twist on . And the plastic smell is horrible - felt guilty giving my dogs food that had been marinating in the smell . Now they sit in the corner of the garage awaiting my next yard sale . Waste of money .
 The rubber seal falls off but other then that it does the job . Opening can sometime be difficult . My dog doesnt like it because he cant get into it .
 We just bought the this storage container a few months ago . We 're not sure if the dog food we bought was contaminated with moths , but when we got toward the end of the dog food left in container , it had moths and larva in . It made us question whether the lid seal is bad or if strangely the dog food was bad . Needless to say , we are disappointed and may try to fix the seal .
 This is way overpriced for what you get . The twist off top does n't close well it is hard to line up the top to close . The picture shows two on the amazon web site but the price is per container of one
 Just call it what it is and do n't waste my time . Works and looks great otherwise , just know the size .
 The squirrels in my back yard were able to gnaw through the lid . Once the lid is destroyed , the product is useless . The manufacturer does not sell replacement lids .
 I received my Vittles containers.The picture that is displayed isvery misleading . It shows 2 tubswith one being stacked on the other.This is not what you get . You only getone tub . I ordered 2 so I got what the picturehas displayed . I called Amazon and they saidthey are going to change the picture . I amalso returning the product . I am giving thisa rating of 2 because the product is nice butends up being way too expensive .
 Picture and description are not very clear . I see a pic of two containers that show a 40lb capacity . I assumed that I was getting two 20lb capacity containers , meaning that half the food stays VERY fresh during the two months it takes Fido to consume it . I got one large one . A 40lb bag does n't quite make it in there . All said , this is the best food container out there so I 'm keeping it .
 Like the other person that gave this item only 1 star I would say to buy a paint bucket instead because that 's just what I did .
 they show you a pic of 2 bins , and that is missssssleading !!! because you only get ONE , WOULD NOT BUY THIS AGAIN . maybe if I recieved 2 , but not for one . I like overstock . com much better than amazon
 My yellow lab has eaten her way through the lids of TWO $ 50 vaults so far . It 's incredibly annoying because even though I have this supposedly air-tight container , I still have to hide it in a closet or cupboard to keep her from eating through it . Definitely is n't worth the money .
 Why would n't you just go to any hardware store and buy a 5 gal paint bucket with locking lid for $ 5.00 like I did ?? LMAO
 I love the Vittles Vault series - they hold a ton and seal well.I bought these units for their stacking ability and that is whatfalls short . There really is n't much of an indentation and thetop unit is constantly shifting and attempting to fall off .
 I 'm using the 40-pound container to store two 20-pound bags of dog food - so I would guess , from other reviewers who say that the container does n't hold 40 pounds , that it probably depends on the size/shape/density of the food.I have had a couple problems with this item : First , the bin I received has one front bottom corner that has an area in which the plastic is very thin - probably thin enough that I could tear the plastic with my fingernail if I tried , and light can be seen through the plastic . So , despite being airtight , I fear that it could easily be chewed through by rodents . I did n't notice this until I 'd had it for some months - so too late to send it back . I 'd recommend inspecting the item carefully upon receipt , in bright light , as quality control seems lacking.Second , the lid is not designed with any texture , tread , or indentation of any sort to help with gripping . Because of this , I find that the lid is slippery and difficult to hang onto , especially if I 'm trying to screw it back on with one hand while holding a pet bowl with the other . I 'm reasonably well coordinated , and not elderly - I think it could be even more difficult for anybody with any kind of hand problems.So , this does what it 's supposed to do , but I think it could have been designed better .
 I loved this container while I had it in the closet . The first day I left it available to my dogs , it was destroyed . They could not get in the top , but half of one side was chewed open . Too bad . I need a stainless or bear proof container for my beasts -LRB- lab/husky mixes - @ 50 lbs each -RRB- .
 I thought since this was airtight that it would keep racoons , squirrels , mice from smelling the food and wanting to chew through the container . Not so . Had it full of chicken feed and out by the coop for one week , and last night something managed to chew enough to chew through the airtight gasket . If you are keeping your food indoors , probably not an issue . But do n't expect it to survive outdoor critters ! Even the manufacturer has an FAQ that says it wo n't keep out rodents -LRB- how I did not look at their website before buying this , I do n't know ! -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 In all fairness , I 've had mine for over a year , possibly two years . It was NOT kept outside , rodents did NOT tear the lid apart , but gradually over time the lid has cracked in the middle , straight through the plastic , so it 's no longer airtight . This could be normal wear and tear , and that 's okay , except that for the price , I would like to be able to just buy a replacement lid . Unfortunately , the manufacturer does n't sell the lids separately , which means buying a brand new vault . $ 50 is kinda steep when all I really need is a lid . : -LRB-
 Vittles Vault 40-pound stackable ? How is it stackable ? First , there are no fittings for it to be stackable . When the top container is slightly emptied , it slides around on the bottom container . There should be fittings -LRB- feet , indentations to fit into , so that it does not move off one another ?!! -RRB- that make this stackable ! Secondly , when the top container is full , the bottom container lid can not screw on because the weight misshapes the opening ! One has to lighten the weight , in order for the opening to go back into shape . The purpose of a 40 lb . container is to hold an abundance of dog food . Third , the lid does not screw on easily and quick , each and every time . There are times that one has to try and try again to get the lid to fit in and start screwing . I am not sending it back because I found shelving that holds the containers seperately . But believe me , I will watch for a better way of storing my dogs ' food.Stackable Vittles Vault 40 #
 Raccoons were getting into my bird seed , and this container thwarted them ... for a month or so . They got it open once , and then it was a buffet on the porch again - no challenge to them at all . So for my purposes , this turns out to have been a useless purchase . What a disappointment .
 I have an English Bulldog and English Bulldog Breeders seem to give Fromm Good reviews . Since changing my Bulldogs ' food from Blue Buffalo to Fromm my bulldogs sheds more than he normally does . Also , his gas is worse and more frequent . He has gained more weight . In the morning his eyes have that morning gunk in it and his stools are more runny than before . This is the only thing that has changed in his diet . I take really good care of my dog . By the way , I did not change him suddenly from Blue Buffalo to Fromm . It was gradual and I only feed him a cup and a half in the morning and at night . I will try the Senior Low Activity Version and if I do not have any luck I will switch back to Blue Buffalo .
 I bought this product hoping to get rid of my gnat problem in my house plants . I recently purchased and planted them , so I was quite annoyed to see that they were crawling with bugs . The bugs are driving me crazy and after reading a few reviews here I decided to give this product a try . Well ... so far , I only seem to have angered the bugs . I 'm hoping that they are dying , but as it is only day one can not be certain . I have no idea how long it takes for this product to take effect ... in other disappointing news , the canister came to me with a broken seal ... and it seems to be only half full . I am trying to resolve this new problem now . I might have been a little more easy going about the lack of a full container of product had the gnats not continued to fly around !
 it is opened . someone stole half of it . it does not work in my plants . dont buy it . so disappointed .
 I just opened my bottle of Bonide Systemic Houseplant Insect Control . The inner seal was not affixed but just lying on top of the bottle and the bottle is half empty . I am trying to get rid of fungus gnats in my plants . I did not find the directions clear and e-mailed the company yesterday and they were not helpful . I got that solved with a help from a local florist but now I do n't dare use what is left in the bottle as I ca n't trust what is contains . And there is n't enough for all my plants in any event . I had purchased this through Amazon whom I trust to only deal with reliable sellers . I saw feedback from another person with the same problem . I am anxious to get rid of the gnats and am very disappointed with this experience . I have e-mailed the seller .
 To combat a severe fungus gnat infestation , I applied this product according to the instructions to my indoor houseplants -LRB- pothos -RRB- . After several weeks , it has not stopped -LRB- or even slowed -RRB- the fungus gnat population.I have also tried : - Letting the soil dry completely between waterings - Neem Oil - Insecticidal Soap - Hydrogen PeroxideNone of these methods have been successful in eradicating the gnats . My plants have stopped growing entirely -LRB- probably due to larvae eating the roots -RRB- , and the larvae and adults can still be seen crawling and flying around.As a last resort , I have thrown out my plants and sterilized the pots . In the future , I will :1 . Be very careful to buy high-quality , well-draining potting soil ! 2 . Apply BTI -LRB- Bacillus thuringiensis var . israelensis -RRB- , which is the bacteria found in mosquito dunks .
 Bottle had been opened . It was not sealed closed . Just used some this PM and do n't know if the product is any goo but I am disappointed with the packaging or lack thereof . I think I was ripped off . The bottle was only about 60 % full of granules .
 I did n't know how hazardous this product is until I read the information on the bottle . It 's very scary . If it comes in contact with your skin you have to wash the area for 15 minutes . Do n't use it on outdoor plants - you do n't want it getting into the soil , etc. . And - in the end , it did n't work anyway -LRB- it was a gnat problem -RRB- so I did what another person said - I got rid of all my plants and am sterilizing the pots . Now - how do I safely dispose of it ?
 Not happy with the product followed the instruction and was still leave with the pest in my house plants . Wo n't try again .
 Do not buy or use this product - it contains Imidacloprid which poisons the environment . It is the toxic substance recently found to be responsible for the bee Colony Collapse Disorder -LRB- CCD -RRB- now devastating bee colonies in Europe and North America .
 All the leaves have fallen off my bouganvilla . I was treating it for aphids and gnats . I 'm not sure about this product .
 I have 4 ' Majesty Palms that do n't consume a lot of water , so this was not such a great choice . Systemic poison requires more watering than these plants require . It was ineffective entirely on mealy bugs . I recommend using a spray instead . A natural alternative is a good idea , as well , as it leaves more options if the treatment does n't work . Thanks .
 I bought a plant that had some gnats living in the soil , and tried this product to get rid of them . As far as i can tell , the gnats ate this product and got stronger and more obnoxious . This product is a complete waste of $ $ $ .
 This was a favorite right out of the box . The dogs adored it , however , within 2 weeks it lost an arm and it was downhill from there . We have 2 very small Shih-Tzus , so it is n't as if they are mountain lions !
 the only thing that works is the alarm , the rest doesnt do anything to dogs the ultrasonic doesnt work at all
 I was excited to receive this as I have dogs on both yards next to my home . I did n't work very well . The dg shuts up for about three seconds and then the dogs continue to bark . Very frustrating
 The device was missing one of the grips . It will sometimes not shut off and continue buzzing . I am not impressed .
 I do n't usually write reviews . However , I decided that I really need to describe my experience with this product so that you can understand why some people give it 5 stars and some give it 1 or 2 stars . I have two Persian cats who will use almost any litter . So I decided to try this because of the commercials and the reviews on this site . While the litter does a decent job at first of clumping and covering urine smell , it does nothing to knock down poop odor . Also , it needs to be changed very frequently to cover up the urine smell . For the first time in the 11 years that I 've owned my two cats , my house actually reeked from the smell of the litter box . Even my cat sitter -LRB- who is a vet tech and helps me out when I need to travel -RRB- begged me to go back to a clumping clay litter.Don ' t ignore this post - I do n't have anything to gain other than to save you money and the annoyance of determining that you need to get rid of this stuff .
 I picked this up because there was a coupon for it and I 've been trying to find a litter that is more natural ... This litter clumps amazingly , but it smells SOUR . I 'm used to scooping the cat box , but this litter smells worse than cat feces and urine . I 'll definitely be switching back to something less repulsive .
 I think there was a typo on the bag because this is the World 's Worst Cat Litter . I have multiple kittens and tried this litter because I hoped it would control odor better than other cat litters I have tried . Not only is litter extremely expensive for the small bag , but it is horrible ! When I walked into the room where we keep the litter box the morning after I put this litter in the box I was met with the most wretched smell of urine and feces that I thought I was going to vomit . Apparently the cats were disgusted by the smell because they stopped using the litter box during the night and began pooping just outside of the box . I ca n't say I blame them , I would step into that stink-fest either . Save your money and just buy some Tidy Cat , you can get triple the amount for the same price and it works infinitely better .
 Absolute garbage . I tried this awhile ago and was horribly disappointed . It does n't even deserve one star . Why ? First of all the clumps are not clumps , they are sticky piles of goo , and the smell is awful . I pride myself on having a home with 6 cats and NO odors . I thought I 'd try this litter to be more environmentally conscious . I had to dump out the 2 litter boxes after a few days and go back and get my usual because it rank of ammonia . Try it if you want but do n't say I did n't warn you . If you want the most superb litter in the world , get Dr. Elsey 's Precious Cat Ultra Clumping Cat Litter . I 've tried numerous styles and brands and it really is the best for multi-cat households .
 I purchased a bag of WBCL trying to change to something that would be healthier for my two beloved babies and to help the environment . Within two days of switching my four year old female became ill . After 10 days at the vet 's and $ 1000 later my precious angel was dead from an acute liver failure . I was devastated and bewildered at how this could happen . When my male started showing the same signs I rushed him to the vet and we again starting treating him aggressively for acute liver failure . After hours of research I learned that corn left in a high humidity and high temp climate can lead to the growth of an unbelievably deadly and carcingogenic toxin known as Aflatoxin . This toxin directly attacks the liver and almost always leads to death . My vet does n't want to get involved and other responses from the company I have seen state that they do not take responsibility for this . After removing the litter from my home my male began to immediately improve and it looks like he may survive . So please people if you love your kitties do n't take the risk . I learned the hard way that it is not worth it .
 I , like several other people , wanted desperately to love this product . I wanted my 5 cats to not have to deal with dust and tracking litter . I wanted not to deal with it either . I wanted people to seem surprised when they found out that I actually had 5 cats in my home . They were surprised , but only because they thought I had 10 of the stinkiest creatures in God 's creation . The smell was awful . Sure , it covered up the smell of urine nicely . But the smell of feces was overpowering . I would wait by the litter and try to scoop it up immediately to avoid the stench . We stuck it out for a week , until finally , we could take no more . Maybe our cats are stinkier than the average cat , but I doubt it .
 It smells so bad . I think my cat litters in it and does n't track his feces because he , too , is repulsed by the smell of the cat litter .
 I would have given this product one star , but I 'm willing to admit that one of the things I do n't like about it , being flushable , is simply my own personal choice . I tried this because I 'm very particular about the litter box . I have 2 cats and I scoop our litter box twice a day and completely change it once a week . My husband suggest I try this litter after seeing a commercial for it . We decided that it would be more environmentally friendly and easier because it was flushable.The first thing I noticed is that I do n't like flushing the litter . Thats just my personal opinion so I ca n't blame the litter for that . After about 2 days , and I was still scooping the litter twice a day during this time , the litter box began to smell ... really smell . It did n't smell like cat waste , its hard to explain . I know its made of corn so I was n't sure what to expect in the way of odor , but I was n't expecting such a strong and offensive odor . I tried scooping it more often and that did n't help , I also tried putting baking soda in it but nothing made it any better . On day 3 my 9 year old son walked into the room while I was scooping and said `` woah , whats that noxious odor ? '' From the mouth of babes ... Also , it does n't in my opinion , clump any better than regular litter , if anything I notice the clumps falling apart much more frequently . The one plus side is there 's far less dust , but thats a very small plus side.I would n't suggest this product to anyone . I 'm cutting my losses and switching back .
 I had to return the first toy because it was defective . The replacement toy also did not work , but rather than push my luck with returning it a second time , I opened it up to see what was wrong . The batteries in the sound device had fallen out because the screw on the little door that held them in had not been inserted . I replaced the batteries and taped the device shut then sewed it back up inside . This fixed the problem and so far it has held up to relatively rough play.Dog loves it but if you buy this expect to have to make repairs on shoddy construction right out of the package.Makes the sound of a waterfall or stream with birds chirping in the background .
 I purchased this item for my Ball Pythons but it arrived today ruined . The bottom of the cave was totally smashed because the product was made of an extremely thin brittle plastic like material and packaged with two small pieces of Styrofoam that did not secure the item in the box . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this item and even if it had arrived intact I would have still returned it because there is no way it could be used for what it was designed and last any length of time . Spend your money on something less expensive and of higher quality .
 This product is the cheapest made item I have ever seen or purchased for my ball python . The bottom part of the shelter is constructed so poorly that my ball python cracked the plastic during its first venture into the shelter and my ball python is only 2 years old . This is my first ever review for any product from Amazon but this item is of such poor quality , especially considering the price , that I wanted to ensure that every other purchaser does n't make the mistake that I did and instead opts for a much better product .
 the technique for manufacturing the bases of these , does not suit their use.by the nature of how they are cast there is no way to gauge the wall thickness of their product . What that means is you may wind up with one like mine , where a slight bump could crack it . The Large I bought a few weeks ago , had a crack , which has since expanded revealing some areas thinner than an egg shell -LRB- no kidding -RRB- maybe fine for a sculpture but not something to be used , handled and cleaned . With my geckos , I have to pull it out almost every day to check for eggs.It 's really just a gamble as far as how durable they are , you and the manufacturer have no way of knowing how thick the walls are . Household plaster would be better than what they used to make these , but it would have increased shipping costs from China.I.e . they should have used a different manufacturing techniqueThey do look nice and are functional , if they stay together .
 Save your money and buy a different product . The size of this product is perfect for what I needed however while cleaning this product with water and soap I applied minimal pressure and was able to break through the bottom of this product , for some reason they made the bottom a hollow thin piece of plastic . I am glad that it broke in my hands and did not hurt any of my pets , since this product is made for snakes I do not see how any snake could be safe in this shelter .
 this product is not to zoo med standard at all ... it arrived at my house in a million pieces i never write reviews but this is the time i need to . I WARN ALL NOT TO BUY THIS CRAP . if you need to make a shelter out of some redimade topperwear !!! DONT SPEND THE 30.00 dollars on this trust me if you do then you will be very unhappy with the results !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 THIS IS MORE OF A SELLER REVIEW FOR AMAZON ; Zoo Med Reptile Shelter 3 in 1 Cave , Large
 I looked a the reviews of other purchasers of this product before I ordered . They all got the heated kitty pad ... But I got just the cover ... period ! I ordered a heated kitty Pad with cover . Just like the picture shows . It has the cord and pad pictured . Where is the heated pad I ordered ? Is this all I get ?
 It comes off the doorknob so easily , my cat wo n't play with it . Perhaps if the ring holding it to the knob was elastic ...
 The idea is cute and it seems fairly well made . It wo n't stay on the doorknob because the opening is too large . It would also be better if the dangling legs were a couple of inches longer . Basically I wasted 6.00 , since none of my 5 cats , all w / different personalities ignore it .
 The fit is n't ideal as our sliding door is wider than the pet door so the locks could n't align . When I called customer service hoping they 'd have some spacers for what should be a common issue for them , they told me to use a stick in the patio door for security instead . Additionally , the weather stripping for the door just fell off from it 's own weight , leaving the glue goop all over the sliding glass door in addition to the wind gushing in through the gaping gap . They are sending new weather stripping so I hope that proves better . Nice company service , but you 'd think all these tweaks would be figured out by now . Nonetheless , we have jerry-rigged the doggie door and it offers great luxury for us . Overall a plus , just more frustrating to make work in the beginning .
 I have 2 of these filters , and have been running them for about 7 years now . I have to get a new one about every year or two because one or more of the seals ultimately fail . Honestly the only reason I continue to use them is because the folks at Marineland are great to work with . They have promptly sent me a replacement filter or filter head for FREE every time I 've had a leak , which is about 4 times now .
 I have two of these units and every single time you have to clean the filter it leaks . The O ring has to be replaced every time . I do not change my media for 6 months for this reason the dreaded `` I have to clean the filter '' day comes along which it did this past week and you bet without fail the filter leaked . Fortunately the last time I called marineland to complain and they sent me several O rings for both filters and one replacement assembly where you attach the hoses and its a good thing they did since the hose section started leaking this time.Save yourself time and frustration and go with another filter , it is a good filter when running but when they need to be changed its a whole different story .
 This a a great looking filter . It seems like a good design , but every minute or so it blows out micro bubbles that make the tank look dirty . I have tried everything to fix it but nothings works . I am very disappointed . You would think Marineland would come up with a fix for this . Try another filter and stay away from the C series .
 Terrible design ; tried two of these units and both leaked profusely after the first cleaning . Stick with the Marineland Magnum series instead .
 Having been keeping and breeding fish for close to 40 years , there are few products I 've found that actually deliver on the promise made to the consumer . Marineland does have some excellent products especially their line of LED lighting - however their filters have always left much to be desired . Both The H.O.T and Magnum series have received horrible reviews year after year . That said the C series has been touted as an excellent filter with zero water bypass.First , few filters with exception of the eheim Pro series prevent most any water bypass - no filter can operate without a marginal degree of bypass but this is n't an issue in small amounts - and again unavoidable.What I found most troubling about the filters -LRB- I had purchased two of these -RRB- was the poor build quality especially with the quick release port . There is absolutely no metal and the on/off switch beneath the locking mechanism is frail to say the least an quite easy to break leaving with no way to remove your intake and out take port without a flood . The concept for these ports was designed by Gunther eheim - a maverick and pioneer in aquatic filtration . Because they 're the one part of the filter that takes the most abuse they should be build like iron and made to last.Although I have been an eheim advocate for decades - I run a 2080 , XL100 and a couple of Pro 3e 's and four smaller 2078 units . I 've been looking for a less expensive alternative especially for single specimen tanks . However after trying so many different brands - I find the old adage is true - you get what you pay for.That said I have found success with the Aquatop - ironically made by SunSun who on their high end makes excellent filters although few are sold in the US . Because the Marineland C series is identical inmost every way from the moldings , clamp design and basket design my guess is these are private label for Marineland . This is n't a complaint private label manufacturing is nothing new and often affords the consumer to get the same quality for less.At the end of the day what 's really going to make your filter pay off in regards to the overall health of your fish is the media you use . Both Fluval and eheim make extraordinary media that promotes fast and efficient growth of nitrifying bacteria . Should you choose this filter my advice would be to discard the media and invest in unfinished ceramic and slintered glass spheres - they last forever.Activated carbon should NEVER be used for more than two weeks as it turns toxic . It 's best use by far is in removing trace medications and toxins - and again for short periods of time not to exceed two weeks . For Marineland to claim that media should be washed every week and replaced every nine weeks boggles my mind as this claim goes against the very principles mandatory for establishing a fully cycled tank and healthy and stable water parameters.The thinking here of course is to sell more media and to sell it on an on going basis . Like printers there is no real revenue in the sale of machine itself - the profit is in the ink . Same concept here .
 This unit moves plenty of water but it also makes too many micro bubbles . The web site states that I should look for signs of cracks on the unit . Not my idea of the way it should perform .
 this filter is great in concept but not in reality ! it is poor quality , the gasket on the power head leaks every other time i open it up and i have to re seal again . also the valve block leaks air into the unit and it creates bubbles , the valve block also got stuck shut because the ball valve stripped out only after a few uses and i had to purchase new one for 25 bucks plus shipping . and there is a reason you ca n't find o-ring kit anywhere ! . honestly every time i open for cleaning there is some difficulty in getting it running again . marineland is part of the largest aquarium supply group and i expect better from them .
 Yes , I was stupid enough to shell out the money for this litter pan cover , as I could n't find anything comparable and I wanted something decorative to cover the litter pan . While this product looks nice enough , I 've had two problems with it
 If the review would allow -LRB- 0 -RRB- zero stars that would be my selection.I thought when it said large decorative it would cover the litter box with ease . Unfortunately , that was not the case . The litter box is a very snug fit inside the cover . Once my cats are inside covering their bodily functions as cats do the door flops open which then rattles my cats . I have had to tie the door at the top to keep it from opening.This is not what I had in mind for the price of this product or what I was led to believe its purpose would be.I would not make this purchase again nor would I recommend it to anyone.For the same price you can purchase a free standing folding door and serve the same purpose without frightening your cat .
 Out of ALL The many litter box covers I looked at , I chose this one because the description , the appearance and simple operating instructions really appealed to me . After I opened the box and examined all the parts , hardware , and other pieces . My first impression was `` Hmmm . This looks kinda cheap . `` But I got it together easily enough . It looked great ! My DH even commented as such -LRB- unheard of -RRB- ! But after weeks of using it , I put it away ONLY because it was to be used as a training tool to help my cats get used to going potty outside . I had not intended to use it permanently full time ... . for now.So ! TO CLARIFY , It did n't break or anything . In our opinion the materials used and the quality of this item is/are just too cheap to justify the price ! $ 85 - $ 100 for a funky , VERY thin plastic bottom pan , and wobbly metal pieces . Honestly WAAAAYYYY too much to pay for this cute idea but bad quality and constructed item.Now GRANTED , again , I LOVE the idea !! Mr. Herzher has it goin ` on ! But Dude ! You 've got to make some changes in your product or materials to justify the rediculously high price -LRB- s -RRB- . If I saw this at a local pet store , I would not have bought it unless it was on sale for . . oh , about $ 25 - NO MORE.So anyway , that 's my honest review .
 This product looks very nice , as advertised , but it 's poorly designed and constructed . The latch on the front panel is not strong enough to keep the panel closed , so the minute my cat walks thru the entrance , the door flops open and scares him silly -LRB- so he 's not inclined to go in there again , and I 'm left with a gaping litter box -- just the problem this item was supposed to resolve -RRB- . Thinking that perhaps I 'd received a defective front panel , I actually got a replacement panel from the company , but the latch on the new one is just as bad . It 's just poorly designed and needs to be rethought and reconstructed . Considering that this thing is way overpriced to begin with , it 's especially galling . NOT recommended .
 I am disappointed with the product . It is unraveling at top of front panel where it latches . It was also SOOOOO HARD to put the metal legs into the rubber pegs . The holes in the pegs are too small . I had to enlarge them a bit with a screw driver . I wish I had my money back !
 I was disappointed with this product and returned it within a few days . The frame was not a tight construction and the clasp that holds the front opening in place , which is necessary for the emptying of the tray , was loose . The result was that if the cat brushed up against it on entering , it fall open - either behind him or on him . Having had this happen several times , the cat soon learned to avoid this trauma and thus it defeated the object of the exercise .
 The ONLY good thing about this item is that is better than average looking . My 7 lb . Maltipoo CHEWED through the plastic spindley strappings , which are supposed to hold this thing together . I absolutely DO NOT recommend ANYONE buying this for their pet .
 Update - The manufacturer shipped a replacement panel for $ 30 . I then went to the local hardware store and picked up some chicken wire to make sure Bogey does n't remodel again.Our 9 lb Papillon with a bum front leg made short work of this crate after about 2 months of use . I guess once he figure out the plastic was easy to get at , he got after it . He 's not a chewer and he 's been crate trained since we got him 3 years ago . They really need some cross bars to prevent this sort of thing . It 's a nice looking crate but it obviously is flawed.See the proud rascal and his carnage here - http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B0017IVOZO/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_allThat was done between 8:00 AM and lunch.I just hope I can get a replacement for the side panel and find someway to secure the sides so I do n't have to throw this expensive item in the trash .
 First off , this crate looks really nice . It is the best looking crate we 've found.The door latches are also quite effective . Normally our 11-year-old beagle figures out latches quickly and we have to use climbers ' clips to reinforce the door.The problem with this crate is weak welds on the wire on the door . The cage/wire is thin , and therefore where they connect to each other are tiny little `` tack '' welds . Our 11-year-old , arthritic dog destroyed 10 welds in one night ! Once the cage wire comes off of one weld , it 's easy to rip it off of the other ones . Basically , the door is ruined.Do we just have a really bad dog ? Perhaps , but the $ 60 crate we had before this one lasted 11 years with this dog - the latches went bad , but not one weld problem.Second thing ... the wicker came to us unwound on the back . We almost sent it back over this , but given the size of the crate and how hard it is to ship , we decided to live with that problem . The weld problem is not so easily ignored.If you have a quiet , relaxed dog , this will probably work . But if your dog gets bored during the night and starts pulling , you 'll find them with their head stuck in a hole they 've made in the morning.Sorry , good looks or not , this crate does not meet the cut.A fix would be to wind the wires around the top and bottom before welding them . Then , you 'd not be pulling against the weld , but the wire itself.We 've temporarily used large-sized zip-ties to prevent her from getting her head stuck until we figure out what to do .
 I was a bit hesitant to buy this and justly so . I 've never received a product that was in such bad condition that I had to send it back . The two side panels were completely cracked , the wood was horribly warped and the pegs to put it together with the glue were too small for the holes . I just ca n't believe that this is going for $ 100 . It is totally not worth it . I could build something myself for way less money with way more quality . Speaking of quality , the manufacturer could use some quality control .
 Forget it ... . over priced ... self assembly ... falls apart ... even if itwere $ 29 dollars which it should be ... I would think twice
 The ONLY good thing about this item is that is better than average looking . My 7 lb . Maltipoo CHEWED through the plastic spindley strappings , which are supposed to hold this thing together . I absolutely DO NOT recommend ANYONE buying this for their pet .
 Update - The manufacturer shipped a replacement panel for $ 30 . I then went to the local hardware store and picked up some chicken wire to make sure Bogey does n't remodel again.Our 9 lb Papillon with a bum front leg made short work of this crate after about 2 months of use . I guess once he figure out the plastic was easy to get at , he got after it . He 's not a chewer and he 's been crate trained since we got him 3 years ago . They really need some cross bars to prevent this sort of thing . It 's a nice looking crate but it obviously is flawed.See the proud rascal and his carnage here - http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B0017IVOZO/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_allThat was done between 8:00 AM and lunch.I just hope I can get a replacement for the side panel and find someway to secure the sides so I do n't have to throw this expensive item in the trash .
 First off , this crate looks really nice . It is the best looking crate we 've found.The door latches are also quite effective . Normally our 11-year-old beagle figures out latches quickly and we have to use climbers ' clips to reinforce the door.The problem with this crate is weak welds on the wire on the door . The cage/wire is thin , and therefore where they connect to each other are tiny little `` tack '' welds . Our 11-year-old , arthritic dog destroyed 10 welds in one night ! Once the cage wire comes off of one weld , it 's easy to rip it off of the other ones . Basically , the door is ruined.Do we just have a really bad dog ? Perhaps , but the $ 60 crate we had before this one lasted 11 years with this dog - the latches went bad , but not one weld problem.Second thing ... the wicker came to us unwound on the back . We almost sent it back over this , but given the size of the crate and how hard it is to ship , we decided to live with that problem . The weld problem is not so easily ignored.If you have a quiet , relaxed dog , this will probably work . But if your dog gets bored during the night and starts pulling , you 'll find them with their head stuck in a hole they 've made in the morning.Sorry , good looks or not , this crate does not meet the cut.A fix would be to wind the wires around the top and bottom before welding them . Then , you 'd not be pulling against the weld , but the wire itself.We 've temporarily used large-sized zip-ties to prevent her from getting her head stuck until we figure out what to do .
 My dog does n't much care for it . With a lot of encouragement , he 'll pick it up , then drop it again . He did , while it was turned off , chew off a couple of the bumps . Otherwise , while it 's running , he has absolutely no interest at best , and runs away at worst .
 My dogs adore the Bumble Ball . They bark and growl at it and attack it while it 's operating . But it 's dumb for the company to warn you it 's not a chew toy . Any dog who gets ahold of the toy -LRB- and they will -RRB- will chew on the rubbery knobs and chew them off , quickly . Even with constant supervision , we were unable to prevent them from biting off the knobs . A redesign with harder knobs -LRB- Nylabone-style -RRB- would be welcome .
 Great concept , poor execution . By simply chewing on it , my boxer knocked some of the knobs back into the center of the ball , within an hour , thus rendering it in operable . He proceeded then to chew every knob out of the ball within a day , leaving us with a green orb , with a lot of holes in it , which makes noise .
 This did keep my jack russell mix occupied - she loved and destroyed it . She had completely chewed off all the knobs within 20 minutes . dont ' buy this for any dog that is a chewer .
 Well I thought it was a great toy until my lab puppy chewed the knobs off.Don ' t get me wrong he was very excited -LRB- alittle too excited -RRB- The toy lasted 30 mins and it did n't work anymore .
 until the motor burned up my pet really seemed to enjoy sometimes was scared of the item . if the longevity of the item matched the price , i would like it much better .
 This ball is not for chewers . There are many parts a dog can chew off and possibly get choked on .
 This toy fell apart the very first time my dog tried to play with it . Poorly made , do n't waste your money on it !
 At first my pups were scared then they chewed it in a matter of seconds . The concept is good however the design is cheap .
 My new Boxer puppy loved this Bumble Ball but it only worked for a week . I had a larger one years ago for another pet but I did n't have these problems with it . In fact it lasted for years . They will only refund once your return it . After paying postage I 'd only net a few dollars . Not worth the trouble but I guess they know that .
 I got this and it broke shortly after getting it . I think I paid too much for it to have it brake that soon .
 Puppy had a good time for about 2 minutes , then it broke ... . going to attempt to return it . Such a shame ...
 It 's obnoxiously loud . It 's pretty funny . for 10 seconds , once it gets it 's self stuck up against the wall . It 's too heavy for cats ... dog would perhaps enjoy it more . Or Toddlers .
 This product was destroyed by my small Shih tzu 's within 3 minutes of giving it to them . The plastic bumps are very soft plastic and have precut lines in them , which makes them even easier to pull apart . I wrote to Amazon about this and they quickly refunded my money , no questions asked . This should not be advertised as a pet bumble ball .
 The Bumble Ball did not live up to its description , the batteries are not strong enough to make the ball jump around . It moves very little and just seems to vibrate , the dog had little intrest in it at all . Do n't waist your money .
 CHEWED THE KNOBS RIGHT OFF . HELD THE BALL DOWN WITH HIS PAWS AND CHEWED ALL THE KNOBS .
 I have a small Lab that is a moderate chewer . This is one of the worst toys ever . Within 15 minutes she had some of the nubs chewed off . On the inside are hard plastic cones that are glued on . The glue came loose on several of the cones and they fell inside which freezes up the motor . This is a worthless piece of junk made in -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- China . Do not buy !
 Unless you have a very mild mannered dog , this ball will fall apart after the first use of play !
 The product stated that a battery was included -- the battery however was ineffective . Also , access to the battery was difficult . I understand that one does not want ` movable ' parts for pets but the design is poor as far as changing the battery .
 My dog is terrified of this toy ! Surely dog toy developers must know that loud noises bother doggies ' sensitive ears , and this toy sounds like a coffee grinder . Not very good planning , if you ask me .
 This ball was a piece of junk . It did n't even last 5 minutes before the batteries were dead .
 I bought this for my dog . At first my dog was afraid of it but when I gave it to her at another time , she was playing with it and liked it . But after only a while , it stopped working and it was n't the batteries . I returned it to EntirelyPets and they refunded my money/shipping . They were great !!! Maddie Couture
 It quit working about 3 to 4 days after received . My dog enjoys playing ball with it , but he loved it before it quit . Ca n't recommend it to others .
 I have a 10 pound boston terrier , she loved this thing so much and it only worked for about 5 minutes . Something came loose in it and now its broken .
 I was pretty excited to give this toy to my 8 month old puppy . When she saw it she was terrified , excited , and it was hilarious . My high hopes were soon dashed when I realized that the vibrations from the toy caused it to turn itself off within 30 seconds of being put on the ground . I do n't give up easily so I taped the switch down . The dog played with it for probably 1/2 an hour the first day . The next day I turned it on and it broke ... just broke . I do n't know why , but it seemed that the inner mechanism that made the `` bumbling '' happen just fell apart . I left the toy for my dog anyway figuring she might still be able to get some enjoyment out of it ... about 10 minutes later she had chewed off a few of the nubs , and that was that . A whole 45 minutes of playing , a tennis ball would have been more effective .
 Do n't waste your money . Died after 2 days . Changing batteries did nothing to get working again .
 I watched some videos of dogs having a good time with this toy . We have a Chocolate Labradoodle . He looked at it funny at first , then picked it up . The motor made a high pitch noise . I took it from him and it would not go back to normal . I turned it off and gave it back to him . He had torn to pieces in about 5 mins . This might be good for small dogs , but not big ones . The motor also went haywire within the first couple of minutes .
 The has to be the worst buy I have made on Amazon.DO NOT BUY !
 For some reason , I got one that seemed to work for a couple of seconds , my JRT showed no interest in this , I was looking for something that would move by itself in order that he might chase it around the room . No Such luck here . It went bye bye .
 We bought this for our less aggessive chewer - Lakeland Terrier - unfortunately he showed very little interest in it and preferred a $ 2.00 `` head '' that squeeked when he bit into it . He liks the new toy smell of cheap rubber toys -LRB- although they do n't last long -RRB- We tried to entice him to play with this toy but he barely noticed it . Our Welsh terrier found it a bit more interesting but being an aggressive chewer he immediately captured it and began to chew off the knobs.It was expensive to just sit in the toy basket.My mother 's poodle was afraid of it . So we had one with no interest , one afraid and one who simply wanted to chew and destroy . Did n't work for any of our dogs .
 I notice that some folks do not explain if they purchased merchandise on line or in the store with they review . I bought this online from above retailer . Unpackaged it - DOES NOT WORK . Not a battery prob . Purely a motor problem . Enough said . DOES NOT WORK . Will not recommend this purchase online.New information regarding customer service since I was unable to edit the previous stars to 4
 This is not a fair review as my dog has not met `` Crazy Pet Bumble Ball '' . I have got to comment anyway . The statment not to let your dog chew onthe knobs assumes owners are going to take it away when the dog startschewing on the aforementioned knobs . They have n't met my dog . The first thing my dog would do is to chew the knobs off . I would not buy this formy dog .
 Pros :1 . Cool little toy that bounces around2 . Grabs dog 's attention3 . Stimulates dog 's mindCons :1 . Dog was scared of it initially , she got past this after awhile .2 . My dog is not a heavy chewer , but once the initial fear was gone she utterly destroyed this toy!Other Thoughts : Your mileage may vary , but for me this toy was pretty neat to start with , but my dog destroyed it quickly . I think she saw it as a threat as she does n't usually chew her toys . If you have a chewer type dog I really do n't recommend this !
 Since the new changes in manufacturing them using ONLY Alkaline batteries , they no longer are reliable . They do n't last as long as regular batteries and you can not use them with rechargable Alkaline batteries . I had to buy a whole set of batteries , Alkalines . It is rediculous . I love the regular battery operating Crazy Balls Best .
 Got the bumble ball fast which was good and put new betteries in but only works when it wants to hasnt been dropped or anything just simply doesnt work im sure it woulda been fun but its cheaply made would not recommend
 A fun toy and design . But it does n't bounce or bumble around as much as I expected it too . Just kinda vibrates and slowly changes direction . Would be better if it bounced more and had great direction changes .
 Although it was very fun and cute to give to my 9 month old pit / lab mix , he had all the knobs and the yellow tab to pull for the on/off switch chewn off in the first hour . It seems to be his goal in life to destroy whatever toy you put in his reach . . and this did not stand up to his jaws . It was in the trash an hour later , but for a smaller , less anxious dog , this toy may keep him entertained for hours at a time
 My dog really loved this toy , but sadly she ca n't play with it anymore because it broke less than 24 hours of her getting it . Firstly , the reinforcement cones inside the ball came unglued one by one , each time jamming the motor unit . I spent much time interupting her play session , in order to take the ball apart to get each cone out , before reassembling it . All the while my poor dog looked on with great frustration . After all that , the motor was working but the ball would no longer move , so I had to jiggle it about myself -LRB- which rather defeats the object ! -RRB- In the end , I had to put the ball away as I could smell the motor burning itself out . I 'm angry considering that this toy was n't cheap -LRB- plus the amount of shipping costs -RRB- . It will be too much hassle for me to send it back to the U.S. to get a replacement .
 We had one of these from 5 or 6 years ago -LRB- same brand and everything -RRB- . Our first dog loved it and we would bring it out a few times a week to entertain him . When we got our new puppy , he was a bit more rough with it and eventually chewed the rubber knobs off . We liked it so much we decided to look for another one for those nights when throwing a rope bone in the house just was n't enough to entertain our puppy.We got it in the mail no problem . My main complaint is that it did n't want to run for very long before the batteries ran out , and it was a bit of a pain to change the batteries -LRB- you have to take out the three small screws holding it together ... which I liked because it was safer and the dogs could n't get it apart and chew on the batteries , but when you are doing this every other day , it turns into a hassle -RRB- . It never really ran the same as our first one ... it was slower and did n't bounce as much.There was also the problem of the knobs again , but he was n't chewing off the rubber outside part ... there is a harder plastic inside part for the knobs and they are just glued in place . With minimal chewing , the plastic part would pop out and get loose inside the ball -LRB- not an issue with our first one -RRB- . You would hear it rattle around until finally it would get caught up in the moving parts and if you did n't catch it right away it would burn up the motor . We never let our puppy play with this unattended , so I always caught it right away , but then it meant taking the toy apart again -LRB- three small screws , etc -RRB- and this was also happening about every other day . So all in all , I was taking it apart almost every day for one reason or another.So , I 'm not sure if maybe the quality is going down over the years or what , but it only lasted a few weeks before I got tired of taking it apart and changing batteries -LRB- which also gets expensive since it takes 4 AA batteries to run -RRB- .
 but it broke after one use . I thought it was battery related - so I replaced the batteries and the toy still did n't work . I tried the internal trigger to see if it was a contact problem - it appears to be an actual motor problem . Too bad - my 15 pound cocker spaniel would of enjoyed this toy . I do n't think he was strong enough to break it on the first day .
 My Jack Russell loved the ball , in fact when I would take it out , even before I turned it on she would go crazy trying to get it away from me . It took her very little time to figure out how to `` catch '' the ball , then once she figured this out she chewed off the tips of all the soft plastic knobs . She had completely chewed off all of the knobs within a week . It was great for keeping her entertained but not worth the price .
 The Crazy Pet Bumble Ball operates on battery power , turning over in a random kind of way until it runs into something , e.g. a wall , ledge , or piece of furniture . In my living room the toy usually ran into an obstacle after about 2 minutes . The body is hard plastic , and the spikes are of light flexible rubbery plastic construction.In the six months that Ardi has been with us he has completely destroyed only one toy . The Crazy Pet Bumble Ball survived for only five minutes . Ardi , an 18-month old , 90-pound Shepherd mix , is very gentle with his toys , a light chewer at the worst . He has several PetQwerks products , both babble balls and plush toys ; all remain in pretty good shape.When the Bumble Ball arrived , I turned it on , and placed it on the floor in front of the dog . Ardi did n't quite seem to know what to make of this moving , noisy device . After repositioning the bumble ball several times , trying to interest Ardi , all with very limited success , I finally turned the unit off . I left the room for a five minute trip , and when I returned , there were multiple pieces of the bumble ball spikes in various parts of the room . The Crazy Pet Bumble Ball was completely destroyed.This toy was really not suitable on two different levels . Obviously , the construction was not appropriate for a dog that chews anything . If you dog has any kind of chewing tendencies at all , irrespective of size , this product wo n't last . But , secondly , when the product is turned on , it always ended up against an impediment , and while it buzzed and tried to move , the bumble ball did not move as it was designed to . If you have a very large open space it might work for you , most other settings , not so much .
 I think this is intended for a toddler not a dog . My dog chewed off one of the knobs in seconds . She does n't find interest in the movement , she would rather just chew the knobs which does n't take much ! I do n't see how you can create a toy not durable enough to even pick up . When my dog picked it up she put a hole in one of the knobs . What a waste of money , I wish I could return it .
 This toy is good to keep the dogs attention . The only problem is my labwas able to chew the knobs off the outside and it had sharp pieces on itso I disregarded it ! The price is too high as well .
 Thought it would be great , but actually scared my dog and when he got over his fear he was unable to get near enough to play with it.Needless to say he did not get enjoyment out of it.Can ' t recomend .
 I could n't wait to get the ball , having an extremely active Boston Terrior . The package arrived , opened it , and there were stickers all over it saying supervise your pet and not to let them chew the rubber tips off ! I reviewed the add on Amazon and nowhere did it say that they should not chew off the tips . Dogs are dogs , if they catch something jumping around the first instinct is to bite it . I think the J-B Wholesale Pet supplies should have a warning before buying item page .
 I thought this would be my dogs new favorite toy - I was very wrong.My Boston Terrier was frightened by the loud grinding noise it made as it lurched toward her . My Rat Terrier could n't have cared less about this toy as it does n't in any way act like the small prey animals he so ardently desires - it instead acts like an unwell machine having a very loud seizure.In short , it has nothing good to offer either of my dogs and was an absolute waste of money .
 FORGET ABOUT IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT LASTED FOR 32 SECONDS !!!! I HAVE A BOSTON TERRIER AND THE BALL WAS TOAST IN LITERALLY 32 SECONDS !! IT WAS PRICEY AND SO NOT WORTH IT !! SO BOSTON OWNERS ... DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ... TRY WIGGLY GIGGLY BONE INSTEAD!THE ONLY REASON IT HAS ONE STAR IS BECAUSE I WAS NOT ALLOWED TO LEAVE IT BLANK
 My 12 week old puppy LOVED the toy . However , it only last a couple of hours and she had the knobs off and it quit working . This toy would be perfect if it could hold up to rowdy puppy . It kept her busy until I had to take it away from her . I will put in the trash because the plastic knobs come off and she might swallow one . too bad it is not made very well . : -LRB-
 My Westie loved this , but had it torn to pieces in under 5 minutes - do not buy unless your dog only likes to lick toys !
 The first day I used it for a few minutes ; my puppy was intrigued with it but a bit concerned . The next day every time I turned it on and set it down it would only wiggle for 3-5 seconds and then come to a stop .
 I was looking forward to receive this ball because i thought my seven months golden retriever was going to have so much fun , but as soon i took it out from box and turn the switch on , the ball did not do anything . I replaced batteries but it did not work anyway . I reviewed instruction set but it did not say anything helpful . Engine must be damaged . I finally decided to give the ball to my dog anyway but after just two minutes playing with it , one of the color pieces just pop up . I really will not recomend this product to anyone.The only good thing was delivery time .
 Okay , my corgis are pretty destructive . They are able to trash every toy I give them ... But in 8 minutes ?? They were digging at the ball and something inside became loose and it died . Since it did n't come with any instructions , I have no idea if it can be opened safely and what to look for . A complete waste of $ $ . Too bad as the boys LOVED it for those 8 minutes !
 Mechanized toys require frequent battery changes - yet this toy confines its batteries to prison , with jailbreak taking 21 minutes in the most punitive access I 've seen . Three screws , torqued forcibly to create a permanent seal for `` replaceable '' AA batteries , heads countersunk 4 millimeters below surface , holes so narrow the smallest diameter screwdriver must grind away housing to unscrew . Unseating required great force to break the factory seal , then chew through the plastic surround . I started with an eyeglass repair screwdriver -LRB- to gain access -RRB- , then switched to a size-matched screwdriver -LRB- for needed force -RRB- . Gouging them out , took hard effort . Clocked
 So my dog loved this thing . She was intrigued , could n't get her mouth around it , wanted to play and play and play!Then it broke.Before the batteries were out . It broke . As in , it would n't get power , the engine would n't flip , it would n't move around.We pushed and prodded and replaced , etc. and got it to gyrate for a bit , but as soon as the dog poked it ... BROKEN AGAIN.So , yeah . It 's great and then it breaks . So F *** it . Do n't buy .
 Terrible item . Not only did it stop working but our puppy took off one of the rubber pieces . Not safe at all
 My 6th month old greyhound/beagle mix enjoyed this for about 5 minutes ... then the caps inside the nub fell into the center of the ball causing the motor to cease functioning . After getting the `` eyes '' from my sad puppy I hauled out the screwdriver , dismantled the toy and rigged it to work again . That is until he picked the toy up by one of the nubs and the inner cap came off ... again . This is a child 's toy , it is not meant for dogs ... also note while the photo shows the text on the ball to be `` Crazy Dog Bumble Ball '' mine simply came with the words `` Bumble Ball '' on it . Making me think this company is just selling a child 's toy as a pet toy . Not good considering the hazards that could occur when a dog plays with this ball . Check out the babble ball instead ... at least that is an actual pet toy .
 When I first started this thing up I thought our Boston Terrier was going to like it , he jumped with excitement , until it keep hitting him in the noise and mouth every time he tried to pick it up . Then I found how it holds up to our small , 25 or less pound B.T. , once I truned it off and laid it on the floor he took it . Less than 5 minutes he chewed one of the colored feet off and the gray piece inside , that I could see inside the ball , and also he had another foot chewed almost all the way through . So ... I threw it out . This is not a dog toy . Dogs chew things . If you can not trust a toy with your dog for less than five minutes without getting something caught in their throat , it is not a safe toy . If you decide to get one of these , make sure you supervise , and do not allow your dog to chew on it . You would be better to give this to a cat that does not chew things up . Unless your dog is old and toothless , give it to a toddler like it was intended .
 This toy needs a 9 v not 3 AA batteries . With 3 brand new batteries -LRB- not the ones it came with -RRB- , it would only move around for a couple of minutes before it died . Save your money and buy your pet some treats instead .
 I had this bumble ball for all of 1 day and it quit working . I pushed in the button to start it and nothing happened . Then I could n't pull the button back out ! I am thinking for 15 bucks it should have worked for at least a couple of days ! This was worthless , now my dog just stares at it .
 I just received this in the mail . Turned it on and my dog loved it . He chased it and picked it up , dropped it on the CARPET and it stopped working ! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?
 I bought this toy for my dog . She absolutely loved it but it is so not durable enough . Who in there right mind would make a pet toy of soft rubber where a dogs teeth would go to pick up a toy ??? The thing is absolutely amazing and kept her busy until the nubs started coming apart with the pressure of her teeth just picking it up .
 I bought this toy for my brother 's Mini Schnauzer . The first time I turned it on he ran away . He 's not afraid of it anymore and makes the weirdest noises when he plays with it . He plays with it for about five minutes then he gets bored . He actually learned to turn it on by himself . But like all toys and some treats you should supervise your pet .
 My dog LOVES this toy . The problem is , it does n't last for mjore than a couple days . I thought it was the battery , or a defective toy , but I bought a couple others over the last couple years and the same thing always happens . I have a yorkie and when he grabs it and plays with it , it must break apart inside and interfer with the bouncing mechanism . And the knobs break off way too easy . Too bad . Wish they would make a better one .
 I had bought a similar `` ball '' for my neighbor 's large Great Dane / Lab mix a couple of years ago - it was great fun watching her try to catch it ! I bought this toy for my daughter 's 1 year old , medium sized , mixed breed for Christmas . She was not frightened of it in the least . We thought she may be , because she is a bit of a scaredy cat ! To our surprise she immediately went after it with much enthusiasm . But the fun was VERY short lived . The `` ball '' did not `` bounce '' in unexpected directions as we had expected , but instead sort of rolled and rocked rather slowly making it easily and quickly caught . In less then 10 minutes of play she had bit one of the `` studs '' and broke it , so now it wo n't work at all . I would search around for a different `` ball '' then this one , it does n't appear to really be made for dogs .
 When I first got this , I was surprised at it 's small size . I was expecting a larger toy , like the one used for children . My dog is a Great Dane , and he can easily fit this in his mouth . I wanted something that he would chase around , but he just grabs it and gnaws on it . Yesterday he chewed one of the knobs right off , and he could have easily choked on it if I was n't supervising him . I 'm thinking about getting the regular kid sized one , which should be harder for him to sink his teeth into.I think it would be a fun toy for a small dog to chase around , but if you have a large dog , I would look for something different .
 My dog loved the toy but when he put it in his mouth the yellow piece that turns it on & off broke off instantly . I have a german shepard mix who is 1 yrs old , the toy lasted a mere 5 minutes . He still trys to move the toy around so that it starts jumping but without that piece it was useless .
 I had run out of the stuff I had been using -LRB- Next Level Joint Fluid -RRB- so I decided to try this stuff . I used it for about a month and it did n't seem to give the same mobility that the Next Level did . I stopped using it and went back to Next Level and my dog is back in action . This is n't meant to be a blind endorsement of Next Level as all dogs , just like people have different body chemistry 's . It took me some time to find a supplement that seems to work with mine . Good luck , and try out a few until you find what works for your best friend .
 The high amount of fish meal in this food probably contains ethoxyquine which is a carcinogenic preservative . It accumulates in the liver and causes damage down the road . Unless you can get written verification that this company buys fish meal that does not contain ethoxyquine , do not feed this food . I think it states on the bag that no artificial preservatives are `` added '' . This just means that Solid Gold company did not add artificial preservatives in their formulation -LRB- dog food companies are not required to list ingredients which were already present in the meals that they purchased -RRB- . Fish meal in dry dog food is the newest fad since it is now recognized that dogs need essential omega 3 fatty acids . Unfortunately , these fatty acids have a very short shelf life -LRB- a week maybe ? -RRB- and so dry dog food is not a reliable supply for these fats . Adding large amounts of a very strong anti-oxidant -LRB- ethoxyquine , which was developed as a pesticide and later found to be excellent for preventing the oxidation of latex rubber -RRB- is the only way to keep fish dregs -LRB- i.e. `` fish meal '' -RRB- from becoming overly putrid . If you do n't have a good preservative , then your dog ends up eating rancid fats which are also toxic . Solution
 My 2 yr old terrier mix has been eating this food since she was a puppy . She loves it & we love it because since switching over to this her skin is no longer pink and itchy ! HOWEVER THIS SELLER IS TERRIBLE ... Placed order for `` just a wee bit '' dog food . In-stock item was estimated to be delivered a week later . Well a week later when I was supposed to have received my order I instead received an email from amazon stating they could not give me tracking info because seller had not confirmed that the item had yet been shipped ! I contacted seller asking when I would be receiving the order and they did not reply ! Meanwhile I ran out of my dogs food and I had to drive all around town looking for a store that carried this brand ! -LRB- hard to find in my area , which is why I usually order online ... usually through amazon from ProbioticSmart , but I tried to save a few bucks with PetcareRx ... never again
 I bought a 15lb bag for my girls a poodle and a maltese and i was so impressed by the packing . the girls even seem to really like it at first . Now almost 2weeks later i will have to give this dog food away to the local animal shelter because it has made my dog 's stools soft and oh soooo smelly ! not to mention the gas that it gave my poor maltese . They used to be on iams small breed and after all the recalls i decided to change them . i would put them back on that in a heartbeat after this . my maltese has never had problems with tear staining . and now she seems to have alot of extra discharge coming from her eyes . both my maltese and poodle have started itching like crazy . my poor poodle looks at me and whines i know she must be miserable ! constantly itching and licking her paws and legs . i 'm taking them off this and going to be puttin them on some of our farm dogs food `` Purina dog chow '' that seems to be better quality then this . I am going to try the Wellness small breed dog food . that also has good reviews but we will see . i definately will not be buying a big bag . good luck to you all !
 so poorly made and lightweight my cats ca n't even use it . The size is perfect , construction , very very poor . It just dos n't work .
 Had at least three refills from the pet store ... these are not the same size , they are half of the size of the ones from the pet store ... they do n't fly the same either . . very disappointed with this purchase . . Also they were not shipped in a cardboard tube as was stated . . just saw a seller with with a super bird refill ... that 's the one that you want ... these little ones are no good ...
 I purchased these additional feather ` birds ' when I purchased the Da Bird Value Pack through Amazon.The feather end attaches to the string/cord via a small metal thing-a-ma-jimmy . Whilst playing with my cat with this toy , that metal piece wacked her in the eye . She ran and wont play with Da Bird again . -LRB- Thank heavens her eye was not damaged . -RRB- So the whole thing was a waste of money
 My cats and I feel that these are flimsy and worthless . I can not find/buy the good sturdy feathers they used to like , so their favorite toy is gone . Left with this cheap trash they have no interest in . What a shame .
 While my cats will play with this , the end of the stick splinters and has gotten me several times in the hand . It 's garbage .
 i ordered feather refills no problems w that along w thati ordered 2 of the cat puff toy -LRB- pic shows 3 items per order -RRB- thinking i would rec a total of six . paid 7.40 and rec 'd only one puff ballpic showed three puffs for the price of 3.70 . totally disappointed.nowhere on this site does it state u get one for that price.but then they jst send me one !!! thought maybe they had to back order the otherhave not rec `` d item or rec 'd an email.so for 7.40 i rec `` d one yes one puff toyi am waiting for a reply.thinking of informing amazon of how misleadingproduct quanity adverisement is of this productanyways i jst want product or money for item notrec 'd . n for future cust to note u get 1 not 3and shipper pron to quanity error n shipping
 My cats took one look at this DVD and found something else to do . I had the feeling they would not like it as they are never interested in the TV , mirrors , phones or anything like that . If your cat shows any interest in TV , perhaps they will love the DVD ... my cats just did n't . It was too bad , I was looking forward to watching them paw at the TV : -RRB-
 Although my cat was very interested in watching all the critters on this DVD , I was pleased at first that he took such an interest . The next day , I left the DVD on Loop while I was away at work for over 9 hours . When I returned later that evening , within minutes , he aggressively attacked me -- scratching my legs and foot and viciously biting my hand and arm . I was shocked at his ferocious behavior , and quite frankly , became frightened of this usually docile , male , neutered indoor house cat that I adopted from a shelter over 2 1/2 years ago . I had to run from the room and shut the door to escape his attack . He has NEVER acted like that in the past and I can only attritube this behavior from becoming OVER-stimulated , and perhaps frustrated , from watching and hearing all the critters on this DVD and not being able to interact with them . I have no other explanation -- so BEWARE ! No where on this DVD , does it meaning a warning of this sort !
 We recently rescued a feral cat . Obviously he has social issues and would rather be outside than in our home ... but ... in our home is where he is . I got this thinking it might help him transition . Well , he is a pretty smart kitty . The first time he watched it he was entranced , the second time he tried to get the mice , the third time he was bored and knew he could n't get to the creatures . Since then he has ignored the DVD totally . The quality is only fair with quite a bit of camera jumping around and the outdoor sounds are annoying after a while ... at least annoying to me .
 This video was just not my cat 's thing . Since they do tend to watch TV , I thought they would really love it but I think the videos of the animals are too close up and not &#34; nature-y &#34; enough . It 's not like looking through a window . Not a total flop but they watched it for about 2 minutes and were done .
 Purchased this and another Cat sitterIII DVD and the cats said not interested , not their cup of catnip . The dog did n't care for it either . What can I say ... my household gives it a Paw 's down .
 I thought this would be at least 15-30 minutes of scenes and sounds that would interest my cats . It turns out it 's only 3-4 scenes -LRB- at least one that just shows cats watching the DVD -RRB- . It has butterflies and birds , but it did n't interest either of my cats for a second . I was disappointed , too , because it plays in an endless loop . I had hoped it would be something I could enjoy with my cats , but it 's just annoying to me . I 've never bought one of these DVDs for cats , so maybe they 're all made similarly . But I feel like I wasted my money.Disclaimer
 After three tries my cats still are n't even paying attention to the sounds or the video . My cats are indoor/outdoor , so perhaps they are just used to watching real birds and could care less about TV . My friend adopted two siblings of my one cat , and they are completely indoor cats and I know those cats love the DVD and will walk around the TV trying to find where the birds , etc. are coming from . So if your cats are used to sitting outside watching real birds , then this DVD might be a waste of money . If your cats are indoor cats and you have long work hours , then this DVD is a great solution for curing a cat 's boredom .
 My Burmese cat was not the least bit captivated , either by the sounds or images .
 I used this product last winter and it killed part of my lawn and some ground cover . The lawn was completely dead along the entire driveway where I used the product . I only had the small size container and did n't even use all of it over the entire winter , but it served as a very potent grass killer.Since it 's so toxic to plants , I question if it 's safe for pets .
 I see many of the reviews of this product were for PUPPIES . Maybe they aer good for PUPPIES , but NOT FOR DOGS !! I purchased 6 Quado dog bones . The dogs loved them and devoured them in only an hour . I was disappointed and disturbed that they went so quickly and went back to read the packaging to find a small blurb on the back of the package on the bottom right `` Quado is to be consumed over a period of time and not in once sitting or even on day . '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- I paid about $ 8 for each bone with shipping . This was for a bone which lasted only an hour . I expected it to be a `` bone '' not a `` treat . '' I could have taken my dogs out to dinner for that price . -LRB- 2 -RRB- If the bone is meant to be consumed over time , please make that obvious on the front of the package and not in some small print on the back . It worries me now why they printed the statement on the back.I can appreciate the fact that they created environmentally-friendly products and trusted that I would be satisfied with my purchase . I buy the best for my dogs despite not being a wealthy person . I bought these bones because the shape is a great design . I expected a bone that would last . I am disappointed . I would requested a refund for my purchase price . I have yet to hear from the company N-Bone .
 My Weim/lab mix ate the ENTIRE toy in less than a day . Not worth the money . I was hoping it would last for a week , but less than a day ? Get real .
 Thought this was a nylabone , didnt realize it was a ` treat ' until my Pup had consumed an entire leg within the first hour !! Was cleaning up puke the rest of the night ... very unhappy with this product ... packaging should really say ` treat / not chew toy ' and warn owners of potential for cleaning up -LRB- did I mention ALL NIGHT ? -RRB- afterwards.a -RRB- not worth the $ $ b -RRB- not worth the pain in the a $ $ c -RRB- just go get your dog a kong already
 I have a Giant Schnauzer and in less than 15 minutes it was gone . In my opinion it was a bit to expensive for such a short amount of time .
 My tiny 25-pound dog devoured this in 10 minutes ! Sure , she enjoyed it , but I had expected it to last for at least 3-4 days , not 10 lousy minutes ! I feel like I was duped . I realize my little &#34; mut &#34; is a powerful chewer , but she only weighs 25 pounds . I thought a bone designed for a big dog would last her a while . A large dog would probably finish this off in 30 seconds . If you can afford to give your dog something that she wo n't even remember an hour later , then go ahead and buy this . If you want your dog to have a long , enjoyable treat ... do n't waste your money on this product .
 I have a Great Pyrenees who ate half of this in an hour . Do not buy this for chewers , it will not last .
 While my dog enjoyed this chew very much , he devoured the whole thing in under ten minutes . 40 pound Australian Shepherd that I would not describe as a particularly aggressive chewer , finished the ` average ' says much faster than I expected . I thought the material would be harder and more difficult for them to break off pieces . It 's probably great for small dogs , but too much money for something I wanted to last for much longer .
 My dog ate this way too fast . Maybe if it was cheap it would be worth it but it is NOT worth the price for how long it lasts . Do n't waste your money buying this if your dog is an aggressive chewer or if they weigh more than 30 lbs
 This is sold as a `` bone '' so I expected it to be something solid that he could chew on for a while . This is really more of a treat . We had to take it from him after 5 minutes because it was almost gone . He finished it another day in another 5 minute session with it . This will not last if your dog is a big chewer . I feel like it was a big waste of money .
 Cat has had fleas for several months , I have given her flea baths and then next day applied this product as directed . I have not seen ANY benefit from this product , as a matter of fact the fleas appear to be more concentrated around the base of the neck where the product is applied ! I wonder if this company forgot that it is suppose to kill and repel fleas not attract and propogate them .
 I do n't usually have to write a negative review for things on Amazon , but this did nothing but add a big greasy spot on my cats . They still had fleas two weeks later . From what I could tell , just as many as before . There is no shortcut ... just buy Advantage or Frontline . Get it from amazon , the price IS better on the stuff that works .
 My wife purchased this for out outdoor cat a last September . Last night we applied it again since we 've seen a lot of ticks so far this month . Well today my wife called me in a panic stating our cat was now BALD where the medicine was applied between the shoulder blades and his skin was red like it had a chemical burn . Our cat is a male , about 10 years old and about 12lbs . He 's a tough tom cat so I 'm sure he 'll survive this but PLEASE search the internet for other reviews of this product . Other cats have died ! If it 's possible for me to add a picture later I will do so but I would stay clear of this . We 'll be purchasing a name brand from our vet next time . I wish we would have searched for reviews before we used .
 Do not cheap out on your pet meds . I 've learned a huge lesson . I have four cats , and use flea and tick meds for good measure , and one of them had fleas before I applied this product -LRB- and still does -RRB- . First off , the grease slick on my cats ' necks was as big as my entire hand and lasted for four days . -LRB- Put your hand just behind your cats head and that is the size of the spot -RRB- They probably loved washing that off . So , typically flea meds will make my cats a little jumpy for a couple hours after , but this stuff had them absolutely skittish . Afraid of most everything , noises and just my trying to touch them.If I could I would sue for damages , pain and suffering , but cats ca n't spend money . Terrible , terrible stuff.And , on top of all that I read on the box that it is for one month protection , not three like the higher priced item.Also , the fleas are alive and well on the one cat that had fleas , and no sign of death for them . If it does n't kill the fleas it probably -LRB- probably -RRB- wo n't kill the cats .
 My cats did not have fleas previously , and , after using this product , they do . I am also not impressed with how it leaks down my cats ' necks , even though I applied it correctly . I spent a decent amount of money on this product , so I assumed it would be effective . This time around , I gave my cats Advantage , which I am hoping will get rid of the fleas this product did not prevent .
 I have purchased this product in the hopes that it will relieve my 3 year old cat of fleas . What I ended up with is a poisoned cat who is in an Emergency Animal hospital , hooked up to an IV.I applied this product topically , as directed , by squeezing it on my cat 's skin on his neck , right under the base of the skull . Three hours after I did so , I noticed my cat shaking and not being able to stand straight . I have immediately washed him and gave him water and food . He would not touch any of it so I knew at that point that this horrible medication poisoned him.I would be angry at myself , if I had misused the product in some way . But I did not . I read the directions several times and made sure I did it correctly . DO NOT BUY THIS !!! $ 550 incurred in medical bills to this date for a product that was n't that cheap to begin with . The worst part is my cat 's suffering , which is infinitely worse than anything he ever suffered when he had fleas.And as for the effectiveness of this product , I dont know if it can kill fleas , but it can certainly kill your pet .
 I bought the Zodiac flea treatment thinking it would kill the fleas , eggs , ect . on my three cats , it did nothing but make a huge oily mess on their necks and sides . It also made one of them sick throwing up all over the place . I tried using it for 2 months to give it a decent try but it did absolutly nothing but make a mess ! Now I have 3 months worth of fleas to clean out with expensive advantage , instead of 1 month , which I should have done in the beginning !
 As with other buyers , I 've found that this product leaves an oily residue on my cat 's fur more than a week after it 's application . It also made her very sick the second time it was used , mainly because there 's so much of it in one vial that it spreads down her skin and fur to where she reach to can lick it . Have you ever seen bright green vomit ? That 's what she brought up . Flea control seems to be achieved but the side effects make me question the propriety of using this product on either of my cats -LRB- the male , fortunately , is able to wear a 6-month flea collar to which the female is allergic -RRB- . They 're the same age , 7 years , so I 'm not discussing kittens . I will not use this product again and have already ordered Frontline Plus . I know it works and I know my cat has no adverse reaction to it . This is a case where trying to save a few dollars cost me more in the long run .
 The Thathed Hut Bird Nest is very cute , however it is not constructed well enough to use with live birds . The webbing is not tight , creating holes that adult birds get their legs caught in and baby birds can fall through . Purchased several of these nests for our aviary and ended up removing all of them .
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 The harness was great for the first day . I had left it on my 6 month old puppy the following day only to find she had chewed straight through the strap that goes under the belly from the neck to the waist . The material needs to be made of a stronger fiber which can not be so easily destroyed by the teeth of a teething and curious puppy . I had to throw the entire harness away as it would not longer stay straight on her body . What a waste !
 thank todo los relacionado con este articulo esta muy bueno hasta la manera de entregarlo todo a tiempo espero poder compra mas
 this is a disgusting piece of training device . i saw one woman who had a 4-month old pitbull mix and she was wearing this collar . everytime the woman pull her , she yelps in pain . no dog should wear this . if it is for training , there are other , more humane ways to train your dog . and if you are considering of buying this collar for training then you should change you mind about having a dog .
 My geriatric cats loved this and they needed the calories . The problem is I can no longer find it . I was forced to switch to another Royal Canin formula . Shame on Royal Canin , as they have pulled product before and they should know sudden food changes do not sit well with cats .
 I bought this product thinking it would help the dry condition my Shih Tzu has but it did n't help at all . I was very disappointed .
 Where do I begin with the rating the Fiesta diet ? For starters , it is junk food , feeding your rodents garbage may be healthier . Kaytee attempts to make their diet `` nutritionally complete '' by providing a pellet mixed in with all of the nuts . However , just like small children , most rodents eat the fattening nuts and corn -LRB- which holds little nutritional value -RRB- before eating the healthy pellet mixes.If you have rats , guinea pigs , or other small animals , feed them Oxbow . I have fed my rat girls Oxbow for ages and it is much better for them . If you insist on buying Kaytee brand food , buy their forti-diet pellets . At least that is n't as fattening , though it is still not the highest quality of ingredients . Rats also do well on Harlan Tekland , yet it is very pricey and difficult to find in stores.If people disagree with this harsh but true review , ask any local vet or true rat breeder . They will tell you that any of the Fiesta diets are terrible for any animal .
 The product is not really what i would have bought had i actually seen in . It functions but it is a cheap vynle material and looks kind of Trashy . Only thing good about it , is that you can rinse it off and it does not hold a smell . I bought another type that was fabric and has been a much better product . Althougth it has to be washed in a washing machine . Overall the fabric Pants are by far a better quality .
 We tried the `` Earthbath Puppy Shampoo '' on our little Jack Russell pup twice and did n't like it . The shampoo smells nice and suds up well , but it was very difficult to wash out , and Jacks have short hair ! I ca n't imagine what it would be like to have to wash the residue out of a longer hair dog.Pam T ~
 This was a good price , and I liked the idea of having a shampoo and conditioner in one , as I was hoping it would cut down on the amount of time spent having to bath my dog . She does n't really like being washed too much , so the quicker and less stressful I can make the experience for her , the better.Unfortunately , this product left my dog 's coat -LRB- she is a long haired breed -RRB- feeling rather dry . It also did not have a very strong or lasting scent - less than a day later and I could not smell the shampoo 's scent on her .
 First of all , I do n't want to be a hater . I 'm sure the stuff works for dogs . But , TEA TREE OIL IS TOXIC FOR CATS !!!!! If you use this on your cat , you are running the risk of KILLING HER .
 I wo n't use paraben products on myself ! My two doggies are my family I Will NOT use them on my pets either !
 I have sent this item as a gift for my parents . My mom just had a surgery done and I thought it would be nice if they can at least keep the dog little more clean without draining too much energy.It was nice that it got delievered right away , but I was told from my parents that the bottle got bloated and had spills all over . So the receipts , other manual/directions , or anything in papers are all soaked with the product and not legible anymore . I read good reviews about it and may be my expectations were high but minimal they can do is to deliever it clean and new . Especially , it was for a gift to close ones to show care I would have greatly appreciated it to be delievered in a new condition .
 Owner 's of pets , TEA TREE OIL IS HIGHLY TOXIC for cats and dogs . I can not believe they make a shampoo for animals that contains tea tree oil in it . When you 're finished using this shampoo , your pet will lick themselves , they will then ingest the chemicals in this product , including the tea tree oil . They will become sick and possibly die . See for yourself :[ ... -RSB-
 I bought the tea tree `` flavor '' for an itchy dog based on all the good reviews , but was n't impressed . After the bath , she still smelled like wet dog and later that day I noticed she had dandruff which she almost never gets , so it seems to have actually not cured her itching but given her dandruff . It also leaked all over the packaging which was a bit annoying .
 RIP poor Henrietta . If you are buying this for your dog , forget it . It is flimsy and lightweight . They even sent me a small one , not the large one advertised . It is chewed up , ca n't even send it back bad deal .
 I thought this would be the Henrietta that measures about 16 &#34; or so that I have bought in the past from Pet SuperMarket .
 I received a Henrietta in the mail today for my dog , and I gave her to him right away . She made a really cool noise and he loved her . By the time I finished opening the mail - 15 minutes tops - he had removed the squeaker , bitten off her beak and separated the legs from the body . I 'm embarrassed for having bought her ... What a waste of money !
 even though this made my ferret smell quite nice for about 24 hours , it made him unbearably itchy , even more than usual . he spent more time scratching than playing . it might work for your ferret , but i would say get something gentler just in case .
 The product is not really what i would have bought had i actually seen in . It functions but it is a cheap vynle material and looks kind of Trashy . Only thing good about it , is that you can rinse it off and it does not hold a smell . I bought another type that was fabric and has been a much better product . Althougth it has to be washed in a washing machine . Overall the fabric Pants are by far a better quality .
 Boxes came -LRB- order 2 -RRB- and they left them at the end of my driveway , understandably because of their weight . Set up was easy , if you know what you are doing but very time consuming . Very disappointed though in th chainlink fencing itself . Many of the top square pieces were MISSING and difficult then to use wrap-around wires to hold in place when there was nothing there . Very heavy I say to move , simple to put up or take down but quality fell short of my expetations . With being a wrap around , the animals have gotten lose several times . Able to stretch and you can not repair . Will never use this again & need 10 more . If need a kennel get one with solid panels that are strong & put together . Also was poor on keep critters out as well . Worse product I have ever bought on Amazon since Amazon began & I began purchasing from them !! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !! JUNK , WORTHLESS AND FALLS SHORT OF NEED FOR KENNEL USE !
 The frame went up fast and easy but is not real strong . The fabric came all tangled up , The chain link fabric was so cheap gauge the tangled mess could not be untangled , the end loops were hooked into each other , some of the wires were even unwound and the fence was different length in PLACES DUE TO THESE BEING UNWOUND . This item was returned for this reason of not being able to get the fabric untangled . Do not waste your time or money on this product . Go to a hard ware store and build you a good dog kennel fence .
 I purchased this item to fence in a six-month old puppy who weighs about forty pounds and is a calm-mannered sweetheart . I read reviews before purchasing , and while one stood out as alarming -LRB- the dog who was strangled in the gap at the door -RRB- the rest seemed fairly positive , and I knew I could adjust the height of the door to prevent it from being lifted up enough to squeeze a head into.I 've worked construction before , and was n't impressed with the quality of the chain link , which was already in a state of unraveling and had to be rewoven in places . I was even less confident in the metal ties provided to secure the chain link to the frame , and so after attaching them all at the recommended intervals -LRB- every five diamonds on the bottom -RRB- went through with security grade zip ties and secured in between all of those as well.Best estimates put it at fifteen minutes after I left , my dog escaped . The horrible quality chain link was a cinch for her to unravel and create a hole almost large enough to slip through unharmed . I say almost , even though she did slip through , because she sliced open a large gash about five millimeters from her eye . Fortunately , our backyard is fenced in , so she just hung out there all day until my wife got home , and is now recuperating with some neosporin.I want to send this back for a refund , but I 'll need to wait until this weekend to disassemble it completely , and then since it weighs 165 pounds and is a giant awkward mess , it 's going to be an enormous hassle to return . I 'm extremely disappointed in this product . The other option would be to line the entire inside with chicken wire and cinder blocks , which is going to add a considerable additional expense to this already overpriced piece of junk .
 The kennel is as pictured but the fencing is not of high quality and came all distorted . My dogs have been able to bend the fencing everytime they are locked up and get out . The poles bend easy . Not worth the money . . Very disappointed that I wasted my hard earned money for this product
 For over $ 250 , I think this pen would be of better quality . If you have a decent sized dog that wants to get out ... it will ! I do have a mastiff , and he has broken out several times . I had to reinforce the door with plywood , shift one of the hinges around singe could n't lift it off the hinges which creates stress on the bottom hinge so I have to adjust it constantly . I had to reinforce the bars that meet at the door with zip ties because any change in tension from a dog pushing in the cheap chain link causes the clamps to loosen and fall off . I have to go get more plywood to reinforce one of the sides by the door . I understand this is not one of the pricier kennels so I guess you get what you pay for , but it was n't cheap so I would have really hoped it had done a better job at keeping my dogs in
 I wanted to buy a dog run . I sincerely appreciate the reviews . Your reviews saved me my hard-earned money ! Thank you very much !
 I have two small Labradors , and in less than three hours they had torn a basketball-sized hole through the chainlink right in the middle of the kennel . The fence itself is cheap , flimsy and loosily woven ; it flexes way more than it should and I had my doubts about it being secure before I started construction . I repaired the hole in the chainlink by reweaving the wire and reinforcing it with the bendable metal fastners that come with the build but it was only another hour or so of them left alone before they had yet another hole torn . This isnt ' t from bending up from the bottom or pealing a piece back thats unsecure ; this is the middle of the fence and the metal is being unwoven and stretched . All in all , I 've mad four repairs , and there 's been 5 holes ann in different locations . The last one is the deal breaker , the kennel is ruined , and it never not even once provided more than a few hours of an enclosure for my dogs . I would not recommend this product to anyone ; it 's expensive , low quality and unreliable . Maybe if you have little toy dogs with half-a-brain that would n't dare to put force on the fence , then you * might * be alright so long as they never test their boundries , but Labradors want out and this will not keep them from achieving that . Do not buy this sorry excuse for a kennel .
 The product shipped has a U shaped bottom of the door , not squared off as in the pictures . It is a bit hard to see , but there is a crossbar directly below it . While this appears harmless , my dog was able to fit its head in there and choked to death . DO NOT BUY THIS KENNEL !
 I 've had to repair this kennel several times . The chain link is n't heavy gauge , and my 50 lb dog is able to pounce on it , create a hole , and exit her kennel .
 I work with dogs and have a kennel of my own . This pen wo n't last . Specially if you try to move it . I had dogs breaking away from it to the point that i had to throw it away .
 I purchased this kennel for my shelties . The pieces that joined it together were made of plastic and broke very quickly , I contacted the company and they told me they would send out new pieces to join the kennel together which they did , however they did charge me for them . The kennel is not sturdy , is flimsy made , the chain link is too flexible and bends so easy that even my small puppies could get out of it even though it was fastened all around . It collapsed at one point and several times my dogs were able to escape from this kennel , Do not buy this kennel as it is truly UNSAFE
 THIS PRODUCT CAME WITH VERY UNCLEAR INSTRUCTIONS !!! ALSO IT IS NOT DIY ... IT TOOK FOUR OF US TO ASSEMBLE IT AND THE PARTS DONT FIT WELL AT ALL !!! I ALSO DIDNT REALIZE THAT I WOULD HAVE TO ASSEMBLE THE MESSY TANGLED CHAINLINK MYSELF !!! NOT SURE IT WILL EVEN BE STURDY ENOUGH TO KEEP OUR LARGE DOG IN :-LRB- REALLY SUCKS !!!!
 My Yorkie , did n't really care for these treats . I think they smell and remind her of her dog food.But on the good side the bag does have plenty small treats , good for training . not too big .
 I have a tiny dog and I was excited to find small dog treats that I do n't need to break into smaller pieces . Unfortunately , my dog does n't like these . I wish they came in bacon flavor !
 They are tiny and grea for training , but not what I expected . Not flavorful smelling or berries at all . Was looking for a vegetable or fruit option for my dog and this has chicken .
 The first think I noticed -LRB- besides that the bag is smaller than I 'd imagined -RRB- was that my bag of treats had a lot of `` powder '' from crushed treats in it . I opened the bag and offered the tiny brown lumps to my toy poodles . One of them reluctantly ate it and the other refused . I do like that these are tiny since I wanted to use them for training and do n't want to overfeed my dogs , but in order for training treats to be effective , the dogs have to LOVE them . These are not going to motivate my dogs to do anything . I have the toy that they go with , but I do n't think they will even care enough about these treats to work at getting them out of the toy . I 'll be going back to Zukes and cut them in half .
 I wanted so much for my dog to like these treats . She turned her nose immediately . It looked like years old brown dried dog food all crumbled up opposed to the nice vibrant mixed colors one you see in the picture . The only thing positive is the size of the treats that can go in the Twist toy .
 My dog was not interested in these treats , and we even bought the toy that you are supposed to stuff them in . I am not sure why he did not like them , but I have a whole bag that he turns his nose up to each time I offer them .
 This is a great idea for a treat given with the bone but the issue is they come out too quickly and now this is the third time my dog has swallowed the treat and choked They tend to be too hard and unfortunately my dog tries to eat them too fast . Other products seem to be safer so we will toss these away for something my dog will not choke on !
 I did not get the product that I order on two separate occasions . I sent the product back the second time with a letter explaining the problem and I have no response .
 The product does come in a great resealable bag but and this is a big but the dye in the treats will have an effect on the dog . After just a couple my dog had bright green poo .
 These are ok treats . My dogs ate them but did n't seem thrilled because they were more like little pieces of dry dog food . Probably wo n't purchase again .
 I am sorry to say that the dog treats I received were already spoiled , when I opened the package . I just threw them out . Too mad to complain .
 I purchased this item and used it as directed in my lawn . My 2 dogs , did not care at all about it , they still pee and poop in the lawn without caring about this product . What a waste of money $ 10 for nothing , pretty expensive in the first place .
 ... until my dog dug into the thick layer of Repel II I 'd just laid down over a loose dirt patch . Maybe it stopped her from digging it completely out , but I was still left with a new 6-8 '' hole . She does n't like the smell when I put the box under her nose , but it 's not enough to stop her from digging - and no , this is n't `` frustration '' digging on her behalf .
 This product is a scam . I applied the product exactly they way it instructed me to , and even exaggerated in the quantity . The following two days , dogs were doing their thing as usual .
 I wish I 'd known that this was an unnaturally scented product . The general consistency of the shampoo and the combined oatmeal and baking soda are fabulous . Why in the world does it have to be `` tropical scent '' ? And why oh why was n't I warned about this in the product description ?
 I bought this product because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Amazon . -LRB- Now I wonder whether those reviews were even real . -RRB- Long story short , it gave my dog hives and pustules all over her body , resulting in a $ 140 + vet bill .
 These covers would not snap onto any cans I tried . I use standard Hills canned dog food -LRB- 13 oz -RRB- . They `` look '' like they should fit but to not . They simply will not snap on to create a seal . If you tilt the can , they fall off . I tried an assortment of other cans with no success .
 Perhaps this would be a satisfactory complement to the arsenal of the novice aquarist who desires a simple solution to a potentially complex problem and who has no other pets and no children or grandchildren . For the rest of us , who arm ourselves and defend our family members -- finned , furred , or bipedal -- with knowledge , this product is unsatisfactory because the chemical composition of the contents of the bottle is not printed on the bottle 's label . Assume that the box and its enclosed insert were dropped into the aquarium -LRB- by the small child who was to learn compassionate responsibility by caring for the fish -RRB- and were thereby rendered useless years ago . What should be done if -- God forbid -- the nurse on the other end of the phone line asks what chemical was ingested ? The space that was taken up by instructions -LRB- in three languages -RRB- to read the insert that is no longer readable could -- and should -- have been used instead to identify the composition of the chemical in the bottle .
 we have used Advantage for over ten years . In Jax , FL it no longer works . days after treatment we see fleas on our dogs and cats and flea eggs in house . This has been happening consistently for the past year . I would not recommend advantage , use Frontline for dogs or frontline for cats instead . Advantage is a waste of time and money if you live in Jax , FL where the fleas are resistant and immune to its effects .
 I was looking for an alternative to Cosequin chews since they are quite expensive so I decided to give these a try . I ca n't even tell you if they work since my dogs would n't even eat these ! Also , they chews have less glucosamine and chondroitin per serving than Cosequin , something I did n't know until after I received them . My dogs like the Cosequin chews and they are also quite effective , so I am going back to those .
 This product almost killed my cat ! He has renal disease and also came down with allergy and cold symptoms.I took him to the vet and they drew blood and found that his renal values were different from the previous visit.Primarily from not eating because he could n't smell anything , so he was anemic from lack of nutrients.He did have a bacterial infection from his nasal mucosum and was given an antibiotic shot and the vet recommendedEpakitin for his kidneys.I started him on the Epakitin as directed and the poor kitty could n't keep his face out of the water dish . He laid byit and was afraid to move away from it because he knew that he would have to go right back to the water dish.He ended up with a plural effusion and had to have a thoracentisis -LRB- chest puncture to remove the excess fluids -RRB- . He was given another round of antibiotics and I immediately stopped the Epakitin.He finally got better and was back to normal.I tried once again to give him a half of the dose of Epakitin and the same thing started happening again , drinkingcopious amounts of water and then he even started vomiting.DON ' T LET THEM FOOL YOU ! THIS PRODUCT HAS SIDE EFFECTS!If your cat is eating normally and not vomiting . I would n't change a thing and let nature take it 's course.It 's about quality of life style , not prolonging the inevitable when it comes to chronic renal failure .
 I had to cut this collar off of my puppy this afternoon . He got the center part of the collar with the ring in his mouth and as he struggled to get it out of his mouth , he choked himself making the collar so tight that I could n't even take it off . There 's no quick release and he was screaming and crying as it was strangling him . We had to hold him still so that I could cut the collar off . VERY SCARY ! The collar is a gentle choke collar and a good concept , but without the quick release it is none other than hazardous .
 This is a great collar and a useful tool for teaching a dog to walk on a leash . However , please DO NOT leave this on your dog in the house or playing . Our dog died last week because she asphyxiated . My two dogs were playing and it got wrapped around one dog 's lower jaw and we could not get it off in time . I want to save others from this tragedy .
 The collar was used once . My dog slipped out of it on first outing . I ordered based on the posted measurement , but it was apparently too big . We went back to a harness .
 We rescued a wild , extremely curious , and hyper pitbull puppy . Walking her has done a number on my husband and I 's shoulders . We were using a choke chain to walk her -LRB- she outgrew it -RRB- , which was also trying , but it held her back better than this collar . She is a serious puller , so this collar is pretty ineffective for our situation . We are constantly adjusting it further up on her neck , but with her pulling , it always manages to move back to the furthest part of her neck . We 'll give a pinch collar a try next ...
 I have two Lab puppies -LRB- 11 months -RRB- that were wearing this collar . Last night we almost lost one of the puppies . They were playing and one of the collars got wrapped around one of the puppies lower jaw . The collar on the other dog tightened around her neck , strangling her . I barely got the collar cut off in time and had to rush the one puppy to the animal ER . The vet at the hospital said that this was not the first time she had treated a dog that this happened to . Please , if you own more than one dog , DO NOT USE this type of collar for everyday use .
 Ordered for small -LRB- 13 lb . -RRB- dog for obedience class . Considering the size required for her small neck , the webbing is just too thick . It should be about 3/8 '' or narrower . I also had to take the collar apart and re-sew it in order to get it small enough . Adjusting the collar for tight , high on neck use and then trying to loosen it to remove it is unhandy . Would do better with a snap closure .
 Our rabbit died a few days after giving this to him . Not sure if the food caused it . We just found him dead one afternoon . I have always fed Houdini fresh vegestables and kaytee timothy hay before giving him this product .
 All edible Kaytee products contain Ethoxyquin . Ethoxyquin is a preservative and pesticide that over time can damage your pet 's liver . Since guinea pigs live on average 7 years , would n't it be better to feed a better pellet ? Unfortunately those better pellets are not available in your local Pet Stupids since they refuse to carry them and give themselves and Kaytee competition , but they are available by mail order , and one is available at veterinarian 's offices . I buy 10 lb . bags for about $ 17 and that includes shipping . My guinea pig prefers this pellet too - Sweet Meadow Farms.For those of you still sitting in the dark pondering about Ethoxyquin - from Wikipedia : `` Ethoxyquin is a quinoline-based antioxidant used as a food preservative and a pesticide -LRB- under commercial names such as `` Stop-Scald '' -RRB- . It is commonly used as a preservative in pet foods to prevent the rancidification of fats . There has been some speculation that ethoxyquin in pet foods might be responsible for certain health problems . To date , the US FDA has only found a verifiable connection between ethoxyquin and buildup of protoporphyrin IX in the liver , as well as elevations in liver-related enzymes in some animals . It has been shown to cause mortality in fish.It is also commonly used in spices to prevent color loss due to oxidation of the natural carotenoid pigments . `` But in this throw away society , who really cares about poisoning a guinea pig . After all , he 's probably kept in a teeny cage too .
 You know , this contains a poisin that could kill your poor guinea pig . It is ethoxyquin . Use oxbow cavy cuisene , my piggy loves it . I made the mistake of getting this kaytee food when i bought my guinea pig -LRB- the store cleark tricked my mom into buying it -RRB- Also , they tricked us into buying a miniature cage witch is too little .
 My cats did n't like the taste and refused to eat it . I even tried putting it in a gel cap but it did n't seem to help my IBD cat with her soft stool .
 I bought this dog food because the bag showed pictured of veggies and chunks of meat , and with a name like `` Beneful '' I thought I was purchasing a nutritious brand of dog food . My dogs did eat this food , but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs . The first three ingredients are Ground yellow corn , chicken by-product meal , and corn gluten meal . How disgusting is that ?! The main ingredient is a corn filler . One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot
 Item is too small to write any info in . Not worth the price . Also , seller was a rip off .
 I purchased this about a month ago at Target . Although it appeared somewhat flimsy as I put it together , I was so thrilled with it at first . The price was very reasonable , it was very easy to put together , and most important of all , my cats -LRB- especially my 8-mo old kitten -RRB- just love it . My kitten is on it every day sometimes for hours at a time.I 've been a bit concerned that it has toppled over a few times since we got it but I was even more dismayed to discover yesterday that the top of the tunnel has ripped . The tunnel is made out of very thin material like that of a windbreaker or duffel bag . Today I discovered that one of the angled arms has also broken . I realize that the price was reasonable but it becomes very expensive when it breaks in about a month.I 'm so disappointed because the cats really love this and now I have to return it and find something else for them . The only reason I give it 2 stars is because the cats love it so much .
 Cheap construction . After two -LRB- 2 -RRB- days this product was coming apart atthe seams . Our 10lb . feline could not stay on the top without fallingthru . The whole top started coming apart . Needless to say this has nowbeen send to the junk yard . American products have better standards thatmust be passed before they can be sold here . -LRB- But not foreign garbage -RRB- They can sell us anything .
 I 'm not sure if this is allowed , as I 'm not strictly reviewing this item . But having read all the reviews , and as a cat lover , I felt I needed to say that contrary to what some of the other reviewers are saying , some of what one reviewer referred to as the `` carpet covered '' cat furniture can be found more reasonably , and believe me , are stable , do n't need to be constantly reassembled , and give the cats hours of the fun of climbling , hiding , jumping , being up high , all those things they love instinctively . One maker , who I have absolutely no connection with , except that I own one of their `` cat condo 's '' , www.armarkat.com , has all sorts of sizes for the best prices I saw anywhere . We 're very very pleased with ours , & as I 've said elsewhere , I would certainly have saved up & not bought any of the little cat toys or items that are n't really required , and saved up for one of these , it is the single most used and enjoyed thing by the cats . It sits by a window so they can also look out and see the yard , birds , and whatever else is going on -- they clearly love it . So , my advice would be to hold out for one of their `` cat condos '' rather than an item you have to keep fixing and that is n't , according to the reviews here , up to the standards you want for your cats . ccccatgj
 My cat hates it , , i think he is scare of it , , the first time he saw it he was curious like any cat would be but once it was built all he did was go in , smelled it and left . HE NEVER PLAYED IN IT AT ALL , i hated all those people that said to me that thing was fun for all cats.Its a lie , , that thing was out in the middle of the room for weeks and he never showed interest in it.He likes other toys like feather teasers and chew on toys , maybe thats why.The thing is so light that when i tried putting him on top of it , it seemed that thing was going to break , , it was sinking in because of the weight of my cat.My cat got scared probably thinking it was n't going to hold him and the minute i let go of him he took off running to hide.HORRIBLE.WASTE OF MONEY .
 My two cats enjoy the gym somewhat . One particularly enjoys playing with the dangling mice , and the other will rest at times on one of the three levels . On that basis , I would rate it as a three star for the price.I do rate it a star lower for a couple of reasons .1 -RRB- The picture does not emulate the actuality of the model . The picture is multi-colored and bright . The actual gym is a dark , drab blue-green and the mice are grey . A bit of false advertisement should never be rewarded .2 -RRB- One part inaccurately packed and shipped . There are 4 `` legs '' that form the sides of the rounded portion of the gym . Two female parts and two male parts that link together are essential . Mine shipped with 3 male parts and only 1 female , causing me to be unable to construct the rounded portion of the gym .
 Although my cats love this , it 's not well made . Two support bars broke within two weeks . Replacement bars -LRB- 2 -RRB- come in a kit with other things I do n't want . The kit is cheap -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- , but you can only buy it online , and with shipping it 's about $ 11 to replace two support bars . My cat weighs 11 pounds , so he 's not huge . Bottom line , it 's a nice idea but too flimsy to hold up to normal use .
 This is my second `` condo '' from this company . This one was ripped - the fabric is not sturdy for any cat of normal size . May support a kitten . Cute idea but not sturdy . Returning it to vendor .
 Bought this to keep my Sulcata tortoises outdoor enclosure warm through winter . Installed it but woke up and saw that the temperature was at 40F ! Took a look and saw the that the ceramic bulb was hanging by a wire from the base . I ripped the other wire off and took the base out with some pliers . I found another lightbulb base and soldered one wire through the top and the other on the outside and around the edge of the base making sure that the two wires could n't touch . Once that was done I used JBweld , a two part epoxy , to glue both pieces together . Other than that it was cheap and works well .
 I purchased the heat emitter in November 2012 and immediately put it to use . At first it worked great , but that was short lived . After occasional use for 30 days it suddenly stopped working . After taking a closer look , the ceramic emitter had separated from the metal bulb base . I contacted the seller and asked if they could either replace or refund it , since I did not have it for very long and you would think a $ 30 lamp would last longer than 30 days . I was wrong . Instead of trying to assist a customer , they told me that it was not their problem and that I needed to contact the manufacturer . Hopefully the manufacturer will have better customer service that this seller . After looking at reviews , I am not the first person that has had this issue with the product . I strongly recommend purchasing it from someone else .
 4 out of 4 of the Clean Cage spray bottles failed on the first try!The manufacturers of Clean Cage must have saved a few pennies on production of the spray bottle mechanism . As soon as you squeeze the trigger all the way in , it stays in . Then it does not spray any more.I went to the hardware store and bought a generic plant misting bottle . The Clean Cage fluid sprays perfectly from the hardware store bottle.Do Not Buy This Product!I bought some Healthy Habitat , which is a similar product but in a higher quality bottle that sprays well . Plus I can buy gallon refills of Healthy Habitat . So screw you , Clean Cage !
 I have been searching for a solution that I can use with small pets but this is n't it . It has a very strong , sweet smell , sort of like a room deodorizer . I had to turn on the fan to get the strong smell to dissipate .
 it smells nice , but I have to use sooooo much to get my cages clean . there are so many better cage cleaners out there that work so much better and are less expensive , with so many cages to clean I used to go through 4 a month of these . with other cage cleaners I can get a month or 2 out of ONE bottle . Even ones that have half the amount then this one .
 Why would a pet food that calls itself `` organics '' have NON organic `` chicken meal '' as the 2nd ingredient ? I 'm disappointed by this and most of the organic pet foods that include non-organic chicken meal , like this one , Newman 's Own , and the `` Organix '' brand , or the other one that seems to be rarely organic is the chicken fat.So far the only really organic dry cat food I 've found -LRB- all the main ingredients are organic -RRB- is PetGuard , and wow is it expensive . Best price I could find it was about 1/3 more than Nature Organics.I hope Nature Organics will revise this product to only include organic chicken products .
 I bought these for our dogs because the package says they are natural and healthful . The package does NOT mention that they can kill dogs by causing intestinal blockage , vomiting , and horrible diarrhea . Maybe if you supervise your dog while it eats a Nubz and make sure that your dog chews it THOROUGHLY , you might not have a problem . I bought these treats two days ago and ALL FOUR OF OUR DOGS ARE VOMITING AND/OR HAVE TERRIBLE DIARRHEA ! If you buy this product , you should monitor your dogs closely . We have taken one of our dogs to the 24-hour Emergency Clinic and the others are on a bland diet to help their symptoms .
 This product eventually turns brown . That 's all it seems to do . Maybe it removes phosphate , but I have no tool to measure if it does or not . As for helping control of get rid of algae -LRB- presumably through lowering phosphate levels -RRB- ... NOPE ! Made no impact on my tanks what-so-ever .
 I trusted seachem brand but this stuff didnt do anything at all ! Im using this product for 4 days now and My green/hair algae still growing ! I have ro/di water filtration , chaeto on my sump , reef octopus skimmer , 2 reactors npx biopellets and brs gfo , 48 '' marineland led light and my light is on from 11am to 7pm ! I even bought seachem prime and 2 100ml seachem purigen ! Save your money on this one !
 I purchased this product when I saw how high the reviews were here and was not impressed . I tried to clean potty training accidents with this , and it left both the pee smell and a ring from where the product dried . I wo n't be getting this again .
 Ok , so I bought this at my local commissary because we recently got a puppy and part of this products marketing was a `` Most 5 star ratings from amazon users '' . It did take away the odor or puppy accidents but it did n't remove the stains whatsoever ... i mean ... seriously did n't budge at all . And they were new stains ... it 's not like they had been setting for a week or something . Just really dissappointed .
 I was disappointed with Kids 'N' Pets Stain & Odor remover . This product did not remove the stains . Used it as directed on stains and did not see any difference . These were pet stains just occurring within the day and pet stains that had happened days before . My dog was diagnosed with a urine bacteria soon after the attempt to remove these stains but the product should have performed better based on the description . Will go back to my earlier product .
 Bought this because the reviews said it would work , did not . Bought two bottles to use on sofa where dog had left her mark and soaked the area as suggested on the bottle , waited for it to dry and ended up with a residual smell and tide mark , did not remove pee smell . Save your money .
 I purchased this product after our dog had a urine accident on our new carpet . I trusted the labels that said that it was safe to use on carpet . Well after that one use , my new green carpet has a nice pink spot right in the middle of the room . I have had a disaster clean up company look at it and they have said that there is nothing that I can do . I will probably have to replace that area of carpet . I really wish I could go back and not buy this cleaner - using water on the urine spot would have been better and much less expensive !!! I would n't even give it one star .
 I used this product after my little dog decided to use my bedroom as her toilet . It was a major waste of money . NOTHING changed . The room still smell of dog urine . Save your money
 My dog has been sick this week and I ran out of Spot Shot , which works very well when the directions are followed . On my trip to the store , I noticed the bottle of Kids n ' Pets sitting on the shelf touting its 5 star reviews here on Amazon , so I decided to forego the Spot Shot , check out the reviews and ultimately give Kids n ' Pets a shot.I ca n't say I 've had the experience that other users are having . While my dog 's vomit accidents certainly smell better -LRB- a fruity juicebox sort of smell -RRB- , the stains remain after repeat applications . I 've followed the directions , saturated the stain -LRB- after cleaning up loose material on top of the carpet or upholstery -RRB- , let it sit for ten to twenty minutes or so , and then blot up the treated area with a clean towel . I 've tried reapplying and letting the product sit for longer , but it tends to just spread the stain and further soak it into the carpet . I ca n't recommend this product for stain removal . Results were even worse when trying to remove an accident from one of my couch cushions.I 'll second the report that it is very easy to use a lot of this product because of the design of the bottle and need for saturation and reapplication . I 've treated 3 accidents and I 've used over half a bottle.It seems most people are using this product for urine and smells and they 've had success in this regard . I ca n't see how this product could possibly work for the many other types of accidents the bottle claims this product is used for after my experiences.I 'm also surprised that this product does n't ruin the pad of carpet given the amount of saturation recommended on the bottle and the amount of repeat application I 've had to apply to get any sort of stain removal . But hey , at least things are smelling better . I 'll be going back to remove the stains with a bottle of Spot Shot .
 Unfortunately , Kids 'n Pets did not work for us . Our old dog had a major accident , and I really needed an effective product for the cleanup . I followed cleaning instructions on the Kids 'n Pets bottle , making sure to first remove as much as possible of the fecal matter and fluid before applying Kids 'n Pets . I applied plenty of product , and gave it enough time to react , but the result was still very unsatisfactory . To make things worse , the smell that developed after applying the liquid was really obnoxious ... Since a second application half a day apart did not yield better results , I had no other option than go to the store and buy a cleaner from a well-known detergent brand . The replacement did not entirely solve the stain and smell problem , but was step in the right direction . Sorry , Kids 'n Pets did not achieve the promised results , not with the stains , nor with the smell ...
 We have a urine odor spot from dog sitting and recently adopted another dog who has been marking the same spot , so I tried this product since it said it was `` guaranteed to eliminate urine odors forever '' . I used two 32 oz bottles on the one spot to ensure that I fully saturated it all the way through . The next day it wrecked of rubbing alcohol odor , but that went away and by the time it dried the only odor left was the same just as strong urine odor . It did not work at all . I know I saturated it thoroughly , and it still did n't get rid of it . I am emailing them to ask for my money back and trying Urine off since my mother in law has said that it worked for her in the past .
 I received the tank topper very fast and was pleased with how quickly it was shipped . However , the assembly was difficult , due to misaligned cage sides . The hooks did n't match up to the eyelets and I ended up bending the hooks down and out with pliers , which caused some of the plastic coating to come off . The instructions say you might have to tweek the hooks a bit but I 'm sure not that much.It still was n't secure since the cage sides did not match properly so I ended up securing the sides with twist ties . You ca n't tell I had trouble and the gerbils like it but the item was not perfect . If I 'd bought it at Petco I could have returned it to the store easily -- and would have . For as costly as it was I expected a quality piece.The product is a great idea and gives the animals lots of extra room !
 Poorly built , needed to bend corners to get gaps to be even top to bottom . 2 bars were too long -LRB- flexed up/down - in/out -RRB- , after all `` repairs '' the mouse was GONE the next morning !!! The bar spacing is uneven and varys all over , not huge amounts but enough for a mouse . The mouse found a spot to fit his head through and Bye-bye .
 I bought this for my son 's pet rat . I was thrilled with it to begin with , it 's a great idea , just bad materials.To make a long story short , a month after having her in this we noticed she was weak and had stopped eating . We looked at the backside of the `` house '' and she had eaten a large amount of it . Upon googling rats eating plastic we learned this is common and causes obstructions , resulting in death . My 10 yr old and I watched his pet CeCe suffer to death , which took 2 days.Plastic has no business being in small animal cages imo .
 We ordered this tank topper to go over a 10 gallon tank for 2 gerbils . From the moment of opening the box , we could tell it was going to be cheap . Fairly easy to put together , but pieces do n't hinge nicely , leaving large gaps . Bars are easily bendable , also creating potential gap for escape . The shelves are quite sturdy , though chewers will have the ramps and food dish in pieces quickly . Even the house was chewed up within a couple of weeks . For the money , I would not get this one again , though we are tolerating it and making it work as we do n't have escape artists -- yet .
 I can not review this product for non-mammalian pets , but it is generally considered unsafe to house your rat in a glass tank , period . Even with the addition of the open , wire topper , the ammonia from urine still builds up too much , leading to respiratory irritation in species already probe to respiratory infections . Just ditch the tank and get a cage with 1/2 &#34; bar spacing .
 The bar spacing and corner spaces are too big for mice or small rodents!Our 3 mice escaped in a matter of hours!The description of this product needs changed as it says OK for mice !
 the tank topper was horrible . it was a pain to get set up and the label tricked me . Do n't be fooled by the box . it does n't come with the tank or the hamster stuff in the inside . It is just metal wires in a shape of a box .
 I am a small exotics breeder and bought three of these toppers for my three Short Tailed Opossum adults , one male and two females . One of the females is due for a litter any day so I only used two of the toppers on the other two tanks . It has been three days , and my female died this morning , and the male is on his way out . I put the toppers on the tanks on Sunday . Monday , they both were n't acting right . Nocturnal animals , both out wondering around the cage during the day . I thought maybe they were excited with the new topper and were exploring , thinking nothing of it . Yesterday , the females was looking lethargic and weak , called my vet , and was told to give her pedialite and fruit baby food . She lapped it up , but did n't have the energy to leave the food dish when she was done . She was dead this morning . Also this morning , my male looked the same as the female , called my vet , was given a steroid and antibiotics , as well as calcium , to mix in with pedialite and baby food . He did n't want it , so we had to force feed him some . My vet said it is likely a toxin in the materials used to make the topper . This is the assumption since the other two cages -LRB- pregnant female and tank with two ten week old babies -RRB- had exactly the same set up , food , water , temperature , ect , and the only difference was the two toppers on the tanks with the ill opossums -LRB- well , one is still ill , the other no longer with us -RRB- . Aside from losing two lives of my beloved animals , I am also losing income that I depend on . I have emailed the manufacture of the product , and just finished speaking with Amazon . Luckily , I am receiving a refund for the two that are used , and able to return with refund the unused one . I did express that I do not want this one to be resold , but they insisted I had to send it in . I hope no one else has experienced this issue .
