 This has been my cat 's favorite toy for over a year now . He destroys them in about three days though so that there is only one piece of cardboard left on it . Do n't get the cat dancer with the wall mount because it will get destroyed too and the wall mount will not work within a day or two . It works perfectly with the one piece of cardboard on it though , so I have stopped buying him new ones and the one piece on cardboard stays on forever . The toy is really attractive to cats though because it flutters like a humming bird or bug would . Its really cool because you can fling it up in the air and the cat will jump very high for it which is adorable . You can also spin it in cricles -LRB- touching the ground -RRB- and the cat will run in circles like he is chasing his tail . This of course makes him very tired . =] The cat dancer is actually the ONLY toy my cat really likes . He rarely plays with his other toys and always prefers this one ! This is probably the best couple bucks you can spend on your cat !
 Have had this for years , and unlike other toys out kitty gets tired of , he still bats at this one like its irresistable to him .
 The younger cat loves it . It 's a nice toy for a reasonable price . We even found a way to stick it up so we do n't need to hold it and he can chase it himself .
 I originally bought this as a simple inexpensive toy for my Cat because I needed to pad my Amazon order to $ 25 so Amazon would ship it 's add-on items . I thought it 'd be one of those toys my cat would pick up , have a little bit of fun with , and then hide under the bed . I did n't realize that my cat would love this piece of cardboard on a wire so much . He wo n't take his eyes off of it when it 's out , and chases after it constantly . It 's seriously the best toy I 've ever gotten for my cat . For serious .
 One of my cats insists we play with it before she will eat her breakfast . She is 13 years old and has n't played this much all year !
 This toy far outlasts the typical toy boredom that plagues cats and humans . Its design is simple , it 's made of wire and cardboard , but the bizarre movements you can make with it are so wonky , that the cat never knows what to expect , and half the time neither do you . That being said , be careful you do n't whack your kitty in the face . If you are looking to purchase an interactive cat toy , you 've found it .
 I was n't sure about buying this product , but luckily I did ; my cat loves it !!! I bought a couple other more expensive toys , but my cat loves this toy . It is just a wire with card board pieces ; you would n't think it could entertain a cat for hours , but it does . The wire floats and moves quickly , so it catches my cat 's attention and he loves to attack it . If you have a cat that loves the box the toys comes in instead of the toy , this toy is for you .
 These are the go to toys for the kittens , even my 16 year old still plays with this . They 'll do flips and hide and stalk it . I have finally put it up so they can play even when I am not holding it . More expensive toys are played with and discarded . This never gets old .
 i love it . thanks so much . wonderful . thanks . thanks . thanks . thanks . keep it coming . love it for sure . thanks . thanks
 I bought this item strictly based off of the reviews . An added bonus was that they were inexpensive . I have three cats who absolutely love this toy ! It 's so simple yet just as fun , for them , as their laser pointer .
 for whatever unknown reason , the cats really love this toy . Even my cats ; one is too old to play , one is too lazy and does n't really know how and one is just a hidey cat -LRB- the one who loves to play -RRB- ; they all play with this toy as soon as I bring it out . It 's great . I do wish it had a longer handle so I could use it more with the hidey cat but I 'm sure I can improvise something .
 I have 5 cats from 1.5 to 9 years old . All of them love to play with this toy.It is a great & simple cat toy , my cats love it !!!
 My cat and my sister 's cat FREAK OUT in over-happiness over this thing each time we take it out from hiding . One moment my cat seems lethargic and the next his eyes are popping out and he is jumping into the air to get the bit of cardboard attached to the end of the wire . That is all this item is , but it is worth the low price to buy a couple to have on hand .
 My cats absolutely love this toy ! They just can not get enough of it ! I keep it folded up in one of my bookcases and they sit at the base of it and cry at me begging for me to get the toy down so they can play . It 's great for wearing down kittens so they 'll go to sleep at night . I turn on a one hour show and watch tv while I bounce it all over the living room while they chase it . When my program is done = I have worn out kitties ! Best toy ever !!!
 Cats love this clever little toy , and you ca n't beat the price ! Because there is n't a decent handle , though , it 's almost impossible to play for a long time without your fingers getting sore . Maybe wearing gloves would help ?
 This toy is the best cat toy ever , out of 5 cats ALL love it . I 've had cats and cat toys for over 20 years and this is by far the best toy . It 's simply a wire with some cardboard but the movement is very erratic like real prey and the cats go nuts for it . I just ordered 3 more as they do n't last long . I wish my petsmart store sold these . My cats love them .
 The best thing about this is that the cat can play with it by herself . We bought this for our kitten , and she absolutely loved it . You can use it with your hand , or you can attach it to something stationary like a door knob . We attached it to a table in a room and she would get a running start and leap for it several times a day . It was great way for her to expend energy , which is essential for nutzo kittens . It 's something about the springy action of the wire they really like .
 A wire with some paper . My cats must have 50 toys or more around the house . All they want is this one . I do n't even have to move my hand and this thing jiggles and bounces and twirls and the cats go crazy for it . I have to hide it in the drawer so we all get a break . Even if you think your cat hates toys or would never look at it , BUY IT . Our four cats range from 8 months to 12 years old and they all love it even though two of them are not intrigued by toys . Whoever thought this one up is a genius . Every cat owner should have one .
 After reading all the positive reviews on Amazon , I purchased two
 This product is just a few little cardboard rolled up tubes held together by a wired that 's about two and half feet long . It is the best Entertainment tool I have never seen . I do n't know why it works or how it works , but it is very cheap and the cats go nuts .
 Looks too simple to be true right ? But trust me ... My cat is a simple girl . She asks for so little . And this is her only love . When we brought her home and stopped at the &#34; MegaPet &#34; the nice lady told us that of all the toys , this is the one that cats go nuts for . She was so right . My cat does n't do cat nip , she is not a floofy toy girl , she does not even eat treats ... she likes this and only this . Ok ok , she will chase an occasional laser pointer but who wo n't ? Perfect stocking stuffer and cheap entertainment for you AND your cat : - -RRB-
 Many others have said it , but this toy is brilliantly simple . It mimics the movement and random path of a fly and my cat just loves it . And `` cat dancer '' is an absolutely appropriate name because she jumps high up in the air to get it.I 've found that I can also put one end in a drawer and let her entertain herself !
 I got this toy for my 10 year old cat . She stands and stares at lasers , wo n't chase anything , in fact before this toy she did n't behave in a catlike way at all . We decided to get this and see , she flipped ! I am cautious to put the toy away when `` we '' are n't playing because of the wire , but if she hears me fooling with it she comes from other rooms ! Now i have a cat who runs and jumps , batting the toy , in fact she has a blast with it ! I will definitely buy this toy for years to come .
 This toy might possibly be the best cat toy out there for under $ 2.50 . Its genius , simple design consists of a bouncy wire with four rolls of cardboard attached to the end . You can stand there , give it a bounce , and it will do the rest for you . The best part is that you can tie it to various things around the house and leave it hanging . I 've wrapped it around our cat tree , the treadmill , and a doorknob , and they just keep playing with it . Even my old fat cat will give it a few bats .
 Length :
 I was in search of a -LCB- cheap -RCB- toy that would allow our busy -LRB- but bored and problematic ! -RRB- 5 month old kitten to get some exercise and stimulation . I FOUND IT ! This incredibly simple cat toy was a hit the second I took it out of the packaging . After playing w / her for 10-15min , she 's literally panting . I 've never seen a cat so worked up before ! She LOVES it ! : -RRB-
 The Cat Dancer is , without a doubt the best cat toy I have ever used . The cats love it and one of them even drags it around the house attempting to convince someone to play with him . I have not yet , met a cat that did not like it .
 Doing a review of my previous review ... I did n't give it enought time . This toy is amazing ! Tie ona jingle bell and it is so cute to watch ! Young kitten loves it ... older one does too since he is n't being pestered !
 This is our most requested cat toy here at home . We have to hide it so he wo n't tear apart the cardboard , but when he 's ready to play , he runs over to the drawer where it 's stored . Great toy for the price , he is absolutely mesmerized by this thing . Who would have thought !
 My cat has two toys that she loves . A shoestring and this cat dancer . As simple as it is -LRB- almost silly really -RRB- we use it to play with her and she is also able to carry/move it around and entertain herself with it . The wire is stiff enough to give it a life of its own and that is the attraction . Nuff said .
 Who would believe such a tiny piece or cardboard and wire would be my cat 's favorite chase toy ? It is as enticing as stalking a fly - subtle , but irresistible . I have to hide it when we are finished playing .
 Both our cats love this thing and act like kittens again when we pull it out ! Buy it for sure , worth every penny .
 Simple toy , amazing effect on cats . My only concern was the wire . It 's a good idea to put it away when not in use .
 My cat LOVES this thing - at first she was a little afraid of it but after some coaxing into play sessions she now ca n't get enough . It 's holding up well to - she bites the end and traps it with her paws but it has n't started to fall apart despite multiple daily play times .
 Took it out of the bag , dangled it in front of our 4 months old kitty , and that was it . This is an amazing , simple yet most effective cat toy we have ever seen . You as a human do n't have to do a thing -- just sit on the couch , watch TV , and hold it . Your cat will do the rest . He must have played with it for 10 minutes straight -- swatting , jumping , stalking , attacking , chewing , grabbing , ... -- until he finally got too tired to move . We have bought bunch of toys for him and this is by far the best of them all
 I bought one of these for each of my friends that have cats , and all of the cats love them . It 's simple , inexpensive , and made in the US.One of my cats would even beg to play with it , whenever my husband walked near where we kept the toy.The toy is basically a few pieces of rolled up paper bag on a wire , but when you use it , it bounces around , almost like a bug , and the cats ' instincts go crazy . The jumps and flips you can get the younger cats to do are amazing . The older cats will still bat at it and chase it . This thing is great for exercising your cat , and to keep them from getting bored . We also use it to wear them out when they get rambunctious and start picking on one another .
 A friend of mine told me she was sending me a toy for our newly adopted kittens . When I received it , I saw it was the Cat Dancer , which I 'd heard of , but did n't previously own for our old cat -LRB- she was older when I first met her , and not much interested in dangly things -RRB- . I was surprised at how simple this toy was , it seemed like something I could devise on my own , had I thought of it!I was skeptical of it 's appeal -LRB- my human reaction -RRB- , but from the moment I opened the package , my kittens were on it like a hobo on a ham sandwich ! Max played with this thing until he could barely raise his paw , he tired himself -LRB- and me -RRB- out after 40 minutes of play . Yeah , 40 minutes . I 'm just a sucker for my new kittens ! Maggie had already tired herself out about 20 minutes before , so she was already napping.This toy is excellent for a pre-bedtime play session - my kittens literally do backflips leaping for this thing , it 's amazing , and they seem to be ready for a nap after a good long session of acrobatics . My friend told me the Cat Dancer has always been a hit with all of her cats over the years , and I can see why - I think we 'll end up as devoted customers too !
 I 've gotten tons of toys for my kitty that he plays with now and then . The cat dancer I must say , while simple , my cat absolutely loves it ! It is completely erratic and random with how it flies about .
 I have several cats of my own and also do rescue and provide foster care for cats . The orignal cat dancer is hands down the most loved cat toy ever ! Cats of all ages love this toy and they can be amused for hours . This particular cat dancer does require human interaction , although I 've had cats grab one end and push it around a room while chasing the other end , and more than a few cats have picked up an end and then run circles with it -LRB- as if chasing their tales -RRB- . My only complaint is Amazon pricing . I put this in my basket last week at $ 1.43 each ; I have n't yet purchased , but in the several days since I placed it in my basket , the price has increased twice , and it 's now more than double the original price . How on earth can it fluctuate that much ??? Even so , it 's a cheap toy.Highly recommend the cat dancer !!
 I bought this toy because of all the positive reviews , and my Cat loves this toy . Precious rarely plays with any toys I buy , however she is mesmerized by this Cat Dancer . I would recommend this toy to anyone with a cat , not only will the cat love the toy but your cat will also love the attention you give him/her when you play with them .
 I read the reviews for Cat Dancer and ordered two , figuring I had little to lose because they were so inexpensive . It is the most incredible toy ! My kitten , five months old , goes absolutely crazy over it . It is truly amazing to watch her acrobatics as she attempts to catch it and how mesmerized she is by this simple toy . I also decided to try it with our ten year old cat . He , too , was very interested in the Cat Dancer , swatting at it and following it around -LRB- although in a much more mellow way than the kitten -RRB- . We have all kinds of cat toys around , some of them quite expensive , but Cat Dancer beats them all !
 I never write reviews , but holy cow did this product work on my cat . So the product is really just some wire wound around some cardboard ends . But the wire is just the right thickness and the cardboard draws just enough attention that my normally lazy adult cat -LRB- who never plays with toys -RRB- was completely entranced by it - even more so than with a laser pointer because this toy she could occasionally grab and swipe at . Again , this is n't anything fancy . But the wire makes the end move erratically so just a little bit of movement with your hand can cause very random movements at the end -LRB- think moth fluttering crazily about -RRB- . Very minimal effort on your part , and a very happy kitty . Excellent product .
 My kitten and my older cat LOVES this ! My older cat is usually lazy but she will jump around for this toy !
 This is easily the best cat toy that I have ever purchased . It 's so simple yet so effective . It works even better than a laser pointer , which my cats also love . Even my laziest cat loves to play with this .
 I adopted an older cat a few years ago -LRB- he is now about 13 y/o -RRB- and for the first few years I did n't really play with him because he was n't really interested in balls or a feather on yarn . I bought Cat Dancer a few weeks ago because it was so cheap , I figured it was worth the shot - it is the first toy that actually gets him excited and playing ! You have to play with it too though , not something you can just let hang there .
 This is so basict I feel like a fool for paying for it . My cats LOVE chasing this thing ! ... Basically some cardboard on a hanger lol . Anyways - they love it and it was worth a few bucks
 This is the second time I have used a cat dancer for my cats , and I have to say this is by far their favorite toy -LRB- after my hair ties , which I try not to use for obvious reasons -RRB- . I was skeptical at how some cardboard on a wire would entertain my cats for a reasonable amount of time , but my cats seriously go nuts for this toy . My smaller cat can play with it for hours , and it actually gets my fatter kitty moving -LRB- which is the equivalent of the former -RRB- . I just love this toy , and highly recommend it for kitty play time ! The only caution is that for me , once my cats ripped off all of the cardboard , the blunt edge came apart and then had a pointy edge . I then threw it away to avoid my cats getting injured , and promptly purchased another one : -RRB-
 While this seems so simple , and I 'm sure you will wonder why you bought it when it first arrives , it is truly one of the world 's best cat toys . I secured one end to a cat tree and the weighted end `` flops '' around . My cats are INSANE trying to kill it . This is a bargain at any price .
 This toy is very addictive to our cats . They absolutely love jumping and chasing after the cat dancer . It hold up incredibly well for being such a simple product ... we have one that we purchased several years ago and it is still going strong . We purchased the second one for our foster cat who had to be quarantined in a separate room and could n't share our other cat toys . It is a great way to keep your cats active and engaged . If ours ever wears out I would n't hesitate to purchase another one .
 The Cat Dancers are pure entertainment for all . My cats , Merl and Charlotte leap , twist and pounce on the waving wire . And best of all , when Charlotte is sharpening her nails on the sofa , or knocking photos off of the piano or chewing on electrical cords , all I have to do is pick up the Cat Dancer and wave it . Charlotte stops her naughty behavior immediately and leaps for the Cat Dancer . To read more about Merl & Charlotte 's Cat Dancer antics , check out my blog , warlkids.blogspot.com
 Our cats LOVE this thing ... they are entranced , and even the chubby one will jump for it ! We might need another one !
 I did n't think much of a piece of cardboard at the end of a wire , but this cat toy works beyond expectations . It is n't piano wire , but a thicker variety that bounces around in all directions when held still . It so funny to watch two cats heads bob and weave as the cardboard &#34; fly &#34; moves around the room . Highly recommended .
 I had two cats in the past , both liked this toy , but one of them just LOVED it and never got tired of it . I got her to do high jumps and almost full flips playing with her with this thing . After many years , we now have a new cat that is very spazzy , and the way she plays , sits , and lays -LRB- with hind legs sprawled out -RRB- reminds me a lot of my cat who had loved this toy , so I got this yet again . Sure enough our new cat is going crazy over it . When not playing with her , she grabs hold of the end of it and drags it around the house . It 's just a wire with some cardboard at the ends , but it 's a very affordable price and great for spazzy cats that love playing . That last one I owned , I had for years . My cat never got tired of it .
 I got this toy for my 14 yr old Bengal because I have bought many toys that range in price from $ 25 to $ 3 like this toy and this toy BY FAR has gotten the most play from her . She loves it . It 's easy simple and she will jump HIGH like Bengals typically do . She loves it ! Do not hesitate to buy this , I mean really what do you have to lose ? The cost should n't shy you away . Get ready for hours of fun and play !
 This is a great product I will continue to buy ! My cats go crazy for this toy and play a lot .
 OF COURSE my cats would be mesmerized by something so simple - basically a wire and some rolled up kraft paper . I 've spent more money than I 'd like to admit on laser toys and complex wands , and magnetic moving toys ... and those things hold my cats ' -LRB- ages 10 and 6 years old -RRB- attention . But the boys , especially my older cat , NEVER grows tired with this &#34; Cat Dancer . &#34; It 's kind of amazing . And I need to order a second one before this one disappears and my cats are heartbroken !
 This item is so simple , but so much fun for my kitten ! He loves the bouncing action ! Glad I ordered it !
 My cats love this toy even more than a roll of toilet paper ! It 's so fun to play with them with it . And unlike fabric toys , I can get it away from them pretty easily when they catch it .
 This is one of the first toys I got for our cat when she was a kitten , and nearly 9 months now and she still loves to play with it . Other toys come and go , but this one , -LRB- even though the cardboard ends are coming off and only a few left on the wire -RRB- she continues to be interested in it .
 But our cats love it more than many more complicated -LRB- and expensive -RRB- toys . What 's not to love about a feather on a twig ?
 I would n't call it &#34; indestructible &#34; , as my cats have certainly attempted to destroy it . I think they are close to chewing off the cardboard pieces on the end . However , they endlessly enjoy it and and are never bored with it . When you get tired of holding it for them , you can stick it inside of a door and close it inside and it will stay there while they bat it around . Fabulous fun for humans and felines alike .
 This Cat Dancer interactive toy is so simple yet so fun ! My cats love the cardboard . The heavy gauge wire that bounces in the air as my cats play when I hold it up makes them go crazy . My cats give this four paws up - way up .
 who woulda thought !? a wire with cardboard on it ? the cat goes crazy for this . I move it around the house and anchor it with something heavy so he gets to play with it in different rooms . perfect
 This toy is so simple yet so fun for the cat ! It is just a steel wire with a couple pieces of cardboard on the end but the cats seem to think it is a really cool new kind of prey ! With just a little wiggle on the end of the wire from you the cardboard goes zooming around and puts the cats in a frenzy . I am really happy with this toy , only problem I had with it is finding a place to put it where my cats wo n't get it ! I had ordered two and both are now lost somewhere - my cats actually figured out how to open a drawer and took them out . Guess I need to order some more ! Great toy !
 I read the other reviews before buying this -- not like it was a big purchase - but in all reality we do not need more cat toys that are not being played with laying around !! I have 2 older cats who get bored easily and will play longer with things that arent even toys -- wrappers-etcWell immediately when this came out of the package they knew it was for them and they can not get enough and even play with it by themselves -- wire and cardboard how simple !! but the cats sure do love it --
 This toy has really gotten Kitty 's attention . He loves chasing it nearly as much as his lazar light.I know this toy is very inexpensive , but why cardboard on the end 's ??? I mean how cheap can they get , why not little pieces of plastic instead ? I 'm am sure the cardboard is going to have a very short life . I have only had this for 3 days and one of the pieces is starting to fray already . Also the stiff wire has the potential of hurting your cat , particularly if your cat gets to rambunctious with it as mine does.I only use this for supervised play , I do n't hang it somewhere for him to play alone . I am concerned he will get hurt on the wire.Over all I gave it 4 stars only because Kitty likes it so much . If it where for quality and safety it would only be 2 stars .
 Hands down , this is the best cat toy ever . Cats love it and go wild for it . They jump . They chase . If you even touch the cat dancer , their ears pop up.And yes , I feel like a total dork for not having invented it myself . A piece of wire and a few pieces of cardboard ... Total cost must be three cents . who would have guessed ? But it 's brilliant .
 My cat loves this toy ! It is n't the most durable thing ; if you want it to last more than a few weeks , do n't let your cat chew on it . But , based on the enjoyment it gives my cat , I 'm willing to sacrifice a couple of dollars once a month .
 ... but all four of my indoor cats I 've owned have loved this Cat Dancer toy . Do n't straighten out the wire - leave it slightly with a coil and it will bounce more . Whenever I put it up , I would wrap it twice around in a coil and it will have just the right amount of spring to it for a long time.My Abyssinian loves to stalk the `` handle '' end of it when I have the room in semi-darkness , my Maine Coon loves the larger end with all the cardboard tubes . My other two cats now at the Rainbow Bridge , even my 18 year old cat , would chase it in her old age - one of the few toys that tantalized her enough to get up off the sofa!Eventually they do wear out and need replaced - and at this low price just buy several and keep them in stock . It turns out the cardboard pieces eventually shred and pull off the wire , and at that point they become dangerous to the cat . Also , do n't let them play with the Cat Dancer unsupervised .
 This toy is so simple that it 's hard to believe that someone did n't come up with it a long time ago . And if you manipulate it just right , it looks just like a bug flying around in the air . My cats really love it . They really like chewing on the cardboard as well .
 If your cat likes to chase bugs , your furball will love this . It darts around like a fly because of the wire . Both of my cats love this one , but the one who has a fascination with bugs likes it the best .
 i ordered this as a toy for my 2 year old cat and had it shipped to my mom 's house as at my place there 's hardly ever anybody home to receive a package.When i came to collect it , my mom had opened the parcel and so came at me with the bill/receipt in one hand and the little plastic bag containing the toy in the other and started screaming '' 8 $ for THIS ??!! For a PIECE OF WIRE ???? '' -LRB- the item itself is less than 2 $ but even with standard shipping it comes to around 7 or 8 $ -RRB- . Boy did i get it !!! `` what a waste of money , what a rip-off ! No wonder you never have any money spending it on this sort of trash etc. etc. etc `` Well i must say , it did look kinda like `` nothing '' ... just a flimsy piece of wire about a yard long with 1 or 2 small pieces of cardboard on each end.I wasnt surprised about this however as i had carefully read all the other buyers ' comments before making the purchase
 This is a great toy , I 've found my two 9 month old kittens have lots of fun playing with this on our tile dining room floor . It slides around easily and both have an end to play with , spinning and sliding around to catch the moving ends . It works holding the dancer for them also while they bat and swing at it . Great product , and low price . Fun , fun , fun !
 4 out of 4 cats in my house love this little toy . It has great movement to it , and the cats could play with it for hours . Like other people have said , I wish I came up with this toy , it is so simple !
 ALL cats love this and respond to it . I had a cat who 'd put one end under her front leg then run in circles chasing the other end ! If you need to get a cat in at night , use this . If you need to catch kittens , use this . It 's fantastic . Ca n't believe it 's not a. discontinued or b. overpriced . Great toy all cats enjoy .
 My cat goes bananas for this thing , and she 's normally super lazy . It would be incredibly easy to make , though . Get it , your cat will thank you .
 I cant figure out if this toy resembles a `` bug '' of some kind . But what ever it is , my cat loves it . The piano wire is great and gives a lot of built in `` movement '' . I can see we will need a spare when the first one wears out . I have to keep this toy put away so my cat is always interested when it `` comes out '' . I find if I put away his `` special '' toys , he is much more interested when they randomly -LRB- when momma 's in the mood to play -RRB- appear . I agree with everyone here that this toy is a keeper . Very inexpensive and designed simply . There should be one in every cats toy box . I found the best way to play is to skip it across the floor of flip it under a throw pillow edge . Make sure your cat has something to duck behind in order to `` stalk and pounce '' . You will see their eyes light up every time you get it out .
 At first I could n't believe that I had spent 4 . Dollars on a piece of wire holding up rolls of cardboard , but the reviews speak the truth . I have two adult cats , one very frisky and energetic , one more calm but still playful . My frisky cat took one hard swing at it , and the wire flew back and smacked him right in the eyes ! He 's now deathly afraid of the toy , even if it try to show him it 's okay to play with . However my other cat loves it , she likes to hit it and ducks and watches it swing , and so on . Hit with one cat and unintentional miss with the other , it just depends on your cat and how they play . All in all , a good , entertaining toy .
 I 've bought so many toys for my two cats . I 've wasted so much money on my two cats . They get bored with everything I buy them . So , I bought this thinking that it was only a few dollars and it was worth a shot based on other reviews . My cats LOVE this simple little toy . My cats will jump several feet in the air trying to get the little cardboard strips . They go crazy over this toy ! I 've rigged it so they can play with it when I 'm not available , but that usually does n't last long because they pull at it so hard . I 've had to buy several of these because my cats chew the cardboard off after a while . This is the one toy my cats always go back to .
 It 's amazing how my cat loves this simple toy ! She begs me to play with it with her . I 've spent over twenty dollars for other toys she tires of within minutes , or she destroys them within a short time . Not this ! I 'm thinking of buying more to have available in other rooms.Great value , and great fun for her .
 What is it about the Cat Dancer that cats love so much ? The erratic motion of the bent wire ? The texture of the little cardboard rolls at the end ? The fact that it is probably the least expensive toy in the house , thus giving my kittens one more excuse to ignore all the `` nice '' toys I buy for them?Whatever it is , the Cat Dancer has worked for my two 5 month old kittens . Every time I bring it out they will play for a long as I am willing to hold the toy out for them . I use the Cat Dancer to give them a run-around before bedtime and decrease the chance of bored midnight meowing sessions . It 's a great chance for them to break out their hunting skills , and unlike a laser pointer there is something for them to tangibly `` kill '' with this toy.Because this toy is mainly constructed out of a long , thin length of wire , I only allow them to play with the Cat Dancer under my supervision . While I do not see any inherent safety hazard in this toy , I will err on the side of caution when it comes to two curious kittens . I do not feel that the wire ends will cause injury to my kittens during play , but if you are paranoid you could wrap the ends with a small piece of tape to `` dull '' them.After 2 weeks of play , the cardboard roll on the `` holding '' end of the Cat Dancer has fallen out , but the toy is still easy to hold.Give it a try ! You may be surprised how high your cat will leap to try and get a hold of those elusive cardboard bits .
 All three cats seem to enjoy it . While it 's expensive for a piece of wire and rolled paper , it 's less expensive than other toys that may hit or miss . This definitely went over better than some of the more expensive toys .
 I love this item.As soon as my cat saw it , he went berzerk in a good way . The wood chips are strung at the end of a long wire , which gives them a fly-like motion that entrances the cat with minimal physical effort on my part.Well worth the -LRB- low ! -RRB- cost .
 My 15 year old senior cat who is diabetic and somewhat overweight absolutely loves this toy . He would n't get up to play with other toys not even a laser . When I showed him this toy he immediately got up to investigate . It is now his favorite toy and he hogs playtime so that his ` siblings ' do n't have a chance to play with it . With a change of diet and daily play sessions he has lost several pounds and went from getting 5 units of insulin 2 times a day to not needing it at all . I check his blood sugar regularly and it is always within an acceptable range . He has leveled off with his weight loss , even though he needs to lose a few more pounds . The one thing I have to do is put this toy in a cabinet when not playing with him and his ` siblings ' or he will find it and drag it out into the middle of the room . I think that the ` Cat Dancer ' is better than a laser since it gives the cat something physical to catch . If you use a spray catnip on it occasionally the cats like it even better .
 This is another cat toy that paid off well , inexpensive , one of my cat 's favorite toy . This is 4th one I 've purchased , you ca n't go wrong with this one ... Enjoy : -RRB-
 I found this toy brand new at a local thrift store for about 45 cents . 45 cents for some wire and cardboard bits for something touted as `` the world 's greatest cat toy '' , how could I NOT buy it?I was skeptical that such an odd toy would pique my cat 's interest . It 's just some thin bouncy wire with 5 cardboard tubes at the end that bobs up and down erratically when you hang on to it . Well , as soon as I took it out my cat freaked . He would not leave this thing alone ! He could be completely dead to the world asleep and if you pick this toy up he will bolt over and try to grab it . My guess is the cardboard looks extremely similar to a flying bug and the wire is largely unnoticed . I 've found my cat entertaining himself with this toy , just batting the end around and dragging it from room to room.Sadly , it does not hold up well . Within a few weeks the cardboard was almost all torn off , and the wire got bent up . I 'm on the hunt for the right kind of wire so I can make these at home , but still , it 's well worth the money .
 It 's amazing , and I was skeptical at first , but cats do go BONKERS for this ridiculously simple little toy . The unpredictable bouncing of the cardboard twists is what seems to keep them coming back . I actually hold mine upside-down , so the wire curves upward from the tiny handle , because it bounces more wildly this way . Cats will become frustrated and stop playing if they are n't occasionally allowed to catch their `` prey , '' but do n't let them chew on the cardboard after they catch it or they could pull one of the twists out of the loops . This is n't a drawback because this toy is n't intended to be gnawed on . Finish playtime with stuffed cat toys if you , like me , have cats who want to chew their `` kill . '' The only aspect of this toy I 'm not crazy about is the aforementioned tiny handle . It 's too small -LRB- 1 short cardboard twist -RRB- to hold comfortably for long , and to make matters worse , mine was twisted on at a wrong angle to the teaser toys . Just using a longer piece of cardboard would have made the handle more comfortable , but as it is I 'm ready to quit before the cats are . Still , for the money it 's a great toy to get your cat leaping around .
 Now this may not be the most money friendly toy -LRB- come on , it 's wire with little rolls of cardboard , the packaging probably costs more than the toy -RRB- , but our cat really seems to enjoy it . We received this as a gift from a family member , and she absolutely loves it . Her face lights up whenever she sees it , and she gets SO in to chasing it and playing with it . Human-wise , the wire is long enough to prevent losing a finger or two . We tend to use the extra cardboard rolls as a bit of a grip , so that way she only has to concentrate on catching one . All in all , I 'd say this is totally worth it , especially if you 're looking for something to get the $ 25 minimum . -LRB- Or a few extra kitty stocking suffers ! -RRB-
 This toy is simple , as many people have pointed out , but my cat loved it -LRB- he passed recently -RRB- ! My mom -LRB- being the `` grandmother '' -RRB- kept buying various toys to tempt my cat with no luck . He liked his one little sock and that was it . He did n't even like treats ! My mom came over one day with this , and after shrugging my shoulders at how it looked , we put it to the test ... Holy cow ! He was all over the place with it ! As he was 12 , he would only run around after it for about 20 minutes and get tired . Whenever he would lie down , we would just bop it towards his front paws and he 'd bat it around while lying down ! Will be getting another one when I get another cat and will buy my boyfriend one when he gets HIS cat !
 This is a terrific little toy . While one cat is basically indifferent towards it , the other has spent hours in vigorous play and fascination . All I did was stick one end under a pile of heavy books so the `` fun end '' dangles a few feet off the ground . Olive lays on her side or back and bats at the toy , stopping to rest now and then before another round . Beats the heck out of much more expensive toys . A must-have item for any cat owner/lover .
 I have bought many toys to try to tempt my lazy , slightly over-weight cat , into exercising . Nothing as worked . I purchased this for her -- far more playful , and also older -- sister 's birthday . When I opened the package , and unwound the Cat Dancer , the lazy kitty was the first to be interested . She played for at least 10 minutes in a row , and then took a small break . She continued to want to play the rest of the evening ! This might possibly have been more exercise then she has gotten in her entire life ! I am very pleased with this product , and have already recommended it to all the cat parent 's I know ! Thank you Cat Dancer !
 Very simple cat toy , but worth the couple of bucks that I paid for it because my cat really does go crazy for it .
 This is seriously the best cat toy ever ! She loves it and expects me to pull it out every day at least twice . I think the lightness of the paper twists , the bounciness of the wire and maybe the fact that the wire is almost invisible to her , so it looks like a real little bug , makes this an irressistible toy . Also , as far as I can tell it seems to be environmentally kosher .
 I have two kittens -LRB- male & female -RRB- and this is her favorite toy . I love watching her pounce around and practice her hunting skills . I must admit I was skeptical at first because it just looked like a piece of wire , so I avoided buying it for a while . Finally due to all the raving reviews , my curiosity came over me and I caved in and bought one . And guess what ? It gives my cat all the exercise she needs . I just sit and watch , no need for me to so anything other than hold it . The only problem is her brother - he is the lazier of the two , and he will play with the cat dancer when it comes near him , but he never has the desire to run around , bounce and hunt it down like she does . But that 's probably more him than the toy . His favorite spot is near the food bowl watching his sister play with the cat dancer . So in the end , it entertains both kittens , just in different ways .
 The Cat Dancer is the simplest and best cat toy on the planet . All my cats have loved this bouncy wire toy which inspires them to twisting flights , flips and other airborne acrobatics ! Sturdy too !
 This is , paws down , the favorite toy of our three cats . Even after 4 years , not a day goes by that they are n't jumping at it and batting it around . We fastened it to a piece of furniture so that they could play with it when we are not home -LRB- or asleep . -RRB- Unbelievable that such a simple toy could have such staying power !
 I believe the Cat Dancer is Earth 's best cat toy.It never fails to attract my cats ' attention , even drawing them away from the window by the bird feeder.And it 's a great way to exercise my indoor cats without wearing myself out or getting my hands scratched.The only shortcoming for this toy is the dirty looks I get from `` Jack '' and `` Mrs. Chippy '' when I put it away .
 I have bought my cat many elaborate toys , but only this piece of wire with cardboard attached to the ends can drive him crazy.Be sure to buy a few of these at once , because cats tend to chew the cardboard off .
 For over 30 years , this is the cat toy that has continued to amuse even the most jaded old cat and the one that has delighted every kitten . It 's simple and it 's cunning . It imitates a fluttering moth and they ca n't stay away . Best of all , it does n't take up much space . I have several and always keep new ones on hand to take as gifts .
 My cat -LRB- Jack -RRB- loves this toy . It is a great entertainment for both of us ; we play till I get tired cause it looks like the cat would never get tired of it . Jack likes to play with bugs . When we play with this toy it looks like the pieces of cardboard at the end of the wire imitate the motion of a bug , so he chases it around like it was a bug . If your cat likes to play with bugs -LRB- and most kitties do -RRB- , this is a great toy that will bring lots of fun !!!
 My cats love this toy ! They carry it around room to room and play with it constantly . Great product ! If your cats are anything like mine , it will have to be replaced after they have sufficiently torn it up , but at this price - no worries !
 I got this years ago -LRB- early 1990 's ? -RRB- when my two cats were 6 years old and they LOVED it until their joints just could n't take it anymore -LRB- late teens -RRB- . Sadly , they are gone now but this toy is THE favorite of our two new `` younsters '' Ollie & Henry . They go CRAZY for this thing ! I have to put it away after awhile - they actually start panting like dogs ! For under $ 2 , you ca n't go wrong ! Light `` pinch '' between the thumb and first finger and stick your arm out shoulder high . Slowly roll the end between your thumb and forefinger and the other end dances & moves like a flying insect . Just watch out because they will jump for it !!! I 'd order a new one but the old one is still fine ! At least now I know where to get one !
 I have tried a few other Holistic brands and my kitten prefers Fromm ! The ingredients are very natural ! Everybody should read the pet food labels ! This food is about as good as it gets ! I only buy kitty food that has no animal by products and no wheat or corn ! Great quality and the price is reasonable !
 My cats love it and they eat every last piece I give them . Will be buying more in the future .
 As a groomer it 's one of the best general use brushes I 've used in awhile . I would n't necessarily recommend it for the average pet owner for dogs with short , thin coats unless the user has a gentle touch . Used properly it really digs in and separates the hairs , and releases the tangles nicely w/o discomfort to the dog . I especially love it on the dogs in full coat . It 's saving me lots of time . It saved me lots of money , too , since I snagged it for about $ 3.50 !
 My dogs love these bones . They fought over the first one , so I had to buy another ! One of my dogs tried to tear the fuzz off , but it is firmly attached . The squeak is good , and it is soft enough that it does n't hurt if your dog throws it at you blindsided !
 I used to put down newspaper for my 12lb shih-tzu , so she can live comfortably with her tiny bladder . But she likes these pads better , and they keep her urine in place so they are much cleaner to use ! She used them right away , and she is 15 years old . No training needed , I just put down a pad and she went right over to it . She literally jumped up and down after using one for the first time . Great product . I now order them by the case .
 The pads were more than I expected . The price is excellent , and I have enough pads to last me until the spring for a price that wo n't break the bank . Will recommend this pet site ... BW
 I have 4 dogs and it holds the urine without leakage and stays in one piece when used several times during the day
 These pads never disappoint . They soak up the liquid mess fast and leave no residue on my vinyl floors . If there 's an &#34; accident &#34; on a rug then place a pad upside down on the spot with some sort of weight on top , such as a box of laundry soap , and the spot disappears into the pad . Perfect !
 I have an older cat -LRB- 14 + years -RRB- that has a stiff back and has a hard time squatting to urinate but for the same reason she can not use a high sided cat box since she ca n't jump up over a high entry . Placing these pads beneath her kitty box has helped catch any accidental over shooting she does and makes it easy to clean by just throwing away the pad instead of scrubbing a carpet or floor ! I have another cat who also just is not a fan of kitty liter ... I 've tried everything and though I have one she will use all the time for poo ... urination is hit or miss -LRB- literally , unfortunately ... -RRB- But I discovered that with the pads around her kitty liter bow , she gladly will use the pads instead of any any unfortunate article of clothing she might pull out of the hamper ...
 they look good - have not used them yet ... . am new to trying to train a dog to a pad
 I payed for this item on 23 oct , and it was not shipped until 25 . And it was not weekend then why i choose this item for free two days ship ???? yeah , maybe it will arrive on time after ship . that 's wasting time and next time i prefer to purchase that in the store !!!
 THE BABIES GET IT ON THE LARGE PADS SO MY APARMENT DOES N'T SMELL LIKE A SHIT HOLE , THE PADS CAME JUST IN TIME . THANKS , WRITE YOU WHEN I RUN OUT ...
 I 'm a 243 lb man with a Diet Pepsi habit that would impress any outpatient . I ca n't always get up anyways , but especially when I have to wee-wee . I picked these up for my wife 's pekinese , but quickly realized the potential that has quite literally changed my life . I just lay down one or two of these bad boys and release my golden ropes of waste anytime Nature calls . Very absorbent and matches the couch , too .
 We inherited a small , elderly chihuahua who was paper trained from day one . We have tried many different types of pads , and these definitely are the best we have used so far . They are a nice size , and we have not had any leakage . They are thicker than most and hold the liquids well . We are very satisfied !
 These are so much cheaper when you buy the 150 pack and are better tha any I found in the local stores as well ! A double bonus , they are qulited nicely to absorb , great for smal dogs in big winter storms !
 Very good product ! Specially love the quantity for the price ! Not the best of all but it is the best for the price/quantity . Would recommend 100 % And also would buy over and over again
 Just what I wanted and on time . Product is perfect for my little dog . Arrived in perfect shape and on time .
 My dog goes out to pee a lot but sometimes he just ca n't wait until we get home . These pads soak up the urine and are pretty good with odor reduction . The price on amazon was amazing for this product , half as much as my pet store . If you have a puppy or even an older dog who goes in the house sometimes , this product is worth it .
 Very absorbant and the perfect pad for older dogs that ca n't always make it thru the night without going . I would definitely recommend this .
 I bought this as a wish list donation for an animal rescue group . These are highly absorbent puppy wee wee pads . underlay is plastic for no mess leaking ! affordable and durable
 These pads are highly absorbent and are preferred by my dogs to some of the other brands I 've tried . They 're a good value for the price .
 It 's shipped so quickly . Works great . It 's much more convenience buying pad at pet store . and it 's much cheaper . I recommend this .
 This brand of wee wee pads are really great . They attract the pups to go on them and they hold way more pee than other brands . Not that I am a huge fan of paper training but I have rescue dogs who require pads and some are soooo flimsy and can blow over just by a dog walking past them . These are quality and are my choice by far . The price can not be beat and they shipped super fast .
 Son recently moved back home with his two cats . One with anxiety problems . She has been urinating on these pads ever since he put them down instead of my carpets . They are worth every penny : - -RRB-
 Works well for my multiple Pekingese pets . Thick enough so it never goesthrough . The price for this 150 pack is very good .
 Shopped with you before an will continue too . . Pads do there job very well . And I have two puppy 's in training ... Absorb good .
 Buy them all the time and never have a problem . I get the 150pk as it is more cost efficient . My dog never had a problem with these pads and prefers them over other brands .
 Just what the pet needs and what his owner wants . It works , giving the pet owner less to do . It hits the spot , literally and figuratively .
 Great pads for housebreaking your puppy . Buy the 150 pack and save in the long term ! I use this with the Four Paws On Target wee wee pad holder and it just works great .
 This is hands-down , the best wee-wee pad I 've ever bought . I have a Chihuahua who is mostly a house dog so she pees inside when I 'm not home . Most of the bargain pads that I 've purchased previously was just not absorbent enough . This one , however , is not only absorbent , but sturdy . You also do n't get leakage on the side of the pads . I am not going back to bargain brands - I 'm buying these now .
 product held pee pee bad in place and dog didin -LSB- t tear it or rip it . Neat looking and invites dog to stay on pad while performing his business
 THIS COMPANY IS VERY DEPENDABLE , MY DOG LOVES THEM AND THEY LAST LONGER THAN THE OTHER BRANDS , THIS IS MY SECOND TIME BUYING THEM FROM THIS COMPANY AND IT WONT BE MY LAST
 Of all the pads I 've tried these are the best . They are a good thickness and were an affordale price .
 These pads realy do the work . They absorb quite a bit and may be used without worrying of urine spilling over .
 It 's the same product as in stores but for half the price . Plus , with my prime I get free shipping . Best deal ever . My dog is very tiny and I worry about walking him in the rural area where I live , so he is almost exclusively pad trained . So these pads are super important !
 I was so Happy with this product that I ordered a second time Thank You I was given a date and I received them before that date .
 Both I and my better half work all day and sometimes well into the night . We trained our Westie 's on these from day one , because we decided if the animal had an accident in the house it was only our fault for the schedules that we keep.They took to them immediately and have used them since , although we still walk them twice a day , this gives us piece of mind . It also makes for well adjusted canines .
 I leave a pee pad down for my dog every day just in case I get stuck at work and he needs to go . I 've tried many different varieties of pee pads and Wee-Wee Housebreaking Pads are by far THE best ! They are a good size and they very absorbent -LRB- my dog has definitely gone on one twice and it did n't leak -RRB- . The second best thing about these pads is the price . 150 pads for $ 30-some dollars is just amazing!Bottom Line ... These are the best pads out there . Buy them !
 I go through alot of wee weeds as I have three dogs ! I buy the BEST pad that will absorb and not smell . These pads are the BEST!I get alot of pads for a great price !
 product does what its intended for . I assumed it would come in a bag but the picture is wrong . This comes in a brown box labeled wee wee pads its just not a portable bag as I was imagining .
 Love the price and quantity you get . They do what they need to do , use these when I am gone to work so I do n't have to kennel my canines , they go to the one pad and use it and it does n't move/leak .
 These are the only pads I recommend for house training a puppy . They are the most absorbant of the types I 've tried . Extremely fast shipping also !
 I have been using training pads for over 2 years now . This product has far exceeded my expectations . I will never order a different brand . They are very obsorbing and odor eliminating . They do not seep like many of the lesser quality pads .
 I do n't use these any longer , as my dog 's are no longer puppies and like to do their business outside now.For the first year of my first puppy 's life , he liked to pee and poop in the litter pan we have -LRB- both my dogs are chihuahuas -RRB- and it was easy for him to use the pan . These pads are pretty absorbant , much , much more than newspapers , and although not perfect , they do a very good job.The new puppy , a girl was using these pads for about a month , but when she saw my male going outside , she decided to use my grass too . Little dogs , little pee stains ; oh well.The price of these pads from Amazon was amazing . For a pack of 150 at Amazon , I paid about the same as I paid for a pack of 100 at the local pet supply place . I have a load left over , as the little girl PREFERS to go outside , and use the litter pan only as an emergency now . we 'll see what happens when the snow flies this Winter if they 'll use the litter pan -LRB- s -RRB- again or make me take them out . Ca n't let them out by themselves , they need to be walked on a leash . They are small eneough to be taken by the more than occasional hawks flying around here .
 I have ordered these pads before from review recommendations . I am happy with the pads and are perfect for my maltese so I continue to order them . -LRB- My dog is only pad trained . -RRB- I put a pad in my shower so in case she misses there is no mess to clean up . I had purchased a less expensive brand at a local discount store but they were not as thick and absorbent as the four paws were . I will continue to purchase these pads .
 These pads are excellent . So much more absorbent than what we were using previously , and the dog never has a problem finding it .
 We have purchased others that seemed like a cheap paper towel glued to a piece of a cheap plastic table cloth . These are NOT those , these are absorbant and keep pee off the floor will buy these again !
 Great product . Stronger than many others that I have purchased in the past . A good buy , will do so again in the future .
 This was an amazing price and the pads do not leak !! I recieved this so quickly !! I could not be happier !! Thanks !
 We are trying to housebreak our Rottweiler puppy , but in the mean time these have been a godsend !! Yes , there is a little runnage is he goes too close to the edge , but that is going to happen with anything depending on how much he has to go ! It makes cleaning up his messes a lot easier and contains them in one area as he does return to the area these are set in !!
 Great!takes care of the problem , just wish it was a bit larger . I looked for larger pads but price wise this was the beat option . We like it well enough to order it again .
 I 've been using these for my Shih-Tzu for over a year and until I find a better brand this is what I will use . I 've tried other brands and they are not as absorbent as Four Paws .
 You 'll be glad to train your dog on these . When it 's raining outside , or when your dog needs to go this is the best pad out there.Great absortion quality .
 Best deal , best pads . They are sturdy and do n't leak thru . Ca n't find these anywere else . Well worth the price which was not expensive .
 Great during the training of nearly any puppy who will have an accident or needs an approved emergency spot to do their business . The Wee Wee Pad will absorb small amounts of liquid and help to protect your floors . Great product as long as your puppy is not into Wee Wee Pad chewing .
 THESE PADS DO EXZACTLY WHAT IS EXPECTED OF DOGGIE PADS . THEY ARE THICK AND ABSORBANT . I USE THE LARGE SIZE FOR MY TWO YORKIES . IT GIVES THEM PLENTY OF ROOM TO SNIFF AROUND AND FIND A SPOT ON THE PAD . I LOVE THESE PADS . THIS IS LIKE MY 5TH ORDER FROM AMAZON . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED IF YOU LOVE A DRY FLOOR OR CARPET .
 I was previously buying my potty pads from the dollar store . I was disappointed with the absorbency of those as I would pick them up and the pee would just run off . So I needed to find a better brand . I came across these and the price is right even cheaper than the dollar store ! I am so impressed by the level of absorbency , no messes even if she pees really close to the edge of the pad ! I love them and I will definitely be repurchasing !
 So write of the jump these are not the same quality as what you might purchase at a local pet store.The pads seem to have some type of powder -LRB- maybe baking soda -RRB- that is unevenly spread and when you look at them you can tell its not evenly distributed ... . all that being sad my little yorkie will use them . They seem to absorb but these pads need to be changed more often than the others I 've purchased from the store.Overall for the price which is about $ 20 cheaper than the store brand - I 'd purchase them again .
 I got a puppy last week and bought the 14 pack on Amazon to try puppy pad training . Overall the pads are very absorbant and my puppy has peed on a single pad around 4 times without any leakage . The only concern I have with the pad is that it is a bit flimsy so it will shift around easily . I have a miniature schnauzer puppy and the pad is just right for him . You may want to get a larger pad if you have a large breed dog . My puppy is not extremely attracted to peeing or pooing on the pad , but the pad does do its job when he does decide to use it .
 I have a cat who does n't always make it to her box and these work good for those times . They are absorbent , but not as much as I 'd like them to be . I do n't use them in a holder so I ca n't say how they fare in one of those . My cat prefers them over other brands so I 'll keep buying them for her .
 It was on time , packed excellent and arrived on time.Very quick Very profesional . The prodcut was even better than I Thought
 We 've purchased a few of these 150-sized boxes with two miniature dachshund puppies . I 'm probably buying my last box as they now enjoy going outside . I will still keep some around for the ` just in case ' times when I 'm gone for the day longer than usual . If your puppy ` goes ' in the middle of the pad , no problem , closer to the blue edge around the quilted bit and the liquid * can * leak underneath the pad . If you have a nice carpet or a new hardwood floor , you might want to put a towel underneath to protect it . The quilted nature of the pads means they hold a LOT of liquid , but they are not meant to stay in place forever -LRB- nor will they be as attractive to your pet ... -RRB- , but for the occasional `` oops '' or middle of the night potty visit , they work great.We did try some cheaper alternatives that you can find at large discount stores , but they were exactly that ... cheap . They leaked and even delicately manicured paws seemed to catch in the non-quilted cheaper materials . For a few pennies more , the Four Paws wee-wee pads are worth it .
 i have been trying all types of brands for potty training pads , and for some reason , the wee wee pads seem to be more efficient . Very rarely does my puppy miss the pad . Finally something that works !
 The price of these are really good but they are a bit thinner than other brands I have used . My dog is 4 pounds and it works fine for him but I would imagine that if you have a larger dog that it might leak . I would recommend them if you have a really small dog like I do .
 These are standard , high-quality puppy pads . They do their job well , and this may be the best deal on the internet . I search long , and I ended up with these as they are not noted for being cheaply made or ineffective . I 'm satisfied , and I 'll purchase these again at this price .
 they are small and easy to handle the mess.practical and easy package came on time good company i will reorder
 Arrived super fast I really did not expect it so fast very convenient it has fulfilled it 's purpose my puppy likes it
 These really do work if you use them with the Iris FT-500 Small Floor Protection Tray . They hold the urine from flooding the tray better than just placing newspaper .
 Great product , I highly recommend . I have two little dogs that fo right to them . Very absorbant . Would buy again
 I had a puppy I was training to go on the pads and then we moved them to outside to train the puppy to go outside the pads held up very well and we were successful .
 We love to use this product in conjunction with another one , a fake grass potty , for our dog on the porch . The pads are a great deal , a good size -LRB- large enough for a 30 lb dog , not just a puppy -RRB- , and are very absorbent . They keep the smell to a minimum as far as we can tell , since we use the product on the porch .
 wish the pads were a little thicker to absorb the urine . But once it dries it 's ok . Have to make sure my dog does n't step in thepuddle or else she 'll track it everywhere . Once in a while she 'll rip it -LRB- I guess when she 's bored -RRB- , only when I 'm not home.I will probably order again .
 I like this product but can not find the exact size that I need . The price is very reasonable . I have a Coton de Tuler and they work well for her .
 We have bought these pads more than once . They are a high grade pad an do a great job of protection . We will buy the same pads again . Thank you .
 I am very happy with this product I purchased . I will definitely buy again . The quality is much better than the cheaper one I bought last time . For 10 cents more , it 's worth it .
 In my case , these pads were a GODSEND ! I have two ferrets I got as adults that are not housebroken and refuse to be trained . I was sooo tired of pulling my hair out over the hassle of keeping my carpet clean -LRB- which was a lost battle -RRB- when I stumbled on these pads . They worked PERFECTLY for my situation -LRB- and I 'm certain would work just as well for any training puppies -RRB- . The pads are very absorbent -LRB- I 'm actually able to leave my ferrets out for a couple of DAYS now thanks to these pads ! -RRB- , made of quality material and nicely sized . I 'd definitely recommend these !!
 I have a 15 year old toy poodle and due to medical issues she drinks a lot of water at night . I do walk her so not like I am not doing my job . Some how she always needs to go that one last time and I am sleeping . Someone mention diapers which I did use but the problem with that was they encourage peeing and I have to hand wash it every day . I then thought okay let try some pads .150 pad for $ 30 is cheap now 22x23 to me did n't seem big until I actually saw them ! Man these are big maybe too big I am thinking . I showed my dog the pad and put her on it and told her if she needs to go pee here . My goal is not to have her go on them but they are there in case . I just got up because I needed to go myself and notice in the bathroom she went on the pad . They are not too big just right . I lifted it up and nothing is on the floor . I forgot when they pee it spreads out so the pad size turn out to be perfect.I would recommend these they really work . I wish I got them years ago . Not sure how a male dog would use them but great for females . Funny how she only goes in the bathroom so I guess Poodles are smart she knows what room to go in and now she can go and not be in trouble .
 NIce Pads . Works great . Do not pay twice as much at Petco etc. . Looks and works almost the same . Im very satisfied
 These pads are awesome . I go through so many wee pads which gets very expensive . These pads seem to be able to hold a lot of liquid , dry up quick and do n't soak through to the floor . Plus , the price can not be beat . I am so glad I found them on Amazon.com . !!
 My order came within a couple of days , sooner than I expected and in great shape . I would recommend this purchase to anyone .
 We got a new puppy in December and we live in a high rise building on the 19th floor . She was only 3 months old when we got her so she had n't had all her shots and the vet cautioned against us taking her to the park across the street . We used puppy pads suggested be the breeder initially , and they were high quality , but our little princess did n't like the idea of using them more than once so that got expense fast ! I scoured Amazon for the best deal on puppy pads and tried a few other brands before finding these . I like these , in the 150 count pack because they fold up so small . They 're not overly thick , but as I mentioned out puppy is a priss when it comes to using these pads more than once no matter how absorbant they are , so these work great for her . We continue to use puppy pads in the house for times when we ca n't get out fast enough or when she is home alone . My mom also uses these pads for her puppy . You really can not beat the price and with free 2-day shipping with Amazon Prime you can have them at your door almost as soon as you realize you need more . I saw the same pads at Petco , but they were $ 65 - $ 70 for the 150-pack box . No contest , a great deal .
 By far these pads are the best I have used and I have tried many . They are thick , heavy and can withstand 3 or 4 pees . For the money , and the quantity , you just ca n't do better . This product is well worth your money .
 excellent quality pads , best name brand out of all the products i have tried . The pee stain does not smell and it absorbs everything even on the corners of the pad .
 These pads are much better than IRIS Neat 'n Dry . The pads are large and attract the dogs to pee on the pad and not on the edge like the IRIS Neat 'n Dry . Somewhat expensive but well worth the cost !
 These work a lot better than the cheaper brands of Puppy pads . The quality of the material is better and seems to absorb better . Plus , the smell seems to attract the puppies more so than the other pads . Amazon has a great deal on the price . I would definitely buy again .
 I have ordered Wee Wee Pads twice now , because there are so very helpful . It did not take long at all for my puppy to understand she was to use them when she had to go to the bathroom . THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR WEE WEE PADS !!!!!! GOD BLESS , Wanda Rains
 These are good quality pads for the price . Absorbent and leakproof , my pup can use one a few times before I have to discard it . It 's large enough for him to circle and still poop on target . I appreciate the fact that there is more pad than border . Will definitely buy again .
 These are the best pads I 've found to use . They are great for my older pet -LRB- 13 years old -RRB- , she 's not able to hold her bladder for very long now .
 Sweet Fluffalicious Cee Cee suddenly started peeing on the floor and the rug in one area only -- the litterboxes -LRB- clean and cat-user-friendly -RRB- were UNtouched by pee . I knew something had to be wrong with Cee Cee and made an appointment with the vet -- meanwhile I ran out to the local supermarket and found these -- I generously spread them -LRB- atop newspapers in case she missed -RRB- in those areas where she had peed -LRB- after cleaning those same areas with paper towels , and white vinegar to help remove the smell -RRB- . She used them -- I was so happy !! She also tried to `` cover them up '' with her paw after she peed , thus folding them up and exposing the newspaper or the floor -LRB- neither of which was very absorbent in case she peed again -RRB- , so I quickly learned to anchor the pee pads atop fresh newspaper sheets , using tape on all 4 corners . Clean-up was easy -- just fold up the newspapers and the pee pads , place in garbage bag and throw out . Of course , I IMMEDIATELY replaced with new papers and pee pads.The pee pads absorbed everything -LRB- She DID use the litterbox to poop in , BTW -RRB- . The pads were big enough to leave room for `` error '' , and there was no or minimal smell . I found that she kept going back to them instead of going anywhere else to pee . Since I was at work most of the day , I left TWO pee pads one near to the other , so she could have another clean one to pee on if she needed to during the day.After the tests came back from the Vet 's , we found out why she was peeing inappropriately -- her T4 levels were very high -- showing that she had Hyperthyroid . Once she went on her Hyperthyroid medication , the inappropriate peeing stopped . However , I keep the unused pee pads around , just in case . UPDATE -- yes she does occasionally go back to using themm . Think of them as ATTENDS for cats . They do what they are supposed to do and Ms Cee Cee faithfully uses them as she desires .
 Smiley Riley and Tinky Winky truly prefer this brand . I tried the cheapo Walmart brand and my little guys said `` No way Dad ''
 My 9 year old rescue dog Mugsy has been using these great wee-wee pads for one year . He circles the pad and makes his wee-wee . The pad is thick and I love the blue side . I know what side to use . Some pads I tried did not have the blue side and were very thin . These are thick . Once used I toss them in the garbage and we are done ! These were purchased thru Amazon.com . So convenient . They arrive in a few days .
 Very absorbent and satisfies the needs of a small dog who does n't get out much due to infirm elderly owner .
 These pads are attracting my puppies too well . They pitch a fit to come in from outdoors to wee wee . And their aim is not what I wish it were . Maybe when they get a little older but right now they are hitting the edge . It seems intentional . At least # 2 seems to be more under control as they hit the middle fine . Just wish they would learn that outdoors is even better.Finally , I find out why the edge . I have observed them actually aligning their noses with the middle of the pad . This of course puts their business ends at the edge of the pad . I wonder if there is something they smell exactly in the middle of the pad ? You hae to see them to realize the trouble they go to sniff out the exact middle . Still , great pads and according to the ad copy I am saving $ 6,940 + on each box of 150 . I soon will retire wo n't I ?
 Comes in really handy during the winter months when there 's tons of snow outside . I just put them down in the bathroom and the furkids know what to do !
 I have two little ones at home and this comes in so handy . Now that I have so many it is also saving me money always a good thing !
 What is promised was delivered , and very quickly too . It is a box and has wee-wee pads in it , there is no more wee-wee on the floor .
 We tried any training pads for our 2 dogs -LRB- a 5 lbs and a 7 lbs Maltese -RRB- , the best one we could find locally was the Arm & Hammer Ulta Absorbent Puppy Pads at Target for $ 14.29 -LRB- 50 pack -RRB- plus tax . These pads were very good , but they cost about 30 cents a pad.Arm & Hammer Floor Protection Pads , 50-CountWhen I first saw the Wee-Wee Housebreaking Pads I read all raving review about it , so I figured I might as well try it . I purchase the 150 pack for $ 39.47 tax free . That comes out to be 26 cents a pad , a saving of $ 6 over the Arm & Hammer.The pad may not look as thick as the Arm & Hammer pads , but it sure works just as well . The pad is very absorbent and unless the dogs pee right on the edge , there was no leakage . To prevent our dogs from peeing at the edge of the pad , we use theSecond Nature Dog Litter Pan Minature Breeds . Together with the Litter Pan and the Pad , this is the cleanest combo we ever had , and is very happy with the no mess option.My dogs are now 2 and 3 years old , and we 're still using the housebreaking pads for our little 5 lbs Maltese . Her tiny body ca n't hold it for more than 10 hours at a time . The Wee-Wee Housebreaking Pads is taking care of that worry for us . We no longer have to rush home if we ca n't make it back home fast enough . Overall , I highly recommend this product as you will get the best bang-for-your-buck !
 These are hands down the best puppy training pads on the market . I 've tried so many other pads because they were on sale , and they all left me disappointed . I highly recommend these pads even if you are n't training . I leave a pad in the bathroom while I 'm away so my dog can do her business . She never misses .
 These really come in handy during times of bad weather or for those times when you ca n't get take that `` wee wee '' walk . I keep these around all of the time . I 'll gladly reorder when my stash gets low .
 The pads look and feel better than other pads out there . However , they do leak occasionally . The dog has to pee int he center of it for there not to be any leaks . If it off center , then they leak . Otherwise , they are better than the petco made ones .
 My beagle is home all day , as I work some crazy hours . These pee pads are great ... they are not that big , but they hold a full days worth of pee . Sadie hits the pad everytime , therefore sparing the carpet
 excellent absorption ! i use the wee pads for an outdoor patio -LRB- apt -RRB- potty patch . makes for easy clean up . wee-wee pads make our house a happy home . 5 Stars
 This is the best puppy pad I 've ever used . I purchased OUT from Wal-Mart and was very unhappy with it , leaked out the side and poor quality -- uneven padding . The WeeWee pads are a quality , well-made product . The price ca n't be beat .
 This is a great product for my small house dog.They are a very good size and do not leak . I use them under some of my house plants too.The boxes come in great shape and I love the green method for shipping .
 We have been using this product for our small dog for over ten plus years with no complaints . It 's great
 These puppy pads are excellent . The size I purchased was the puppy size pads and it 's perfect for my little puppies - there 's enough room for them to circle around until they decide to go . Also , this is a great , great deal .
 My shih tzu 's are both potty pad and outside trained . Buying this product through Amazon has saved me a lot of money , and the product works really good . It would be nice if the pads were a little thicker , but they work .
 Pads work great - my puppy has quickly learned where to go to do his business . I beleve they have accelerated his housebreaking training .
 It 's great having these delivered to you instead of fighting crowds at the stores . Exactly the same as store products but much better price .
 they do what they have to do it isnt an item to rave about . its practical and for that im satisfied with the product
 All of my dogs have come from shelters , all have been girls , and all were potty-trained before I adopted them . But my first boy dog , a Shih Tzu puppy we named Chewie , was the exception . I tried every thing I could possibly think of and read every bit of advice onlinen , but I am a lousy teacher and could not help Chewie learn the concept . The wee wee pads solved everything.I place them in an inconspicuous area of the house , and he knew INSTANTLY what to do . The wee wee pads do not let odor permeate the air , and they absorb EXTREMELY WELL . I 've tried other brands , and they do not measure up to the quality of `` Four Paws '' brand.I can not even imagine how many animals wind up in our shelter system because they are n't properly taught to potty outside . I 've no doubt that Wee Wee Pads has helped hundreds of sweet animals remain in loving happy households.You would be TERRIBLY remiss to purchase them ANYWHERE other then Amazon . Wee Wee Pads cost a FORTUNE at stores such as Petco , which is where I had been buying them . You get a MUCH better deal when you order them through Amazon.com . Not only do they have the Four Paws brand Wee Wee Pads , but they have them in boxes of 150-pack counts . I 'm paying LESS and getting more product.Amazon
 I did n't expect these pads to be different . For some reason they are . I now put newspaper under all pads . Also I use phenome . Hope it keeps on working . My Baruch is around 14 pounds now . Seems more like a mini-poodle than the original toy poodle . Grew during his mature years . He 's 8.5 years old .
 I used this once and wish I could order again . It works well in keeping the liquid where it belongs .
 I have been spending a small fortune buying this brand of puppy pads at my local grocery store . . And could only get the 30 count package . Buy buying the 150 ct pkg i saved over $ 30 ...
 I was very happy to find the Four Paws Wee Wee Housebreaking Pads in an economical sized and priced package . They do the job very well and at an affordable price .
 I have three yorky / poodle mix dogs and one of them has the particularly strong urine , thank god he only uses the puppy pad ! Well , after switching to this brand , I actually have to be either right on top of the puppy pad to smell it or stand by it -LRB- depends on how much the little one has `` gone '' on it -RRB- . Before the cheaper brand I was using was n't very good at absorbing odors or the pee itself , so if your dog is not a wild urine gun from which there 's no salvation , this puppy pad will do just fine .
 This wee wee pad is good for absorbing fast and fairly good for odor control . I 've tried many brands and have only found one that was slightly better and definately higher priced . I will be ordering this product again . Very good value for the price .
 I purchased the pads to assist in housebreaking -LRB- 2 -RRB- puppies . The pads are ` super ' absorbent and fit the potty tray I have . Even after multiple ` goes ' , there is no moisture under the pad and , therefore , no additional cleaning . The price is better than comparable pads sold in local stores . I would definitely recommend as a good product at a great price .
 very very good price . saved SOOOO much by purchasing here . I use about 6 per week . They really absorb quite well and fluid does not carry across the edge . they are the best and I have tried many . I recc buying small and layering around , you will use fewer pads .
 I love these pads . It 's the only brand I use . My puppy -LRB- with proper crate training -RRB- always knows to use the bathroom on these pads now . It only took about 2 weeks for him to understand to eliminate on the pad . I thought maybe it was n't the pad , but the location of the pad , but when I took him to friends ' homes , he immediately knew where to go . The only downside would be a bad smell that comes off of it after it 's been soaked with urine . It 's not a urine smell , but probably the scent that 's built into the pad itself . If you have a trash can that has a lid , then you 're fine . Does not leak . I only need one pad for my 5lbs puppy . Larger dogs may need multiple pads laid down as it 's not that big .
 These pee pads do the job very well for my 10lb Chihuahua . I have n't found any brand that works better , and Amazon has the best price I 've found .
 Having many others I have settled on this brand because they are made well . I like the capisity and change pads almost every day . I have n't found any better and will continue to use the four paws wee wee pads.Amazon has become my go to place to find the best deals .
 They work amazingly well , they contain all of the urine and its smell . My dog uses it with no problem . Came withing two days and most affordable pee pee pads out there : -RRB-
 I have a shih tzu who lives by using the wee wee pads . Once in a while I have a problem with leakage , but unless something better comes on the market I do n't have a problem with it . Considering the price it 's a bargain .
 These are perfect for those times when you just ca n't get home for a while to take your dogs out . They absorb very well , and that keeps the wetness from getting on our dogs fur afterwards . usually our dogs will use the pad and then sweep it into the corner of the cage and lay on the dry ground and wait for us to clean it when we get home . Great for those pinch times when there is no other choice but to crate them ,
 I like this item because its as good as any puppy training pad on the market but the value is great and I love that i do n't have to order them as often .
 I have been using these pads for seven years and they are great -- they do what I need them to -LRB- soak up urine -RRB- and are reasonably priced -- what more can I ask for !
 Love the product , just need the bigger size , my mistake . Does n't quite fit the holder . Have 3 chihuahuas , have used for years , great for traveling -LRB- hotels -RRB-
 Of course we all wish our dogs would do their thing outside , but Four Paws is an excellent alternative . They are the thickest and most absorbent I have come across so far .
 These arrived so quickly I was thrilled and I had just changed over from OUT ! pads which I did n't mind but these seem to be a favorite of my poodle , she is far more attentive about never missing and using it more than once in a day . Incredible at soaking up and keeping it locked in , no leakage and controlling odor .
 These are the best pads I have used . So far no leaking through and they fit the Dogit Training Pad Holder perfectly .
 not only do i love the quality of these pads , you can not beat this price anywhere ... i know , i have looked !
 They are great not only for training a puppy but for your older dogs who can not get out as they used to . They are very absorbent . I have purchased them in the pet store before finding them here - but not for such a great price .
 We have 2 small indoor dogs that are trained to use these pads and they work great , maybe the people who wrote bad comments on here do not realize that you need to change the pad after heavy usage , otherwise moister will eventually seep through . The price online is great , even with shipping charges I still save a lot of money and it 's convenient .
 These pads are good . They absorb well and have not leaked through for me . The one thing I do n't like about them is the way they are folded . Sounds silly , but I have to unfold one every time my dog needs a new one . The way they 're folded makes the pad stick to itself really strangely and makes unfolding harder than it should be.I also did n't like that these pads were shipped to me in the wee wee pad box . A little more discretion would have been nice .
 As soon as I put it down , she went to the pad and smelled it and immediately ` went ' . Pretty amazing for a 3 month old Yorkie !
 I have a Yorkie who is used to do her things on the wee wee pad or when we walk her . So , far the wee wee pad works great for us . I change it twice but I have to says she is 4 pounds , but so far so good !
 My 12 year old dog has been trained on wee-wee pads since I brought her home at 8 weeks old . I 've gone through all sorts and all brands , and even tried that fake grass stuff -LRB- do n't do it - the grass really does end up holding onto urine and smelling , even if you rinse it through every few days . . -RRB- . But in the course of those 12 years , I 've gone through lots of brands . I like these because they are absorbant and they are sturdy . By `` sturdy '' I mean that when I unfold it and flip it out so I can lay it straight on the floor , it does n't rip or get distressed like some of the cheaper brands do.What I do n't like about these pads is that they 're just slightly too small for my preference . My dog is only 6 lbs , and I certainly do n't need the large version , but at 22 inches by 23 inches these are smaller than some of the brands that are 23 by 24 or 22 by 25 or whatnot . I know it seems like that should n't make a difference , but it actually seems to , and I notice my dog sometimes misses by just a bit with these -LRB- usually with # 2 - the pads are actually fine in stopping any seeping from actual `` wee '' -RRB- Nevertheless , I 'm sticking with this brand . They would be absolutely perfect if just an inch or two longer .
 Any size , any count per package of Wee Wee pads are the BEST on the market !!! Thicker than most , do n't tear easily , the larger ones truly ARE larger as specified , great for training that puppy of your with least amount of spills and mess . Best bet in pet pads !!!! C J Hoffman
 These work great . My older dog but would n't use the cheaper brands so I decided to try these . She actually uses them at night and they 're not a bad price . I highly recommend
 Love these , they have worked well for our American Bulldog puppy and we use these for crate liners and to line the 4x4 puppy pen we keep in our living room . I love that I can grab a stack and stick some in my car , in my bag , and everywhere else I take him and know that there will be an easy clean-up should my dog have an accident . Awesome value for the quality of these things !
 I buy this prod . for my 5lb . Maltese because shes a house dog . I ' t works perfectly . And I get better deals than in my local stores , even w / the shipping cost .
 ... because these are the best puppy pads we 've purchased . Have tried others and always come back to these . They 're well constructed and well-padded . Not to mention my little guy seems to think they 're just fine .
 I use these for my small dog and this price is the best I 've found anywhere . Love the quality and best of all , the price .
 These are nice thick pads and at a very reasonable price over what you can find at the pet sotres .
 These are the best I have found . Large , thick and easy to open . I will be re ordering these again !
 My Golden Retriever goes to the bathroom on this pad and it does n't leak through . He currently weighs 60 lbs .
 I have used other pad in the past and they would leak through or the dogs would go to the bathroom on the side of it . I ordered these pads because I saw a good deal on the 150 count . They are the same size as others and appear to be thin , but so far after clean up I have not seen anything leak through onto the floor . May be a coincidence but the dogs have not gone to the bathroom off the side and onto the blue strips around the side they actually go on the pad.I would definitely get these again hopefully by the time 150 are gone they will be on sale again .
 Most of the time they 're absorbent , but sometimes the pee ends up wetting the floor under the pad . I do n't quite understand how that happens since the pad is n't soaked . Will continue to use until I find something better .
 My puppy was just inconsistent with this . He 'd use it then not or just never . When he did it worked great held the pee and is very absorbent . The cost here is great compared to in store . Shipping is fine just a simple medium sized box . My pup had a pretty easy time shredding these when it came time . I have since moved to a grass pad and put these under it . Every now and then he 'll get to this and shred it otherwise i lift the grass toss the pad and put a new one in once a day . Makes for a great combination .
 I initially purchased these to potty train my Chihuahua puppies , who are 8 months now . I found these to be very absorbent considering it 's used by two dogs , sometimes three . My 3 year old Shih-Tzu was n't pad trained but she figured out what they were for right away . She is the only dog that 's allowed to sleep in our bed and when she has to go late at night she uses the pad that I leave out for the puppies . I 'm not fond of the high prices at PetSmart so I do n't shop there . Ordering online is very convenient plus they offer free shipping ! I 'm ordering another 150-pack box today .
 No joke . Since day one my dog has loved these pads . She pooped on it for once instead of the floor . It was nice . I 've tried everything with he , even the fake grass tray thing ... not to mention other pads . These by far are the best ! I swear my dog just drinks water so she can pee on them because i find myself replacing a 4 pads a day XDA bit about the pads . They are big ! Also they have indentions so that the cotton or whatever is in there is more evenly distributed . I have n't had a leak since and my dog likes using the corners .
 BEEN USING THEM FOR YEARS . BUYING IN THE 100 PACK MAKES IT EVEN EASER.THESE ARE THE BEST PADS EVER !
 These wee-wee pads are the best . We 've used others , but this is the only one that does not smell when our poodle uses the `` bathroom '' on them . I would recommend them to anyone who has small dogs that are totally in the house , especially in La. where our winters can be sometimes very wet and we do n't want On ` jel getting out in the wet , cold weather to use the bathroom . Great product.Four Paws Wee-Wee Pads 100 ea
 these pads fit perfectly in my pad holders they are thick and when you pick them up you do n't get pee on your hands
 Great product . Even though it 's thinner than other name brand 's that I 've bought from before . This one works better . More absorbant ! Highly recommend this brand .
 At first I was skeptical about these , but my lab puppy went on them most of the time . After he grew a little older , he started chewing on them instead of relieving himself on them :--RRB- They were indeed useful in house training our dog . I highly recommend them to anyone with young dogs .
 I 've been using wee wee pads of various brands for about 4 years now . I first trained my Havanese to use them as a puppy when I lived in a New York City apartment . I 've continued using them for convenience while I am working and because he prefers them to going outside in poor weather . I now have a second puppy who is also training on them.My absolute favorite brand of wee pads is called Paw Trax . They have an incredibly fast absorbing gel inside that nothing I 've found matches . I 've only found them online on two dog specialty websites , but they are pretty pricey at about $ .50 each ! Not wanting to break the bank , I went in search of other brands . At first I discounted Wee Wee Pads because my local pet superstore sold them at such an outrageous price that the Paw Trax were a better deal . Then , I found them on Amazon at a much better price , especially for the 100 pack.These pads , while not the best in my opinion , absorb fairly quickly and are more absorbent than some of the other bargain brands . The only problem I 've experienced with them is that sometimes the pee seems to expand fairly wide when it is absorbing , which means it 's only good for one use . Having two dogs , sometimes that means my second dog will not use the pad if I 'm not around to change it . Other than that issue , I 've never encountered anything else negative such as seeping through the plastic liner , etc.I 'm also fond of the Nature 's Miracle Advanced pads which are larger and better suited for multiple uses . While these do n't seem to absorb as quickly , they do n't expand out as much . That combined with their larger size makes them ideal for my multi-dog home . Had I only had a single dog though , they might be a bit too large unless I was planning on leaving them out for extended periods while away .
 Four Paws Wee-Wee Pads are Super Absorbent . My Poodle has been using them for the past 5yrs . When I first got him we were living in a condo in the Las Vegas and was much too hot for his paws to go out for `` potty breaks '' during the day . He got use to using Wee-Wee pads during the daytime and went out at night.We moved a few months later to a cooler climate but my work schedule was so chaotic that I never knew when I 'd be home to let him out . He was wee-wee pad trained . So I 'd leave a wee-wee pad out for those times when I could n't make it home in time or when he was on allergy medicine that made him drink more water than normal ... . and he 'd use them .5 yrs have past and I still leave one out for him but normally I return home to find it dry and I let him out and that 's that ... but for those times when I do find it wet or when he has been ill I 'm glad I left them there since I have little to no mess to clean . -LRB- Note
 Our dog has been using these pads for years . We originally got them because we lived on a busy street and did n't want to let her outside at night and risk she might run out in the street . Later , she developed diabetes and , with both of us working , she would have `` wee wee '' several times a day . These were a life saver . They are absorbant enough to both capture and keep everything in one spot -LRB- LOL ! -RRB- We highly recommened them .
 My former favorite pads were `` Clean Go Pet '' , but the cost with shipping became too expensive . The worst for odor and liquid absorption for me were the generic Petsmart pads . I 've tried many other brands and this was only the latest in my quest , but I am very happy I did . Unlike all the other pads I 've tried , these have a quilted top and the bottom does n't feel like plastic . It 's hard to describe . It 's plastic , but it has a texture to it , and it 's very nice . The pad feels thinner than the other pads I 've been using , but I think it 's because of the quilted top . As for absorption , it 's amazing . My little stinkers like to hit the edge often , and with other pads when I picked them up , underneath was always wet . It 's been a few weeks and I have yet to pick up one of these pads and find any wetness . I had intended to use up my old stock before using these , but once I tried them I keep using them .
 I am already on my 3rd bag of these . They 're good . I do n't have any leaking issues . My dog gets it automatically he needs to do his business on this too.No odors as well , unless you leave it out there for say 4-5 days , which you 're not supposed to because it gets flooded.While some other pads like little stinker , nature 's miracle does absorb better and more , they 're more expensive.This is cheap , and I prefer changing the pads more frequently than leaving them there for 7 days just because they can absorb more.I change them every 1-3 days depending.So for all of that , I 'd say this is very good .
 So many types of pads are junk or poorly made . I had experimented around and I was using -LRB- and very happy with -RRB- the Gridlock puppy pads . I was purchasing the 100 pack . Then I saw these Four Paws Wee Wee pads in the 150 pack for only 3 dollars more , so I decided to give them a try . I honestly ca n't say they 're better than the Gridlock pad , but I can say that they certainly seem to be equal in quality and absorbency.With purchasing of either of these pads on Amazon , the 100 pack of Gridlock pads figure out to about .36 cents per pad , these figure out to .25 cents per pad.I 'm very pleased and recommend them .
 I have always had small/tiny dogs that are house-trained as well as outdoor trained , so of course I have gone through an abundance of pee pee pads.These are of great quality . They are folded and packaged nicely , and when you unfold them , there is no tearing of the white absorbent part underneath -LRB- for some brands , when you unfold the wee wee pads , it will rip a little bit of the white absorbent part of the pee pee pad - not always a huge deal but it really should n't do that - and if it tears closer to the edge you might be a little concerned with some leakage -RRB- . Also , for this brand , the white absorbency part of the pad is uniform throughout the whole pad . For some cheaper brands , you will occasionally find a bare spot in that padding - and although the blue part underneath is a little more liquidproof , I do n't think it is failsafe . So it 's better for the absorbent padding to be uniform.Happy when I can buy this brand !
 We love Wee Pads . No leakage , thick and each pad comes out in a neat , compact fold . The 150 count gets us through about 3 months this time of year . However , we are looking forward to spring/summer to cut down on use.They come in a durable box and arrived in good condition .
 We have been using various brands of training pads for 10 years . Nowhere have I found a more durable , absorbent and affordable brand of pads than these . We have four small dogs who do n't always get to get outside during the day . These pads handle their needs wonderfully , with no leaking through and plenty of thickness to absorb a day 's worth of pee stops.Look at the other reviews -- these are definitely the BEST!Wee - Wee Housebreaking Pads for Dogs , 150-Pack
 These are the best wee wee pads I 've ever used . I found that I had to double up cheaper brands otherwise the urine would go right through it . These are very sturdy and never leak . It would be nice if they were a little larger -LRB- since my dog sometimes pees on the edge of them and it winds up going under the pad -RRB- , but they do the trick . Four Paws makes an extra large , but I have n't been able to find a reasonable price for a large box of them .
 We 've been using these pads for close to a year now . We have two Chihuahuas and two Yorkies , all under 5 lbs . Other reviews indicate that the pads have changed and do n't work as well as they used to , but I have no complaints . Specifically , complaints have been made about the edges being more absorbent in the past . The only time we have issues with the edges is when one of our little guys does n't get far enough in on the pad . We have tried the trays and the 3-sided device to help them aim , but none of the dogs liked either of those . The box of 150 pads lasts us between 3 and 4 months . These pads work great . It 's true that you get what you pay for , and these are the best deal of all the pads available on Amazon .
 I have tried other brands & other discount bargain offers , none of them compare with weewee pads . The only thing i think can of would be to improve on the size , make them a little larger .
 These wee wee pads are the best I have ever purchased - I take in abused dogs who have not yet been housebroken and these pads are fantastic . I highly recommend them !!
 I have been purchasing this product for over a year now andfind they are the best around . They absorb so well . I havea toy poddle and she is inside all the time . Fantasic product
 My family just got a new puppy and needed some puppy pads so I went to the local store and purchased the Wee-wee pads there . They were very expense - $ 30 for a box of 50 . I found this box of 150 for only $ 10 more and within 2 days it arrived . The pads work great and for an excellent price . I 'd love to help out the local businesses but when they gouge you in pricing , the best place to shop is always Amazon .
 Not as absorbant or thick as some of the other brands , but it does the job it is supposed to .
 I 've tried many brands of puupy pads for my indoor Yorkies and these are the best ! Great size , quality , and price .
 These pads are better than a lot out there . The main difference is that these only have about a 1 inch border where I 've used others with as much as a 3 inch border . That takes away a lot of surface area for your dog to target . I 've used others that are difficult to unfold -LRB- padding sticks together -RRB- . These are easy.I was at a large pet store -LRB- P E T C O -RRB- yesterday and saw 150 ct box selling for over seventy dollars . Are people actually paying that much ?!?! If so , then these are a GREAT DEAL !
 THE PADS DO WHAT THEY SAY , NOTHING MORE OR LESS . DO N'T GET ALL CAUGHT UP IN THE 10X STATEMENT , PADS ARE PADS .
 These pads are great . Took me about a week to train my puppy to pee and poop on them . Now no `` surprises '' around . Super absorbent with no leakage . Very satisfied and I would recommend them to anyone .
 The pads work very well . Super absorbant polymers work really well ; although it the speed of the absorption does take a little time . The capacity is impressive . We poured a full glass of water on it and it slowly absorbed all without wetting the carpet below . Now if only we could get our puppy to pee on iton a side note
 I live in New York City , and decided to pad train my Yorkie mix . I 've tried several brands and these are among the best . They are absorbent , do n't leak , and lay flat . Petco brand is actually my favorite because they are a bit more substantial , but the price and convenience of getting these on Amazon makes up for any difference .
 After trying a number of different pads over the past four years , we have found these to be the best choice . These pads are sturdy , do not leak , and are priced well . I 'm not saying I 'd ever try to use them myself , but in a pinch they just might do the trick .
 Product is sturdy for home yet packs nicely for trips - a valuable item in any place if animal trained early .
 A great package at a great price , this wee wee pads container helps our family with our house trained shia-poo , Money , who only uses these for his business . Highly recommended .
 I have purchased various types of pee pads from the big name pet stores and had varying success with them . For example , some of the best I have ever used were the Nature 's Miracle ones because they were so durable and and absorbent . However , they were extremely expensive for the small number of pads you received . That prompted me to give these a test one day and I thought they were just a notch below some of the best ones I have used . These are much cheaper though and for the price-to-performance value , I can not find a better pee pad.The performance of these pads is very good . The pad itself is n't particularly thick , but it absorbs liquid very well . There are times that my dog uses it and the underside feels heavy and thin , but I have yet to experience leakage . It must be said that I have three Chihuahua , so this may not exactly be true for larger dogs that excrete more liquid . As for dealing with feces , they work as expecting and do n't allow leaking for those not-so-solid times.There is no odor blocking element with these pads , so if you are looking for something with that , you may want to look elsewhere . As for the size of the pads , they are more than enough to leave a small dog while at work , but if you have a larger dog -LRB- or a few like me -RRB- , I would recommend putting two down next to each other.Overall , I highly recommend these pads because they get the job done and are inexpensive . If you are looking for odor reducing , extra thick or something like Nature 's Miracle that offers a pad treated with a scent to attract dogs to use it , look at other pads . However , for everyday use , these are great pads .
 My puppy loves these pads . These are great . I love the fact that absorb quickly and it helps in the winter when it is too cold to take her out
 My 17 year old cat has taken to urinating in front of her pristinely maintained litter box ... who knows &#8230; she * is * a cat and in cat years is 75 . She also wants to drink only running water from the bath room sink with me there for company , preferably at 3AM . MEYOWEL ! &#8230; come here now and turn on my personal drinking fountain . .
 They are very absorbant and the price here on Amazon is great . I 've tried other brands bought locally and they simply do n't compare . I am very happy with these pads and I will only use this brand going forward .
 I love these pee pads , but I hate the fact my spoiled little fur child insists on using them in lieu of going outside . But , if you have a spoiled rotten adult dog , or a mess of puppies , these are a good choice .
 I had been using another brand , but my one year old Shih Tzu was not learning to use them even though I have and older dog to help with the training . Since using the Four Paws brand for several months now , NO MORE ACCIDENTS !! The ad says there is an attractant built into the pad and I think that is the difference . Great product !!
 They come in their own box so there is no unnecessary tree burden and the product is fantastic . If your pup can aim in the middle the wee wee pads will do great until your pup is house broken .
 I have tried several brands of pads for my dogs . I always come back to these . They are the best for the money .
 Great Product for the price but I have to change my maltese 's pad about 5 or 6 times a day . She will not use it after she has went on it over 2 or 3 times . I do n't blame her it really gets soggy and really smells bad ! Overall better than most I have tryed for the money and this is my 3rd . box so that should tell you something .
 This was the first brand I bought , so I did n't have anything to compare them to at first . So my first reaction was they work just fine . Sine then , I 've tried a few other brands which have leaked right through or wicked liquid underneath . These are far better . So , I 'd say , go with these , even if the others are a little cheaper because you wo n't end up wasting your time cleaning the floor . My dog is now house broken , but we keep a few around for rainy/stormy days , when it 's just not practical to go outside .
 as my puppy is small size -- multipoo , so i keep her pee and poo inside house using this pad.amazon saves me not a small amount of money comparing to PETCO or other local pet stores considering my puppy needs 2-3 sheets each day.the delivery is perfect too , i guess this product will be my regular purchase at amazon , for a long time .
 I have tried many brands of wee wee pads , and I find these to be the best . No leak through , and they control odor better than any other brand . I will definitely buy again .
 These pads are thicker and more absorbent than some the cheaper brands . Slightly more expensive but a good value . I 'll buy them again .
 Anyone who 's had to purchase training pads knows these things can get expensive ! This was a great deal ! The pads fit great over the pad holder . If puppy has been holding it for a long time , the pad may not absorb fast enough before she gets her paws into it but overall I am very satisfied with the quality and the price .
 Nothing to say . Item is exactly what is listed and does what it says it does . Cheaper than buying at a pet store .
 These are the best puppy pads you can buy . I have tried them all it seems . This can hold alot of fluid and you do n't have to change them as much . Have a great day .
 I have used these wee wee pads for two months now . I have found them to be the best.I would recomened them to any owner looking for indoor training-great for apartment training also .
 These potty pads are wonderful , great size , very absorbent !! My dogs loves theseThey protect my floors well.The price is right also
 This brand of pads are the best that I have tried . I recently purchased a different brand because of the pricing and I will never make that mistake again . They leak through and I was cleaning up the mess every time , might as well have nothing . So I had to double them up = paying more for them in the end.I have always used this brand and am sticking with it from now on .
 The shopping and ordering were seamless . The item was as described and fully met my expectations . I was very pleased .
 I do not remember anymore how many boxes I have ordered . I just have to keep reordering because this is really an absorbent product without leaks and works well for small to medium dogs . Shipping is also very fast !
 I have a small dog who goes potty in an area in the house . I use these pads regularly and find they work fine and are a good value .
 I have tried others but prefer these to those . . They are absorbent and I find they fit in the pad tray better than others .
 Will not use any other type of pad . I have tried the cheap and the expensive and none match up to these . Would recommend to everyone .
 These pads do as well as any we have used at a much lower cost per pad . We have a small dog that is trained to use the pads exclusively . I would buy them again .
 My cat loves this product . I have never had any problems with him eating this and I know he 's getting well balanced food .
 My cats are 7 and 8 years old and I have been feeding them this food since they were kittens . I am thankful they were on this when the poisoning happened in pet foods produced using ingredients from China . This was one of the few that was never recalled or caused losses of cherished pets . I did try Blue Buffalo for a couple of bags but the girls did not like it as much and it was very expensive by weight and price compared to Chicken Soup . Ingredients are better I think in Chicken Soup also .
 After doing extensive research I discovered that this brand of cat food is far and away the most nutritious cat food and does n't break the bank .
 We have a wonderful tabby who is about 11 years old now . She was occasionally vomiting so we tried a few different kibble foods . Then we thought to look on Amazon and came upon this product . Impressive ingredient list , much better than what we were buying . Reading the reviews , we decided to try it . She loves it , and her vomiting has significantly reduced . Her eyes are clear and her coat is silky and shiny . The 18 pound bag lasted three months , which seems more economical than what we were buying before . We are so impressed that we are going to try their dog food for our rottie .
 I got this brand because this is what my cat had at the orphanage -- where I originally was blessed by him -- 2 years ago . However , upon first inspection , I was surprised by the small size of the cat food . Other food brands this size have been thrown up . The original I purchased was a larger star shape -- and I think it was a ` light ' version , so that was my mistake . But -- thankfully -- he LOVES this brand and eats it right up along with his wet food . The dry is set aside as extra and mixed with the dental treats he also loves . Since my cat is a grazer -- there is no problem with over eating . But this cat food is well received and now a favorite in this household .
 My cats love this food.Their eyes are bright and their coats could n't be shinnier.I like this food better then Blue Buffalo cat food and so do they .
 It was a good item , and a good decision to buy . I recommend this for people who are on a budget . This is much better than the store bought cat food , which has no nutrition value .
 Our cat , Max , has been on this cat food for about a year and his health improved dramatically after just 2 weeks!Prior to purchasing this brand , he had weepy eyes , dull fur and was starting to gain weight.His eyes cleared within days and have had NO issues since . He slimmed down to his appropriate weight and his grey fur is glossy and feels like silk . He is more playful and happy.I swear by this brand and highly recommend it !
 This seems to be a high quality and nutritious dry food . Good ingredients no unhealthy fillers . My cat is healthy and happy . My issue is with Amazon.com and the manor they stall shipping paid merchandise . My order sat in their warehouse for 3 business days before they shipped it out . I 'll never order from their warehouse again . Other sellers ship same or next day for about the same price . Poor ! Poor ! Poor ! customer service from amazon .
 Living in a small apartment is difficult for an indoor cat that ca n't get much exercise . I was already using the regular Chicken Soup cat food for my kitty , but when she began to gain weight , I ordered the light food and found that her weight is maintained now in healthy proportions . Highly recommend !
 My cat does love this food . I find that his coat and demeanor has been better since switching him , and the huge bag size is great . One thing I am comfortable with is the idea that this is not made in China , and therefore the chance of contamination or recalls is reduced -LRB- one would hope -RRB- .
 All four of my cats seem to really like this food and the `` X '' shape makes it easy for them to chew . I have been ordering this item from Amazon for almost half a year and the bags and food always arrive in good shape . I suspect the company had a temporary manufacturing problem near the end of last year , as I purchased a bag at a local pet store around that time and had the disintegrating problem the other reviewer referred to . I had not encountered that problem before that point and have n't encountered it since , so I will continue to buy this food for my cats .
 Have three cats and they all love it . The light version has kept the trio lean . They were getting on the round side earlier in the year . Their coat is much softer , too . Not an expert in the area , just observing .
 I 've been using this cat food for my indoor and outdoor cats for a few months . I switched down from a crazy expensive food , but still wanted to give them the best I could afford . They like it , their coats and health seem good and the list of ingredients are recommendable . The store owners even seem to know that this is a good product . My biggest positive is the large x shape kibble forces the cat to crack it with the back teeth . This keeps gums healthy and they are not swallowing hard kibble whole ! Bag is fresh and tight , kibble always smells good and gets my kitties running into the kitchen !
 I thought it would be helpful to compare the top 25 ingredients of the three Amazon Prime eligible Chicken Soup for the Cat Lover 's Soul formulas . This brand is produced by Diamond Pet Foods , the company that makes : Canidae Pet FoodCostco 's Kirkland SignatureSolid Gold Health Products for PetsDick Van Patten 's Natural Balance Pet FoodsKirkland Signature Nature 's Domain -LRB- Available only at Costco -RRB- Taste of the Wild Pet FoodsChicken Soup for the Pet Lover 's Soul4Health -LRB- Available only at Tractor Supply Company -RRB- NutraGold Super Premium Holistic FormulasAll of these pet foods -LRB- even the Costco brand -RRB- are considered top notch and use high quality ingredients . There is no cheap corn meal filler -LRB- as seen in Iams and Science Diet -RRB- and the first filler is cracked pearled barley at ~ # 3 and white rice at ingredient # 6 . Kitten ; Adult ; Adult Lite34 % Protein 22 % Fat ; 30 % Protein 20 % Fat ; 32 % Protein 9 % FatChicken ; Chicken ; Chickenchicken meal ; chicken meal ; chicken mealturkey meal ; cracked pearled barley ; cracked pearled barleychicken fat ; chicken fat ; turkey mealcracked pearled barley ; turkey meal ; powdered cellulosewhite rice ; white rice ; white ricepea protein ; potatoes ; potatoespotatoes ; oatmeal ; oatmealoatmeal ; millet ; milletmillet ; natural chicken flavor ; chicken fatnatural chicken flavor ; salmon ; natural chicken flavorocean fish meal ; turkey ; salmonsalmon ; duck ; turkeyturkey ; ocean fish meal ; duckduck ; flaxseed ; ocean fish mealflaxseed ; sodium bisulfate ; flaxseedsalmon oil ; egg product ; sodium bisulfateegg product ; DL-methionine ; egg productpotassium chloride ; potassium chloride ; potassium chlorideDL-methionine ; choline chloride ; DL-methioninesalt ; dried chicory root ; choline chloridecholine chloride ; taurine ; dried chicory roottaurine ; dried kelp ; taurinedried chicory root ; carrots ; dried kelpdried kelp ; peas ; carrotsOur cats have gone through all three varieties and seem to like the adult formula the best . We noticed they seem to eat less when they are fed this high quality food and the begging for food in the morning has stopped . This is the most inexpensive quality pet food I could find anywhere , and with Amazon 's free two day shipping , ordering a new bag is very convenient .
 Previously our cat was on the regular adult cat food before she got fat . I 'm talking ... obese . She looked like a small whale . It 's hard to exercise our cat so we got this food . She had lost the extra weight in 3 months . Now she is at a healthy weight and her coat is just as beautiful and soft as before . I love the wholesome ingredients and nutrition in the Chicken Soup foods . I recommend them to all of my pet-parent friends .
 Our extremely picky cat loves this -LRB- all 3 cats love it , but the picky one liking a food is a rarity -RRB- . She seems to produce fewer hairballs as well . Not only is this food rated 4-5 stars on most pet food websites for nutritional value , but it 's one of the more reasonably priced foods . $ 29 for 18 lbs is a good deal when other brands of similar quality are asking $ 30 for 11 lbs .
 My cat was a rescue who came to us from the shelter with another food , one that has a LOT of name recognition and is very widely touted by veterinarians who sell it . When that food was running low , I decided to research things before buying her any more . I 'm glad I did my homework ! This food -LRB- Chicken Soup etc. -RRB- was one of the highest-rated dry foods for nutrition on more than one independent website , so I decided to take a chance on it . We just started gradually switching our cat over to this a couple of days ago , and she is already picking around in her bowl to eat these nuggets first , leaving the other stuff behind in her bowl for later . It 's too early to tell if she will have behavior changes due to the switch , but it 's enough for me to know that she obviously likes this new food better .
 My four cats love this food . They are happy and healthy and look forward to every meal . I 'm happy their getting the nourishment they need .
 I love this stuff . Grocery store cat food constantly gave my poor kitty stomach troubles and he was always going to the vet . After I switched food , no more stomach problems and no more vet visits . Sure the food is a little pricey , but it 's a lot cheaper than going to the vet all the time .
 Fits the crate perfectly , soft bedding for the puppy . Great product and received in a timely manner . Recommend product and seller .
 I have a cat and a dog that both sleep in crates at night . I find my cat often curled up in her crate when I am using these pads -LRB- or in the dog 's crate if he 's the only one that has one at the time -RRB- . I found that the sizes were a little off for the plastic crates that I have for them , but this size fits perfectly when folded in half and gives them a little extra padding as well.The fuzzy side can sometimes be a little warm for my Maltese -LRB- who has a very hot nature -RRB- but this is also true with terry cloth towels , he gets hot with practically anything next to him . He does enjoy the padding and does n't paw at it -LRB- like he does with other crate pads or towels -RRB- or fuss to get out of his crate before it 's time , even when he is sleeping warmer .
 This collar stretches ALL OVER , not just at the buckle.Premier Twice as Nice Kitty Collar Deep PurpleThese are FAR SUPERIOR to the collars with just two strings of elastic at the buckle . This means that is easily expands no matter where on the collar it is caught and the cat or kitten has plenty of room to slip out . I had heard horror stories , possibly apocryphal , about cats getting caught on fence tops and strangling . This collar would not have allowed that as it really does make enough room to pull the head out , and the buckle also releases easily . I searched all over until I found these and would n't buy any other kind for my precious fur-friends . These are adjustable and comfortable for the cats , and I know they are SAFE . I have had cats wear these for years and they still retain their stretch . I love all the color choices , too .
 This collar has worked well so far . My cat is an escape artist when it comes to collars but she has n't lost this one yet . She has scratched it a bit so it is looking a little ragged , but they warn you about that and give you instructions on how to prevent it . I just chose not to worry about it.Overall , I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 I purchased two of these for my cats . I like that they are stretchy and have a safety breakaway clasp . They are also adjustable in length which is convenient since I have a growing 8 month old cat who is still learning how to wear a collar , so I can adjust it as he grows . I removed the bell because I have four very rambunctious cats and it would drive me crazy to hear them coming and going all day and night -LRB- it was very easy to remove -RRB- . The only minor negative thing about this collar is that as the cat scratches at it , as they occasionally do , the fabric gets a bit `` nubby '' for lack of a better word . I got the purple one and the black one and I was very happy with both colors .
 This collar stretches ALL OVER , not just at the buckle.Premier Twice as Nice Kitty Collar GoldThese are far superior to the collars with just two strings of elastic at the buckle . This means that is easily expands no matter where on the collar it is caught and the cat or kitten has plenty of room to slip out . I had heard horror stories , possibly apocryphal , about cats getting caught on fence tops and strangling . This collar would not have allowed that as it really does make enough room to pull the head out , and the buckle also releases easily . I searched all over until I found these and would n't buy any other kind for my precious fur-friends . These are adjustable and comfortable for the cats , and I know they are SAFE . I have had cats wear these for years and they still retain their stretch . I love all the color choices , too .
 I bought this collar for my outdoor cat on the advice of my Vet . Years ago he made me promise NOT to collar my cat because far too often cats get hung up on trees or fences and strangle themselves . The last time I was in for an appointment they told about the Twice As Nice collars . The first thing I noticed was the stretchy band . It is an amazing , simple feature that allows an animal to simply `` fall out '' of the collar if they become caught . It also has the breakaway clasp which works great for larger cats . Put the 2 features together and you end up with the world 's safest collar . My boy has been wearing his for over a month and it does n't bother him at all . He does n't even seem to notice it . I thought that he might come home without it on but that has n't happened . This is a great product at a decent price and provides me peace of mind . I would definitely recommend it .
 WONDERFUL PRODUCT - HAVE ORDERED SEVERAL BEFORE - EVERYTHING IS EXCELLENT - QUALITY , SHIPPNG , PRICE , ETC. . I WILL BE ORDERING MORE ! THANK YOU !
 Our lil fuzzbutts prefer Nutri-Cal over Ferretvite . This is also the best price I 've found anywhere . Great way to get some sugar in your babies when they 're sick .
 I love using theTomlyn Nutri-Cal Dietary Supplement for Ferretsfor my ferrets . They seem to like it best out of all Nutri-cals presented to them . It is wonderful to help as an additional supplement as well as help prevent hairballs . A must for any ferret owner !!
 i bought this before i thoroughly researched proper diets for ferrets - which is basically anything made of raw meat with a proper balance of organs - i used this when switching my ferret from kibble to an all raw diet and it did the trick . i slowly added less and less of this to the mix until we didnt require it at all.when i read the ingredients i almost threw it out because ferrets can not digest vegetable matter . BUT ... . i did keep it because i planned on getting another ferret and figured i would need it again . sure enough , six months later i adopted a neglected/abused/misunderstood fear biter who was surviving off Frosted Mini Wheats ... I used Nutrical to correct that potentially fatal mistake.I still have the first tube of Nutrical and dont use it much anymore . but who knows ... i may give it to someone who needs to help their ferret get on a better diet.i dont know anyone who has personally used this so i dont know what long term effects it might have due to the ingredients being everything a ferret should NOT eat . like i said , i was a novice when i bought it . but , Four stars for helping me get my ferrets off the Killer Kibble Diet . Minus One star for this being ferret junk food lolstill , i guess its better than feeding them gummi bears and breakfast cereal : /
 Comes with everything they mentioned ... a great start . I allready had the hermits but needed a few things in this kit and its cheaper buying them like that !
 I really liked this starter set-much cheaper than buying each piece seperately . The coconut house opening was too small for my hermit crabs . They love climbing the wall-make sure the lid is on or they will escape !
 I have been using this Bio Spot Pyrethrin Flea & Tick Dip now for about 3months . I have 2 long hairs -LRB- one being a himalayan with very thick fur ! -RRB- and I have had no problems with fleas any longer ! I was having quite the battle and after finally winning the war and spending a fortune bombing the house etc. . . I have finally found the perfect solution for the furry critters ! This works soooo well ! The cost is minimal , especially since you only need about 15cc of the dip mixed with a gallon of warm water , the bottle lasts awhile . I dip both cats with the same solution and I usually dip the cats every 3 weeks . This leaves their fur really soft and with a nice clean scent , not a heavy medicinal pesticide smell ... eeewww ! I also use , in conjuction with the Dip , the Flea capsule from Little City Dogs with the Nitenpyram , the same as the Capstar , but for much less cost . I have my Himalayan groomed all the time and have not had any comments of fleas being on him . WAHOOOO !!! This stuff is GREAT !!!!
 VERY STRONG AND CONCENTRATED . WAS GOOD ENOUGH FOR MY 3 CHIHUAHUAS AS A MATTER OF FACT I NEED MORE ...
 Depending on the level of fleas on your pet , or in the pet 's environment - this does the trick . I have had to redip in 2-4 weeks as the fleas are not killed out of the house yet .
 I like the Bio Spot Dip because it Works well on dogs and cats and has a pleasant smell which is much more pleasing than others we have tried .
 These are the only diapers I could find that were really small enough for our two-pound chihuahua.They work great !
 I bought 1 for my Service Dog for when she is in heat , I buy Feminine Hygiene pads -LRB- Poise -RRB- & use them with this bladder control garment for doggy heat & it works like a charm , only problem was that when it was in the wash my doggy had to be locked in the bathroom until the laundry was done so I bought an extra . The only Con is the sewing does not hold up well with repeated washing 's & Velcro is cheap & wears out after about 6 to 9 months but I can sew & its not a problem & I plan to buy more .
 Our 14-yr old puppy has Cushing 's Disease , which has as one of its symptoms , urinary incontinence . We need a handy way of preventing `` accidents '' inside the house . This , combined with either doggy napkins , baby diapers , or feminine napkins does a pretty good job of `` protection '' . The pants are easy to put on , easy to wash , and seem pretty sturdy , and they stay on . Recommend them if you have this kind of development with your dogs .
 5 star . Our vet recommended this product for our 8 year old male Golden Retriever . He had some stomach issues at the time and was a little over weight . We switched from Eukanuba . Since changing , the stomach issues have never come back , and he is at normal weight now .
 When we adopted our dog six months ago , we went to both the local big box pet store and the boutique store in our neighborhood to read the ingredient labels of every bag of dog food . We knew we had to make an informed choice up front since it is so hard to change your dog 's diet , especially when she is in that nervous phase between shelter life and home life . We found that the Pinnacle brand had the greatest balance of nutrition and edibility -LRB- i.e. actual food ingredients that would be easy to digest -RRB- . Our dog loves it so far , it keeps well in our storage bin and all around it is nice to feed our dog something that we know is giving a solid nutritional foundation every day.As a side note , this food is also a great size to use for training and to put inside chew toys . We found that some of the kibble size of some of the other brands were a little too big for this sort of use .
 I made the mistake of feeding my dogs a lot of people food over the years . I wanted to get them back on crunchy food to clean their teeth , and to make sure they are getting balanced nutrition . The problem is that they now turn their noses at even many of the better dog foods . I got a sample of this dog food to try , and they will even eat it like dog treats . Your mileage may vary , so it is best to try with a smaller bag to make sure that your dogs actually like it . However , it is worth a try !
 This food is good quality , but very expensive . Helped my dog with his sensitive stomach and so I will continue to use it .
 if i had the time , i would cook peoplegrade food for my 3 retrievers . since i do n't have that luxury , pinnacle is the next best thing . my golden has a small liver so he 's got a sensitive digestive system . the other 2 retrievers just love the taste ! people are always commenting on their soft , sleek coats . the yard is also easier to clean : -RRB-
 Wife 's dog has been a notoriously picky eater . Over the past 7 years we have seen her try one thing after another until this brand - she has been on it for about 1.5 years now and never grows tired of it .
 I have a parson Russell terrier , who was a very picky eater . After trying numerous different dry foods , he loved this one . It was recommended to me by my vet . I mix it with a little bit of wet food and he finishes the meal . Very happy
 My chocolate lab puppy is killing this product . His 8 week visit he was 11 lbs and yesterday i took him for his 10 week appt and he is now 16.1 lbs . Thanks pinnacle!Update dog is now 7 months and still on product he is still loving this food and acts like it is filet everytime .
 hampster loved it . was easy to see him in it and to get him out of it to . easy to clean and take apart and put together .
 My son 's hamster loves nesting in his new look-out which is now his favorite hangout . However , one has to make sure the lid is securely fastened because I thought I had closed it tightly and later discovered it was not latched completely . Needless to say , the hamster used this opportunity to escape and was busy exploring the house until we found him .
 With this item , you get exactly what you see -LRB- which was great for the price -RRB- . Came with instructions on how to put together , so assembly was a cinch . Easy to clean which means me and my hammy sure do love it ! : -RSB-
 When I put this on the cage the hamster started using it as his Penthouse!Put some bedding in and he loved it . He likes being able to look out at the cats and dogs and wiggle his whiskers at them knowing he is safe from them . Like the fact that the top `` locks '' down -LRB- there is a small ridge to push it past -RRB- so other animals ca n't remove the top .
 Love it . the lid has a lock device that will make sure your pet does not come out , air holes for it , and enough space for them .
 This is a nice little look-out for your critters . The top locks/unlocks by turning . This allows for easy cleaning . Definitely worth the price I paid at Ozbo through Amazon .
 This is a fantastic add-on for my hamster cage . Aside from a wet tail scare because I did n't realize that I should put some bedding up there for her , she loves it . It 's a little hard to clean sometimes , but clicks onto the cage well . Also , keep an eye on the top cuz it does unscrew easily and you would n't want your little one escaping !
 I took one of two of the tubes out and only use it with the one bending tube . My black bear hamster loves it ! She usually makes her nest in it and cuddles up . I do n't recommend using it with all of the tubes though -- at most just one and the bending tube . That 's the only reason I gave it 4-stars instead of 5 . But really , you can just use the other tubes for other attachments or entertainment in your hamster 's cage . S
 I actually bought this because I wanted to remove the water bottle from the CritterTrail Three but did n't have anything to close the hole . Might as well buy an expansion kit , since no closures were sold at the pet store . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the plastic . My CritterTrail Three is made of cheap brittle plastic . This plastic is much more durable . It 's attractive , was easy to put together and the hamsters seem to enjoy it.One issue I want to address , since so many people have given negative ratings for this issue , is the stability factor . The middle tube has an up side and a down side . The down side slides into the cage from above . The up side keeps the tube from sliding all the way in and provides stability for the structure to keep if from falling over . If it is put together incorrectly , it will be unstable.Also , this type of expansion kit would not work well coming out the side of a cage . It was designed to drop down from the ceiling . If you do n't have anymore open options on the top of your cage , do n't buy this kit.I have Winter White hamsters and they both seem to like exploring their new lookout . Actually , the sides are high , opaque and the dome does not allow them to look anywhere but up . It 's more of a look-in ... as in we look in .
 This is a great expansion for any cage ! It does not come with instructions but if you look at one of the pieces it has extra plastic rings in the middle of it , put this in the hole you are adding the expansion on too , take the J shaped piece and from inside the cage with a O ring on it , snap them together -LRB- WARNING -RRB- it will be hard to get them back apart without taking the top of the cage off and alittle work . But the top of the lookout comes off and allows you to have even easier access to play with your pet . As bad as a pun as it is , I really wanted to say play with your little critters , LOL . Oh and if you try to put it on the side of the cage , OFCOURSE you are going to have issues with keeping it upright . it does not really attach that way , it is mean to the top , or for adding into a more stable section of a expansion .
 My daughter 's hamster began chewing on the original `` look-out '' -LRB- which our hamster used as a bed . -RRB- that came with the hamster cage and figured out how to release the hatch and climb out.This has been a sure fix . There is more room for him and his bedding and the screw top design has stopped any more escape attempts . It 's dirt cheap and attaches easily to Habitrail cages . Since we already had the tubes with our cage , we 've just used the ones that came with this kit to attach the outhouse we purchased.I should mention that we have one of the Habitrail Z cages . It is designed for holding up the '' look-out '' . This may explain why the previous reviewer had problems with theirs not standing by itself . Though , I could imaging that attaching a small bungee from it to the cage may solve this problem . Or , you do n't have to stand it upright . Put a T-tube at the end and put it on the top of the T-tube . Then add a small bubble at the tip to prevent the hamster from escaping . Also , If you do n't make sure the top is securely on , the hamster could pop the top off .
 my baby Sonic , love his look out tower , there 's where he hides all his food Lol and he likes to be running up and down , everytime he hears me opening the door he goes up there to say hi !!!!!!!!!!!
 I have a Carefresh Cube Cage that does not have a top hole for dropping this in . So , I needed an extra connector ring to attach this to the hole in the side of my cage . As a remedy I took out the short , middle tube and used that connector ring to attach to my cage . Other than a shorter ride to the top , it 's fine . Snuffy loves the tower . She sleeps in it every day . Bedding does fall down the tube , but she seems to get past it to get out . I 've never seen her get stuck because of that issue.The problem I had with the tower is strictly because I am unable to connect it to a top hole in the cage . Mine can only come out the side hole and up the outside of the cage . Logically , because of this the tower is top heavy whenever Snuffy is in the top , and it falls over and usually causes the connector ring to the cage to come unseated and fall off . Again , this is NOT a design flaw . It 's because I have a different brand cage that does n't allow for a top hole connection . I would have returned it due to this issue , but she loves it so much that I just jerry rigged it . I used clear packing tape around the tubes and taped it to the cage so that it 's secure and ca n't tip over -LRB- kind of like a bungy contraption -RRB- . I also taped the lid because although it screws on , it 's pretty loose and can twist off easily if you have a clever hammy . It looks a tad goofy with the tape , but it 's added room to the cage and she really does love it . So , it stays , tape and all . Hope this helps for others looking to buy this or thinking about returning due to similar issues .
 I bought this as an add on for the Critter trail primary habbitat . I used it to plug the hole where the water bottle originally went . I did not use all three sections of tube , I only used the `` j '' tube and the blue tube . The red tube , I used as a link from the Critter trail Primary habitat , to the Critter trail one level habitat . It worked out great that way , and saved me from having to buy a single piece of tube for 4.00 to connect the two cages.As far as the product itself goes , it is stable and the lid attaches very securely all the way around . My hamster loved to go up there and curl up and sleep ... he never brought any bedding up there , so I did it for him ... then he refused to go up there ... so I removed the bedding ... and now he likes to go up there and curl up and sleep ... It is his home , so I guess if thats the way he wants it , and if he is happy , then I am happy !
 This product is very straight forward . You connect it to the side of the cage and watch your hamster climb up to the top . It 's up to your hamster whether it likes it . I have 2 winter whites . One loves it and the other never touches it . I tried putting some bedding in there but they just end up falling down the tube , which can be good and bad . One caution is that it 's very hard to take the tube out once it 's connected to the tower top . Depending on the quality of your tubes , the setup might be a little flimsy for some people 's taste but it 's nothing I would worry about .
 I am impressed with the quality and durability of this product . It attaches well to the side of the cage , despite previous coments.The only issue I would like to address is that my hamster likes to fill the tubes up with woodchips and get stuck up in the look out , then I have to take it apart , wich is hard to do . But im guessing thats just my hamster thats causing the main problem . I am 13 and I bought this for my hamster , and I recomend it ... espesialy if your hamster gets bored fast .
 Let me start off by saying that yes , you need to make sure your habitat is structured to support this . We do NOT find that is top heavy . Our hamster likes to take his food up in the look-out tower to snack on . He hangs out in there and checks out the scene ! We have had great luck and enjoyed this attachment .
 READ UPDATE at the endIt is very well constructed and the rings definitely keep all of the tubes together . I think sometimes too well , because it was hard to take them off again.I read about all of the problems with stability and I think it is how you assemble it when it is going in the cage.Mine did come with directions and they were easy to follow.The only problem I had is when you are supposed to pass it through the top . The instructions say place a ring on the tube in the cage and then connect to the rest of the unit to it at the opening . Well I could not get the ring to work that way , the clips on the opening would not allow it.I have a 2-Level Habitat so I purchased a T piece as well and I connected the T to the shelf , added one straight tube and let it pass through the opening on top . I used the ring on the outside piece and connected them together . As far as I can tell with one end clipped to the shelf there is great stability.UPDATE I finnaly figured out were the instability that people were talking comes from . If you look at the top two expansion openings you will see they are differnt.One has little teeth on the inside this one was used for the old water bottle . If you use this slot it does not lock in very well.I switch mine to the other slot and had no problems at all very stable , have not seen it tilt at all
 I have had this for a year and it worked great as a sleeping place for my gerbil until now . For some crazy reason , my gerbil decided to nibble a hole overnight through the bottom of it and escape ! I found him many hours later -LRB- I had not even realized he was gone at first because the hole was hidden -RRB- - he was having a great time running around my son 's bedroom . I thought about replacing it but will probably try the critter trail burrow instead as it will give him more space . Though I am sure with time he 'll chew through that too . Unfortunately , the plastic just is not strong enough for gerbils teeth - eventually they eat through anything made of plastic - I already have replaced numerous critter fun tubes.By the way , do n't be put off by other reviews about how the lid comes open - it does not if you close it right . Turn it all the way , then turn it back a fraction then it will sit just right !
 I got this for my syrian/teddy bear hamster when she was young and she absoloutly loved it ! but after a month or so she got stuck , she came out ok but we had to get her a new cage after that . if you own or are planning on getting a dwarf hamster I reccomend this tower .
 Pretty basic unit . Our dwarf hammy seems to dig climbing up high and checking out the view . Easy to clean and stays together well . No complaints here !
 All I can say is be careful when closing the top . My hamster used to like to sleep up in the dome so we would always open it up to get him . But one day my sister did n't close the top all the way and my hamster got out while I was sleeping . Poor thing was scared to death by my dog . Rest in Peace Tramp ,
 We call it a spaceship . Assembly was easy . We have the hard plastic lid on our cage . It does a good job holding the tube upright . The joints do not fit through the opening , so I had to assemble the tubes through the top . The joint of the tube is actually what keeps the ship in place.This would be ideal for young kids on a low table . We have ours on a kitchen table , and when our gerbil goes up in it , only the oldest can see him in there -LRB- using a chair -RRB- . The yellow part does come off with a quarter turn.Our gerbil loves to chew . But he has not been able to chew the tube . I have seen him try to chew it in several places , but he gives up after a few seconds.We used to put his food in it , but he would not eat it all , and we dumped it out.If you use the right technque , the tubes separate easily . Grip your hands on either side of the tube , and push them out away from you .
 My hamster Bam-Bam utterly adores his Lazy Look-Out . It doubles as his lounge and a secondary food store area . When he 's not running on his wheel , this is his favorite place to be !
 my three little critters love to sleep and in the look-out . We like the fact that we can take the top off and pet them while they are in it . easy to remove and clean . very sturdy . Amazon got it to me quick .
 Our hamster love this thing , I on the other hand hate it , our hamster is alway in it , takes his food up there his bedding up there and he pee 's in it all the time . It has little holes in it for him to breathe but it also means all the other stuff falls out the holes . it is easy to open and clean but wow really he is a pig lol
 My hamster really liked nesting in her tower . This look out was perfect for our cage and really enjoyed by Mia .
 Well My Winter White Dwarf Hammie `` Richard Dick Grayson '' AKA Grayson loves his `` Lazy Lookout '' . He always leave food in it . He goes to the top and stays there for long periods of time . Great Product
 I had a look out tower that clipped shut but my Houdini teddybear hamster kept biting the latch from the inside and getting loose in the middle of the night ... I bought this one to replace it and it works perfect ... he fits in it kinda okay since he is a fatty hamster :-RRB- it is not the same size as the purple one that came with the critter trail with the turn-about wheel on top -LRB- purple and pink one -RRB- ... the thing I like most about it is that it twist and latches shut so there is nothing for him to bite and open it up . It would fit best for dwarf hamsters but my teddybear hamster likes it
 Our little dwarf hamster loves it ! The tubes are a great size for the smaller hamsters , mice , etc. ... the kids put them together no problem -LRB- gently squeeze and insert , twist to snap together -RRB- . Plan your design out first though , as they are pretty hard to take apart once snapped in . Which is good though , because you do n't want them coming apart while your hammie is in them!Again , I think these are more geared towards the smaller sized pets , not the large hamsters .
 I have a cockerspaniel and this is the only dog food that keeps his skin from being dry . I have tired more expensive foods and yes he would eat them but they didnt do much for his skin or his coat . I noticed the change about two weeks after using the product . Im sure if you have a high maintenance companion then give this brand a try .
 I adopted both my girls from shelters and they were eating regular old dog food . Their coats were dull ... but did n't realize how dull until they started eating the AvoDerm . This stuff is amazing . They love it and their coats are so soft and bright .
 Great dog food , much cheaper than in the stores -LRB- usually -RRB- . One thing though , make sure you select either 30 pounds for 42 or so dollars , or 4.4 pounds for 16 or so dollars . If it does n't say the weight , do n't assume it 's the larger bag because of the price . Other websites have this problem as well .
 I have 2 weenie dogs . The newest is a long hair . The past 3 before her were all short hair , so I guess I never saw the importance of a really good food for coat purposes before . I tried to buy good food for health purposes only . Well , being short on funds for a while and temporarily taking care of a total of 4 dogs , I switched from Eukanuba -LRB- which I thought was really good -RRB- to a brand sold at Walmart , that while not the cheapest there , was definitely a lot cheaper . However , we noticed a HUGE difference in all the dogs coats . Especially our long hair . Her hair got realllyyyy thin . You could see her SKIN on some parts . So , I started researching the best brands for improving the coat and found Avoderm . I am sooooo pleased . Her hair not only came back , but it came back thicker , fuller and softer than ever before ! We were also having problems with flakiness on the tips of the ears in all the dogs which also went away with the switch . I 'm a loyal Avoderm buyer now and searched everywhere and was driving 50 minutes away just to get it after moving to a tiny town in a new state with no large chain pet stores . You can imagine my surprise when I realized I could get it on Amazon , and it was even cheaper than driving to the store . Easier and cheaper !! It 's a win win !! This is good stuff !
 I buy this dog food from a local store as it is a bit cheaper , but I wanted to review on here for anyone interested . My dog loves chicken but turned up his nose at other chicken meal dog foods before this one . Before Avoderm , he would graze at his food and only eat when he was really hungry . Now with Avoderm , he eats all of his food right away , right as I put it in his bowl.Not only does he seem to love it , it has really done wonders for his coat . His hair is sleek , shiny , and smooth . He has less dander as well.I can feel good about giving him Avoderm because it is an all natural product . They even have grain-free options if your pup is allergic to grain . And it is easy to find this item in the big box pet stores . Highly recommend , your pup will thank you !
 vavoderm great dog food buy this for my bulldogs met a rep from this company at petsmart he told me about the product gave me a few coupons tried it out would recommend highly .
 The title says it all . Avoderm is good wholesome dog food . Wish they would issue coupons again - this stuff is n't cheap .
 I thank God for Avoderm . We have a chocolate lab who as a pup had all kinds of digestive issues and would throw up or have diarrhea with various dog foods , and let me tell you , we tried everything . Finally I came across Avoderm and a ton of testimonials about how great it was for dogs with digestive problems and picky eaters . Harley loved it ! And it immediately eliminated the diarrhea . The problem was he wolfed the food down -- he liked it that much . So we purchased a specialty dish to slow down his consumption . One note to those with dogs who ` itch ' or have dry skin . We actually attempted to try Blue Wilderness with Harley and his itching was out of control . Once we put him on Avoderm the results were instantaneous and he has never itched since . His coat literally glows on this kibble ! And he 's very ` happy ' compared to a more lethargic , droopy attitude on the Blue Wilderness . I 'm sure Blue is a good kibble , but for Harley he absolutely loves his Avoderm and looks and feels better because of it . I most definitely would recommend this product to others !
 This dog food had made such a big difference in my dogs coat . No more shedding , I love it and so does my beautiful dog .
 I have tried many many other brands and this is by far the best food . With a lot of coat issues , my Chihuahuas are very sensitive . This food is such high quality that their waste is so minimal . Other brands made them &#34; go &#34; frequently to the point they had a hard time holding it . Not with this food . This is the only brand I will ever buy them .
 Ever since we 'd moved from NYC to Atlanta , our Cavalier has been miserable and itchy , keeping us awake every night with her scratching . We assumed she was allergic to something blooming in the South . No medicines worked , and we tried a lot . Then we randomly tried this dog food . It 's a 180 difference . She sleeps through the night without itching and is happy again . Amazing !
 my dog loves this food , keeps her coat very soft . Shipped very quickly . I would definitely buy this again from Amazon . Easier than lugging it from the store to the car to the house !
 My dogs love this . It has really helped my lab who has skin allergies and issues . His coat is shinier than ever ! Best price on amazon most of the time . I have noticed the price fluctuates a good bit .
 My dog has a very sensitive stomach , we were feeding him with Blue Buffalo and he was constantly having diarrhea . His veterinary recommended a hypoallergenic type of food from Science Direct that was too expensive for us , we just could n't afford it . So I kept digging on articles about allergen free dog foods and Avoderm was within the recommended dog foods in an article . Since we have been feeding him Avoderm he have n't gotten sick again . My dogs love the taste of the food as well which is also important .
 We 've been feeding Avoderm for about 8 months and our Aussie is doing beautifully . Lots of energy , shiny coat . The formula is absolutely as good as Blue , and some of the other more expensive brands . I would highly recommend it . Fast delivery , too !
 Avoderm is a great dog food for your dog . Avoderm has had great results for my dog which is a Pekepom -LRB- half pomeranian and half pekinese -RRB- . I used to feed my dog Purina Beneful and there has been a significant difference in my dog since.Ever since we switched to Avoderm my dog 's hair is much fluffier and softer to the touch . His hair used to be more like a Pekinese , long and a bit rough . Now his hair is much softer more along the lines of his Pomeranian side . His stool has been of a smaller amount and more solid . One con of the dog food is that his stool has more of a strong smell.Buy Avoderm for your dog , you wo n't regret it !
 You can buy this at the pet store for about 2.19 a can . on the web here this is a rip . Sorry
 I have used Breeders Choice , Avoderm for many years with excellent results , i.e. shiney coat , no digestion problems ect . It 's all natural and low protein for large breeds like the Bernese Mountain Dog . Its priceythough .
 My American Hairless Terrier -LRB- 17 lbs -RRB- is a very strong chewer and would go through Nylabones as if there were treats . It also concerned me that the Nylabones just did not hold up to her chewing . The West Paw toys have held up really well and she loves playing with the bone . I can put it in the dishwasher to sanitize and clean it , which is so convenient . Highly recommend this product .
 This toy bounces and is durable . Great buy . I 'd get it again . Perfect size for my girls mouths . I got the small .
 My Rottweiler has chewed through every toy from a matter of seconds to a few hours . I bought 3 varieties of West Paw toys and all 3 have lasted for months and still going strong . If they can survive the power of a Rot they can survive anything .
 We adopted a dog last summer who is a power-chewer . We tried Kong products and anything else we could find in the pet store that was supposedly for tough chewers . Our sweet girl tore them apart in hours or minutes and we were spending $ 40 + on toys for her each week ! I did some research and found these Zogoflex toys and decided to give them a try . They are a bit pricey , but well worth it when they last for months ! Our dog will eventually get through them , but she chews on them all the time and it takes her at least 2 months to ruin them . GREAT material . Thank you for making it !!!
 Was looking for a rubber toy that my Golden could enjoy and not rip apart . So far this has been it . She has had it for two weeks now and still in original condition - even though she parades around the house with this in her mouth .
 worth the money because they will last forever and I wo n't have to keep buying toys just to throw them away after five minutes . Happy chewing !
 Toy is great but my dog does n't like the kong-like material . She 's more of a tennis ball and rope kind of dog .
 I bought one of these to see if it could withstand our five dogs , all beagle/terrier mixes . I was skeptical because they are very strong chewers and have torn apart toys that claim to be indestructible . The second I gave it to the dogs , they were all fighting over it and playing tug-of-war . I could not find any marks or signs of wear the next day , which is major in our house . We have dogs and puppies of all different sizes , so I ordered another small one and a large one . The large size has bigger notches on the ends and my smaller dogs/puppies actually prefer this one because they can gnaw on it better.All the bones still look brand new after a week of solid abuse , so they get my vote ! They are flexible and wo n't hurt your dog 's teeth or neck like some other toys . I love that these are eco friendly , they clean up easily , and they float . The price seemed high at first , but it 's worth the money because they will last forever and I wo n't have to keep buying toys just to throw them away after five minutes . Happy chewing!Other products my dogs have not killed : Planet Dog Orbee-Tuff Diamond Plate Orbee Ball , Orange - rubber bouncy balls that float and hold up to my tough chewersKong Ultra Black 3 In - my dogs tear pieces off the regular Kong and have yet to put a scratch on these
 MY DOG IS A MASSIVE CHEWER AND HAS DESTROYED TO MANY TOYS TO COUNT . BUT ALL 4 WEST PAW TOYS HAVE SURVIVED ALMOST A YEAR WITHOUT A TOOTH MARK IN THEM . WE BOTH LOVE THEM . I 'M HOPING THEY COME OUT WITH A TREAT BALL SOON .
 We have a lab mix that is very hard on toys - he destroys everything . This will last a long time . It 's a somewhat soft plastic , but very durable .
 my little dogs chew every toy to pieces but not these ! They love carrying them around like a bone and chewing them . These even bounce a bit when thrown . The money is well worth it and the manufacturer will replace once for free if your dog does ruin it .
 This is a great dog toy for medium to small dogs . Color makes it easy to find.Floats as stated . And if you have a dog that loves to crew , this is your bone - indestructable .
 We board all kinds of dogs in our home and this toy held up to 2 10 month lab puppies that destroyed all other toys in our home . And it bounces nicely and quietly on our wood floors so they can play with it indoors as well as outside .
 Very durable ! My pittie is a chewer and she loved it . This brand of dog toy will last you a great deal of time .
 I think it 's a fine toy ... seems sturdy and is certainly &#34; tough , &#34; but my little dog does n't seem to like it . She 's tiny -LRB- 8 pounds -RRB- Shizu mix , and I think it 's just too heavy for her to like it much . Not the fault of the toy , I do n't think , but maybe better for doggies who are a little bigger .
 Bought this for my 10 month old sheltie puppy who is a pretty aggressive chewer . The material is soft and durable and it 's still intact . I 've bought other items from this brand and they too are good quality . I bought the small size for my 30lb dog , and it 's perfect for him .
 My dog Annie had surgery about 2 months ago and ever since its been hard to get her to eat anything . I was worried for a while because every kind of dogfood i brought home she would n't eat . I went to the local petssupermaket and bought a couple cans of this -LRB- ProPlan Senior Canned dogfood -RRB- . I put it in her dish and she gobbled it up happily ! It is a little on the exspensive side , but I think it 's worth it for the sake of your dogs health . Annie is 12 years old and a little heavy for her age , but thankfully she 's been eating this dogfood and loves it ! It has all the nutrition she needs and a great taste she enjoys !
 I have a small yorkie that loves to chew and can chew her way through most nyla bones but this one is the the best .
 We have a 10 lb female Bichon/Poodle . We have a lot of different toys for her and this is not her favorite . The toy is pretty tiny compared to other small toys that she has . She rarely uses this . I am not sure if it is too tiny or because it is too hard . The toy seems real hard . I thought it would be a lot softer since these are tiny dogs . She prefers playing with other bigger Nylabone dog chews that are 3 times the size of these . We also have a 100 lb + rottweiler and he does n't even bother with these . He usually destroys everything he puts in his mouth but this certain chew toy is still intact . Maybe this will work with even tinier dogs but they do seem a little too hard for them to chew comfortably .
 Easy for my pug to hold and chew ! A must have ! We are huge Nyla fans at our house !
 When our dog was only 1.7 lbs this was the only bone she could handle placing it upside down allows her to chew on it . She is now 8lbs and this is still the one she goes too . Durable for sure only purchased another to have an extra one around .
 A must have for anyone w/a small dog . We have many , many nylabones , this is by far their favorite . One of the cockatoos also likes it . He gets down on the floor and will spend up to 30 minutes or more just tossing it around . We did get him one and hooked it to his play gym , but he likes the one on the floor better .
 perfect for small dogs because it is easier for them to hold this shape . they last a long time also .
 You need something like nylabones around to keep puppies from chewing up your house . This one is great for my chihuahua puppy . It 's pink and cute and its also kind of rubbery soft . I had expected it to be really hard , so that was a nice surprise . She has regular bone shaped nylabones , and she enjoys this one being in the wishbone shape for something different to chew on . And really , for $ 2 you ca n't beat the price on here . I added it to my cart to help me get up to the $ 25 free shipping with a couple CD 's I purchased . I would recommend this product and the other 2 items in the princess or prince series . I know the picture shows all three items , but they are sold separately and you need to add them all to your cart . I knew this , but apparently from reading other reviews , some people did n't .
 We have a 11 month old Yorkie-Chihuahua mix that is one heck of a powerchewer ... just give her a toy and she 'll find a way to destroy it in record time ! We have been through a lot of toys and have spent quite a bit of money on toys made by various brands with different textures , fabrics/materials , and even sizes trying to find something that can survive her chewing only to find that time and time again Nylabone is our `` go to '' product . She genuinely loves the regular small Nylabones made for powerchewers and we figured we 'd give this one a try since it 's something we ca n't find in our local pet stores and was a great price . We are quite pleased with this product and would highly recommend it . We 've had it for several weeks now , and though it 's taken some wear , it 's still going strong . We like that it 's a small , convenient size , offers an extra nob for chewing pleasure , seems easy to hold , and its pink color helps us locate it quicker -LRB- compared to the brown/tan colors of regular Nylabones -RRB- . ** On a side note , I 'm not sure why two people gave this product negative reviews in regards to their assumption that this listing came with three items . No where in the product 's title or description does it state that this product is in fact three products . The third picture simply shows that there are two other pink `` princess '' themed Nylabones available . Please be aware that you will only receive ONE product - the pink wishbone shaped Nylabone **
 if have a pug a she really loves this toy . i have bought many of them and is very nice.it is supposed to be recommended by doctors but anyway you may need to be carefull when your dog is using it
 I have two dogs - a 5lb Chihuahua and a 20lb Jack Russell terrier and they both LOVE these chew toys . I got a larger one once for the bigger dog but she prefers the small or ` petite ' size . My chihuahua 's teeth were in rotten shape because her mouth is too small and her baby teeth wo n't fall out , so her baby teeth and her adult teeth are all in there at once , and she ca n't have dental surgery because she has kidney issues , and these chew toys have really helped . She even knocked out a couple of baby teeth from chewing on these , and they really help with plaque build up . My Jack Russell has great teeth and I think that these toys help keep her teeth in beautiful shape . They chew on them every single day and if I do n't have enough around the house they will fight over them , so I usually have six out at once to avoid fights . I also like the pink ones because I can find them more easily on the floor or in the bed where the dogs leave them . The prices I have found on Amazon recently have raised though - that is the only negative . They can be found elsewhere for less , although I do love Amazon for the convenience of ordering and their customer service .
 Both of our smallish dogs are huge chewers ... they shread normal dog toys in minutes and have cost us a fortune in trying to find something that will last a few weeks ! These last for a while - they usually chew the end off first and then try to get to the sides ... once the end is gone though they have a difficult time holding on to the bone with their paws . One other draw back , is the bone itself gets very sharp and can pull on carpet and furniture if you do n't watch them ! I buy these in pairs and just throw out the worn ones ! A definite buy if you have a big chewer in your house !
 My three month old Maltese female puppy , Molly , loves this teething toy . When she starts to chew on something we do n't want her to chew on , we give her her pink teething ring . Works !
 I adopted two very undernurished kittens from the Humane Society , whose on-staff vet said that AvoDerm dry and canned food is the best on the market for cats . When I took the kittens for their vet checkup 6 months later , my own vet also agreed that this is the best food available and was so pleased with the health of the kittens . My older cats have also seen a huge improvement in their coats -- much more silky and shiny , shedding is reduced and their weight is easily maintained on this food . I recommend trying this food if you have finicky cats or they have health problems.My cats absolutely LOVE all the Avoderm Select Cuts -LRB- chunky-style -RRB- flavors AND all the flavors of this pate-style food . The seafood flavors seem to be the most popular among the cats , but many vets recommend avoiding too much seafood for male cats due to the urine crystals it can cause . I started feeding the beef and chicken exclusively and they eat every last drop.Bottom line
 I used to use Science Diet and switched to AvoDerm when I saw the results my sister 's cat had with it . AvoDerm improves the coat of your cat so that it is softer . Also , my cat used to be overweight but after switching her to AvoDerm , she has a LOT more energy and has gone back to her normal weight . Every time I feed her AvoDerm , she thinks she is getting a great treat . Another great feature is both kittens and adult cats can eat it !
 I bought this to add to our supplies for the dogs that we train . I love this brand because it has the safety strap that means if they slip the head collar off you still have control of your dog and they are not lose , unlike some other brands .
 I do not feed my dog grocery store brands of food because of the use of corn and other by products . This is a quality product that helps keep my dog healthy and out of the vet 's office .
 I purchased this for a blue front Amazon . At first it was a little large for her to handle but she soon could figure it out.A bird any smaller might find the toy a little difficult to handle but our parrot has no trouble getting her treats from the forage toy .
 My amazon was n't too into this product and did n't figure out there was food inside . I 'm going to give it 4 stars because it was everything that was advertised . It does n't seem likely to break , it looks nice , and you can easily get food into it . My boy is a beginner to this stuff so it is probably just to advanced for him and but even as just a toy in his cage he did n't seem to into it .
 My bird was terrified of this toy at first . Once he figured out that we put treats inside he slowly warmed up to it . Now , as soon as we load it up and put it in the cage he is hanging off of it trying to get the goodies inside ! He loves it !
 My cat needed to take pumpkin to aid in digestion.He did n't want to eat that on his own , so I mixed it with the gravy . One teaspoon twice a day.My cat is in love with this product.Everytime I open fridge he thinks it 's gravy time ! He will not eat it on his dry food . Only on it 's own in a bowl.he licks it up so fast . I give it to him too without pumkpin also . Great product !!!
 This 20 poung bag is HUGE ! It will most certainly last a few cockatiels 3 to 4 months . For the price it 's definately a steal . It 's filled witha variety of seeds including millet , saffleflower , and sunflowers . Definately a great variety for cockatiels . This mix would also work well for parakeets and parrotlettes.This bag was vaccuum sealed and packaged perfectly . It shipped very fast and was literally one of the best transactions I have had on Amazon . I definately reccommend this bag for anyone looking for a bulk deal on bird seed . This is great for wild birds as well . The old seeds I throw outside draw in all of the chickadees.Overall a very healthy well-made mix of birdseed for medium domesticated birds .
 I purchased one of these at a pet store and it did n't take long for the batteries to die -LRB- takes 3 watch batteries which came to $ 15 -RRB- . I ordered 2 more on amazon and one did n't work , but it was still worth it for the price of the batteries since I had another one already.I use one at home for my cat , who loves it , but would be perfectly happy with just a regular laser light . He does n't need all of the different shapes . However , this has been valuable at my job . I am an occupational therapist and work with kids who LOVE it and the different shapes are wonderful to have . We use it to `` write '' letters on the wall , to work on visual therapy stuff -LRB- tracking , etc. -RRB- . For that reason I would highly recommend it , but for the cat I 'd suggest you shop around to see if there ' something more durable .
 I ordered one for my two cats -LRB- kittens -RRB- and one for my mother 's cat . Mine is working fine and my cats really love it and look all around for the light after I turn it off . My mother 's cat loved hers too , until it stopped working a couple days after she got it .
 The dog enjoys this toy so much . Sometimes we put it away for weeks and then bring it back out and she goes nuts over it . Even my sons fish enjoyed it .
 I had one of these about a year ago , and have been looking for a replacement for quite a while . I have 2 cats . One of them loves laser pointers , and the other one , not so much . But the one that likes them particularly likes the `` arrow '' shapes with this item . Most pointers just offer the dot , and some others have shapes like stars . But , for some reason , my cat loves the arrows that this item offers . It 's also nice that the shapes are changed simply by rotating a dial , so there are no `` attachments '' to lose .
 I have been using Dainchi Koi food for many years and am very pleased with the product . The quality of the food is good with little dust in the bottom of the bag . My fish are happy and healthy .
 I 've had a VERY active alpha-type golden retriever for over 7 years now , since I adopted her from a shelter at three . Despite training classes , she has always made walking her unpleasant because she pulls me down the street , going where and how fast she wants to go . I 've tried choke collars -LRB- I was always afraid that she 'd choke herslf or damage her throat -RRB- ; Haltis -LRB- which she hated - and would throw herself down on the ground to pull at and work it off -RRB- ; a body harnesse -LRB- which just allow her to use her whole body to pull me behind her -RRB- ; and the metal `` spike '' collars -LRB- which always made me very uncomfortable because it seemed that it had real potential to do her damage -RRB- . A few months ago , my neighbors , who had just adopted a very big 1-year old Lab , showed this Easy Walk Harness to me and raved about how easy it made walking him . I bought a `` large '' size at a local pet store , but it was too big for a 65-lb . dog . The `` medium '' was too small . That was all the store carried , even though the company ' package mentioned `` tweener '' sizes . So I bought a `` medium-large ` Tweener-size '' through Amazon . It fits well and , after several weeks of use , I can say that it works like a charm ! I do n't feel like I 'm choking her and it seems to stop or slow her down easily if she pulls ahead . It also does n't snap her head around , like a Halti.My only gripe is that the adjustments made to the harness straps sometimes loosen up and have to be adjusted again every few days . But I 'd definitely recommend this product .
 Perfect product . Lightweight , easy to use and most importantly
 This is wonderful leash/head harness combo . It is soft and fairly easy to put on once you get the hang of it . I have a 2-year-old rambunctious lab/golden mix that I have been using the Gentle Leader -LRB- Premier Pet Gentle Leader Headcollar , Black , Large -RRB- on . Even with the proper fit , I found that when he tugged the muzzle part of the Gentle Leader worked its way up to just below his eye orbit and became very uncomfortable . This occurred when he would really pull on the harness -LRB- saw another dog , squirrel , or just about anything else that moved -RRB- . I decided to try this after seeing it used on another lab . Here are some general comments on the product :1 . The leash and harness are softer than that of the Gentle Leader and my dog seemed to be more comfortable with the Wonder Walker while wearing it2 . My dog could pant and drink water without the harness interfering , just like with the Gentle Leader .3 . The Gentle Leader can be weighed down by the metal clips of leashes . The Wonder Walker has a built in leash , so it is lighter overall.I noticed a big difference on our first walk . The muzzle part of the harness did not ride up , and my dog did not pull as much when he saw other dogs . This may have been artifact since this was the first time we were using the product , and once he becomes used to the harness he may start to pull harder.I am very satisfied with the quality of the product and highly recommend it as an alternative or even a substitute for the Gentle Leader . It 's convenient all-in-one design very comfortable and light for both the owner and the canine.Adam Page , DVM
 This is a great head-collar leash . It is very simple - no buckles , snaps , clips - just the leash with a hand-loop and a figure-eight loop that goes around the dog 's head and snout . Makes walking a dog that pulls much easier and more enjoyable . The only downside is that it is not a very sturdy leash , if the dog gets ahold of it often he will chew through it fairly easily.Overall this leash GREATLY reduced my 70-lb dog 's pulling and tugging . He is even more calm when he sees other dogs and squirrels .
 I have bought these before , and they made the difference between getting dragged , and going for a nice walk . I bought one for my foster dog , because he was yanking our shoulders out of the socket when using a regular collar and leash . Now he jogs along side me , and he is a pleasure to take out . Regular choke collars can damage a dog 's neck , but this works by pulling them sideways when trying to pull forward , and they have to stop pulling in order to walk forward towards where they want to go . My only complaint is that the adjustments tend to loosen , needing regular adjustment to work effectively .
 Finally ! I was able to find a harness that fit my dog properly . He is a 60 pound doberman mix and the medium was squeezing his chest and the large fell off him . This tweener size fits him perfectly !
 Our dog trainer suggusted we purchase the wonder walker for our great dane puppy . Our dog is very hyper and wants to play with everything he sees . Constantly lunges and barks . Once we put the wonder walker on him he was a different dog . It was very easy to handle him . When he lunges the walker automatically corrects him by pulling him back . It does not hurt him at all . He is 9months and 140 lbs . This is a live saver . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Excellent product . Combination of traditional clay litter and odor absorbing material.Cats adapt to new product immediately .
 Satisfied Worked great and will order again . However I like the plastic containers with a lid better than the zip lock bag .
 I bought a 3 pack of this item at my local grocery store several years ago . My cats loved it so much that I bought a couple more . I had no problem putting the pieces together . I 've bought other scratchers that end up falling apart but I still have those original pieces and my cats still use them . My local store quit carrying them but I 've always looked around for them at the different pet stores that I frequent . I think there 's a wand and a feather that attach to the pads but they 're all long gone . For all I know , I threw them away . That was n't what I had purchased anyway and feather chasers are a dime a dozen . My review is based solely on the actions of my cats and since they seem to like this particular scratch toy more than any of the other ones they 've had in their 8 years , then I give it 5 stars !
 My vet has my dog on this , and I found it much cheeper online . I order it all the time , it is a great supplement .
 My dogs balk at taking this each day , but I feel it 's worth the effort to ensure their good health .
 Provide total support for the immune system and muscle recovery of dogs and cats . This product is designed for immune system function and for the production of sustained cellular increase of glutathione in the body . It helped a lot my german shepherd , Skylar , which was diagnosed with accute leukemia . Skylar lived after being diagnosed for 7 weeks -LRB- instead 2-3 weeks as prognosed -RRB- Maintenance
 My dog is ball-obsessed , but a little picky . The ball must be green . The ball must be felted . These balls meet both those requirements , and also help his breath . He does n't like them quite as much as a random dirty ball he finds on the street , but does n't dislike them either.They also fit nicely in his Chuckit ; which is n't always the case with these specialty balls.Two things to note
 Not sure the mint smell will improve your dogs breath but these tuff balls are great quality and will last a long time
 Now I understand why Petsmart stopped selling this toy . It does n't meet the two prerequisites , 1 -RRB- not made in China , and 2 -RRB- last too long . Buy American , buy tough balls , and not that cheap Chinese crap which dog destroys in an hour.Ps . Dog is a English Springer Spaniel and not known for her bite .
 My boxer loves these . He plays with them all the time . Gnaws on them too . They 'll usually last about a month or so , which is pretty good because he takes pride in dismantling toys .
 The only qualification I wanted it to meet was to fit into my chuck-it ball thrower
 There is n't really much to review about a tennis ball , but we 've had similar in the past where my 25 lb . Basenji was able to nip almost all the fuzz off . In over 2 months , these still have most of their fuzz .
 We Have A Weiner Dog That Will ONLY Play With These Tiny PETSPORT Tuff Balls & They Stopped Selling Them In The Store . This Is The Only Place I Can Find Them !! I LOVE The Vendor I Get Them From ...
 I have a 2 year old papillion who is a suprisingly strong chewer . These do n't last forever , but they are small enough for him to play with and they last a good while with most of thier fuzz intact . I do replace them every couple of months , which is not bad for something so inexpensive . Just for reference , my tiny boy can devour a pig ear in an hour and a half -LRB- he does n't get them anymore -RRB- and tear apart most dog toys in just a couple of hours -LRB- completely destuffed and all legs , ears , noses , eyes , ect missing -RRB- .
 First Impression
 I use this bottle for my largest cage of rats & am very pleased with it . It never leaks or locks up & is easy to clean . When cleaning I just submerge the bottle in hot water with diluted Lysol for 10 or so minutes . Then I fill the bottle 1/4 to 1/2 way with the Lysol water , put the lid & nozzle back on , shake the bottle , & then I empty everything & rinse it thoroughly . Its easier than I make it sound lol.The only issue I have is that the rod it comes with to hang on the cage can be pretty annoying . Since this bottle is used on a Critter Nation the bars of the cage are very narrow & the way the rod is set up in 2 pieces I tend to accidentally knock it loose & have to reposition it if I dont choose the just right bar to place the nozzle of the bottle through . After doing this 4 or 5 times I get miffed.Overall this is a great water bottle that I would recommend .
 My Koi 's love it . They 've grown so much since I 've started feeding them Dainichi for several months now . I 've just switched them to the All Season formula for the winter months . Definitely a repeat customer .
 After using a number of bottles , that fell off the crate or constantly leaked we took a shot at the lixit . It is great ! Very easy to attach and it does n't fall off , either . No leaking . This is an excellent product . Recommend it highly for both price and quality .
 I 've never had a problem with leaking with these . I just fill it all the way up to the rim and screw on the top , and works perfectly ! I even use the cold , filtered fridge water . :-RRB- You can get stands for these ; they are called Pet Adjustable Water Stands through PAWS Creations . : -RRB-
 I never write reviews but in this case i felt obligated to do so , between myself and my parents we own 6 lixit water bottels for our puppies both 32 oz and 64 oz . When we purchased our puppies the breeder had already trained the puppies to use these bottles eliminating the mess of having bowls ont he floor . We not only heve them in our pens we also built holders to mount them on the walls in our kitchen , we even put one on the fence outside by the pool . I did have to call the breeder and ask them about the leaking issue , the trick is to create a vacum when you fill the bottle by first filling them then place your finger over the hole while you invert the bottle then let some water out over your sink by pressing the ball with your finger till the water stops fllowing , using this method non of my bottles ever drip after hung up , i agree directions could be clearer however if you want to eliminate water bowls this is the way , disregard all the people that say they drip ...
 filled it up , tightened the cap and it works perfectly . it probably wo n't quench the thirst of this large dog because it 's small -LRB- for my big dog who is use to drinking from a hose -RRB- , but it will keep her entertained when in her kennel . bowl of water will need to remain to assure a good drink can be had .
 Our German Shepherd puppy was waking us up every morning at 3a because she was thirsty . We could n't just leave a bowl of water in her crate because she would knock it over in minutes . This product saved the day . She learned how to drink from it once we directed her to it the first time.I read the reviews before I bought it and was a bit concerned by the complaints that it leaked but decided it was worth trying . I have n't had any trouble with it . I probably spilt more the first couple times I filled it but once I got the hang of it , it has been no problem . I even bought another one for her travel crate .
 Holds lots of water and is easy for the dogs to figure out . We also used it for our rabbits over the summer when you need to be sure they have lots of clean water .
 Even though many people will have you believe that this product does not work , I have to let you know that it is simply operator error and they do not know how to properly fill the container .1 . Use room temperature water when filling , and fill completely with no air bubbles left . If you use hot water or cold water , then you will have problems creating a vacuum since the water molecules will be expanding and contracting .2 . Tighten the cap completely , while holding the watering unit upside down to ensure that it is completely full with no air bubbles left inside .3 . After tightening the cap , turn the unit right side up and gently squeeze the unit . As you gently squeeze the unit , tap on the ball on the nozzle tip a few times to let air in that will create the vacuum.Voila . Those are the steps to ensure that this will not leak . If you simply do steps 1-3 while filling it , then this will work perfectly.If you do n't use room temperature water , or place this in the hot sun , or do n't fill it completely , or do n't squeeze it while tapping on the nozzle then this bottle will leak ... and that is your fault because you are n't paying attention to basic physics .
 We bought a Lixit bottle for our dogs ' crate 10 years ago . It has performed perfectly all these years . Those complaining about leaks around the cap ... if there is a GASKET supplied with the bottle to seal the top to the bottle , it HAS to be used or the bottle will never seal . Another possibility is that a little excess plastic from the mold may need to be removed on the lip of the bottle with a utility knife so the top seals tightly - this takes maybe 15 seconds to do if it is necessary - just make the lip and inside/outside edges of the bottle smooth . Simple . There have been times over the years when the bottle drips slightly - this is always due to saliva from the dogs ' tongues drying around the end of the pipe and/or the sealing metal ball in the pipe . Cleaning the pipe and ball well -LRB- dishwashing soap works fine -RRB- solves minor dripping if it ever starts .
 You can ignore all the negative feedback saying it constantly leaks . If you follow the instructions it comes with , or already know how a vacuum in a water bottle works , then you 're not going to have problems with this . I got mine for a great dane and a cage that had wires a little more spaced out than most . The holders/mounts were stretchable and it hooks up okay . However , the first day I used it , I discovered it fell after the dog bumped into it , so it can be knocked off with their supplied holders . I just moved it to the corner of the cage and that solved the problem . I noticed though that it 's very hard to get the main back support to keep the bottle vertical -LRB- straight up and down -RRB- without squeezing the bottle and causing it to leak , so I just attached a wire from the back support up and over the bottle to the cage . The bottle 's angled a bit , but it does n't leak and the dogs happy . My girlfriend 's great dane is n't exactly the brightest dog , but luckily it took her about a week to finally start using it . I 'm very happy with this purchase , but rated it as 4 stars because of the support bracket issues .
 The hanging caddies I got for our flight with our dogs -LRB- that come included with the product -RRB- were garbage . You could n't attach them to the outside of the Petmate Vari Kennels I had for my enormous great danes . However , with a little work , we ziptied it to the front of the kennel with no problem . Just be prepared . Product worked like a charm and we 'll use them when we fly the dogs again . My male great dane was n't particularly interested in it , but at least he HAD it in case he wanted to drink . Make sure you teach your dogs how to use it before you leave.You may have to trim a bar away on the front door of your crate to put the straw part of this inside . We had to . All in all , it 's worth every penny .
 My Standard Poodle throws up ALL WATER in bowls so we bought her a smaller water bottle first . It worked great but we were filling it several times a day . This one we fill about once a day . LOVE IT ! keeps down on doggy drool -LRB- there is none now -RRB- wet mouths and my girl `` burping '' and upchucking her water . Even got our new little puppy one .
 I got this water feeder for my cats . They had developed a nasty habit of knocking over their usual water dish -LRB- the normal automatic water feeders you get at the pet store -RRB- . I spent 2 or 3 days cleaning up huge water spills from the carpet , including soaking it up with sham-wow 's and then getting out the hair dryer to dry it completely . It was a LOT of work ! Needles to say after doing that a few times I went looking for a better solution.I do n't know what made them to decide to start messing with their other water feeder , but this little water bottle has been an awesome solution ! Although I did n't know if they would use it at first -LRB- because they 've never seen one or used one before -RRB- I figured we 'd try it out . I cleaned it out with soapy water , filled it up FULL , and put it on the side of a cat carrier that 's set up in the corner . It was the only place I could set it up - there are metal bars on the carrier to allow kitty to see out when you take him to the vet , and the water feeder is designed to be used on a cage or crate.Anyway , it works ! The first time , I got down on the floor and `` showed '' them how to use it , and after that they were off to the races ! We love this thing.The only negative I have with it is that it 's kinda hard to figure out how to hang it . I just now realized that I was doing it wrong ! Oh well , it was working for us the way it was . But I 'll try to follow the directions on the package -LRB- what an idea , huh ? -RRB- and see if I ca n't get it more secure and easier to take out and put back in.All in all , though , it 's saved me a lot of work and my cats do n't have to go without water . Yay !
 I have a large dog and wanted to provide him with water when he 's in his crate . I chose this bottle because of its size . At 1/2 gallon , it will last for about 11/2 to 2 days.Some other reviewers have complained about leakage . My experience has been that it will drip for a minute or two when it 's just been filled , as it has n't yet built up enough vacuum to hold the water in . You can help this along by inverting the bottle and squeezing it once or twice prior to attaching it to the crate , which will build up a vacuum . I used to do that , but I do n't anymore because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it does n't drip that much water anyway , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- my dog sees the dripping and comes right on over and drinks from the bottle and then it does n't drip anymore.I 'm very happy with the product and will buy another when this one wears out .
 Grannick 's Bitter Apple for Birds is the only product that I know of that has any effect on `` feather picking '' due to behavioral rather than organic issues . If your bird is suffering from mites , etc this product will have little if any benifit . If your bird has picked up this habit from boredom or frustration , Bitter Apple is certainly worth a try . My African Grey was cured of his inveterate feather picking with this product . Do not expect overnight success , it can take a year ! Although this is trying on one 's patience , I know of no other treatment that works .
 Heavy duty and huge , what more could you want in a litter pan . Well worth the value you receive from this product . .
 I ordered this because my ferret is outside of her cage all day and I was dealing with her poopin in the same corners everytime . So I ordered 3 of them and put them in her corners and now I dont need to clean poop out of the carpets in my house !!!! Great buy , great price !!!
 The litter box fits perfectly on the cage . It is bigger than it looks and it does have a whole so you can attach it to the cage , but it does not brings the lock , so I had to made one and glue the box so it doesnt moves .
 I liked this product . Thought is was well designed . Unfortunately my little critter still does not know what to do with it , but we will keep trying . It 's a nice size and it fits nicely in the corner of his cage .
 My cat was developing this nasty habit of chewing on things all around the house . I got some of this and it fixed the problem almost instantly . Wish I had tried this stuff sooner , and I would have fewer items with teeth marks in them .
 My cat chews cords and just about anything else that has a plastic or rubber texture . We spray this stuff on and he leaves it alone . This was not the first product we tried . The first product the cat just licked off the cords . Not very effective . Now we have it in the dabber . This is great cause we can just rub it along the cord and it does n't get where we do n't want it . Great product !
 This is a great spray to keep cats away from artifical plants , papergoods , ect . just spray or dab some on the item and the cat 's will not try to eat , chew or bother it . works great . I even gave some to my friend who has 12 cats , she loves it , the cat 's do not like it !!!
 Ever since I adopted my cats several years ago my indoor plants were ruined . Now the cats wo n't touch the plants.It is true it does n't last forever , I have to reapply every week . But it has worked great for my ferns and flowers .
 This product works for me . My cat stopped chewing the rug where I applied it .
 I bought this when my cat had hot spots from fleas . -LRB- And yes , I also bought flea drops to get rid of the fleas -RRB- . The product itself works , but the dabber top is useless . The bottle says the dabber top is better than a spray because cats hate the sound of a spray . Well , that is true , but cats also hate to be held down while you try to get the product to come out of the dabber top . I had to pour the product into a small spray bottle and just spray my cat really quick while my boyfriend held her . But , it did make her stop licking herself obsessively , so it is a good product .
 Do n't dab.If you 're using this on non porous items - e.g. an electricle cord . Pour into a flat bottomed glass or ceramic dish , put on latex gloves and dunk the entire length of the cord into the solution . -LRB- I coil them so I can dunk the whole thing at once . -RRB- Let air dry before using . The solution will wear off so you may have to repeat this process several times before your pet gets the message.For plants
 This product worked surprisingly well on a variety of different cord-types , including my great aunt 's oxygen hose ! The Grannick ` spray ' does n't actually smell like a `` bitter apple '' nor is it overpowering like some of the `` citrus scented '' products out there , which is a huge plus . Also , unlike some `` chew repellants '' , the Grannick product did n't leave my electrical cords feeling ` sticky ' or ` filmy ' . While a spray bottle would probably be more convenient , the dabber top application is relatively easy to apply and it 's quick . Overall , the product is effective and pretty inexpensive , especially compared to replacing appliances and cords all the time .
 -LRB- Although I mistakenly ordered the dabber top instead of the spray , it was easy to open and transfer to spray bottle . -RRB- This product really did work on both live and silk plants . The problem is , the cost of shipping is more than cost of product , so one does n't get very much of the product for the expense . Am looking for store locally and would suggest others do same .
 Fast Delivery . And very nice decorative colar for dogs . There were 3 in the package . My dogs loved wearing them . They pranced around and seemed extremely comfortable .
 This collar is pretty funny , it drives our dog nuts . I thought it was going to be bigger , like the size of the frilly parts , not the actual diameter of the collar . Still great .
 I got fed up with my nearly 80lb red-nosed pitbull terrier practically jerking my arm out of its socket every single time I took him for a walk with his old 21/2 ft leash . It 's no wonder my Granparents , both in their late 70s , are not particularly fond of walking the dog . Anyhow , I decided to take the hit and throw out some chips to purchase this leash . I checked online for prices and went to local petstores and this was a really fair price even with shipping . I do n't remember exactly what I paid , but it was the best deal I was able to find for a leash with the capacity to handle such a large dog.The leash is effective . Unlike some of those other retractable dog `` leashes '' this one is an actual , decently thick , leash as oppossed to one of those thin , wiry , black chords that could really do damage to you or your animal . The downside is I do n't think there is a way to clean the leash as you are forbidden to take it apart lest the retractor be damaged . Though it is yet to fail me , the retractor is not the strongest though I venture to believe this is a safety feature of a sort . Also , the hard plastic which encases the retractable leash and which composes the handle appears to get nicked and scratched pretty easily . Other than that , this is a great bargain . It probably added another 7 years of life to my shoulder , heck , maybe even my grandparents . And now , my dog is free to travel to far and distant lands . He is free to be the adventurous explorer he was born to be and to mark all the territory he can -LRB- within a 16 foot radius of course -RRB- . It 's a good buy that will give you your money 's worth and maybe more .
 I like this tape leash better than the cord style , which gave leg burns in summer . It 's also stylish and built to last . I could n't find this in stores and was also happy to have free shipping .
 A + it was exactly as described , comfortable handle , easy to control my dog when a squirrel gets in the way !
 This is a very well made product . I like the `` ribbon '' lead over the cord . I have two `` spirited '' Scotties that need a firm hand . I bought one for each and they are perfect for strength and durability . They are much more expensive than the cord , but I think they are extremely well made and will last much longer .
 Never have used this retractable tape type leash before but I 'm hooked.Walk a friend 's dog w / the thin cord type - always scared I 'll lose afinger - tape is a bit more friendly in case you get `` wrapped '' . Use this leash on my own dog - he loves it too . EZ to use ! Should havedone it a few years ago -LRB- that 's what we all say -RRB- ! Bought the orangehemp harness to go w / the leash - my pooch is stylin ' ...
 This leash is wonderful for walks as well as training . It is a real leash that is retractable . The other ones have only a cord , and it gets wrapped around the dogs legs and can hurt them . The cord can also be rough on the walkers hands . The leash made our walks much better . I recommend this product and give it 5 stars .
 So much better than the flexi leashes with cords ! HOWEVER , I would still only use this product in an uncrowded area . Too many people try to use these leashes around the city or around other people and have no control over their dogs . .
 The Flexi Expression 2 is great!I like the fact that the leash will freely go back and forth -LRB- longer-shorter -RRB- and only if I press the button then it will lock . The mechanism works effortlessly with minimal friction.I hightly recommend it .
 This is a nice retractable leash with a ribbon lead instead of a cord . It was more expensive than a lot of other leashes out there ... hopefully it will prove worth it . I have n't used it yet with our puppy . We 're working on polite leash manners on a standard leash for now .
 Great product , works excellent . A bit pricey but worth the money if you have a big dog.Flexi Expression 2 Medium/Large , 77lbs , Azure/Blue , 16ft .
 I looked everywhere for a pink leash for my English Bulldog . This fit the bill for size , prize , and color . I did n't think it was right that a dog need to be small to qualify to own pink ! Thankfully this leash answered the call . The nub to lock challenges me a bit sometimes - but my kids have it figured out . It releases the lead easily - which btw is also pink ! Have only had it about a month - so far so good !
 I ordered this for my 25 pound wire fox because I did n't trust the lighter weight category . It is a hefty -LRB- read
 Flexi makes good leashes . We had a cord one before , same Flexi brand which has given us a few rope burned , but otherwise works well . This all tape Expression is so much better , no rope burn , looks great and most importantly , works very well . The handle is well constructed but with a soft feeling which is very good for your hands . I only wish they have a 26 ft version . Highly recommended .
 Love this item ... I can sit on my deck with a cup of coffee while the dog walks around or chases deer and click a button to stop her at any point . Great color and light weight but very sturdy .
 has a really nice grippy finish and is really comfortable/looks nice.I have the orange one , and it 's great looking , but the yellow tape leash is already getting a little dirty looking.Only think I do n't really like about it is the little bit of play it has when the leash is locked and the dog pulls . Maybe only a 1/2 inch of play , but it makes a thunk that I wish it didnt . Pretty nitpicky , but that 's why I do n't give it 5 stars.I 'd buy this one for others as a gift . It 's very good .
 I can easily move this wherever needed for my cockatiel . Great buy . Booda carries quality products .
 my 4 parakeets stand and chew on the end all day keeps them busy too . thank you
 I like the Booda products for birds . All my birds love the perches so I thought I 'd try this &#34; bush &#34; and it was a big success . Good product .
 The type of perch here is wonderful . My cockatiel has used a medium Booda for 15 years , sleeping on it every night all that time.After getting it soaked washing the cage it would droop , but then after drying i could turn it upsidedown and it would br great again.That cockatiel was 17 years old and died last march of natural causes . . but the Booda perch is back in use with my new cockatiel . And she went to it as the first place in the new strange cage to stand!I love all the Booda perches . This is a GREAT perch !!
 Bought this for an adult Congo African Grey . He does n't use it as much as I 'd like him to , but he 's never really been all that big on preening toys.I bought one of these from a local pet shop a few years back and the connector broke off when trying to attach it to the cage the first time . I 'm glad to report that this one felt much sturdier and has held up very well , even if I would like a little more heft to the connector .
 MY QUAKER IMMEDIATELY WENT ON THE PERCH AND PICKED AT THE STRINGS . . KEEPS HIM BUSY AND HAPPY , WHEN MY QUAKER IS HAPPY I AM HAPPY !
 i have a male and a female bird and they usually dont like the same toys , when i put this in the cage they were both immediately drawn to it , the female has been bouncing on it ... yes bouncing and singing .
 I ordered the Habitrail Mini for my two robo hamsters . I have many Crittetrail cages for my hamsters , but think that they are on the small side , as well as being cheaply made and difficult to assemble . The Habitrail Mini , however , looks quite spacious and seems very sturdy . It was very easy to assemble AND disassemble for cleaning . Aside from arriving with a slight crack in the base plastic , which is only superficial , I am very satisfied with this cage . I plan on using on Habitrail cages from here on .
 I keep crickets for my reptiles and Fluker 's cricket quencher is great if you 're doing a custom gutload for your crickets . Keeps them hydrated so they live longer , and surprisingly you do n't have to refrigerate the cricket quencher , so you can just keep it on your shelf or wherever you keep your crickets .
 The crickets like it , so what else can I say !? It does tend to get a bit watery after a while if not used up pretty fast.It sort of , melts ! You need to keep it tightly closed and refrigerated .
 This is a great product . Makes it very easy to give your feeder crickets water with out the hassle of filling a water bowl everyday . And you do n't have to worry about the crickets drowning .
 awesome product , good shipping time , item arrived in new condition . only down side is the price . at my local pet store cricket food products are generally $ 5 - $ 6 max and this one including shipping ran me approximately $ 8 . not a huge deal considering how much my crickets love it , but the price could improve a little . lower price would equal a 5 star review
 Keeps crickets happy and hydrated before they are consumed . No mess . Good product overall . I have used several other Fluker 's products all ordered on Amazon and I 'm very satisfied with their quality .
 I can easily move this wherever needed for my cockatiel . Great buy . Booda carries quality products .
 my 4 parakeets stand and chew on the end all day keeps them busy too . thank you
 I like the Booda products for birds . All my birds love the perches so I thought I 'd try this &#34; bush &#34; and it was a big success . Good product .
 The type of perch here is wonderful . My cockatiel has used a medium Booda for 15 years , sleeping on it every night all that time.After getting it soaked washing the cage it would droop , but then after drying i could turn it upsidedown and it would br great again.That cockatiel was 17 years old and died last march of natural causes . . but the Booda perch is back in use with my new cockatiel . And she went to it as the first place in the new strange cage to stand!I love all the Booda perches . This is a GREAT perch !!
 Bought this for an adult Congo African Grey . He does n't use it as much as I 'd like him to , but he 's never really been all that big on preening toys.I bought one of these from a local pet shop a few years back and the connector broke off when trying to attach it to the cage the first time . I 'm glad to report that this one felt much sturdier and has held up very well , even if I would like a little more heft to the connector .
 MY QUAKER IMMEDIATELY WENT ON THE PERCH AND PICKED AT THE STRINGS . . KEEPS HIM BUSY AND HAPPY , WHEN MY QUAKER IS HAPPY I AM HAPPY !
 i have a male and a female bird and they usually dont like the same toys , when i put this in the cage they were both immediately drawn to it , the female has been bouncing on it ... yes bouncing and singing .
 I had one of these mazes in my classroom and my students loved putting our pet hamster in it . Our hamster got better doing the maze the more she went through it . When I retired I gave my maze to one of my students.Now , 4 years later , my grandson got a hamster for Christmas and so did I . When I saw this maze on Amazon I ordered one . It is easy to clean and easy to see your hamster as he explores the maze . I could n't get the caps to fit over the entrance and exit openings , and I did n't use the extra tubes to attach the maze to the cage . We enjoy the maze anyway and I 'm glad I bought it . Our hamster is a Syrian , which are larger than the dwarf variety , and there was plenty of room for him to move around comfortably.I hope you will enjoy your maze as much as we enjoy ours.Mary Ellen
 I have had this product for 2 years now and am about to purchase one for my God-Daughter . I also have a dwarf hamster and he loves going thru this maze . He plays in it daily dragging his treats or chews and `` hiding '' them in corners . Sometimes he will nest in it . He has a very large cage with a lot of tubes and activities for him , but this just adds to the fun . If your dwarf hamster is very active then this is the item for your dwarf hamster !
 I think it should be clear that the box says this product is for MICE . It does not say this anywhere in the description of this product . Having said that , larger hamsters will fit in the actual maze paths ... think the size of average connector tubes , but they will not fit in the connector tubes that come with the maze . Because of the design of the connector tubes -LRB- normal size openings , then narrow a lot in the center -RRB- , you can use ANY connector tubes , so this product is usable with larger hamsters , just use your own connector tubes . The product comes with 3 standard ovo `` O '' rings to connect , and one cover , in case you do n't want connecters on both openings.So overall , if you know what to expect , I think this is a good product . Well made , easy access , and looks simple to clean . I 'm hoping our hamster will like it for a long time.Habitrail Mini MazeUPDATE
 My daughter decided she wanted to time her mice to see how fast they would get from the starting point to the finish . First mouse did it really quick so I thought it would n't really be a challenge for them to do it quickly but where one mouse took only 2.5 seconds to find the treat at the finish , it took another just under a minute.Helped her learn that , at least in her mice , her boys were a lot faster than the girls .
 Not big enough for pet rats ... But would be nice for mice or small . It is very simple , so good for beginner .
 After growing tired the expense of Frontline and applying it once a month I went old school . This collar seems to work well and does n't wreak in smell like some of the other .
 We have a cat that spends a lot of time outdoors . As long as I can remember my housekeeper has blamed the cat for bringing home pests/insects that would get onto our Irish Terrier and produce a skin irritation that would n't go away.Our life has changed since we got the Zema collars for both the cat and the dog . Every time the cat comes back home it gets inspected and has passed ; the hair has grown back on the area affected on the dog 's back.They seem to last 3 months since I am now back online ordering a second one .
 We got one of these bottles 10 years ago ... it worked fine until just recently when it developed a small air leak and dripped all the time . That 's about par for plastic products that need to be water-tight . Plastic just does n't last forever.We have since replaced the old 32 oz plastic bottle with a new 32 oz plastic bottle and added a 1/2 gallon bottle also . Both continue to work fine . Leaks around the blue cap are easily resolved by trimming away any left over `` flashing '' from the molding process . Drips out of the spout are solved by squeezing the plastic bottle a little to force a little water out past the ball bearing ... this speeds up the formation of the vacuum in the bottle so the dripping stops faster.Our 101/2 and 81/2 year old dogs used the first bottle their entire lives . Neither of them ever got sick with anything . They prefer watter from this bottle and will only drink out of a bowl if the bottle is empty.Stainless steel does n't support the growth of bacteria - and the metal ball and tube are stainless steel . An occasional rinse-out is all the maintenance we ever did - a drop of diswashing liquid into the tube , water into the tube ... slosh around a few times . Rinse throughly . Repeat . We did this maybe 4 or 5 times a year . The sloshing rolls the ball around cleaning it on all sides.Dogs will drink out of puddles of slime , swamps , and any other manner of foul water if they are thirsty and there 's no access to any fresher water . That terrible quality water does n't make them sick . It 's amazing how some people get all worked up about nothing .
 No more water dripping off their long beards , no more floaties in the water from their backwash , and no more puddles from the grandkids playing in the water bowl . My dogs prefer drinking from the bottle , as we also have a fountain in the kitchen near the family room because when one gets a drink , they all line up for the water bottle and it gets a little noisy when you 're trying to watch tv . I have a friend that made stands for them from PVC pipe and fittings , so I have several all over the house . When we have puppies , I put one on the exercise pen and they start drinking from it right away . When traveling by air , car or on foot , I just get a little hamster bottle to carry with me and it makes easy access to water without any spilling .
 I got this 32 oz . Lixit bottle for my Am . Cocker Spaniel when she was a younger puppy . She 's about 9 months old now . She loves this bottle ! She would rather lie in her crate drinking out of this than use her big water bowl . She has fun taking a few licks and then smacking at it with her paw , taking more licks , smack ... continue ! I do n't think she does it out of necessity . When I tap the end with my finger , the water comes out fine . Maybe it gives her a tiny bit bigger swallow , and she likes it . I do n't have any problems with the bottle leaking either . It is attached to her crate which sits right on my living room carpet . It comes with a shaped wire hanger that hooks over the crate wires and has a notch that matches a little bulge on one side of the plastic bottle . So , with the hooks and the notch/catch system , it hangs securely enough on the outside of the crate where the dog can not try using the bottle as a new chew toy ! The bend in the nozzle allows it to reach inside the crate for drinking . I hung it right near a corner and placed it so that the end of the nozzle hangs about 8 inches above the bottom of the crate . A young pup may need it lowered . These days we have to re-fill it with water every couple days or so . Fine product .
 I use cricket quencher to feed and offer water to my pet cockroaches , and they love it . It works well.If you find your quencher gel is drying out quickly , try placing it in the shade of your container . If that does n't work , then re-hydrate them with a bit of water !
 I use this product to water my baby preying mantises and there food -LRB- flightless fruit flys -RRB- . It works GREAT by keeping them from drowning .
 I buy this for a better price on Amazon and free shipping when combined with other products . I suppose this is better for your reptile/amphib if it has the calcium fortification . I use this in a small cricket box so they can have access to water . Easy to use .
 Amazon shows the price at $ 699 - I 'm sure they meant $ 6.99 but they lost a sale from me as I can get it directly from Fluker 's for $ 7.19 with free shipping . Come on Amazon - I love you guys but watch the clerical errors!That said this stuff is great - my crickets love it and between this and the Hi-Cal Cricket diet my Crestie gets all the calcium without the dusting -LRB- she wo n't touch a dusted cricket -RRB- . My crickets get plump and juicy fast unlike the Orange Cube diet I used to feed them . With the Orange Cubes very few crickets would eat them and I had a lot die off . When I put the Hi-Cal Cricket Diet and Quencher in their cage they were all hiding because it was daytime . There was n't a single one on the Orange cube I had in there . Within 30 seconds I had crickets 2-3 deep on the Hi-Cal Cricket Diet and the Quencher ! Needless to say I threw away the rest of the Orange Cube diet .
 Great product ! When my pet pill bugs hear the lid of a new jar crack , they come running ! Witha name like Fluckers , it 's GOT to be good !
 I use this gel to keep the mealworms hydrated in their mealworm dishes in the leopard geckos ' tanks and also in the dubias ' gutloading container . All the feeder insects love it !!
 When I bought this , I thought it was the cubes that usually come with the crickets that I buy . It is not . It 's more like a jar full of broken jello . But it gets the job done , and it 's calcium fortified . I give this to a lot of different insects , so that they are calcium rich for my frogs to eat . I enjoy using this more than the water pillows I used to use .
 Super easy to install and your mouse will love it . My Mice spend 50 % of their time inside here since I put it in .
 These do n't take up so much room in the tank . I can change the lid to a different spout if I want to .
 A womnderful water bottle for any small animal . The only reason I did n't rate it five stars is because there is no measurement lines on the side to keep track of the water in take from the little critter .
 Perfect for our hamster , hangs well from the side of the cage - easy to adjust height . Seller shipped quickly . Best price for this type of product I have found .
 I think this water bottle worked OK , although I never saw my dog drink out of it . It was purchased to attach to a dog crate for shipping on an airline .
 When I purchased this item on Jan. 3 , 2012 neither the picture nor the description noted that this item is the version with D3 . I needed to purchase calcium without D3 as no local pet stores carry that for some reason . So , be warned , until the description is updated , if you are looking for reptile calcium without D3 this item is not described correctly.I 'm rating this item on the product and not the wrong description . I like it and it seems to keep my leopard gecko happy . Now , I 'm off to find some calcium without D3 .
 When I purchased this item on Jan. 3 , 2012 neither the picture nor the description noted that this item is the version with D3 . I needed to purchase calcium without D3 as no local pet stores carry that for some reason . So , be warned , until the description is updated , if you are looking for reptile calcium without D3 this item is not described correctly.I 'm rating this item on the product and not the wrong description . I like it and it seems to keep my leopard gecko happy . Now , I 'm off to find some calcium without D3 .
 I already had one of these bottles for my blue and gold macaw and love it . She squished so many lixit bottle tips until this one ... it has a steel insert inside the tube ! After my goffins cockatoo got bigger and moved to his adult cage , I got him this water bottle . He has n't squished any but he was biting thru the water bottle holders that keep them on the cage . This bottle is held on with frame and there 's no getting it off . My macaw and too have both tried and were unsuccessful !
 I purchased this bottle for my best friend 's cockatoo . It works well and she had no problem learning how to use it , considering she has always used a water bowl . Now when my friend comes to visit for a couple days , she always has clean water . No more worrying if she has soiled her water with her food .
 This is an effective way to keep our dog from marking in the same spot over and over . Once we use it he seems to stop . Many of these products have smells that give me sinus infections . This one with the orange smell seems to be easier on my nose and I do n't ' have to wait until I am out of the house to use it .
 This stuff works ... altho ... you can go to petsmart and not pay the shipping ... the shipping makes it pretty pricey ...
 I purchased the bottle when my girlfriend and I got a new puppy , who had been drinking from a bottle like this at the breeder 's . Once the puppy got older , we transitioned from the bottle to a bowl , but the bottle worked well while she was young and kept inside a pen .
 Just got this a few days ago for my 4 month old pitbull mix puppy . Installation is n't too difficult but you do need some tools and it helps with another person .
 I use this product everyday , its very useful for me , i liked it because of the low price and i really needed it .
 I 've purchased four of these over the last ten years for my Greenwinged and Harlequin Macaws . they work great , are easy to clean , and are spacious enough to keep them watered for a week . The glass , rubber , and stainless steel construction allows me to add apple cider vinegar to the water for their health without concern for how the mild acid will react with the dispenser.The only downside for us is that the Macaws , especially the Harlequin , are quite good at flipping up the wire retainer and dumping the bottle , when they are outside of the cage , so we devised a PVC cover to prevent that .
 Was pleasantly surprised by this product . After installation , leaked for maybe a minute before it ceased . Have n't noticed a drop since then and our chinchilla has no problem using this , even though the size of the ball is much larger than the one we were previously using .
 We have 2 crates for our 2 pups and these have worked great . Do n't have to worry about bpa and we throw in dishwasher once a week . Also , can monitor how much they 're drinking . Recommend !
 It serves the purpose very well . However , you would be wise to get extra rubber stoppers as they will crack and split in time .
 I use two of these for my little dogs . They are good quality glass bottles . The metal mounting brackets are made to go on pretty big cages/crates . I had some trouble mounting them on my dogs smaller crates .
 We decided to purchase this water bottle after cleaning out gross water dishes several times a day . These have worked wonderfully - our birds , a Blue Front Amazon and an African Grey , figured out how to use them within minutes . This eliminated having to refill dirty water bowls throughout the day , and even with our large parrots we can go several days before refilling the bottle . The hardware is very sturdy and well-made and the bottle is a very thick glass . However , the bottle is not exactly `` fall proof '' - our Blue Front was able to lift up the supporting bar resulting in the glass bottle shattering on the ground . We have since ordered a replacement , however , and have used re-usable zip-ties to secure it . Overall a fantastic buy !
 My macaw 's chief job in life is taking things apart , but he has been unable to take this off his cage . He learned to drink out of it quickly . He also has a dish we keep water in , but it 's reassuring to know that if he makes soup in his dish , he still has clean water to access . I would highly recommend this water bottle to any parrot owner .
 Tough to install for one person . My bird loves it though and enjoys drinking from it . Probably could have gone with one size smaller .
 Excellent product . Easy to setup and quality is excellent . I have used it for various pets , even my dog drinks from it when her bowl is empty .
 This water bottle saves time and keeps a cleaner cage . All bird owners need one of these in there cage ... Bob
 I am happy with the product . I dropped on accident from a -LRB- 1ft -1 1/2ft -RRB- , and the bottle did NOT break . So I was happy that it was durable in that regard ! It can be a one person job , however , it will save you tons of time doing it with TWO people , trust me ! It has a top bracket with a safety that prevents your pet from lifting the bracket , and dumping the bottle on the ground . The only reason I did NOT give this five stars was due to the fact it drips . It states that it might DO that in the instructions , but for the $ 22 I expected a little more !
 Dog Crate glass water bottle is great ! I mounted it on the outside polking in for daily use and when travel will mount it inside . No drip problems if you read about all of that on other reviews and the instructions to prevent that . Snow drank from it right away after showing it to her once .
 these bottles save lots of time when you have 24 cages to water and feed . i plan on switching all my cages over to bottles soon
 My Pit Bulls stay crated at night , so they must have access to water . I have tried everything , small buckets , large buckets with clamps that attach to the wire of the crate , plastic bottles , water dishes , etc. . The dogs kick over the buckets , pull the tube out of the plastic , spill the water from the dish , in one word , they have defeated every means that I have used trying to provide them water . That is , until now.The Lixit Glass Bird Water Bottle 32oz with 5/8 Tuff Tip is excellent and works perfectly . The glass does not impart any taste to the water , the attaching kit is good quality and works well , and the 5/8 '' Tuff Tip tube is perfect for large dogs . What 's even better than this excellent product is the customer service . Not having read the instructions -LRB- I am a man , after all -RRB- , I did n't realize that the tubes come in different sizes and I got the smaller sized tube . My poor dogs were trying to drink but not enough water was coming out . I emailed LIXIT and the customer support was immediate , informative , and expert . I now have the large tube , the dogs are happy , and I am a totally satisfied customer . It is nice when a good product is backed up by good service .
 My Macaw Skyler can literally pick a pad lock , so it takes something tough and sturdy to keep her from destroying it . I highly recommend this water bottle . She has n't knocked it out of it 's holding device and I do n't have to keep a bowl of water -LRB- which usually turns into soup -RRB- in her cage . It 's worth every cent for any big bird with a can opener for a beak !
 This is an excellent product that can be easily sanitized in the dishwasher . It is of the up most quality made of thick glass and a large tube for animals to drink from . The tube was too large for my purposes but there are three sizes to choose from . The manufacturer offers replacement parts for every part at a fair price . The mounting bracket was one of the most difficult I have had the opportunity to install .
 If you have a crafty animal or one able to manipulate locks and other items , you need this . Chinchillas are one thing . Try a plastic bottle with wildlife and large birds and they will happily destroy one a day for you . For my smaller animals and babies , the cheaper plastics are a much better deal . But I find that it 's far more costly to keep replacing the cheap bottles daily , so I abslutely LOVE these LIXIT bottles for my purposes . I also appreciate the way the bottles are secured to the cage . It 's impossible for them to break , even though a few of my craftier ones have figured out how to move the lever and lift the bottle out . LOL Give a squirrel , raccoon or coatimundi one of the plastic bottles one day and let 's see how long it lasts vs. these . Because I already know the answer , I choose these glass bottles . Very cost-effective in the long run !!
 This is the only bottle I would have ever needed had I ever seen it in a pet store . I have an unusually shaped wrought iron cage and I have a hard time finding a bottle holder that fits securely . This is extremely well made and looks clean and kind of retro too . It 's sturdy and my bird does n't try to jiggle it . No plastic parts so she ca n't try to chew it up , so it cleans up nicely . Some bottles are almost impossible to clean with their large capacity and tiny outlet . This one will clean up with a bottle brush . Love it . Love it . Love it . Although I love it and all , it is an expensive bottle and $ 8.95 seems high for shipping and handling ! Only one little picture in the ad and the vague amount of information on the bottle , made me feel nervous about spending so much on the bottle and shipping , the only reason I took the risk was because I had a gift certificate . Those things will cost you a star , water bottle seller ! Live with it . Anyway , if amazon had had pictures of the mounting mechanism and explained the dimensions and materials of which it is made , it would have enabled me to make an educated purchase instead of a guess .
 This is a high quality product . Just be careful ... in the product description it is stated that it could be used for rabbits . This is way too big a tube for small animals . The water shoots out when licked . Better for puppies or small dogs . Not worth the hassle to return , but just thought others should know . It does come in three other sizes . This is the 5/8 '' tube . I should have known , but I could n't visualize it until it was in front of me . Like I said , though , it is well made and looks like it will last forever - just BIG .
 I have a very destructive blue and gold macaw and she ca n't do anything with this bottle plus it keeps her water clean . She has finally given up on destroying it and has decided to let it co-exist with her in the cage .
 I ca n't believe how much I heard these went for not so long ago . Lucky for us the prices have gone down ! -LRB- I would n't pay more then $ 25.00 -RRB- I only had to glance at the instructions and I was able to put it together with plyers and a screwdriver in under 5 minutes . Good quality glass and all , very happy with it !
 We just got a boxer puppy and bought the lixit water bottle so she can have access to water if she is in her crate.She took to it right away with no trouble and now actually prefer drinking from it , rather from her water bowl.Only downside is that it tend to drip a bit while she drink , but that might just as well be because she is a sloppy drinker .
 I love this bottle it help keep my Birds water clean , so I do n't have to clean their water every day.The shipping was fast I recommend this seller . PE .
 I am always reluctant to change my dogs ' diet . I felt they needed a better food and this one has two thumbs up ! I changed them over completely in about 2 weeks and both are known for sensitive stomachs . They both have done great on this food and I am glad to know they are getting a better diet . One of my dogs is a very picky eater and HE even likes it . I will definitely keep both my dogs on this food .
 Actually purchased this for an outside stray cat , my gang is crazy for it and this will probably become their primary food .
 My pooper became mine due to neglect of owner -LRB- they abandoned him at my house for what was supposed to be a week ... and 3 years later he still lives with me -RRB- . We did not see eye to eye for a time but I fell hard for him ! But I am a busy working girl and student with a very tight budget and no knowledge about dog food . For the first year I bought him the knock off version of kibbles and bits from walmart and he packed on so many pounds that I became concerned . I started to research and found that it was doggie mcdonalds . So , I opted to spend a little bit more money and for the next year bought him pedigree . He continued to pack on the pounds ! I researched further and found that pedigree was not a much better choice and I was paying more for it ! Then I found chicken soup ! According to the research it seems to be a great dog food . It is very reasonable priced and I love the free shipping !!! No more lugging around a 40 pound bag once a month ! He is already losing some weight and regaining his waist line . But my favorite part ... is how he looks up from every bite to show how much he appreciates it . It seems to be his favorite dog food ever , and good for him ! I will be sticking with this brand for a while , as long as he continues to move towards a healthier weight ! Thank you !
 I 've had GSDs for about 20 years . During that time , I have tried a vast array of dog foods , always trying to get the best possible nutrition for my dogs . But the top end dog foods , e.g. , Innova EVO , Timberwolf Wild & Natural , etc. , all caused diarrhea -- despite a slow introduction by mixing with the prior food types.My two GSDs are a small sample , so it is likely not the case that all GSDs ca n't tolerate these products , but for mine they do.So , my alternative has been an old faithful
 We switched our 5 dogs -LRB- mini-doxy , 2 border collie mixes , lab , & shih tzu -RRB- to this food from Pedigree last spring . We had been having trouble with loose stools on the lab and shih tzu & itchy bodies on the border collies . We had been mixing wet Pedigree w/dry . I noticed a slight color change in the dry bag one day and a consistency change in the canned and shortly after we had very soft stool problems with my 2 small dogs . After researching online , I was shocked about the research findings of all these dry foods . For many years we fed Science Diet but changed to Pedigree for cost reasons and because it seemed to be such a popular food , readily available and ran all those tender commercials on tv !! It made me sad to think we 've fed poor quality food to our pets all this time . Like the other reviews , I agree the quality and price are fantastic . You can find better food for many more dollars but if you 're feeding several like we are then this is a food you will be secure feeding . Some of our dogs are old and some used to be picky eaters but they clean the bowls quickly and have shiny coats , no itching , solid stool & lots of energy . You wo n't go wrong choosing this food for your four-footed furry friends !
 I was not sure about this at first.but than i looked it up and i was amazes how good it was for dogs ... but as well the price.it 's the best out there i have ever seen .35 LBS FOR 40 DOLLARS.i had always had WELLNESS dog food and they are very good but i paid 30 dollars for a 15 LBS bag , and when i saw this dog food and saw how good it was.i stop buying WELLNESS.sorry WELLNESS but you are to high and Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul ,35 Pound Bag.they have you beat big time.i 'm truely happy with this dog food plus my dog like this food . . so whoever have a dog should get this dog food .
 I spent ALOT of time researching dogfood , and although we wanted a quality food , we just could n't see spending over a hundred a month on their food . So , I researched the researchers ' recommendations and was happy to find this rated highly and up with the more expensive brands . The name so cute that I would have bypassed it as just an advertising gimmick to appeal to sentimentally inclined customers but the recommendation on a very picky dog food analysis site impressed me.We 've found it to be very nutrient dense ... the dogs need less to feel and look great . They actually gained weight on it , and we had to cut back . We have an AUSSIE and a MINIATURE POODLE we adopted . -LRB- We still ca n't believe we have this small poodle dog ... but she is a terrier in her heart and has plenty of energy to keep up with the Aussie . We let her original owner -LRB- family -RRB- take her once a week for sleepovers which she loves . -RRB- She was on the Chicken Soup for puppies and she took off on this , and is actually large for her breed.Their coats are dense and great shape , eyes are bright , and skin great . No ear infections , allergies , or teeth scale buildup . We had an Airedale that had horrible allergies for which we tried everything from the vet . Finally , put him on flaxseed and omega-3 fish oil tablets , and we got him off the cortisone . This food seems to have the oils and nutrients for good health maintenance.They love their food ... always excited to eat it . My husband says they just ca n't wait to dig into it . They love it so much that we keep some in a little canister used for treats during the day . They think a kibble is a BIG deal . Who are we to argue ? Also , we 've never had it get stale smelling or off smelling like other more natural dog foods.This is our 3rd order , and we 'd love to see it become an item that you can have sent on schedule plan so we could save even more.I could be a spokesman for this food ! I only wish we could had known of it for all our other adopted dogs
 Or at least the dogs think so . My older dogs were starting to have digestion problems , so I 've been transitioning them off of the store bought stuff to increasingly higher quality dog foods . When I read the rave reviews on this product , I ordered it . Not only is it an excellent value for an extremely high quality dog food , my dogs no longer require wet food on top to encourage them to eat it . They absolutely love it . I 'm using less food - it takes less to fill them up and they stay full longer ; plus their stools are no longer loose and the gas problem is going away . If you 've ever slept with two English bulldogs , you 'll understand the ` gas ' part ! We may have settled on Chicken Soup for life !
 I used to get my dog whatever I could afford , but I felt very guilty about my dog 's health . I also realized my dog does not eat a lot , so a big bag like this goes well over 1-2 months ... a great deal for a fine product . I am on my second bag , and it looks like the dog food for life !!!!
 If you 're like me , you sometimes use your wish list to keep track of items that you 've researched and want to buy at some point in the future - not necessarily something you want or expect someone to buy for you . I recently did this for Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul , an excellent food - for dogs . Dear wife saw this on my list and immediately assumed it was a book ! When it was delivered in a big , heavy box , her comment was `` Umm , I do n't think this is what you wanted , is it ? '' Well , it is , but NOT for Christmas ! Anyway , we both had a good laugh about it , its money well spent , and the dog loves it . It is a `` real '' premium dog food and an excellent value , so do n't forget to BUY IT - for your dog - before you take it off your wish list ! Now honey , about that Lexus I put on my list ... : = O
 I have been using this brand for two different dogs now , and they love it . It has made their coat beautiful .
 I had been feeding Wellness for both my Cocker Spaniels - however it is pricey but good . So doing a research/reviews I found that this food was rated very well - and cheaper - so decided to give it a try . Both like it -LRB- they will eat ANYTHING -RRB- and doing very well on it . One has allergies - no change there but Wellness did nothing for that either . Am sticking with it - the price is right and love that it 's delivered right to my door !!!
 Though I would n't exactly call them picky eaters , our dogs really like this food and I like that its more affordable than most of the other holistic/premium foods . The company was very quick to answer some questions I had about the sources of the ingredients , nearly all from the US .
 My dog loves this food ! he has n't been sick one day since he started eating it ... and his coat is so beautiful and shiney ! Too bad the Amazon price is so stinking high ! : -LRB-
 My picky little pekinese loves this food . My poodle loves it too , but he 'll eat anything . I 'm really glad to have found a good dog food for my little munchkin . The pieces are about 1/2 '' wide , and 1/4 '' deep - flat round shape . They scarf this food up and after going through bags of expensive brands that the pekinese would n't eat i started making my own dog food , which is lots of work . After reading all the good reviews I decided to try once more and problem solved in our household . Two happy buddies !
 Good food - dogs love it . This is not long enough , so I must type more to be able to post comment .
 My English Bulldog is kinda picky . She loves the taste of this food and its healthy for her . Her stools are firm . She has a nice coat and has no skin problems . Its a healthy food for a decent price . The can food is good too . We mix the can with the dry . I use the cat food too and really like that as well for my cat . Overall , Chicken Soup is a great brand .
 The price is right and my Dutch Shepherd loves it . The ingredients are of a very good quality and the value ca n't be beaten elsewhere . Add free shipping and it 's a no-brainer . My only wish is that it were available for subscribe and save . A guy can dream ...
 Between Blue Buffalo and Chicken Soup , those are the 2 best things that you can give you pet ! Best qualtiy ingridents , no chemicals . If you want the best diet for you dog then this is the route to go !
 I have a 2 year old Boxer/Lab mix that I recently switched over to Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul . He absolutely loves it , it 's affordable , and I feel like I am actually feeding him something healthy , as opposed to the horrible mess that makes up most dog food.I think it 's important for people to note
 We used to have our dog on Evo Red Meat . He developed dry painful stools . This has just enough roughage to help him out -- and it costs about half . Show me anything that does the job near this price .
 You ca n't beat the ingredients in this food for the price , all of our dogs love it and do great on it . You can pay more for garbage foods like Eukanuba , Iams and Science Diet but WHY ? The first FOUR ingredients in this food are MEAT . . not corn or unknown meat by-products . . also includes duck and salmon farther down the list . When you feed better quality food you feed LESS food , a lot of people do n't realize that . I have a yellow lab , a carolina dog , an eskimo and a pom , the 35 lb bag of Chicken Soup last just about a month . When I moved in my b/f was feeding his dogs Dog Chow -LRB- which in his defense he thought was good food , being a `` name brand '' and all he had NO clue he was feeding them McDonalds every day -RRB- and was going through 30 lbs a month just for his 2 -LRB- the eskie and the pom -RRB- . Are there better foods out there ? Sure for a bigger price tag and most of the same ingredients . I would say this is one of the best quality foods you can buy at this price point , really it is n't much more than that bag of Dog Chow or similar food and when you figure in that you would feed about 1/2 of what you are now you end up saving .
 We tried 4 different kinds of highly rated dog food for ourGerman Shepherd and Golden Retriever . We bought 8 lb bagsand then came back to this brand over the others becausethe dogs liked it and it was highly rated , sold us ! Thedogs will eat it dry without wet canned food mixed in andits good for them ! Recommend to other pet owners .
 We feed our dogs homemade food in the morning , but we feed them dry dog food for dinner . Our little one has a really sensitive stomach . However , when we made the gradual switch to this dog food , he had no problems . He is also extremely picky , but he loves it . It is quality dog food for a really great price . Thanks Amazon ! Keep it up !
 I 've been buying different versions of Purina food for the last 12 years of my dogs life . Just whatever I could find at the grocery that sounded healthier than the last . After researching it some , I 've come to realize you ca n't buy a good dog food at the grocery . I just bought one bag of this a few weeks ago and all the licking issues we 've had with him forever have gone away instantly . No waking us up in the middle of the night with his licking , or annoying constant licking while you 're just sitting there . We 've been putting allergy medicine in with his food for the last few years , and I have n't even used that for the last few weeks . It 's amazing the level of relief for all of us . Including the dog I 'm sure . He seems much more relaxed . I feel bad for not changing to something better earlier . There has definitely been an increased level of gas coming from him , but that is much more tolerable believe it or not than the licking .
 My dogs love this food . It digests well leaving small messes in the yard . I can also feed lesser amount because it is satisfying for them .
 I switched all my fur kids -LRB- 11yr lab , 10 yr chiauwa ,13 yr shih tzu -RRB- to this 7 yrs ago from purina Beneful -LRB- YUK ! -RRB- . . They have all been doing awesome and the change in their coats from dull/dry to shiny/soft was amazing . . they no longer have gas all the time , not at all now . . I did much research and this is a EXCELLENT Dry dog food . . Many of my friends have switched their fur babies to this also , with excellent results . . I will continue to feed my fur kids this . . Stay away from the walmart/grocery store brands anything with corn and fillers , they are CRAP !! Feed your Fur kids this , chicken soup is the BEST/healthiest dog food for your money !
 I am very pleased with this product . I have 6 dogs and they love it . Prior to feeding them an all natural dog food we had issues with some of our dogs eating feces and dirt . We no longer have that problem . They love the taste and we no longer have to buy additional supplements .
 We have 4 dogs ranging in size from 8 pounds to 80 pounds and all 4 love Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul Dry Dog Food for Adult Dog . They were eating a well known brand prior to this food . I mixed both the old food and the new food to wean them gently from the old food , so as not to upset their digestive system . They picked around the old food to eat the Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul Dry Food ! We , 2 legged and 4 legged family members , are very satisfied with the food !
 My dogs really like this food and it 's great quality at a great price . I used to buy Blue Buffalo but it 's so expensive . . This was a cheaper alternative without sacrificing the quality ingredients .
 Has researching dog food ever made you sick ? All the reviews , what should I buy , will it hurt my baby?Well I have ... until I came across Chicken Soup . This is a high quality food -LRB- 4-star , A + -RRB- without the cost associated with 4-star foods . It 's also corn free , which helps if you have a dog allergic to corn.On top of the good quality ... our dogs LOVE it . I definitely recommend this product to anyone researching quality dog food .
 Just what the doctor ordered . Very good for dogs with dry skin and delicate diet . Would buy this again .
 Got this for my lab , who is far from a fussy eater . Wanted to get her something healthy and not break the bank . This seems to fit the bill . Comes in a 35 lb bag so I do n't have to reorder too often .
 This food has given my dog the softest shiniest coat ! I adopted a really underweight pitbull mix 3 weeks ago , and he was really skinny . I can hardly see that dog now . He 's filling out and looks so much healthier . After I feed him , he 's always looking for more . -LRB- I saw some reviews about soft stools and initially thought it was the food ; turns out it was parasites . Once he was medicated , his stools were fine . -RRB-
 When I got my dog , I made the decision to feed him `` premium '' dog food . Unfortunately , this was getting to be an expensive prospect , with the cost of shipping big bags of dog food from other online sites . Having recently signed up for Amazon Prime , I decided to seek out a Prime eligible dog food on Amazon . I came across Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul , and it 's been a hit with my miniature dachshund . He 's somewhat of a picky eater , but eats this stuff rather enthusiastically . When you factor in the free shipping with Amazon Prime , this dog food is quite affordable.No complaints from me on this one . I 'll continue feeding it as long as Amazon offers it for a reasonable price with free shipping . Good stuff .
 I have an American Pit Bull Terrier and Australian Cattle Dog . Both switched over great from their previous Nature 's Recipe lamb and rice diet -LRB- it was very grain heavy -RRB- . I did a lot of research to find the best dog food for under $ 40 and I 'm quite certain this is it.The bag was fresh when it arrived , it has high meat ingredients , it 's easy on the wallet , my dogs seem sharper and more energetic -LRB- probably because of the protein increase -RRB- , and they love it . I will continue to buy unless something like the price or ingredients change.The price I paid
 I had my dog on PetSmart 's brand of food that is gluten free . But it came in small bags and they charged an arm and a leg to ship a larger bag . Chicken Soup got a great review from dog food review sites . My dog eats it and seems to love it .
 My 55lb lab mix Lexi loves her Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover 's Soul Adult Dog food . What a great deal too ! Wow !! For such a great quality food , this is such a great buy . I feed my dog even less that what the package recommends . A lot of people who do n't want to spend a little more money on high quality foods do n't realize that yes , you spend more per pound , but your pet does not need nearly as much food as the cheaper low quality brands since the high quality brands like Chicken Soup are not loaded with fillers . A great , low cost dog food . Try it !
 It 's very easy to order your dog food online . It 's cheeper than buying it in the store . Another benefit , it comes right to your door . No crowed stores . No lugging it around . It 's just a great way to shop .
 I love feeding this dog food to my mini Daschund , because he poops a lot less & it does n't smell hardly @ all !
 I lovefeeding this food to my dogs ! The ingrediants give me a warm fuzzy feeling and my dogs love it . For the price it is the best out there .
 Chicken Soup for the Soul has been a product that I have fed to my 6 year old shepard and Lab since they were puppies . There coat and over all weight and health has been great . They love this food and never had any problem with it at all . I would highly recommend this produt to anyone with a loved one animal . I done my research on this proudct and found it to be a high quailty product for the price . I 've tried Blue and merrick which are great dog foods to but it did not ever agree intestinaly for my guys . constiant diareha ... SO I STAY WITH CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE SOUL . KAREN
 This is one of the best dog foods on the market . My dog loves it , and is healthy and happy . Great way to buy with Amazon 's free shipping !
 The first four ingredients in the food are all named meat products . The first two of these are meat inclusive of water content -LRB- about 80 % -RRB- and once that is removed it is likely that these ingredients would be more accurately placed somewhat further down the ingredient list -LRB- ingredients are listed in order of weight -RRB- . However , since it is followed by two meat meal ingredient , our confidence in the meat content of the food is increased . We do note that this is followed by five grains , potatoes and tomato pomace ahead of the fat content , and this diminishes our confidence , making the food appear to be heavy in grain/carbohydrate content.There are further meat ingredients 14th and 15th on the ingredient list , though these are too far down to make up a substantive portion of the food.The main grains in the food are barley , rice -LRB- two forms -RRB- , oatmeal and miller . These are low-allergenic and a good quality source of carbohydrates and additional protein . Potatoes are a further carbohydrate and protein source . Flaxseed is a good quality source of Omega 6 and Omega 3 essential fatty acids and the food contains a nice range of fruits and vegetables . We would prefer to see the use of whole eggs rather than egg product in the food.The manufacturer is guaranteeing the use of ethoxyquin-free meat and fish sources in their foods and a statement to that effect has been placed on the front page of their website.Overall this is a great food ! However , these high quality foods such asOrijen Adult Formula Dry Dog FoodorAcana Provincial Prairie Harvest Grain Free Dry Dog FoodorBlue Buffalo Adult Dog Dry Food , Chicken and Rice Recipe , 15-Pound Bagare better for your pet .
 Fleet , my border collie , is 13 years old and still looks and acts like a dog half her age . People ca n't believe it when I tell them how old she is . I can only think that the high quality of CS for the Dog Lover 's Soul has something to do with it . It cost more than other brands , but your dog wo n't need as much of it to get all of their nutritional needs .
 I spent a great deal of time researching premium dog foods on the internet and at my local Natural Pet Foods store when I finally came to realize what a subpar product that Science Diet has been producing and calling themsleves a `` premium '' product . Once I learned what constitutes a quality kibble , i.e. meat and meat based products , no corn fillers , chelated minerals , all natural products - I could go on and on . Based on the quality of ingredients , the high ratings given by a number of respected dog food reviews and forums , and its price point , I decided to give Chicken Soup For The Dog Lover 's Soul a try . I did a slow changeover with my 7 year old chocolate lab in order to use up the balance of the old food . After now several months on the new Chicken Soup food , I feel comfortable in stating that this is probably the best dog food kibble you can buy for the money . My lab loves it - her poops are firm and effortless - her coat has a sheen and luster that we never saw with the Science Diet - her minor dandruff problem has disappeared - she does n't scratch or itch at all - and she looks forward to her mealtimes . Yes , there are higher quality kibbles available , but at his price point and with this list of quality ingredients , you can feel comfortable that you are feeding your dog a premium quality dog food without breaking your budget . Highly recommended !
 We all know we ca n't afford Innova or Orijen , which is one of the best foods you can possibly feed your dog . A lot of people buy Iams , myself included , for our dogs . Then there are the people who continue to buy Beneful and Old Roy and Pedigree and do n't realize that you are basically buying corn , which your dog can not digest and will essentially poop out ! So you are just throwing your money into fertilizing your yard ! LOL Dogfoodanalysis.com has a great rating system and reviews all dog foods and rates them with stars . 6 being the highest . To put this into perspective , Iams is a 1 star dog food , based off of its ingredients . This food , Chicken soup for the Soul is a 4 star food . Blue Buffalo is also a 4 star food , but costs twice as much ! Iams sells at Walmart for $ 17.88 for an 18 pound bag so .99 a pound . I would typically feed my dog 21/2 cups of Iams . This food , as of the time of this review is $ 39.99 for 35 pounds , so $ 1.14 a pound . And I would only give my dog 2 cups . Think about it , if you ate fillers all day long and food with very little nutritional value , you are going to eat more . But if you ate food with more substance , that was healthier , you would actually eat less . This is the same for dogs . So many people run out and buy Kibble and Bits because you can get a huge bag for $ 10 , but you end up feeding your dog 3-4 cups and blow through the bag in a matter of days . They do n't realize that if they buy a better quality food , you actually feed your dog less . Not to mention they would be on a healhier diet.I think for the money and the quality this is an excellent dog food choice . It 's middle of the road , not insanely expensive , but not super cheap . And the quality is far above par in my book.Ingredients : Chicken , turkey , chicken meal , ocean fish meal , cracked pearled barley , whole grain brown rice , oatmeal , millet , white rice , chicken fat -LRB- preserved with mixed tocopherols -RRB- , potatoes , egg product , tomato pomace , duck , salmon , flaxseed , natural chicken flavor , choline chloride , dried chicory root , kelp , carrots , peas , apples , tomatoes , blueberries , spinach , dried skim milk , cranberry powder , rosemary extract , parsley flake , yucca schidigera extract , L-carnitine , Enterococcus faecieum , Lactobacillus casei , Lactobacillus acidophilus , Saccharomyces cerevesiae fermentation solubles , dried Aspergillus oryzae fermentation extract , vitamin E supplement , iron proteinate , zinc proteinate , copper proteinate , ferrous sulfate , zinc sulfate , copper sulfate , potassium iodide , thiamine mononitrate , manganese proteinate , manganous oxide , ascorbic acid , vitamin A supplement , biotin , calcium pantothenate , manganese sulfate , sodium selenite , pyridoxine hydrochloride -LRB- vitamin B6 -RRB- , vitamin B12 supplement , riboflavin , vitamin D supplement , folic acid.Guaranteed analysis : Crude Protein 24.0 % MinimumCrude Fat 14.0 % MinimumCrude Fiber 3.0 % MaximumMoisture 10.0 % MaximumSodium 0.3 % MaximumZinc 150 mg/kg MinimumSelenium 0.4 mg/kg MinimumVitamin E 300 IU/kg MinimumOmega-6 Fatty Acids * 2.2 % MinimumOmega-3 Fatty Acids * 0.4 % Minimum
 I started buying this brand of food when my dog had a litter of puppies -LRB- I bought the puppy-lover 's bag -RRB- . I loved that it has wholesome ingredients , and that `` meat '' is the first ingredient on the list . Look through the bags of dog foods at your grocer and you 'll see that meat is n't first or second , and then when you find it you 'll find it only contains `` meat by-products . '' My pets have had a healthy coat & firm stools eating this brand of dog food , and you ca n't beat the price . The added chelated minerals and natural preservatives create a holistic pet food . I will continue to feed this to my dogs and recommend it to my friends as well .
 I have been researching and studying canine nutrition since about 1988 . Ironically , my interest sprang from a program that Hill 's -LRB- makers of Science Diet -RRB- used to offer called the Small Animal Dietician program . I completed all levels that they offered and learned quite a bit about food , most especially , NOT to feed Science Diet , lol.That being said , I have been showing and breeding dogs for over 20 years . I have tried virtually every high end food on the market
 This is good quality , healthy dog food . According to my vet , it is much better for my dogs than Iams . Of all the dog food the vet recommended , this is the best price per pound .
 To initially sum this review up
 I was a Veterinary Technician for 12 years and my Vets have recommended this food to me for my own dogs . The Vets I worked for do n't sell dog food like a lot of Vets do and this is the food they fed their own personal dogs . My dog has been on it his entire life -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- , he was on the puppy formula as a pup , then adult formula from 1-8 years old , and now he 's on the senior formula which adds Glucosamine/Chondroiton in the food . He truly is the picture of health . He 's a Yellow Labrador and he 's in remarkably great physical condition , he even jogs 5 miles a day with me every single day . I have never had any problems with this food and my dog loves it . I love their ingredients -LRB- Chicken , Turkey , Duck , Salmon , etc. -RRB- most of which is their first ingredients and their quality is second to none , ca n't beat it for the price .
 At just over $ 1 per pound , Chicken Soup for the Pet Lover 's Soul is the least costly brand of truly premium dog food . There are no fillers -LRB- despite what another reviewer claimed -RRB- and the only possible improvement is to not use `` meal '' but `` organic meats '' . However , such foods cost at least $ 2 per pound i.e. double the cost , or even over $ 3 per pound.Nonetheless , those very critical reviewers should turn their attention to human food . What is called `` meat '' in processed food such as sausages -LRB- skin , offals , a lot of chemicals , cereals ... -RRB- , frozen meals should be given perhaps more criticism than dog food .
 I researched food extensively when preparing for my German Shepherd puppy . I eventually settled on Canidae for the quality and price . Unfortunately the store that carried it was just way out of my way for routine pick-ups . I had n't gone w / CS because I could n't find it at the specialty pet shops around . To my surprise my hometown feed store carried it and it was less than the Canidae . He 's had this since he was a pup and his coat is always shiny . He 's a long-coated shepherd so it really shows.Trust me . Get this . Now that Amazon is offering free shipping on it I 'll buy it here from now on .
 I 'm a skeptic . I 've researched way too much about the available food for dogs out there . In my search for something to feed my dogs , I had to balance my desire to not feed them the corn-laden garbage -LRB- which they can not digest -RRB- sold in most supermarkets , against the $ 80 + per bag the premium foods cost . I even considered going to BARF -LRB- biologically appropriate raw food -RRB- but it 's just too much work for me.This is excellent dog food at an excellent price . I switched my dogs from Eukanuba and they were practically inhaling it at mealtimes ! No problems switching , firm stools , and healthy dogs ... done !
 I ordered this book and `` Caiques -LRB- Complete Pet Owner 's Manual -RRB- '' thinking they might cover different things . Different cover , different price , different reviews , different listing , different identification codes . But I ended up getting two of the same book . This , to me , is a bogus book . Order `` Caiques -LRB- Complete Pet Owner 's Manual -RRB- '' instead as that is the book you will receive even if you order this book . I hope that makes sense . Other than that the book is excelent . It cover almost everything you need to know about a Caique . You wo n't read this and get all your answers answered , but it covers a good deal of stuff .
 I was comparing prices online and at several pet stores and this website was overall the lowest price I had seen , it 's the same product but 3 times less . I love it . The price that is .
 My lab/spaniel mix hates this -- but she does n't like rawhide at all , so we gave it to my mom 's shih-tzu and she loves it -- best part is , it makes her breath smell like syrup when she 's done
 These treats are a real hit with both of our dogs - a little cockapoo and a 92 LB . Goldendoodle . They absolutely love them ! They make for a nice `` special '' treat for the pups . I will definitely order more .
 My Shiba Inu LOVES these as a treat . It smells and looks just like real waffles!Make sure to order from ALL PETS CONSIDERED . They are great and ship the order quickly.Thank you for offering this great product !
 I purchased this gate to keep our dog out of the pantry where we have food , water , & litter for 2 cats . When initially purchased & installed , our puppy was only about 15 pounds and was able to fit through the small pet door . At 30 pounds he was still able to fit through , but a minor modification to shrink the total height of the door prevents him from fitting through while still allowing the cats through -LRB- cats are both around 10 pounds -RRB- . Our dog does n't jump or climb , but if you have an active jumper this gate might not be 100 % effective.The mounting of this gate was n't too terrible , although the included paper template was mostly useless . Instead I just mounted one of the bottom clips , put the gate up on that side , and positioned the top clip with the gate in place . Doing this on both sides worked first time although it was a little cumbersome -LRB- definitely recommend two people , one to hold & one to drill -RRB- . I had to mount it several inches above the floor because of some moldings around my walls . You have to mount both clips on a flat surface with very little variation in height or one of the mounting arms wo n't reach the clips.The one-handed operation is doable , but it 's a little awkward to slide the red locking tab over while lifting the latch . The latch will still close without locking it down , so we tend not to lock it anyway . This might be a bigger problem if there were kids to prevent from entering the pantry as well , but for the time being it 's acceptable.Another complaint is that the pet door only opens in one direction , and does not come with any provisions to lock in a fully open position . This could result in trapping a pet in a room -LRB- or preventing them from reaching a room , depending on your setup -RRB- . I had to hold the pet door open with some zip-ties to keep it from closing . Not much of a pain , but aesthetically not very nice . I may just remove the entire door at some point as I do n't ever need to prevent the cats from reaching the pantry .
 This gate was exactly what we were looking for for our stairwell that leads to the basement ! We wanted a baby gate that secured to the wall but also wanted it to work with our cats . We have a small calico and a very large Maine Coon cat -LRB- 22 lbs . -RRB- and they are able to go through the gate with ease while keeping my daughter from going down the steps ... I would highly recommend this gate to anyone with pets or pets and a baby !
 The only gate that I found that could cover the span of our kitchen opening . However , the distance between bars is a bit too wide and my puppy could squeeze right through . Now that he 's a bit bigger there 's no problem .
 Item was the perfect gate for a wide space AFTER I ordered the inserts from Target ; however , because we are using this in a very humid environment , the metal portions began to rust very quickly . Would I purchase it again ? Yes , there are no other choices out there for EXTRA-WIDE spaces .
 First let me say that the gate itself is really nice . It is sturdy and looks good.BUT ... do not believe the size , minimum to max , mentioned in the add . My opening is 47 '' . The gate is about 12 '' to short by itself and the bolts only add about 5 '' to each side . If you add the extension it is too long . To make it fit , and this is n't mentioned anyplace in the instructions , you have to cut the arms on the extension . If you are under about 56 '' the extension overlaps the gate so far that the gate wo n't open . For my opening I also had to re-drill one of the connecting screw holes after cutting the arms down.This is not a big deal and easily accomplished with a hack saw . It just would have been nice to have this mentioned in the instructions . So if you can handle a hacksaw and maybe a drill , then this is your gate .
 Really like this gate . Attractive , easy to install , great height , fits our extra wide doorways and easy to open and lock with one hand.We use this for our grandson but our cats have used the handy pet door.Would definitely recommend this to people with both small children and animals .
 The best part of this gate is after it 's installed , if you need to move big furnature you can slip the gate out of the wall attachments .
 This gate works great on our front porch . We can sit on the porch and not have to worry about the dogs running out to the sidewalk every time someone walks by . We had to order the extension but it fit perfectly . The little door allows us to let the cats through with out the big dogs getting out . After using it two years -LRB- leaving it up over the winter -RRB- there is just a hint of rust at the bottom of the rails .
 My dog loves these.They will last a long time . I was surprised as he is a picky eater .
 I bought this for my mother 's cat a few years ago . My husband and I have 3 mini schnauzers and one giant schnauzer . When I brought our puppy -LRB- a mini -RRB- to visit my mother , she took the toy and would n't leave it alone for a week ! The cat had always liked the toy , but my puppy was obsessed with it , so we brought it home . Now the mini puppy and giant puppy fight over it all the time . The little one likes to flip it over with the rounded part down so she can jump on it when it 's wobbly . She also uses it like a skateboard . It 's as big as the mini puppy , but somehow she manages to pick it up and run with it . Of course she ca n't see where she 's going , but it does n't stop her ! EXCELLENT TOY !!!!!
 My 8 week old kitten loves this toy . He plays with it until he wears himself out , and then lies next to it and continues to bat around the bottom ball . My only criticism would be that the holes on top are kind of dangerous for very small kittens . He kept getting his arms awkwardly wedged in them while trying to catch the ball , and I was scared he was going to hurt himself . It was easy to remove the top ball , however , and I was able to place it on the bottom track instead . This almost seems like a better option , since now the two bottom balls bounce off each other and cause more motion for him to chase .
 A lot of fun for our kitty -LRB- 41/2 months old -RRB- , she plays with it all the time ... buy it ! Your cat will love you for it !
 Our cat loves this toy . He played with it so much that he fell asleep shortly after ! It keeps him entertained and I 'm happy with my purchase . Thank you !
 As soon as I bot this out of the box and set up , my kitties went nuts . But since then they really are n't very interested .
 My cat is difficult to please and thus far has n't had much interest in toys I purchased.But , today I received this wonderful toy and my cat is crazy about it ! He ca n't decide what part of it to play with first.The toy was packed properly and received in a timely manner.Very happy with this purchase all the way around .
 I bought this for our youngest 1 year old cat . He is full of energy and curiosity , he really needed something . It has been few weeks since this toy has arrived , but he is not board with it.He usually lies down and play , but sometimes he comes running and punch the ball like hockey ! lol Price was great , made sturdy , my big kitty -LRB- he is 16 lbs -RRB- ca n't break it.Also our two older cats -LRB- 14 years old -RRB- play with it once in a while too . I bought bunch of other toys recently as well , but this is the only one they play with it for longer period of time.Highly recommended !
 Gave this as a gift to my son who has two kittens . He told me that he could n't believe how much they loved it and recorded them playing . Both kittens can play at the same time since there are two balls . The mouse in the middle was n't as much of a hit as the balls . Great gift !
 Yes , it 's a fun toy for your furry buddy . My little guy loves this . I usually keep this outside in their playpen , because that is where they spin most of the sunny mornings.But when the toy is inside , my little man comes in from his playpen , and gives it a few swats , before bed.I also purchased the turbo track . It is a fun toy ... But I hear it 's not able to be in the sun for a very long time . It may not be true , but I 'm not willing to take a chance.I give this a FIVE star because it 's fun , entertaining , and can go in the sun all day without a problem ! I would recommend .
 I actually bought this at big lots for $ 5 . Same brand but mine is orange w / a crinkly butterfly toy . Let me say this is the absolute best $ 5 purchase of my life ! My 1yr old cat looooves it ! She likes the top & bottom ball as well as her butterfly on top . Yes , a bit noisy but well worth it . I just had to show her how to move the balls & she ws in heaven .
 I have 3 cats . . all very picky with their toys . Most of them are loved for a day or 2 if I am lucky ... some do n't even make it that long . This toy is small and has been sitting in the corner of my living room for a few months now , and almost daily I still find one of the cats playing with it . It 's great ! For the money I could n't have found anything better .
 I would highly recommend this toy for any cat owner . My one yr old cat has lots of fun with this and plays everyday with this , she will even come over to me and chirp to play with her , I 'll flick the ball one way with my finger and she stops it with her paw and bats it back . This is money well spent !
 my cats love it . they have one at a relatives house and their place and they ca n't stop playing with it at night or durring the day .
 Our new kitty loves playing with this toy ! It is the exact same toy that I almost purchased for $ 23.99 at a local pet store , so it was nice to find such a great deal online . Very entertaining .
 This toy is very cute and of good quality . Good buy for busy pet owners who want their cat to enjoy some fun playtime with or without you !
 Bought it for our young cat never thinking out 18 year old cat would play with it but ... He plays with it even more than the younger one . It 's definitely a hit at our house !
 I have a cat family , they crave interaction with each other , but also value time alone with certain toys.This is in their top ten list . I recommend donating one to your local shelter if their cat room has play toys.The quality of the product did not impress me at first , it 's cheap plastic . Yet , longevity as a play toyhas been impressive , over a year now and still has appeal.I write this with one caveat , the toy on top will be chewed off by aggressive chewing . My boys destroyedit in a day . As other toys filled their rooms they came back to this again and again because batting theball around in the circle remains a constant challenge , particularly when their human is too busy to playball with them .
 My cat , Boots , went crazy for it when he got it and it kept him busy for a good 20 minutes straight at a time . Now , a year later , he still goes to it on his own a few times a week and goes nuts with it . Downside , the mouse on top did n't seem to interest him . Pro
 I broke this out of the box for my new kittens on Christmas Day and they took right to it . After they got done , I put it away or they 'll get tired with it . But this is a GREAT toy for cats !
 When the Cheese Chase arrived and I set it out for the cat , he only played with the mouse on top for the first day . But surprisingly , the next morning I heard this noise coming from the next room . It was the cat playing with the balls inside.Now , whenever he comes in from outside , instead of racing for the food dish , he stops at the Cheese Chase for a minute to check it out . It 's been here almost a week and the cat plays with it every day , several times a day.I 'm pleasantly surprised . Money well spent.The cat would give it two thumbs up if he had thumbs .
 My cat loves this toy - plays for hours - finally had to move it on the other side of the house because he kept us awake playing with it at night ! Great toy !
 My cat is really lazy and does n't play much with toys . With this one , he can just lay on the floor and hit the balls . Sometimes when he decides to be active , he can hide and strike at the ball at the bottom . He does n't really play with the thing on the top , but we are getting another cat to befriend with him and we 'll see if she plays with it . but so far , my lazy Siamese cat says yay
 I love this toy for my new kittens , they play it daily . Even play like soccer with each other . Loads and hours of fun for the girls , Ziggi and Chase .
 I bought this for a new kitten in my household . She loves to paw at the balls . Even my older 13-year old cat will play with it . The only drawback is that it is when they play with it during the night , it is loud enough to wake the dog up , who in turn will bark to wake me up .
 I bought this based upon the reviews and find that it is a good toy for the price . My kitten does n't play for hours on it with this but she will play with it and I do n't have to keep entertaining her . I would take the chance and buy this product if you are on the fence .
 I have 6 cats who can be a bit picky , but they all LOVE this toy ! As soon as I put it together and set it down , they were all over it . My kitties play with it all of the time , sometimes 2 or 3 cats at a time .
 My new kitten absolutely adores this toy . When I first showed it to her , she was obviously interested but a bit skeptical . To spark her interest , I would bat the ball around myself a little bit , and that REALLY got her attention , but she was still to scared to pounce . I decided to just leave her be with it , and see if she would figure it out . The next morning , I woke up to the sound of this thing being attacked !!! She plays with the ball on the side most of the time , and when she gets really excited , she 'll play with the one in the middle . She does n't really touch the mouse , but I 'm glad it 's there because it has catnip in it and I 'm sure that 's why she was so interested in the beginning . I hear her playing with this toy almost constantly , she can not get enough of it . I work full time so I 'm glad she has something fun to occupy herself when I 'm at work . If this toy is ever broken , I will replace it immediately .
 If you are looking for an interactive toy for all life stages of cats , try this cat toy . My foster kittens , as well as my adult cats , love to play with this toy . It will get your couch potatoe moving !
 two kittens from the local shelter ... with a dog who just lost his best friend ... one hand swirl with this toy and the kittens did n't stop playing ... they play together ... than individually ... I must say this toy is awesome ! and i am enjoying watching them ... play ... do n't usually write reviews ... but this toy is worth taking the time to say ... awesome find !!
 My kitten loves this , especially when it 's on a hard , level floor as opposed to a rug . He just lays there contentedly batting the ball back and forth . He 's had it for several months and is n't bored of it yet .
 I actually bought this for my 14 week old chihuahua puppy . I was looking for a toy that my big dogs would leave alone and not try to play with , and this is perfect . He absolutely adores this toy and plays with all three elements of it . It keeps him engaged and out of stuff , and like all Petstages toys it is well made and cute . My cats love it too , which is a huge deal for my very cranky 12 year old cat .
 My cats loved t his for about 1-2 days . They played with it a lot , but as time passed they lost interest . Cats are like kids , they all like different things . This toy was sturdy and kept their attention . I 'd recommend it , but the level of interest will depend on your cats -LRB- kids -RRB- ! Mine were 7 months old when I got the toy .
 I have had this for almost a year and my cats still play with it . My cats are 11 and 7 and it 's hard finding them toys that will keep their interest . Just be careful if your cats like to play together . My youngest cat likes to hold down the mouse on the stick and bop my older cat in the head with it . They will play for 10 minutes take a break and go back to it . Not a waste of money .
 I picked this toy up today from Petsmart for my 8-week old Lynx Point Siamese kitten . He seems to really like it . I had previously tried the Bergan Turbo Track but I did n't think it snapped together very well . This one also has a wider gap for him to stick his paws in and move the ball around . He likes to bat the ball around on his own but I think he prefers it when I push the ball around the circle so he can watch it and then paw it back to me . Very cute and interactive . He is still figuring out the mouse part on top and the ball in the center cheese part .
 This is a cute toy and my cat kind of likes it . He usually goes crazy for ball-in-the-wheel toys ; however he wo n't play with it on his own and will only play with it if I move the ball around for him . So , it 's okay , but I wish he would interact with it on his own .
 I just picked this up for my cats . The 9 month old is having a ball with it . He rolls around the ball in the track , the center ball and the attachable mouse toy on top .
 This is the first toy I have come across that has really kept my cats busy . They 've played with it since they were kittens . I 'll get it started by moving the ball and they go nuts . Sometimes I do n't need to even get it started . They love it either way and it 's the only toy I 've seen that really keeps them happy and occupied .
 My cat enjoys most every toy , but amongst the multitude of gifts he received for Christmas this year , this is by far his favorite ! He plays with it at least once a day , if not more and is ssssoooooo active when doing so . It truly is hilarious to watch him play with it . One warning to potential buyers , the balls can be a little noisy when they are being batted around . My husband and I do n't mind , but it could get annoying if this toy were kept in a bedroom or something .
 I got this for a clingy 8 month old kitten I am fostering . He stays in the guest bedroom at night . I put this toy on the bed and he lays on his side batting it back and forth . It 's a good way to keep him occupied when he 's by himself , and it wo n't roll under the closet door or behind the couch . Every now and then I move it to different rooms around the house and it 's like he has a new toy all over again ! It will be interesting to see if my older cats -LRB- 3 and 7 yo -RRB- will use it once he 's gone . They seem to show a little interest in it .
 I picked this up as a Christmas gift for my 15lb cat -LRB- and myself -RRB- . She is very smart and when bored can get into things . This has been keeping her occupied ever since . She has played with all parts of it . I will say being 15lbs she tends to be able to move the thing as well as pick it up in her teeth -LRB- she is a beast -RRB- . She can also have lazy play and put one paw on each side and bat the ball back and forth with out physically moving.i had to put it in the livingroom , 'cause her favorite time to play is at night , and the sound of the ball moving around drove me a little nuts after 1 night . definitely a keeper.Now looking for something else to keep my smart beast occupied !
 I have 5 rescue cats of various ages and temperaments and they ALL love this toy ! They play with it for hours , when I am busy doing other things . It keeps them entertained because they can not figure out why they ca n't remove the ball ! My cats have boxes of toys but this is their favorite . I highly recommend this item .
 I bought this for my 3 month old Ragdoll kitten . He immediately knew what to do with both balls and has not stopped playing with it ! He even goes after the toy on the top ! :-RRB- Keeps him entertained for a LONG TIME !!!!! :-RRB- I 'd STRONGLY recommend this toy !
 We absolutely love this ! . Its the 2nd one we have purchased . All our cats use it and one even knows how to take out the outer ball . This ones was for my brother 's cat who has adopted a foster cat of ours . We did buy a smaller one of another brand for our foster cats but more disappointing and they end liking this one better !
 My cat is half spider monkey , and he loves pushing toys under shelves and into closets with his freakishly long arms . He 's pretty smart as well -LRB- but not too smart for the aforementioned behavior -RRB- . This toy looked perfect for him . But somehow , it took him more than a week to figure out how great this thing is . Then one day , out of the blue , I hear a thwack , then a WHAM from the living room . The thwack was him slapping the ball . The WHAM was him body-slamming the toy into a wall in an attempt to chase the ball down . The bottom of the toy is extremely slick plastic , and it pretty much floats across my wood floors . I keep finding it wedged under the kitchen table , where I guess the cat figures he has a fighting chance at getting the ball . It does n't look like he 's going to figure out that he 'll never get it , so I think he 'll be playing with this for a while .
 Our baby , Ruby , loves this toy . She loves to do a `` drive by '' which is running by and swatting at it ... so cute !
 My cat is VERY picky with his toys , and I often find him playing with cardboard boxes and tissues rather than the new , expensive toys I buy for him . He usually only enjoys playing with dangly toys and small stuffed mice , and he does n't have much interest in balls . However , after reading many good reviews about this toy , I thought I 'd give it a try.It arrived in about five days , and was extremely easy to remove from its packaging . Really . All I needed was a pair of scissors -LRB- as opposed to the axe , chainsaw , and bulldozer normally required for opening packages -RRB- . It was also extremely easy to put together . All I needed to do was put the stick-mouse on the toy . Which only took one second.After putting it together , I put it out for my cat to enjoy . He came over and sniffed it , but only seemed interested in the mouse . At first . I moved the balls around for a while to get his attention , and he switched his focus over to them . He batted around the outer ball for a while , and he really seemed to enjoy the inner ball.All in all , this is a great toy , and I do n't regret buying it at all ! I 'd recommend it to all cat owners -- not just kitten owners -LRB- since my cat is 3 years old and really likes it -RRB- .
 This is a really good buy . My two cats go crazy with this toy lol . Especially with the mouse because it have catnip . Really awesome toy . Should 've gotten one sooner .
 My cats love this toy , and when I recommended it to a friend she found that her cats love it as well . This seems to interest cats for a couple of reasons :1 . The track is translucent so they can see the ball moving but yet it 's not totally accessible so presents more of a challenge .2 . The size seems to be `` just right ''
 This is by far the best cat toy I 've ever purchased . I purchased tons of cat toys for my cat and he always chose their boxes over the actual toy itself . Until this toy ! He loved this . Played with it all the time , never cared about the mouse or the ball on the inside much , but would smack the outside ball for hours . Sadly he became ill and we lost him very suddenly . We now have 2 8 week old kittens . They were a bit terrified when we brought them home , but I showed them this toy and everything changed . They 've been playing with it non stop.Love this toy !
 This is one of two ball track toys I purchased at Amazon.com . They are both excellent values and provide hours of enjoyment for our young kitten .
 I ordered this for my new , very active kitten and she loves it ! She will run around in circles for an hour playing with it . I would definitely recommend it !
 Great toy ! Our new kitten loves it . Plus , you can add extra little toy balls you might buy into the toy so your cat can have multiple balls spinning around the outside of the unit . Extra FUN ! Very durable , too !
 My first kitten did n't care much for this toy , but he 's not very playful . He rolled the ball around a couple times , then gave up . My second kitten LOVES this toy . He will play with it for a very long time - it helps that the ball rolls all they way around with little effort , which keeps my kitten interested . It is a little noisy , but keeps him entertained and active , so I have no complaints !
 Purchased for my indoor cat . He loves this thing ! and will play with it for a long time . I do put it away so that the novelty does n't wear off . Seems to be well-made and so far has withstood the pouncing ! thanks !
 Both cats absolutely love this toy ! Our lazier one just lays on her side and hits the ball and waits for it to come back around to her . The other loves the hitting of the mouse part that sticks up . Would highly recommend this to cat lovers !
 I liked a lot this product , Thanks for all and for a faster shippment . I really will by with you other product .
 My cats LOVE this toy ! It keeps them occupied , and it 's entertaining to watch them play with it . I 've even purchased a few of these as gifts for others too ! Highly recommended .
 If she is in another room and she hears me move the balls she comes bounding toward the sound as if to say , &#34; get your hands off my toy ! &#34; She does play with this toy frequently enough to make it worth the price . She also plays with all aspects of this toy , both of the balls and the tall tube thing in the middle.My cat plays with this toy intermittently for about 3-5 minutes at a time . Although , the fact is that she rarely spends more than 5 minutes on a toy . The only other toy that gets way more usage is the Play-N-Squeak Mouse Hunter which cost less than $ 5 . She plays with that numerous times a day.Overall , this Petstages toy is a good toy because you do n't have to monitor her while she is playing with it . Worth the price since she does use it a few times a day .
 I bought it after reading the reviews and I 'm glad I did , when it arrived as soon as I put it on the floor they went insane , it keeps them entertained for hours .
 I bought this toy to keep my 1-1/2 year old rescue kitty occupied . He is picky about his toys and does n't like to play with the soft toys I 've bought for him . He loves his Bergan Hurricane toy and loved this toy too when I first took it out of the packaging . He played with this toy for quite a while the night I put it out for him and I thought it was going to be a winner . He played with the ball on the side and knocked around the ball on top and really enjoyed it , but I have n't seen him play with it since that time . He showed no interest in the mouse on top of the toy at all . I think I will put this toy away and bring it out again to see if it catches his interest again . The balls in this toy are very lightweight . The ball on the side moves smoothly around the track and does not get stuck . This appears to be a well-made toy . My cat does still enjoy playing with the cardboard packaging from the toy so that is a plus .
 We have lots of toys for our cats that require us to be on the other end of the process -- throwing , dangling , etc. -- but this little gem allows them to entertain themselves on their own ! All three of them like it -LRB- one LOVES it ! -RRB- and they play with it a little differently , with one laying on her side and using two paws to try and get the ball out and another smacking the &#34; stand-up &#34; part in the middle . I 've seen them before and wish I 'd gotten one sooner !
 We bought this adorable toy for our new 4 mo. old kitten ~ it was a hit from go ! She played with this toy all evening . She has continuously come back to the toy for more fun . She loves both ball sections and wrestles with the little mouse on top . We adore watching her play with this and seeing how much fun she is having . A good kitty workout ! It is well constructed and looks really cute . You wo n't regret buying this for your baby .
 Best cat toy I 've ever bought . I wanted to find something that my fat , lazy cat - Oreo - would play with . I 've tried various things with him such as long sticks with strings and feathers , small mice toys , etc. and nothing has interested him . He even gets scared sometimes when I try to dangle toys in front of him . He loves this thing !! The opening on the bottom is big enough for his giant paws . I hear him in the office every morning going to town on this thing , seriously every single morning . Our other 3 cats are interested in it too , at least a little . Success !
 When I first took this out of the package my cat was more interested in the box , but I left him alone and ten minutes later he was ALL about this toy . Now I ca n't get him to come cuddle . Best investment ever in my opinion . Kudos to the creators !
 I 'm a night owl and stay up with my kitten . Which works out really well for him , but not so much for the people living bellow us . So , I bought this hoping it would minimize the dashing across the hallway and it has !! I bring it out after hours and it keeps him busy for a while . He has the option to run around it chasing the ball or be lazy and paw it back and forth . He loves and I like it just as much because I do n't have to worry about being a nuisance .
 The Petstages Cheese Chase Ball Track cat toy is loved by both my cats . They frequently initiate play throughout the day . Even my puppy likes it . Definitely one of the best pet toys I 've ever bought . Your cat will love it !
 My cats tire of toys quickly but they have remained fairly interested in this toy over the last several months . They love batting the elevated mouse and moving the interior balls . I placed several additional balls inside the track that they can actually remove and they enjoy this a lot . I have the toy in the basement because it actually makes considerable noise while they are playing with it . I 've seen other track toys with relatively sharp edges but this one is nicely made and does n't have any sharp edges . It 's a good toy to keep your cat occupied .
 This is a well-made track toy , with two tracks and balls plus a fat little mouse on top of a spring-thing . It 's nice and sturdy and cute . I 've had hours and hours of fun with it.Unfortunately , my cat has nothing but contempt for it . In the six months we 've had this , she has slapped it twice , while I 've tripped over it four times in the night.Still , I think this sort of toy would be a big hit with kittens , because by the time a cat has grown to adulthood , they 've already figured out how pathetic you are with regard to toys .
 I have five cats , a rabbit , and a sheltie puppy and all seven of them absolutely love this toy . Ours has a butterfly on it instead of a mouse but I ca n't see where that would make a difference . It is durable enough to withstand our 12 week old sheltie and I find it easy to clean . I just pop off the yellow top and snap it back on when finished cleaning . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I foster cats and kittens for the local animal shelter , and this is my standard `` go to '' toy to keep everybody entertained . It 's perfect for litters because there are so many play options - some of them can bat the outer ball around , while others chase the inner ball and someone else chews on the crinkle toy . If the sound of the ball going around and around is going to drive you nuts , this probably is n't the toy for you , because it 's going to get played with a LOT . I think I 've had one foster -LRB- out of around 30 since I bought this toy -RRB- that did n't want to play with it , and he did n't play with anything.The only con is that cleaning can be a bit of a hassle , trying to get the vacuum hose into the middle there . But mostly I just pull off the crinkle toy and stick it in the wash , then immerse the rest in a bleach solution , in between litters , so that 's not really a complaint .
 The toy itself is very well made , but just does n't seem exciting to my 6-month old kitten . I 've had this for a couple months now and she played with it only a few times , lazily laying on the floor and batting at the ball , looking bored . Moving the ball for her does n't seem to help.As with most cats , new toys can be hit or miss , just depending on what they fancy . My cat 's all-time favorites , out of all the fancy toys we 've gotten her , seem to be plain little 1-inch pom-poms . Go figure ...
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my sister 's cats . The product arrived on time and in good condition . My sister has two cats . One cat showed little interest in the toy , but the other absolutely adores it . He works so hard to try to get the balls out of the inside ring and he fawns over the catnip mouse .
 We have tried/reviewed/explored other products and a common complaint is that the ball does n't stay on some of the tracks and/or the toy is fun only for kittens . This was for an older cat who , although did not show an interest in the top mouse toy , he enjoyed the balls on the track when we put treats along the tracks . It entertained a relatively sedentary cat into &#34; hunting &#34; a bit for his treats .
 When we received this product as a gift , I thought there was no way Milo -LRB- our 8 month old kitten -RRB- would play with this thing.It took him some time to warm up to it , but sure enough , he did . He lied down right next to it and put both front paws into the side , then hit the ball across with one paw , and back with the other.Weeks later , he still plays with this thing -LRB- at least once a day ! -RRB- . Other cats look entertained , but because he lies down to play with it , he just looks bored . Either way , it 's something for him to do -LRB- as he is the only cat in the house -RRB- . He plays with the mouse on the very top , which also surprised me . It does take up a bit of floor space -LRB- it was bigger than I had expected , but it is n't much of a problem -RRB- . Overall , this is a great toy and I highly recommend it .
 My cats both love this thing . One just lays down next to it and swats at the ball as it passes , she acts like it 's a bad thing too , if we turn around to watch her and she notices , she jumps up with a trill , seemingly embarrassed , and walks away .
 Out of all my kittens toys this one is definitely her favorite ! I love this , it really keeps Lulu busy . She plays with both balls & loves to attack the mouse . She plays with it maybe 5 or 6 times a day . My adult cat likes to play with it too . When or if this breaks I will definitely buy another .
 Bought this as a gift for my friend 's cats . Her 9 month old kitten LOVED it and aparently immediately went to it and began playing . The other cat showed lots of interest but the younger one loved it so much he would n't allow her to play with it . Great little toy , really colorful and has 3 interactive areas . I 'll probably have to order a second one since they wont share . I would definitely recommend .
 New kitty loved it and caught on to the game easily . Lots of action . Would buy again . Older cats were bored .
 Out new kitten loves this toy . It seems to be made pretty well , too . My young daughter ripped out the outside rim ball , but it popped right back in and since I moved it , and she has n't touched it , it 's stayed in place . The mouse at the top is fun for kitty to play with . It has a filling of noisy plastic , so it makes that crinkley sound . I would recommend !
 My cat loves this ! First she tried to hold down the cute catnip mouse to smell the catnip but the string wouldnt let her , it was so cute then i had to show her that if u hit the ball it would go around and now she hits it and tries to pull it out . this is cute and cool ! a must have !
 To be honest , I bought this for my own benefit ! I have an EXTREMELY people-centered Siamese who demands constant attention 24/7 . I am a busy law student , who sometimes needs a little solo time to get work done -LRB- God forbid -RRB- . I have gotten her balls to chase in the past , but they always end up under the couch . So , I tried this thing . My cat barely let me get it out of the box . She attacked the catnip-filled mouse like a junkie being offered a free fix , drool and all.Pros
 Length :
 Any cat caretaker knows that their pleasure is much more important than any mere human 's . I am here to type a review on behalf of my cats . They offered to post a review themselves , but I gently explained to them that most Amazon customers simply are not sophisticated enough to translate lines of &#34; apjo 9uig - s0df - &#34; into something comprehensible to our small and insignificant brains ... and so if they would please allow me to convert their melodious &#34; meows &#34; into the crass language of humans , I was certain that many other feline overlords would definitely be on the receiving end of this Ball Track . After further mentioning that they should not wear themselves out with the onerous exertion of typing , they agreed.My furry keepers have advised that dipping the mouse topper of this Ball Track into catnip -LRB- Yeoww ! brand preferred -RRB- is a requirement for their ongoing pleasure . They have also said that they very much enjoy the minor challenge -LRB- VERY minor , my one cat assures -RRB- of fitting their paws between the top and bottom of this Ball Track so as to send the outer ball spinning around the toy . They appreciate the contrast between this and their other ball track toy , because the other presents no challenge to pushing the ball with their noses instead - should they deign to do so out of sight of human beings.They have also offered a bit of a warning to their front-clawed comrades -LRB- I 'll note that we did NOT remove their claws - both of my feline overlords are rescues who came to us that way -RRB- ... they worry that a clawed comrade might find him or herself catching their claws on the somewhat narrow center holes of the Ball Track when trying to bat the inner ball around . They suggest that human caretakers watch to see if this is an issue for their furred masters.My Lady and Lord have allowed that I may indulge in a very small piece of cheesecake this evening as a reward for purchasing this bit of entertainment for them ... of course , the bulk of that small piece is first to be given to them as tribute , but I am grateful for receiving any treat at all , knowing how unworthy I am of such charity .
 I just bought this for my 8 week-old active kitten ! I needed something to keep kitty occupied during the day time while I am at work . This little toy seems to do the trick ! Kitty easily was amused for a good 1/2 hour last night if not more . She 'd play for a bit , walk away and then come back and pounce on it again ! I know she 'll be easily amused for a good amount of the day while I 'm at work , and sleep for the rest!As my little one is still new I needed to show her how it worked , first by batting the balls around once or twice myself , and then taking her little paw and batting the balls . After that she quickly picked up and started playing with both the cheese ball and the lower ball . My little one is still too young to be attracted to cat nip , but she definitely noticed that there was something ` odd ' about the mouse and the way it smelled.I do have one complaint . My apartment has tile floors and this toy has nothing on the bottom to prevent it from moving across the floor when your kitty gets a bit rough with their play . If you have tile/wood floors you may want to add some kind of traction to the bottom of it to prevent it from getting batted around and potentially scratching up your floor . Or put it on top of some carpet where it may not move as much . Also the mouse topper does n't move very well , but for now it 's alright as my kitty has n't discovered it yet .
 They just love it . I got it a year ago and they are still playing with it -LRB- imagine that -RRB- . Typically they will love a toy for a while and get sick of it . I can go to this toy , spin the ball around and they will hear it and come running down because they think it 's play time.It 's nice to have a toy that does n't require interaction between people & cat because she has something to play with while I am sleeping .
 Petstages Cheese Chase Ball Track for Cat ToyThis is the second Cheese Chase I purchased because my cats love it so much . They play alone with it and also with each other . It is tough because they end up moving it across the floor and sometimes knocking it down the stairs . They have had their first Cheese Chase for years and it is still all in one piece . Pet Stages makes very good cat toys .
 I am raising four kittens born to a feral mother , and , wow ! , are they ever active . I bought this toy to see if it would keep them entertained , and they sure have gotten my money 's worth ! It takes all of about twenty seconds to assemble right out of the packaging
 my kitten plays with the toy for hours , drives her nuts . It 's very sturdy , shes tried to rip up the mouse but even Prissy ca n't get it off . with the 2 balls she never gets bored .
 My daughter 's cat has n't stopped playing with this . He spends so much time trying to figure out where the ball is . It is an excellent cat toy and I highly recommend it .
 My 11 week old kitten absolutely ADORES this toy!Just got it this morning , and not only did she sit directly by me while I took it out of the box , but once it was up and ready , she started playing with it and has n't stopped since ! Going on about 20 minutes now : pI am very happy with this purchase : -RRB-
 This toy is out of the box assembled and only needs to have the center pole with the mouse inserted . Takes a few seconds , and you 're done ! It takes up very little space for so much fun ! My two 15 week old kittens like the ball games , and even though they do n't bother much with the mouse on top , there 's plenty to play with here . One advantage to this type of toy is that the balls are contained and will not get lost behind furniture . 5 meows !
 Our male cat lays next to this toy and lazily bats the ball back and forth just like others have described.BUT , all 3 cats have rubbed and chewed the little butterly on top until the stuffing came out . -LRB- We have had it a long time . -RRB- I emailed the company -LRB- very nice people -RRB- and they sent me a replacement part.Thank you - Thank you - Thank you !
 While both my kitten , and my adult cat showed interest in the toy at first , it is the kitten who really spends a lot of time with it . It was well worth the price to me , for so many hours of amusement . He plays with all three parts , which is awesome . It keeps him from constantly attacking my adult cat , who is quite fed up with him . I will be checking out other products from this manufacturer .
 I opened the box to several pairs of slightly intrigued eyes . Took out the toy and immediately the balls were rolling and the cats were clamoring all over me to get to it . I did n't even insert the ` mouse on a stick ' and they were playing with the balls in their tracks.That was yesterday . They are still playing , and with my cat family 's size , I need another one of these to relive some of the competition . I just now sent in an order to AMAZON for a 2nd Pestages Cheese Chase.I supposed the enthusiasm will decrease over time , but then I will just put this away for a while and bring it back again as I do with some of their other toys . And I 'll insert the ` stick mouse ' next time.My cats also have 3 of theseHagen Catit Design Senses Play Circuit , Originalwhich I set up as large S shapes . They play with those regularly and I recommend them highly also.This toy requires no assembly aside from sticking the mouse into a hole on top - again , which I did n't have time to do before the cats wanted to play . I think it is well made for the price and should last . The mouse is a soft fabric toy and it will probably get removed from its stick perch by my cats . And the tracks do n't necessarily need that mouse on a stick to be a great toy !
 We just got a new golden retriever puppy and I had ordered this toy for him . I thought it might be a bit large for him at first , but within a day , it has become his favorite toy because he can grab it by the neck or wing and swing it around with his head - great fun ! He likes to sleep on top of it as a pillow , and also loves laying down with it and biting on the torso to make the duck quack . I hope it lasts a while !
 my dog LOVES these . unfortunately she kills the squeeker after a couple months and this makes her really mad ... so i have to buy a new one .
 My lab loves it , although mine came with a blue neck , not like the one in the picture . He broke the squeeker in it within 3 days but he always does that . Great toy !
 A Christmas gift for my favorite dog - it was clear immediately that I had made the right choice . The `` quack '' is very realistic and my 4 legged friend loves it .
 My dog loves this toy ! I purchased a similar one for him at Walmart that was a little larger . I returned to the store and was unable to find any more of them so I ordered several of the Hartz Quackers Ducks . He should have enough to last for quite some time .
 Our lab also loves these ducks . They are better than the version without wings . Unfortunately our little guy has taken to chewing off the duck 's face . Despite the destruction , this toy has lasted longer for us than most dog toys . It is still fun and I ca n't seem to stop buy him a new one .
 Our 2 Labs have been through a few of these and LOVE THEM ! We have been through 3 of them though because they play tug of war with it because they both want the duck and it does end up ripping , and they still continue to drag it around after all the stuffing has been pulled out ... something about this toy makes it their favorite , with or without the stuffing . They really love the ` honker ' inside too !
 nice the best present for any dog . i recomend good fiber . not a present for one day is a good presentthe best !!
 My German Shepard loves the Duck sound that comes from the toy ! It 's nice to give your dog a variety of sounds when purchasing toy 's for them .
 This is my Chocolate Labs most favorite toy . I have pruchased him many of these . He will fall asleep with it in his mouth !
 I got one for my Mom 's dog . She is a one year old Boxer.She absolutely loved it . She carried it everywhere . Every time anyone would come over . She would put it in their lap and show it off.But she destroyed it in a week or two.So I bought her another one for Christmas and I also purchased another one for my father-in-law 's dog .
 Had to return the first duck as its quacker was just a bit dead . But this one came only a day later and it quacks just like it 's supposed to ! My dog will have a Merry Christmas now !
 After reading the other reviews , it 's possible these ducks may be more suited to a dog with a `` gentle '' mouth like a Lab or Retriever . I mean , think about it - Labs and Retrievers are bred to retrieve shot game birds and gently bring them back to the hunter without chewing up the bird.My Black Lab loved this toy from the minute she saw it . And the realistic internal quacking mechanisms have all worked flawlessly . She carries it around , brings it to me to toss for her to fetch , sleeps with it and pretty much always knows exactly where it is . If I say `` Go get your duck ! '' she runs off to get it and brings it right to me . -LRB- This is n't a huntng dog , just a pet . Is n't genetics amazing ? -RRB- We are on our 3rd Hartz Quacker duck , with 2 more `` spares '' in the cupboard . The 1st one went AWOL after several months - I think she buried it somewhere . The 2nd one was just retired after about a year because the quacker had become too hard for her to make work - I guess several thousand quacks took its toll . It had been awhile since she had been able to make it quack , so when I switched it out with a new one she was ecstatic.I ca n't imagine her not having one of these toys . It makes her very happy !
 I have two of these duckc , my dogs love them . I personally do not like buying the dogs stuffed animals becuase their goal is to destroy them and leave filling scattered through out the house . I have owned these ducks for over 2 years and my dogs play with them frequently . They have been through the wash countless times , always come out clean -LRB- use little detergent on hot for full cycle , then run full cycle , hot again using no detergent add 2 cups vinegar where you put the bleach . The vinegar removes all the remaining detergents leaving the toy safe for your dog , it will not smell of vinegar , it will rinse away in final rinse -RRB- . These two ducks have out lasted countless number of toys and have not rip on them . The only down side is when the two of them fight over one . That can be a bit annoying with all the quacking.This is a great toy , I recommend it for all dogs , it a must have in my opinion . Its cheap but not cheaply made . I have never seen any other dog stuffed animal toy last as long as these two ducks .
 Our 10-week old corgi puppy absolutely LOVES this toy . The squeaker sounds just like a real duck . After 5 days of almost constant play , the squarker is nearly dead and has a very weak quack . However , he still loves chewing on it and going duck hunting . Even with his sharp puppy teeth , the duck is still in tact and has no rips or tears . Execellent toy and we will buy another !
 My lab loves her duck and carries it everywhere . . The Duck is larger than I expected and the sound is very realistic . My dog has had her duck for about 2 months now and all is well . I plan on buying another one !
 this duck was basically my puppy 's first love ; he really enjoyed this duck , the very real duck sounds it made and the way it felt when he carried it around from the neck . Despite the fact that my dog destroys all things plush within minutes , this one is the winner of the plush tough toys for us . No , it 's still not intact , but , it took him a couple of months to finally destroy it . Yes , we had to sew it up a few times at the beak/eyes and tummy . but , it was worth it . He loved this toy and if it were n't for the vet banning plush toys from my puppy , I would buy multiple ducks for him to hunt :-RRB- definitely worth it , especially for the not so aggressive hunter .
 I bought this for a friends 's puppy , a mix of lab and pointer and she absolutely loves it and goes crazy with it .
 My little Buddy loves this . I got it on a half off sale and could not resist.The minute I got home he sniffed it out and started to go at it . He loves the honking sound near to bottom . I squeeze it a bit and toss it and he goes running . I love when he thinks of it and suddenly runs and brings it to me . That tells me he likes it.My boy is not an aggressive chewer but has been known to rip up a few toys and quickly , but not this one .
 I actually got 2 of these for my dogs at Walmart for about $ 3 each . One of my dogs loves duck toys , and it works very well for him because he does n't chew to destroy . However , it is a plush toy , so my other dog -LRB- who is a semi-destructive chewer , depending on her mood -RRB- tore them apart in a matter of minutes .
 Nice product , very soft . We got it for our pet , but anyone would like it . Shipping was fast . Item is just as described .
 Odin likes to tear up his toys in seconds but his duck he carries around proudly for all to see . He has had it now for about two weeks and it is still in one piece ... amazing !
 This duck is my mini schnauzer 's favorite ! He got it for his first birthday . He is now almost 4 and I have replaced it probably 5 times , in almost 3 years . I replace whenever I see a tear , so he does n't get the squeaker out and choke on it . But it has held up well to lots of rough play . I will continue to buy this same duck . He knows it by name - we actually call it `` goose '' because he has another stuffed duckling that we call `` duck '' . Love this toy !
 Our 3 yr old Old English Beardie mix loves this toy ! He plays with it like a puppy every day and gets lots of fun exercise . This is his second one . The first one lasted a year and a half of rough play.Hartz Quackers Plush Duck Dog Toy , Colors Vary !
 We bought this duck for our first Boston , the first day we got him . It happened to be sold at the commissary here on base . He loved it that day , over the monkey with rope arms , and he still loves it . We have to get him a new one once a month or so , because he -LRB- oddly -RRB- sucks on the butt , to fall asleep . He 's 11/2 now , and still does this . If he 's bored , I say `` Where 's your duck ? '' and he runs around till he finds it . Now that we have a new Boston puppy , we have to keep two in the house at once , cause the puppy is trashing them pretty quick . But once they 're a little older and done tearing up everything in site , they last longer .
 The product is okay -- but so far , no birds -LRB- including bluebirds -RRB- will have anything to do with it . Maybe you will have better luck .
 The product is very nice and is as described.I order 2 and after a few weeks got one , never got the other one ... canceled the order.Shame
 I 'll let the wrens speak for this . I bought four houses this spring , and we had a 100 % occupancy rate . Not sure of how many chicks , but they did a lot of chirping when hungry . These are easy to hang , and easy to clean . Ca n't say how long they 'll hold up , but it appears they 'll last a while . Jim Rossi
 I have three litter boxes , and four cats . I scoop quite regularly and I find often , because my cats like the corners of the litter boxes that everything sticks there.So I used this in all three boxes when I did my monthly complete clean of the litter area . I sprayed this in and waited fifteen minutes as the directions said . It did still look wet , but I poured the litter in anyway and for about the first week of the month this spray really makes scooping a breeze . Then it seems to wear off and I have three weeks of the old sticky scooping before I do the complete clean again . So I find it helpful , but wished it would last longer .
 Anything that hekps litter not to stick to the rake or bottom of litterbox is appreciated Heard about this from a friend and decided to try it . It woeks okay and if you are having trouble with litter sticking to the littermaid rake , I would recommend you try this .
 Great Idea . Offers easier cleanup . This was the first product of this kind on that I have found , glad I have tried it .
 This product seems to really work . I get so grossed out with the litter box that I typically take it outside and hose it out . However , with this product , I can clean any stuck yuk off the bottom of my self cleaning litter box to keep it working smoothly .
 Does exactly what is says it will . We have 2 cats and they had no issues when we spayed the litter . And it makes clean up that much easier . NO MORE SCRAPING .
 it helps the scoop to stop sticking . doesnt do much for the box though , but for the scoop it is worth it .
 Like other reviewers have mentioned , you do need to wait for it to dry for 15-20 minutes and it wears off after about 1 week . If you scrape the clean litter away from the clump the clump will actually fall of the side of the box ! You need to scoop 1-2 times a day because if the clumps get to big they will not fall away as easily .
 I purchased the SmartScoop No-Stick Litter Box Spray and I have to say I was impressed . Yes , it does take at least 20 minutes to dry -LRB- I still have to blot it with a paper towel . The first week it makes my life 100 % better and easier when it comes to cleaning the potty box . Around the second week it starts to kind of go back to sticking but to me it 's worth the price and I 'm really pleased with the product .
 This stuff is absolutely great ! After I scoop my two litterboxes behind my two big cats , I give about three squirts on top of the litter . I no longer smell pee or poop . I do n't smell the litterboxes at all . I am very impressed with this product . It really works and I think the cats like it . Highly recommended . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Item came early and as described . I 've never had a problem with anything I 've ordered from amazon and I order quite a bit .
 I bought a small sample of this at a pet store recently and tried it . It really works well and makes litter-box cleaning much easier . I went to the manufacturer 's site and discovered that one could but it on Amazon.One important point
 As the mom in a multi-cat household , cleaning litter boxes was a three times a day chore made difficult for someone with a bad back by having to apply pressure to scrape the corners and bottoms of the boxes . With this new product , named one of the year 's best by the editors of Cat Fancy , my `` chores '' are so much easier now ! Basically a cat-safe `` Pam '' for litter boxes , this product is sprayed on the inside of the boxes , making scooping a breeze ! The litter no longer sticks to the sides and bottom of the boxes , and my scoop -LRB- also sprayed -RRB- glides right through the litter now . The scoop stays clean , and this product also makes the litter clump even better , reducing the small particles usually left behind . I find that I 'm using less litter , thus reducing costs as well . I highly recommend this product to anyone with cats , and am so glad I found it !
 I first learned about this product less than 2 years ago while looking to purchase a self-cleaning litterbox . It 's price at Walmart was under $ 6.00 but I decided to purchase it anyway , thinking I could just return it if I did n't like it . I do n't like it , I love it!You can clean the litter box in a clean , efficient and timely manner ! I use and love Fresh Step litter and spray the sides after every 2nd cleaning , sometimes I go 4 cleanings before spraying again . I have 3 cats and 2 litterboxes , and my one cat is a big , fat , fluffy cat ! He urinates right on the side of the box , making it harder to clean up , and the bottom of the box too ! This spray makes it super easy for the feces and urine to just come out of the box . I believe in a good quality litter , but having this spray makes it so much easier . I have literally spent 20 minutes cleaning out a box , sweating while trying to scrape the sides of the box , and then get mad at myself for not buying a refill spray ! You will definitely spend 5-10 minutes or less when using this spray!The directions tell you to spray and wait to put the litter on , but I ca n't , so I just spray generously on the bottom and sides by tipping the litterbox to either side after cleaning . Then I do a good cleaning once a month . I also use the spray on the litter scooper too . The ingredients are not harmful and not smelly at all . I used to be able to find it at Walmart , but not anymore , so I now pick it up online here . I love Amazon and their prices are awesome , combined with free shipping and great customer service .
 We have the LitterMaid automatic litter box and the spray really helps keep the litter from sticking to the rake and the bottom . Our cat uses one corner of the litter box and the clumping litter was always sticking to the rake ... not since we started using this . Our neighbors , who also have the same litterbox , have borrowed our spray , love how it works and have now bought their own bottle . Have to re-apply the spray every 4-6 weeks .
 A necessity for anyone with a litter box and works great with any litter box
 Thankfully , it is no longer a struggle to scoop up litter from the bottom and corners of litterboxes . I have tried all kinds of brands of clumping litter over the years ; seeking one that would work but this is the perfect product that does the magic ; which is a godsend when one has a kitty that prefers using the sides of the litterbox rather than the middle and we know how litter in the corners and sides refuse to clump for some reason . If you are hesitating , do n't
 I sprayed this stuff on when I first bought my boxes and several months later I still have n't had to reapply . My cat 's are fans of making the litter clump at the bottom of the box , but with this spray it 's not hard to get off . I also recommend you spray your scooper ! Great product !
 This product makes it so easy to scoop out your buddies ' deposits . Just so easy to spray before filling with litter . I highly recommend it .
 I used Frontline when we first got our dog from the SPCA . She got fleas anyway so I changed to Advantix . I LOVE the product !! I had to use Frontline for one month awaiting for the delivery of Advantix and my dog got fleas !!!! I will never use Frontline again . I will ALWAYS use Advantix.I have told Pet Stores and vets my experience and every time the response is they hear the same story and they too prefer Advantix to Frontline.If you have a choice use Advantix .
 We live in Italy where they have an unusual strain of disease carried by mosquitoes , and vets recommend this product above all others as the best protection a dog can get ! Easy to use with no negative attributes ! Great buy !
 THe pricing is great . I shopped around a tons of websites and this is the best price i found . I always buy it from here now
 I have used this product since my dog was a puppy , approximate 3 years now.I found that buying the 6 month supply gets the most for your money.After several engine searchs , I felt that I received the best pricing through Amazon.I recommend this product to all dog lovers out there .
 After ordering this product on-line from another source for years , I was thrilled to see it carried by Amazon . Same great product , good price , PLUS free shipping and buying from the safety of AMAZON . How do you beat that ???
 We had hit a brick wall with Frontline and Advantage . Neither worked anymore , and our dog is allergic to fleas and so had an awful case of dermatitis . Our only choice the last year was to put her on steroids , so that it was n't complete torture . The fleas were still everywhere on her , and she gained 20 pounds , and her skin was in just horrible condiiton from all of the bites . I am sure she had to have been anemic . She really was literally dying . I had never heard much about K9 , but I had nothing to lose . It was magic - 3 days later - nothing , not one flea . We are SOOOO grateful . She is a different dog . So , lesson is - dont give up if one or even two products dont work - try a third!UPDATE
 I have used this product on my dog before and it works quite well however I do not believe that any flea and tick product is 100 % . My dod still gets an occiasional tick but has not had problems with fleas . We live on 15 acres with lots of weeds and hay so their are a large number of ticks out there . This the first time I ordeered it online had some problems with shipping but the company took care of it quickly and refunded my shipping and sent an extra month supply which I think ws more then generous .
 It 's a really bad flea season this year and k9 advantix keeps them little nasty bugs off my puppy .
 Great product . My vet says it 's better than frontline because it also repels ticks and mosquitoes.Amazon has the lowest price on the net for it .
 This works well for my dog -- I have been using the product for about a year .
 I live in the south where fleas are a problem . I use this product on a monthly basis on 2 dogs . They have never had a negative reaction to it . It kills fleas and keeps killing them . I love this product . I will buy this product again .
 I 've had dogs all my life , and this is the best flea/tick product I 've used . I have been using K9 Advantix on both of my current dogs since they were puppies , and it works very well . I live in a swampy , woodsy area , so this is pretty good stuff . I was concerned at first because I had heard that it can cause adverse neurological reactions in some dogs , but my vet said it is perfectly safe and that those reactions could be caused by any flea/tick product if a dog is sensitive to the ingredients . This product is definitely worth buying .
 I was a little worried that this product wouldnt work . When I received it the very next day , and applied it to my dog It started to work immediately . I would definitely recommend this to another person ... Also the shipping was excellent !
 This company is a pleasure to work with AND this is absolutely the cheapest price I 've found for Advantix .
 Real K9 Advantix . Best option to save a ton of money and get effective flea treatment . Quality vial and syringe also .
 The product was received fairly quickly and it is exactly what I ordered . Will order it again from the same vendor .
 My doggies were itching because I do n't always give them treatment during the winter . We were hit with a quick infestation . Fortunately , I got the package on time so my babies do n't have to suffer any longer . Thank you !!
 I was very pleased with the quality and shipment of this product . It shipped and was received very quickly and was exactly what I ordered . Great product , great service !
 Same thing as we get at our vet , but a lot cheaper . Other sites are comparable , but I already know the service is good with Amazon , so we keep getting it here .
 I want the best for my dogs and Advantix is the best . Thank you Amazon for the continued good prices .
 The seller sent this item extremely quickly and it arrived in the expected condition -LRB- great -RRB- . Thanks !
 it works really wellu can put it on when dog is damp still from bathworx against ` skeeters , fleas , tickskeeps her from scratching and from biting off the fur on her buttlasts a monthworth the money
 When spring came we found our Husky/Shepard mix suddenly covered in fleas ! She was supposed be have been protected by Frontline , but it was n't working for some reason . We tried a dose of K9 Advantix and it worked wonders . I really like the way Advantix repels and kills ; which is more then Frontline does . That really helps keep the indoor pets safe too . The only downside is that it 's not waterproof . I can see that being a problem for some dogs , fortunately we 're able to work around it .
 I have been using this brand for 2 dogs over 4 years now and have had consistently good results . I tried the other major brand for a short time but am much happier with K9 Advantix .
 We use this product in addition to a collar as we live in wooded area with many deer and other animals that carry ticks . Works well for our lab who loves the outdoors and water .
 I 've been using this product for several years and never had any issues with my dog having tics , fleas , etc. . This stuff is easy to apply and although pricey , a great product . Now that it is available without a prescription I will purchase from Amazon in the future .
 Used this for hte last 2 years on my 45 lbs Lab , and it protects her quite well . Has not given her any health issues at all . No fleas or any other bites since we started using this product . Overall I would recommend especially for larger dogs .
 I bought this product after discovering multiple ticks on my dog last fall . I had been giving him Advantage , and still was finding ticks . Turns out that ticks can still attach to a dog that has been treated with advantage , and they just will die soon after . My issue was that I did n't even want ticks attaching and finding their way into my house ! My dog has been using Advantix for a month now and I am super happy ! The month before I applied it , Spring was just beginning and I had already found 3 ticks on him , and since the treatment -- None ! Not even the little buggers who are on the surface of the fur when we come in from hikes . I am very happy with this product . Furthermore , he has not any adverse reactions that some other reviewers report . He is happy as a clam , and tick free : -RRB-
 Have only used one treatment so far that was supposed to last a month . During the month I found two ticks on my dog one of which was found only a couple days after the application of the K9 Advantix for dogs 55 lbs and over . The ticks are quite bad this year , but I expected better results . If the results are better after the 2nd month 's application ; I 'll update my review.UPDATE : So I 've been using K9 on my dog for several months now and have not found anymore ticks on him . He 's outside very often , so my conclusion is the K9 is definitely working well . Please disregard my first review . Apparently , it takes some time for it to really start working well . I changed my review from 3 stars to 5 stars
 summer of 2010 I tried Frontline and another one that I ca n't recall name and I had used this one in the past but I could n't find it locally , that is the only reason I even tried the others the vet recommended but nothing worked . I ordered this online and within hrs they were all gone from my dog and I did n't have any problems with it hurting her . This is the only product i would ever recommend for fleas and ticks
 We use this once a month on our dog and she is flea free , so I ca n't complain . Have n't noticed any negative side effects with this and we 've been using it for over two years .
 We live in an area with lots of ticks and my puppy had several . After using this product I would find a tick crawling on the puppy but it never embedded . In fact , after a few months of use I stopped seeing any ticks . She has n't had any fleas .
 This product was recommended when I adopted my dog . I had been buying it at a local pet-supply shop that had only one size package . When I discovered that it came in packages with different numbers of applications , I compared the cost per application and found a less expensive way to purchase it , even with shipping costs . The product works well for us and paying less is always popular .
 great service and price . It works very well on our pet . The price was the best to be found . Glad I bought the 6 month supply
 Excellent product . Very effective in controlling fleas and ticks for dogs over 55 pounds . Would recomment to all dog owers and dogs lovers . I also use their cat products .
 Works great . . My dogs are very happy being flea and tick free . . Just one pack had a coulpe usesIn it for both of them
 The answer to the million dollar question about this item , the expiration date is well within usable time frame . This is a genius way to package this product for pet owners like myself it accommodates pets in different weight classes . I purchase one for myself and one for my parents incredibly cost effective ! I only thing I thought was odd in the shipping my parents , who live further away from the shipping location got their order before I got mine .
 We use this on our 5 yr old Cock-a-poo and have all her life . She does not have any adverse effects for it and we will certainly keep using it .
 We have three dogs age 16,15 & 5 . They have been on K9 Advantix all their lives with no ill effects . The product does the job very well . The dogs are happy and we are happy .
 I researched the web for K9 Advantix Flea Control and Amazon had the best price . Having 3 Golden Retrievers , it came in a convenient 6 pack for a 3 month treatment for each dog . I would buy Advantix from Amazon again .
 This product is simply wonderful . Not only does it keep off the normally crawlies it keeps mosquitoes off too which is great because we live in heartworm country . It is a great added measure for protection .
 it 's definitely worth it to get this stuff . It works just as well as frontline and any other major brand but it 's much more affordable . I have a husky who was INFESTED by other dogs at the dogpark -LRB- with owners who apparently do n't give a damn about their pets health involving fleas -RRB- and it 's hard to tell if the fleas are gone yet -LRB- it 's only been about 10 hours , the box suggests 12 hours will completely rid of them -RRB- because his fur is so thick , but so far he has n't been scratching . You have to watch your dog afterwards because mine tried to lick it off his back , but he did n't have any adverse reactions to it . Adverse reactions have to do with rare allergic reactions that the dog has or the owner trying to use a flea treatment meant for bigger dogs on their smaller dog to save money . Both are the fault of the owner , if you think your dog may have an allergic reaction you should take it to the vet for advice and if you think you 're going to save money by doing the second option you 're probably going to kill your dog .
 I 've never seen a flea or tick on my dog and I credit this product . However , she hates when I apply it - afterwards she runs around the house in a very agitated way . It obviously makes her uncomfortable for perhaps an hour . The vet recommended spreading the does along several spots along the spine -LRB- which the updated set of directions recommends -RRB- which decreased the length of time she seems agitated but not the intensity.I plan to use the product year-round as we have deer that run through the yard and may leave behind pests .
 Amazing how fast this came and exactly as ordered . This product works just as advertised . Would not use anything else . What a bargain too ! Will definitely buy from this seller again . : -RRB-
 my dog had tons of fleas within 1 week they were gone gave him a bath after 3 weeks and there were no problems . but he ate one of the fleas and now he has tapeworms but other than that the flea control was good . just bought some tapeworm medicine ... ill see how that works later ...
 I just needed a flee control and that 's what i have received.Very fast shipping was + + + I do n't think the manufacturers make these in 6 pack so the seller broke the other 2 parts and included in a new box . So just keep that in mind . Other than that it was a fantastic transaction and will continue getting these from the seller.I did n't get this to prevent mosquitoes and it 's a winter season so i ca n't really tell if this product is anything more affective than others . But one thing that I can tell you guys is that my dog does n't have any outer parasites .
 Have been using this product since I got my two bulldogs and it works great . My dogs are mainly inside dogs , but my dogs like to play outside . Good Stuff ! Have never had a problem .
 After trying several over the counter & other home remedies , I ordered the Advantix as a last resort . One application and 24 hours later , no fleas could be seen on either of my three dogs !! Made me feel bad that they 'd suffered so long while I tried so many other ways to get rid of the fleas . Will definitely be reordering !
 My dog suffers from ticks andfleas where I live and thisstuff works great and saveshim a lot of suffering .
 I have 2 boxers and 2 cockers in which I 've used this product on them since it came on the market several years ago . None of my dogs have ever had an adverse reaction . I only use the recommended amount and dosage . I believe you get into trouble when your splitting tubes according to weight - they put that information out for a reason . The product has been very effective keeping fleas , ticks , and mosquitos at bay . Very pleased with the product !
 The K-9 advantix works similarly to other expensive flea treatments . I switched to K-9 advantix when my other flea treatment quit working after 3 years . The vets say my dog may have developed immunity to the other flea treatment since he was on it so long . The only problem I have with the K-9 advantix is that it seemingly does not keep all of the bugs off . While there is a notable difference , when the dog goes outside he still manages to pick up two or three fleas that make their way back into our house . Other than that , it seems to work . I had never had that problem with the other medication until my dog developed an immunity to it .
 We are glad to see this product . It 's the only one we use on our pets .
 this was an easy transaction . Placed the order and it was delivered really fast . Less expensive then other web sites and half the cost then getting it from vet . Thanks Amazon !
 I have a 8.5 pound Shih Tzu-Brussels Griffon mix -LRB- long hair -RRB- . I love that this product protects Sophie from fleas , ticks , and mosquitos . It goes on easily -LRB- apart from a small greasy spot on her back that lasts a few hours -RRB- and protects throughly . I usually put it on her at bedtime to give the medicine time to penetrate and avoid putting my hands in it when I pet her . I have never had any trouble with it making her sick or failing to keep away insects.The Amazon price beats PetMeds and my veterinarian !
 I had tried Frontline and did n't find it effective - I literally found ticks crawling on my dog . Switched to K-9 Advantix and have never had a problem . Easy to apply , priced right and gets the job done . Highly recommended .
 We have a 5 lb . -LRB- fully grown -RRB- teacup poodle . We 've been applying Advantix to the back of her neck once every 30 days for years . No problem with spreading . She 's never had a reaction - or a flea . We 've tried other products , and they just do NOT work .
 We 've used Advantix on our two dogs -LRB- one large , one small -RRB- for several years now . We have not had any problems ; our dogs have not had any bad reactions . We live in an area that is hot and muggy part of the year , and we used to have a bad flea problem before we started using Advantix . I believe the comments of the people who have written in reporting trouble with this product , but I just wanted to say that our dogs have not experienced those problems .
 Advantix works , has little to no side effects , and lasts all month long . I have 2 Cavalier King Charles Spaniels , and at the recommendation of my vet , I bought a larger dose Advantix and used half of a tube on each dog . This saves money and is just as effective .
 I tried Advantage , Frontline and Biospot and none of them worked Sam still had fleas and scrateched all the time . So I bought K9 Advantix and it works wonderfully !! I have a 80lb 11 month old lab , maybe the other other products were just meant for smaller dogs . I wo n't waste my money trying other flea control products anymore I 'm sticking with K9 Advantix .
 This works great at preventing fleas and ticks . I use it on my 50lb Samoyed and the only issue is that sometimes it wears off after about three weeks . Before that it works very well though , I just have to reapply it more than once a month
 I have read that this product is less effective now days . However , i have found it to work just find for my dog .
 I have used this flea medication before when I purchased it from the vet but it was much higher . I 'm thankful I shop on Amazon !
 I have used K-9 Advantix for many years . It does what it says it will . Living in a Lyme heavy area , plus very tick heavy , I need a product that works and this does .
 I highly recommend buying K9 Advantix . Great product for your dog and at a great price . Item was received in a prompt manner and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Tried advantage 20 and it did n't work for my dog . With Advantage 20 , I found fleas on him but was told that you may found them but they eventually die and fall off . With Advantix , that never happened . No fleas on him . I wo n't try another product .
 I have 2 Beagles , both under 30 lbs . I mistakenly ordered the amt . for larger dogs . Instead of returning it and paying an additional shipping fee , I split the vial -LRB- after careful research , of course -RRB- and used half on each dog -- plus it 's cheaper to do it that way . That was a month ago yesterday , and all seems well .
 I researched a few products before purchasing this for my dog and I have to say ... this product is more effective than anything else I have used . It does n't quite last a full month , but with regular flea combing and yard treatment I have to say my flea problem is under control.I would definitely reccommend this product for flea prevention ... but not eliminating a flea problem .
 Got exactly what I wanted in a timely manner with no hassle at all . Will continue to do business with this seller as long as price is the same or cheaper for this product .
 It would n't be summer without using this product . Does what it says it will .
 I have used this products over the last three years and am pleased with the results of keeping fleas and ticks off my dog .
 Very happy with this product . We camp and it covers all annoying insects our dog should encounter . Easy to appy . To after effects .
 I 've used a lot of different brands of flea and tick treatment over the years , and without a doubt , K9 Advantix is the best ... especially for ticks . It 's worth the money and you 'll rest easy knowing you 're not going to be infesting your home with fleas or making your pets suffer .
 I researched many sites to get the best price on my K9 advantix , since I have 4 dogs . I found amazon offered the best price and item arrived within a week , so I am very happy .
 I have used k9 advantex for 4 years on my dog with great results it seems to do a better job than the other brand I tried we have n't seen any of the side affects some others have reported.I recommend this product for your dog .
 Works great , no fleas at all and is well tolerated by my almost 14 yr old dog .
 We 've tried all different flea and tick products and this one is by far the best . It stays powerful for the full month , thru baths and swims , and protects against all the biting bugs.It 's effective within hours , actually prevents biting , instead of killing the bug after the bite ! Big difference from Frontier .
 The product performed well and did not have any major sidefects . Another brand caused my pet to itch when applied .
 We 've used Advantix on our two dogs -LRB- one large , one small -RRB- for several years now . We have not had any problems ; our dogs have not had any bad reactions . We live in an area that is hot and muggy part of the year , and we used to have a bad flea problem before we started using Advantix . I believe the comments of the people who have written in reporting trouble with this product , but I just wanted to say that our dogs have not experienced those problems .
 It works . I used the other leading brand until now . K 9 has a better package , easier to open , easier to apply . The big thing is it kills the bugs , not like the other leader . You do notice the difference . No complaints from the dogs . I will buy again .
 This is an excellent product . Do n't let the sourpuss who got the product in her doggy 's eyes dissuade you from purchasing . Advantix keeps our five dogs free of ticks and fleas all summer long , with no adverse reactions that we have observed .
 I used to use Frontline on my 2 furbabies - Shih Tzu but after reading this product has more protection then I decided to change from Frontline to K9 Advantix Flea Control for Dogs . It has been several years since changing and my 2 furbabies are not infested with fleas and other critters on their body . I also keep their hair very short during the summer months for easy maintenance and their comfort zone .
 I ordered this because of the great price . When it arrived , I compared it exactly with what I got at a higher price in the pet store . It is the same product , not an imitation .
 This was the best price I have found for the Advantix . It has always worked great for us on our Golden Retriever.Ordering from Amazon is always quick and easy .
 We used to use a different flea and tick product and kept having flea and tick problems . Since we 've switched to K9 Advantix , our dog and house are both flea-free ! Great product ! I 'm glad it 's available online !
 I have two very active English Springer Spaniels . We hike , bike , camp , canoe , sail and anything else we think we can do . I really like this product because the time from when you apply the product until when they can get wet is quite short compared to other products . Plus , this product protects my boys from more pests than the other products.I just make sure to be careful whether I apply K9 Advantix or if I were to apply a similar product . I apply it immediately before bed time so they ca n't play or wrestle any later that night to keep them from getting the product in their mouth . Plus I do n't let them play with other dogs much the next day to keep those other dogs safe as well . We 've really not had many problems as long as we use the product properly and carefully.Happy romping !!!
 i 've been using frontline plus off and on for years . a few months ago we were infested with ticks . i would find 20-30 on my dog everyday for about 2 weeks at which time i decided to try something else so i bought k-9 advantix and the ticks are gone . I also noticed that flies dont bother my dog anymore either .
 I have used this product for the past 10 years for my two beagles . They have never had fleas . Unfortunately , I did not pick it up this spring and , for the first time , they got fleas . I used this on them and within a week - no more itching , no more fleas . Be sure you stay consistent each month with applying it , otherwise it will lose its effectiveness .
 This product already has 271 reviews , some detailed , some not . Here is the short version : This product keeps fleas , ticks , and mosquitoes from biting your dog.Here is the longer version : I use the Teal color for my two ~ 14 pound Pekingese . We live in a neighborhood where almost everyone has pets , and we are close to undeveloped land where there are plenty of wild critters that undoubtedly have fleas and ticks -- in short , we would have a problem with fleas and ticks without protection for the pets . I have used K9 Advantix on my dogs for years . They have no reaction to the product , and they have no fleas or ticks.There are cheaper products out there . Maybe they work , maybe they do n't . I continue to use this because my vet recommended it and I know it works based on experience . The cheaper stuff fails to be a bargain if you get fleas in the house or your dogs pick up a flea/tick borne illness .
 Great product and fabulous pricing . Shipping was fast , as promised . This is the cheapest you will find anywhere.THANKS !!!
 We 've been using this on our dogs for over a year . We travel frequently in an RV , and our dogs are exposed to wood ticks and other critters that could harm them . So far , they have not had any . When our vet increased his price to almost $ 60.00 for this product , I went to Amazon for a better price . As usual , Amazon came through . Now my wife is happy which makes me happy , and best of all , our dogs are happy .
 The product is good , works very well on my dogregarding fleas and ticks . I still wonder if its really works for mosquitoes and flies bites .
 I have been using K9 Advantix on my German Shepherd for over three years . I use it monthly and my dog has never had a flea or tick . It is easy to use and the dog actually enjoys it . I would recommend it to anyone who cares about their pets health .
 I 've used this product before and have been very pleased with the results . When it came time for me to re-order , I found Amazon.com had the best reasonable pricing for this product .
 My dogs have no fleas or ticks , this product works well . Shipped fast and got what I expected .
 Have had good success in the past with this product but this year we were still finding ticks on our dogs after it had been applied for over a week .
 So easy to apply and very effective for more of the nasty critters that attach themselves to dogs . Love the Amazon Prime service also !
 This is the best flea and tick prevention we 've found for our dog . Shipped very quickly too !
 this product works well for my GSD pup , have not had any fleas or bad reactions . Definitely cuts down on all the bugs biting her , she is much less itchy !
 Extremely timing on shipping and I support the product ! My dogs are in the country running often and I have yet to find a tick , fleas or biting flies bothering them !
 Product appears to do the job as indicated . Will probably purchase this item again .
 Advantix is very effective at keeping fleas and ticks off my dog , and there are a lot of them where we live . Use it once a month .
 I love K9 Advantix because it not only protects my kids from fleas and ticks , but also from mosquitos , which is very important !
 read good things about product and found the price very good on amazon ... below other web sites . very fast delivery .
 Wo n't use anything else - my friends that use other products find ticks on their dogs all the time - not me !
 just got the product and have used it for 30 days . It seems to have lessened the fleas .
 Well , so far the product worked well on my puppy ... for the first few weeks . I found a flea on him the other day but I think it 's because I took him to a dog beach and he was surrounded by other dogs . He keeps scratching himself but I ca n't find fleas !
 Purchasing flea control is no fun ... but since it 's necessary , it 's nice to find a reasonable price . Amazon is the cheapest I 've found . I also purchased Advantage for my cats here .
 We came home from vacation last year to find out we were infested by FLEAS ... -LRB- that fast -RRB- -LRB- indoor dogs -RRB- with short hair.We bombed twice , bathed the animals , bought industrial strength furniture sprays ect . The bottom line ended up spending over $ 200 because I was too cheap originally to spend $ 50 on the preventative meds . NOT NOW I will get this every year & treat the dog & cat April thru October -LRB- Ohio -RRB- . I will never go thru the nightmare of infestation again . K-9 Advantix for cats & dogs does the trick with no question . We even took our dog camping this year , NO worry of ticks or fleas . WORTH the peace of mind ... do n't roll the dice .
 I 've used this product before with good results . The shipping was faster than expected and at a competitive price . A caveat
 this medication for the dog was delivered on time and works fine.the company did a fine job .
 Highly recommend . I use K9 Advantix on all 3 of my dogs . I really noticed the difference going from spring into summer this year . Before I used the first application , I was finding lots of ticks on the dogs . As soon as I used this product , the ticks went away . It protects from more things than the competitors -LRB- like Frontline -RRB- .
 product was received in timely fashion and in good condition.advantix does a good job of protecting dogs from flees , ticks , AND mosquitoes ... a must if you live in the south .
 Our outdoor lab usually has mosquitoes on her muzzle all summer . Although they do n't seem to bother her , it bothers me . I tried the K9 Advantix 1 month ago and have n't seen a mosquito on her at all . I 'm happy for her that I tried it and it works so well . I would recommend Anvantix for anyone that has an outdoor dog that you do n't want to suffer with the ANNOYING MOSQUITO .
 We have used K9 on our two chihuahuas -LRB- both weigh about 5 lbs -RRB- for over two years and have n't seen so much as one flea . I use it continuously , every five weeks , summer and winter . I do n't want to fight a flea infestation so I use it during the winter months too , when fleas are n't really a problem , although living in So . California we do n't really have winter . I am sold on this product .
 This item took care of a problem in one dose that I have been fighting for two months .
 Advantix works very quickly , and effectively.My dogs have had itchy backs a few times following the use of this product . I am not sure if it was the Advantix , or not.I still use it on them monthly , and they have never had fleas or ticks while using this product.I recommend this product as being a very effective manner in which to protect your dogs from a variety of pests .
 I just bought a dog this summer , and a friend recommanded K9 Advantix for flea control . My dog did not have fleas problem , I just wanted for prevention . So far after using K9 Advantix for four months , my dog is still flea free . I do take my dog to the park once a week , and around the neighborhood other times .
 You do n't know how many other products we tried for our boxer , Goyo . Frontline did n't help at all . We even had to get rid aof all the carpets in the house and spray the lawn with antiflea treatments . Nothing would help and the dog kept suffering . Then our vet recommended Advantix as it does n't only kill the fleas it also repells . As soon as we start using it , the year long problem of flea invasion was over .
 My dogs usually end up with a couple ticks every year , and so far since using Advantix , they have n't had any . So far so good !
 We were having serious problems with ticks on our dogs . We were finding 3 a day on them , even though we were using a competitors chemicals . Within 1 day of putting on the K9 Advantix , our tick problem was gone . It has been 3 weeks now , and I have n't seen a tick on any of my dogs .
 Great product and an awesome price this time!Hopefully they will keep the price affordable like this.If so ... I will buy from here everytime ! : -RRB-
 this is one of two real products available The price was right and free delivery . Works for me .
 Folks , I realize that you do n't know me from Adam but , this product literally started working within 18 hrs . I know this because my dogs were sleeping and not scratching every minute or so . I was prepared to spend the normal 60 bucks when I found this . I am very grateful for the price and this superior product.Follow instructions exactly -- this is what I did so I am suggesting you do to.Absolutely amazing.I live out in the ` sticks ' of Oklahoma for any regional questions that may arise.Take care folks .
 Tick season is here . Went for a walk and found 24 ticks on Bubba . Not one while using Advantix .
 I have purchased K-9 Advantix from the vet for my 7-year-old Chihuahua each year and used it each month without realizing that I was paying top dollar . I checked it out at Amazon and got an excellent price and I was especially happy with how quickly it arrived at my door . The price is right at Amazon , the sevice is the best -LRB- with no shipping change -RRB- , and my dog is safe from ticks and fleas . I 'm happy and so is my tiny dog ... and we both recommend Amazon !
 Been using Advantix for year on my chihuahua . No fleas or ticks . Works great .
 Poor Spot , our five-month-old chocolate lab , had more than his share of ticks . We live in the foothills of the Adirondack mountains so there are plenty of ticks to be had and Spot has proven to be a master at retrieving them.Over the course of three weeks he 'd had four ticks on him . Who knows if there might have been others hiding under his thick coat that we could n't find?Since we applied the Advantix we have n't found a single tick on him . We 've also found that since he has been tick-free he has been a little less hyper . Some of that is natural development at his age but even when we would remove the ticks manually we noticed that he was easier to get along with.Spot gives this product five stars and so do I.
 good product , gives better protectionlasts quite well throughout the monthsome similar products lose their effectiveness after 3 weeks.definitely recommend this product .
 I have used this seller before and I have always received my product in a timely fashion , in excellent condition . I have no problem using this seller again and I recommend to others . Their prices are very reseasonable.Thanks .
 Great purchase , great delivery time ! Advantix is a great solution for fleas ... my dog has finally stopped scratching !
 This product works great for my dog . She gets a little itchy for a day or 2 at the points of application , but did so with Frontline as well . I 'd recommend the product and this was the cheapest price I found ...
 My German Shepherd seems to have a knack of finding fleas around our home and approximately monthly I have to give her a dose of K9 Advantix to clear the problem . Within a day she no longer has any fleas and will not show signs of them again for about a month . If the product lasted a bit longer that would be ideal , but the fact that it works as advertised is good enough for me . We 've tried other flea prevention products with utter disappointment . As this advertises against ticks as well -LRB- we 've never seen any on our dog -RRB- I 'd say it works proficiently there as well .
 It is the same product you purchase at your vets for less money . Do n't hesitate to buy it .
 This product was much cheaper than I 've found elsewhere and it came much faster than I 'd anticipated ! I love this product . Before I began using Advantix I would regularly find ticks on my dog after taking him on walks . My dog has vaccine reactions so I monitor him closely when I administer any medications but once the Advantix works into his coat he has never had any problems . And I have n't seen a single tick on him since I started using this product a year and a half ago !!
 Our dogs have never had fleas because we use this product every month . We trust this brand .
 I never had fleas and my two Jack Russell terriers have never had ticks with this product . I have used Frontline plus and have had fleas and ticks . . too the cost of five hundred dollars to de-flea my house ! Buying flea bombs and shampoo 's which did n't work and finally hiring an exterminator and switching to K9 Advantix and we were finally able to get rid of the fleas . We have been flea and tick free for 4 years after switching to Advantix . My girlfriend is battling fleas and was using Frontline plus . . what does that tell you . My dogs have had no serious health issues with this product . My dogs and I really like Advantix .
 I spent a good part of the summer trying to get rid of the fleas on my Chocolate Lab , my Golden Retriever , and my two cats to no avail . I used Frontline Plus , Happy Jack Flea dip , and flea shampoo . I was having to shampoo the dogs at least once a week and they still had fleas.I finally decided to try K-9 Advantix and Advantix for cats . One application and the dogs and the cats did not have any fleas the next day . I repeated the application a month later even though they still did n't have fleas . I only wish I had found this sooner . My dogs do n't scratch anymore , and I do n't have to worry about finding fleas jumping on my two year old daughter anymore . We do n't have a problem with ticks , so I ca n't speak as to how it works with ticks .
 Works great on all three of my dogs . I live in a woodsy area on a lake , so they usually come across it all . So far so good ...
 Just because their emergency number isnt helpful , doesnt mean the product isnt good . In an emergency like that , you call your Vet or their emergency helpline asap , not a 1-800 number off the back of your product.Ive been using Advantix after Frontline failed to keep fleas off my pup an its been working great every since , killed all the existing fleas once applied and havent seen a single flea since and i apply it every 30 days . The only problem I have with it is that it gets my Yorkie 's coat all oily and spreads out on his back . I have to bathe him the next day to get his coat nice again but otherwise , it works great . I believe all flea meds are oily , so i highly recommend Advantix over any other brand , ESPECIALLY Frontline , thats a horrible product vets should be ashamed about giving out to patients only because they provide free samples . But Advantage works !
 I had absolutely no problem dispensing product and it worked just as well as the very expensive individual tubes sold at a much higher price . If you do not get a good result from this , it is not the product . Treat or wash anywhere the dog sleeps , you need to spray your yard and your home . You will need to treat carpets and then vacuum and dump vacuum every day for 10 days , re-treat house on the 10th day . Once you do that and THEN use this product , it will work perfectly . Keeping Fleas and Ticks at Bay is a multi-step process . I will tell friends and family about this seller . I will definitely buy again .
 My puppy was getting ticks so we bought this . He then ran through the Back Bay -LRB- a nature preserve with a TON of bugs -RRB- and he was clean ! I did see one tick on the surfacfe of his fur -LRB- maybe bc the skin had such a powerful treatment on it :-RRB- -RRB- but quickly got that one ! Great product !!!
 This stuff works , but makes both my beagles coats very greasy for a few days . It 's also very expensive -LRB- though Amazon 's price is among the cheapest I 've seen -RRB- . We only apply in the warmest months and it 's kept us flea-free for a three years now and while we 'll occasionally come home with a tick we have n't had any stick around for long .
 Seems to work . At the height of flea season , the dogs -LRB- 2 -RRB- scratch occasionally . But they are flea magnets and it seems sporadic . I suspect they are picking up occasional fleas , but they do n't last long . I have n't seen signs of a real infestation . I 'll keep using Advantix .
 The price here was better than the price at my vets . It arrived quickly and is the exact same product that you 'd get at the vets office .
 I 've tried every one of these flea tick so called stoppers on my Rottie and hands down this stuff works the best and longest out of all of them . Will be buying this stuff from now on .
 What works for one dog , may not work for another dog but K9 Advantix works for my dog . No fleas or ticks on my dog at all . I am very happy with the product . I know other people have had problems with K9 Advantix and have switched to Frontline or Frontline Plus , but if you have tried those products and you are not happy with them then try this product . It also does n't lose it 's potency when my dog goes in water and believe me she loves water a lot ! She goes swimming any chance she gets and the fish do n't seem to mind her being in the water at all lol . All in all I would say it 's a great product and I 'm very happy with it .
 I bought this item for my english mastiff when we had a flea nest in our yard this summer . The fleas were not only on him but also in his bedding and in my house because of him . Within a few days of using our first treatment , his fleas were gone and even with him going outside daily , we did not have any additional problems for the rest of the summer when I used this as directed.It was well worth any price and the product delivered as promised .
 I have 3 dogs and have been using Advantix for about 3 years . I used to use Revolution , but at the time lived in a woody area of South Carolina , where ticks plentiful and are a year-round problem . My dogs would have 5-10 ticks on them everyday . I switched to Advantix , and then would rarely find a tick . Never any fleas , and since it repels mosquitos too , the dogs & I are much happier ... no scratching from bites . I now live in FLA , and would n't use anything else . If you are switching from Revolution you will have to add Heartworm treatment , which is now available in a generic monthly chew , at a very reasonable price . The price here on Amazon is very competitive with other online pet supply sellers .
 Actually , what I find interesting is that the negative , 1 star , ratings . Seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- of them are by the same person -LRB- Rick -RRB- , Three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of them are by -LRB- D.Defenbaugh -RRB- . Does n't Amazon employ individuals with a little common sense . Can they not read ? The negative responses are all the same . HEllO !!! I have been using this product for two -LRB- 2 -RRB- years and both of my dogs do not have any fleas or ticks . So I gave this product five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars .
 This product is so effective and your price is the absolute LOWEST ! Yes , I will be a permanant and returning customer . Extremely satisfied .
 K9 Advantix has kept my dogs flea and tick free for years . It 's quick and easy to apply .
 K9 Advantix works for us here in Florida where fleas & ticks can survive most of the year .
 Great product . Works well and so much easier to apply since it is in a tube .
 This is the flea and tick control that my vet recommended for our area , since we have a lot of ticks and mosquitoes , and our mosquitoes carry heartworm disease . Advantix is better than just Advantage , since it repels the mosquitoes as well as as the fleas and ticks . Our vet recommends this above Frontline . It 's also easy to apply . The only downside is that it 's sort of ` oily ' , so it leaves their fur oily where it has been applied , even though I get it all the way down to the skin . But that little bit of inconvenience is definitely worth it .
 Love this product . We have a lab who loves to go in the water . Product doesnt where off in water and does keep all insects away . For 30 days
 Good product . Works very well with my 2 large dogs . Amazon pricing can change by more than ten dollars per pack of 6 . If you keep an eye on it and buy when the price is lower , you 'll be in good shape . Even when the price is high , it 's still the best price on this product on the web or from my vet .
 I have 4 dogs - 2 Saint Bernards ,1 Saint mix and a shepard mix . We have always used Advantix and never have had any problems with fleas . Dogs go camping and walking in the woods alot .
 I have owned dogs/cats most of my life . Coming from the Caribbean I have tried many different types of flea/tick control medications . After 25yrs of stuggling to keep pests off my pets , Advantix has proven to be the most successful .
 Works great ! Used to use Frontline Plus for several years with equally good results but for some reason it `` stopped working '' and we had a flea problem . Other people have suggested that we need to rotate products after prolonged use . In any case , I 'm glad K9 Advantix is working for us right now .
 I have six -LRB- yes 6 -RRB- dogs and 2 cats ... The dogs are indoor-outdoor kids ... you know , if they are in they want out and if they are out they want in ! We live outside of the city limits and have our share of wildlife - fox , raccoons , possum etc. along with all the neighbors who let their dogs run loose . I do what I can to keep the yard sprayed - but it becomes a loosing battle by the mid-summer to late fall . This product keeps the fleas off the dogs and makes such a difference during those periods when our Mississippi weather promotes the mad hatching of fleas . I have tried other products in the past - nothing works like K9 Advantix for our household . We have a place in the `` hills '' we visit from time to time - notorious for ticks - we have yet to have any ticks return with us from these trips ! Our six `` kids '' fall into three different weight categories - two are right on the upper end of the cut off - with those I use the next dose up . They range in size from an 85 pound German Shepherd to an 18 pound Poodle mix . None of my pups have every had a skin or nervous system reaction to this product . No problems and no complaints .
 This product is way better than Frontline Plus . I had been buying Frontline Plus for my dog for a few months . However , it just was n't cutting it . This product repels against any pest and will keep them without fleas . It repelled against fleas even two months without using it though the box recommends using the product monthly . I will never buy another flea medication again ! K9 Advantix is the best !
 Update on my initial review : We still have no problem with fleas or ticks on the dogs . They now are allowed to sleep outside at night -LRB- I used to lock them in the house at night when they were young -RRB- via the dog door but no problems have developed with the extra time outside . I have decided to give both dogs the 21-55 weight medication as the big dog is just over that -LRB- 58 lbs -RRB- and the little one is full grown at 42 lbs - neither dog has that `` bad next day '' that I mentioned before , seem to have outgrown it or maybe has to do with their weight . Very satified with this product.I can no longer use the `` Multi '' as it now requires a prescription and I always forget to ask the vet for one.Initial Post : We moved to rural N. Fla and take walks in our woods all the time . Unless I spray myself with DEET I will come back with a tick or two . The dogs never have ticks and they go `` into '' the woods -LRB- I stay on the trails -RRB- . Even in the winter when I stop giving the monthly dose , if a tick does attach , it will die on the dog.Last Spring was our first warm season here and the fleas were bad , but within a couple months of using Advantix there were no more fleas -LRB- even with the wild critters that inhabit the yard at night when the doggies are inside and the flea-bitten dogs in neighboring yards -RRB- . The dogs are mosquito free , while the kitty must stay on the screen porch to avoid them and I must spray myself with repellant . -LRB- NEVER USE IT ON YOUR KITTY , PERMETHRIN IS VERY TOXIC ! -RRB- Every couple months I use Advocate -LRB- Advantage Multi -RRB- from Canada for both the dogs and the cat for its worming properties - it kills most wormies except tapeworm , including heartworm ! Heartworm is rare in cats but as cats can not be protected from mosquitoes and I live in an area with a high incidence of heartworm , the precaution is reassuring . It also kills ear mites on the kitty . Bayer has both regular Advantage for Cats as well as Advantage Multi for Cats -LRB- AKA Advocate in Canada -RRB- It may be my imagination , but I do think the doggies seem a little blah the day after I give them the monthly dose . They usually spar on and off all day , but not so for about 24hours after dosing . Thats the only downside I have found . They both are at the edge of their respective weight ranges -LRB- she is not full grown at 25lbs , he is 58lbs -RRB- so I think in the future I wo n't give the entire contents of the tubes . It is a little scary when you read about the bad effects some doggers seem to have had from it .
 We 've been using K9 Advantix for our 2 dogs for several years now and no complaints . I checked Amazon to see if any chance they carried it -LRB- which why would they not ?! - this place has everything ! -RRB- and not only did they but price was less than ordering from Pet Stores . Thanks as always for the speedy shipping .
 if you want to keep creepy crawlys off your critters , buy K9 advantix ... . i have not found anything that works better than this product !! my girls and i walk in deep woods filled with mosquitos , ticks and various other pests and K9 advantix keep them off my girls . believe me when i say this stuff works !!!
 Front line stopped working on my dogs after using it so many years . This product is wonderful because it does n't just repel fleas and ticks but keep the gnats and mosquitoes off the pets too.Its completely waterproof . Been using it for 6 mths now and I am completely satisfied .
 I have been using this on my dog for several years , in the NC heat I need something that will keep him safe from skeeters and ticks . I have never found a tick on my dog and he rarely scratches . We frequent the dog park as well so I feel content knowing he is well protected and that this will not harm him like many of the Hartz products can -LRB- look it up if you do n't know how bad that brand is , there is a reason it is the cheapest around -RRB- .
 We bought this for our 27 pound beagle last Spring and have become fans of the product because it works exactly like it should . We live in Maryland and because of all the deer in the area ticks are a big issue and our beagle was frequently coming home with ticks ! Both my husband and I were also bitten by ticks that we think came in with the dog . The dog had also been bitten . So we researched tick medications and decided this one looked best . Our dog got 2 doses of this stuff last year - one in April/May and one in July and it completely solved our tick problem ! Never saw a tick on the dog or us or in the house after that . Now that 's it 's April of the next year and tick season will start soon/now , we just gave him another dose of this stuff and hope it will work until about July again . During the other months we did n't give him any medication and he was fine . I should say though , that our dog has NEVER had any flea issues , with or without medication , so I ca n't comment on the effectiveness there . For us , we buy the product for the ticks and have been quite satisfied , especially that the medication lasts much longer than advertized . As a point of reference , our dog stays indoors most of the day except for his two daily 30-minute walks , which we do regardless of weather -LRB- rain , snow , ice , wind , etc -RRB- .
 I love this product !! I used to use frontline plus on my dog and it worked for tge most part but it didnt do as much as this one . An my dog was always getting bit my mosquitos and iching . Once I switched to k-9 advantix his itching has stopped and I can rest assured that he is protected .
 great product , effective for for flea & tic control , have been using for past 8 yrs , recommended by our dog 's vet ; used to buy from vet , but found better buy on amazon
 We have 3 dogs -LRB- 1 Border Collie and 2 Cavalier King Charles Spaniels -RRB- and live in a lush , forested part of southern Kentucky . One of the spaniels is terribly allergic to flea bites and will scratch incessantly for weeks if he gets ANY exposure . We had done Frontline for years but it was so expensive and did n't work well last year , causing a trip to the vet for a steroid shot . We switched to K9 Advantix last Summer and it has worked wonderfully ! In fact , I forgot to re-apply from mid March to early May -LRB- today -RRB- and it was still going ! Love being able to order on-line without a prescription too .
 This is the best product that I have found that protects my pup from fleas and ticks . I highly recommend using it . Gentle yet effective .
 NEEDED THE BEST PRICE ON THIS K9 PRODUCT & THEY HAD IT . I FEEL THE PRODUCT IS THE SAME NO MATTER WHO SELLS IT , SO WHY NOT PAY THE LOWEST PRICE FOR IT .
 My dogs have used this for years & have never had fleas . They do sporadically get ticks on them but I have them in the woods about every day .
 I live in a rural area with ferile cats . My dogs got fleas . I did all the usual things ; bath with flea shampoo , powder their beds , and use topical Frontline . Nothing worked . The problem just got worse and worse . I got this product from Amazon and in a week the fleas were gone . Tip , shampoo your dogs with Dawn -LRB- not flea shampoo -RRB- . It 's gentler on their skin and does just as good a job and is cheaper . I now have three relaxed and happy dogs .
 We use Advantix on our Yorkie who weighs only about 5 lbs . I have not had any issues with reactions so far -LRB- we have been faithful advantix users for the past year -RRB- . This seller has a good price for a product I know my dog needs but is such a pricey monthly requirement ... she 's worth it .
 K-9 ADVANTIX is the best product out there ! I have been using it for about nine years . NEVER any fleas or ticks . I have used other products and NOTHING compares . The price is the best I could find . It is expensive but well worth the peace of mind that you will never have not even one flea or tick in on your dog or in your home . Amazon has the best price comparsion I have found . Use them .
 I have used this product on both of my dogs -LRB- approximately 40-60 pounds -RRB- for a number of years with no major side effects . The only reason that I did n't give it 5 stars , is that my dogs do n't really like the smell . It really helps with the ticks . We live in a wooded area , and without this product , my dogs would be covered in them .
 One of the reasons I use this on my dogs is to keep the flies from chewing up their ears . Since I started using it there have been no fly bitten ears ! The dogs are pest free and feel so much better .
 I have a cocker spaniel and she is going to be 10 years old this year . i have used so many different flea control stuff i have almost come to believe that nothing would work for my dog . i have used frontline for years and then one year the fleas wouldnt die . . like ever ! i would give her a bath after 5 days and the frontline would disappear ! She would be covered in fleas ! I would try and try again but it was like i was wasting my money . The very first day i used k9 advantix i noticed right away a change ! the first two hours my dog stopped scratching . i went to work and come home and i went rub my fingers through her hair and nothing!i was so surprised , i could not believe it ! My dog has skin problems and K9 advantix works wonders for her . so the less scratching the better . she can finally rest at night . = -RRB-
 I used Frontline for a few years on my dog which worked most of the time , except late fall and beginning of spring . Occasionally I would find attached tick . Since I switched to Advantix I have not seen a single tick and no longer use tick collar . The dog does not seem to have any adverse reaction to it . Very happy with the product and plan to continue using it . My dog 's breed is Golder Retriever and the area is Northeast .
 K-9 Advantix is what my vet recommended and i 've always used it ever since I have my baby blue . He is now a little over a year old and weighs about 75lbs and we still use this once a month . I buy it from Amazon because it 's so much cheaper -LRB- esp when it goes on sale -RRB- than buying it from a vet or petstore . So i will continue buying it on Amazon until they raise the price on me . = -RRB-
 I previously used Frontline for flea protection but the frontline did not work at all . My vet recommend K-9 advantix . It works wonderfully BUT my dog 's back did get a bit irritated . I talked to my vet and he said my dog may have a small allergy to the product . My dog scratched for a few days after I applied the product .
 I was skeptical about buying an over the counter flea med . because of all the horror stories . I was amazed at this product ! It states that all living fleas on the animal will die instantly , and the remaining fleas in your home , and even outdoors will eventually be killed as well . I have been using this product now for about 6 months , and it has not disappointed me yet . I was shocked at how fast the fleas died on her , within seconds they were falling off . It also is helpful in repelling ticks and mosquitoes , which can cause heart worm . If used regularly with a heart worm preventative , the animal should be fine . It still can not be used on cats , and I have two of them , but being around my dog has not seemed to affect them . All in all this product delivers a splendid result .
 Product causes reaction of shaking of head and ears -LRB- mini-doxi -RRB- as if something is in the dog 's ears . Effect persists for about a week.Product was received as advertised in a timely manner .
 I read the other reviews about the side effects ... I have yet to see these in any of my pets . We first used Frontline , but it did n't help much against biting flies and mosquitoes . So we decided to use Advantix . Amazing ! We do n't have any problems with little pests bugging our dogs . When applied correctly and regularly , away from areas where they can lick and inject the formula , it will definitely win the war against fleas and ticks . My 71/2 year old dog does n't have any ticks and he runs in a wooded area . My 111/2 year old house dog has n't had any ticks since we adopted him . We 've used Advantix on my 71/2 year old for 5 years and my 111/2 year old since we adopted him 2 years ago . We just adopted another 8 year old dog and she has been put on Advantix right away -LRB- her previous owners used Hartz and she was covered in ticks ! -RRB- . If you follow the directions and do not allow your pet to inject this solution , you will have a great outcome and your dog will be able to enjoy the outdoors along with you .
 I use the product mostly to prevent ticks from getting on my dogs . Advantix works really well . Once applied Advantix is totally effective within two days . Even during this first day or so tick might get on the dog , but will not break the skin to feed . After a few days the ticks will not even get on the dog . I check my dogs after every walk and do not find any tick or fleas . I find the application lasts more than a month . This is a very effective product , also does not irritate my dogs skin like some other product I have used . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 This is my second year using K9 Advantix . This product is amazing . I apply to my 60 lb APBT once a month and he never gets another tick on him all summer ! Also he experiences no side effects and no itching .
 I dont have to tell you all dog and cat meds are costly , unless you buy at local grocery store , and those dont work . The old adage you get what you pay for , in this case , is true . After doing some research , I found K9 works the best for my pet . First , Its waterproof , which saves some money , even after a bath it still works , but a word of caution , you cant use a detergent based shampoo or it will wash out . The bayer brand speaks for itself . As with any good flea control , it should be applied on the neck area and works best when it gets on the skin , so depending on what kind of dog you have you may have to move back some hair.Ever have fleas in your home ? You almost have to vacuum , shampoo , spray chemicals , use bleach , to mention a few . Which comes out to be cheaper ? K9 works .
 Bought this for my sister who has a dog that was basically infested with fleas and after a few treatments she is good as new . Highly recommended from own experience .
 This product is incredible . I give my dogs Frontline and they still got fleas from the neighbor 's dog . Within a day of using the Advantix , the dogs were not scratching and biting anymore , and shortly after that I stopped seeing the fleas altogether . I vacuumed vigorously which I 'm sure helped , but with this product you pretty much do n't need to use any other flea traps , carpet cleaners , etc. . It kills the fleas in the `` dog 's environment '' also . I will never buy Frontline again . This is the best flea product on the market in my opinion .
 This product works great ... knocked back the fleas for over 31/2 weeks . Saw it begining to lose potency after this time but the loss of a couple of days does not take away from the great value of this product .
 I was using Frontline for many years however after the epidemic of fleas due to the dry summer it was recommended and seems to be doing the job .
 arrived in time and in good shape . thanks.arrived in time and in good shape . thanks.arrived in time and in good shape . thanks . great product
 I like the product and it works well on our dog who has skin issues . Will continue to buy it .
 Cheaper than getting it from my vet , but the same product . No complaints . This is the same product I 've used for years and have n't had flea or tick issues on the dogs with regular use -LRB- although I and my girlfriend did get tick bites this year in our own yard , so I 'm guessing it 's working pretty well ! -RRB- .
 my dogs no longer respond to frontline.so i switched to this product . works well , but i dont like to have to spread the stuff all the way down the back . the applicagtor is sharp . have never cut a dog , but i just dont like it !
 I 've used this for about a year on my 3 little dogs and it works just like it promises . Easy to use , but you have to catch them first !
 Ive typically never had to use flea medicine cause i use natural products to avoid . however we moved to a new apartment and our dog was infested within the first week . This product was Easy no mess and the fleas died !
 I use this on my dogs and never see any fleas in the house . It works wonders . It repels them and also kills them on contact . It works on fleas , ticks , mites and mosquitos . If you keep this on your pet every single month , you 'll never have any fleas on your dog or in your home .
 This stuff really works ! Easy to apply and really lasts for a month . No odor either.No problems with ticks either .
 we received this quick . It was exactly what we wanted . It has worked great for our dog . Last year , he was covered in fleas and we tried different flea collars . Nothing really helped him . After using this product he is not scratching and is very happy . We will definitely be keeping a supply for him .
 It 's been over 2 weeks since I applied Advantix to our 7lb Maltese . She 's had no adverse reaction . We have n't found any tick or fleas , but it 's too soon to tell if this stuff works . Application was easy and instructions were clear .
 I tried other solutions , advantage , frontline , natural remedies , etc. . . I have found that nothing worked until I used K-9 . I was putting the other products on and it seems like the dog was always covered in fleas and ticks . I put the K-9 on and in two days not a tick on him , and in three days , no fleas on him , in the house or anywhere . I could n't be more ecstatic . Highly recommend this , the vet does n't sell it , just saw it in petsmart , but for a long time I could only find it online . Dog is an 85lb GSD so I use the 55lb + stuff . No adverse effects , no red skin , no itchiness , no crazier than normal behavior .
 I have only used K9 ADVANTIX for a little over a month and it seems to be keeping the fleas and ticks off my little dog .
 After searching all over the Internet for this product , I found Amazon to have the best price and with the free super saving this was even a bigger plus for us . Thanks again Amazon !
 This is a great product that kills existing fleas and prevents more ! It 's also sold for a great price for the quantity .
 I have a 20 lb Welsh Terrier . I used to use Advantage but we had a serious tick problem when I was living with my parents in Maryland . Ticks are really bad there . I switched to Advantix and we have never had a problem since . I highly recommend it .
 I have 4 dogs , so I 'm always looking for a good deal on flea medicine . I used to buy from Dr 's . Foster and Smith , but found the best deal with Amazon . I also used to buy Frontline Flea and tick , but this product not only kills fleas and ticks , but also protects your pet -LRB- s -RRB- from annoying fly bites and mosquitos ! Awesome product , awesome price !
 K9 Advantix Flea Control for Dogs up to 10 Pounds -LRB- 6 Applications -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- is a product that I have ordered atleast three times . The pricing is the lowest I 've found and the delivery is fast .
 This was a fast delivery , and $ 15 - $ 20 Cheaper than Animal product websites . Would recommend to anyone .
 We 've used Advantage for ten years and then switched to Avantix a few years ago and we have NEVER had a flea or tick on ANY of our dogs , in our house or in our yard EVER . Not one time . Nor have we had any ill effects with any of our dogs , young or elderly . We have moved several times to new locations and had countless rescue dogs from shelters and off the streets move into our home before being placed with their own forever families . Every one of those dogs came in with fleas and we treated them with the Advantage product or Advantix and they were flea free in days and none of our animals were infected . Nothing else works as fast or as well . Do n't waste your money or your time or your pet 's well being & comfort with the off brand cheaper knock offs , you 'll just end up buying the real deal Advantage in the long run anyway .
 Used Advantix on my 3 Old English Sheepdogs for 4 years . It is the one that works . Amazon had the best price -LRB- with the no shipping fee deal -RRB- of any I 've had in the past . I live in Florida , this stuff kills fleas !!!
 k9 advantix is great , because before I used another product my dog was a little down and it bother her and now she is great and does not bother her anymore , only the price is a litter bit high ... Agustin Rodriguezarodriguezg@comcast.net
 I have used this item for years on my pet - just found it cheaper on Amazon than buying at the vet office and the free shipping made it a deal !
 Received product in a timely manner . Applied one treatment . Appeared to stop itching/scratching with 24 hours .
 I can not say strongly enough - you have to use this product on your dogs . You ca n't get away with a less expensive product , and certainly not Frontline . It did not work at all for my dog and the Vet said that it has n't been working for anyone . Especially if you live in an area that is high in ticks like us in CT , you need this product . Finally , no ticks on my dog !
 I think the negative comments are either people who just like to be negative or have a gripe with the company . We do n't like chemical treatments to our pets but it 's better than lime disease . We 've been using this product on our dogs -LRB- german shepherds -RRB- since they first went to the vet and have had no problems with fleas . Ticks are just comming into our area over the past few years . Linemen working on our property found some on themselves , but we 've seen none on our dogs , and they are serious outdoor dogs .
 Excellent product and a great price . Advantix is fast acting and effective . I found it has to be applied at least every 3 weeks though , but it is significantly better than Frontline & Frontline Plus.Additional FYI
 When the dogs got fleas this summer due to the over abundance of rain !!! Frontline quit working we even applied every 2 weeks - one dose of K9 worked and the fleas were gone ...
 Used to use Frontline Plus but it seemed to stop being effective as i was finding fleas on my dogs . Switched to K9 Advantix and no more problems !!!!!!!!!
 K9 Advantix for large dogs has been used for two years on my 130 pound dog . The dog has never had a flea or tick during this time although I have found ticks on me when we walk together in the woods . The dog socializes with other dogs in the neighborhood and at a large dog park nearby . We have wild turkeys , opossums , squirrels , rabbits , foxes , raccoons , coyotes , ticks , and fleas in our neighborhood . I have found ticks and fleas on other dogs , but never on mine.Advantix is applied each month . Application is easy and with no apparent side effects . I now buy Advantix from Amazon because my local vet recently changed to another product . I 'm sticking with what works .
 I used this on my 3-lb pomeranian after he was 8 weeks old . He vomited that night but I did n't think anything of it . A month later , the night after another treatment , he vomited again . I asked my vet who said that a small minority of dogs may have a reaction to the permethrin . My dog 's reaction was fairly mild , but she recommended that I go back to Frontline.I went back to Frontline , no problem.When I ran out , I decided to try the Advantix again . My dog was about 1 year old and about 4.5 lbs . No problem whatsoever.I did some research afterwards and read on the internet somewhere that Advantix is not recommended for dogs under 3 lbs . But I ca n't seem to find that anywhere now.Anyway , I 'm sure Advantix is fine for most dogs . It seems to be fine for my dog now , but I 'm still wary and think I 'll prefer to use Frontline .
 This product works for my dog . An occasional flee once in a while but nothing too concerning . She has sensitive skin and does scratch sometimes however it is not due to flees but her dry/irritated skin I believe .
 K9 Advantix is a wonderful product . I have been using K9 Advantix on both of my girls for over 7 years and have had no problems -LRB- medical , fleas , ticks or mosquitos -RRB- . Highly recommend to anyone who has dogs .
 We have been using this product for a year now , and we have n't found one flea on our dog yet ! I highly recommend this product to other dog owners .
 My dog spends lots of time outdoors and with other dogs , and she 's flea/tick/mosquito free . Wish they made it for people !
 After trying several other treatments and collars , the fleas would not go away . Our dog 's fleas were gone in a couple of days . No more scratching and we have n't seen any fleas jumoing around .
 This works much better than Frontline or Frontline Plus , when there is a serious flea and or tick outbreak in the area we remain unaffected . While using Frontline PLus we did have good control on fleas but the ticks were immune to it . Ticks lose the fight with Advantix , it kills them so fast that even if I do see one on the dogs it is already dead ! Using for two years now ...
 This was delivered quickly and cost MUCH less than what we would have had to pay at the vet 's !
 It was highly recommended by our family vet , but somehow , after we applied it on our three year old lab , he still scratchs his ears sometimes . Maybe that 's just normal , we will try again after a month , and see what happens .
 glad someone out there is able to help us consumers out . as not to be gouged by the Vets ... thanks again
 There ai n't no bugs on us . If you are n't using this , there might be bugs on some of you mugs , but there ai n't no bugs on us . It also helps with the nasty mostiqutos.It is well worth the price . Be careful if you have cats in the house . This is a product that can really hurt them .
 The product is great , easy to use . The shipper was quick and has good prices .
 I 've been using this on my dog for almost 5 years . She never has fleas or ticks . The only drawback is that it looks kind of bad for a few days after applying . Even though I get it down under her fur onto her skin , -LRB- she 's a lab/boxer mix -RRB- there seems to be a film on her back fur that picks up dust and dirt . It also smells . And you have to wait a few days before bathing your dog . But it 's worth it to not have any fleas ! And never any side effects on my dog . I 'm sticking with this product .
 K9 Advantix is the best flea and tick solution for my area . We have lots of grass and woods and my little dogs like to wander and roll in the grass . I have tried other brands and they worked for a short time , but I have been very pleased with the results I have gotten from K9 Advantix .
 For complete and reliable flea control Iwill only use one of two brands of product , K9 advantix or frontline.After a lot of searching I 've always found thebest price here on Amazon and this sellerin particular is great . The product arrives veryquickly .
 I have two labs and live in southern Texas . Fleas are a big problem down here and it 's a constant battle between us and the fleas . I used to use frontline every 3 weeks and if we went to a woody area , fleas would jump on and take forever to die . With Advantix , they never scratch anymore . It ' a bit pricey , but will protect your dogs . You do have to be careful if you have cats though !!
 I have ordered this product thru Amazon.com a few times now - it comes in good shape and always right away . Never a delay in receiving it - and works super on my Aussie ! We have fleas , ticks - active area of the country most of the year . I need such a product .
 Happy with my purchase . Arrived in a timely manor and product was unopened as promised . The box was beat up a lot but the package inside was fine . I knew that it was used going into it so I am very happy !!
 I usually use Frontline Plus for my Aussie , but the last round did nothing , so I tried Advantix . Noticed a difference in one day . He did n't show any side effects as mentioned by others so I will be using it again .
 This stuff works great for dogs and puppies , it 's safe for puppies older than 7 weeks and actually works . This is really great for the price , you get 4 tubes for about the same amount you would pay for 1 !
 I recommend this products it works well , and if my dog is happy I 'm too.K9 Advantix Flea Control for Dogs up to 10 Pounds -LRB- 6 Applications -RRB-
 I have use several different brands of flea control for my dog . None of them worked this well until I tried K9 Advantix . I used other brands -LRB- Advantage , BioSpot , Frontline , Security -RRB- and this is by far the best 100 % flea control for your dog . We have a serious problem with fleas in our yard , which we plan to treat next spring -LRB- the lawn -RRB- . When I use K9 Advantix my dog has 0 fleas and 0 ticks , she is not bothered by it , and it is very minimal mess . Some brands like BioSpot have so much goop in the tube that I wonder if it simply rubs off onto the couch , her bed , etc.Although some brands work better than others depending on the geographic location and climate , I highly recommend K9 Advantix for your dog .
 This product is excellent . You ca n't beat this price too . Other places I bought this product from , charged a lot more for only 4 applications . This has 6 . My dogs never have a problem with ticks and fleas since I 've used Advantix on them .
 I have 2 Miniature Pomeranians and this product works wonderfully on them . I have never had a problem with fleas or ticks . I would recommend this to everyone who has pets .
 Great service . Easy Transaction . Product was as described!I got the exact product online for a lot less than it was at the pet stores and it works just as fine .
 This is a little more expensive than some of the other products . But it works the 1st time . I 've used competitive products that I 've had to shorten the cycle for administering the meds . But this has done great . Thanks .
 My dog really hates the taste of this stuff almost have too force it down her ... I 'm just kidding . The product works great . It will matt the hair a little bit where it is put on . . the matts go away in a couple of days . The dog has no fleas or ticks so it working great here in south florida !
 My vet has seen a huge spike in heartworm infections in our area , so addition to the pup 's Heartguard , Advantix is an extra line of protection . I 've been using it regularly for years with no problems , even though she had a major reaction to a cheaper brand one time that required a vet trip . No fleas or ticks at all ! It starts to wear off a bit before the end of the month , but she 's pretty active and loves rolling around on her back constantly , so I blame her more than the product . Great price and super-fast delivery from Amazon , too .
 We have an adventurous yellow lab who loves to explore in the north woods of Minnesota . K9 Advantix is a product we can trust for flea and tick control ! Before heading up north for a trip - we did n't apply a new dose because we did n't think it really did anything-the result
 This seems to be the cheapest I can find online and the packaging appears to be exactly the same as you get at the vet . I 've never seen a flee while using this stuff .
 I 've used this now 5 months and have not yet found one flea . He did get one tick on his head one time and that was probably that he was due for another application in 3 days but NO fleas . I feel it should have done a full 30 days prevention and that is why I give it 4 stars for the amount of money this cost . I still will continue to use this product as we live in an area where fleas can be a problem if your pets are not treated and this is the best out there for us . Like all flea applications , you should be buying according to your dog 's weight NOT size . Also , once your dog gets his application dose , he should wait 24 hours before giving him a bath or swimming for it to be effective .
 I used this item on my 8 lb poodle and 3 lb chihuahua and it works great ! No problems . I received my item super fast . Thanks !
 My poor Chow had flea problems for a long time . Nothing worked until I tried K9 Advantix recently . Within 6 hours of the fist application , 98 % of the fleas were gone . The remaining few disappeared by the following day . It is really nice to find a product that actually does what it is supposed to do . At about $ 10 a tube , it is a bargain . Especially considering how much money I wasted on useless stuff like sprays and flea collars .
 We have a 16yr poodle , a 15yr poodle & a 5yr cockapoo . All of them use K9 Advantix and have no problems . Excellent products for all ages dogs .
 K9 Advantix works great on my dog . He is a little more active than most and likes to run around in the rain , so the medication does n't always last a whole month for him . It lasts about two and a half to three weeks if it 's raining a lot . It does kill every flea that touches him . Another thing I like about this product is the repelling ability . It kills whatever is on my dog , and keeps new bugs away . I use K9 Advantix every month , and my dog stays happy . Remember
 Our two dogs became infested with fleas a couple years ago . We tried a ton of different medications , and were about to ` bomb ' the house when our vet recommended K9 Advantix . Within one week there were NO fleas , not on the dogs , not in the house . Before using K9 Advantix , I 'd sit at night picking fleas off our one poodle , and we were desperate for a solution . This is a fabulous product . As we did n't have experience with ticks or mosquitos when using this product , I ca n't comment on them , but for fleas , this is the best . I was told by a salesperson at Petsmart that Advantix has a repellant in it besides something to kill the fleas , and Frontline , its main competitor , has only a flea killer , which wo n't work until the flea bites the dog.In addition , I found a review by the NIH regarding the two medications for ticks and I quote an excerpt from the abstract
 I have used this product on my active pointer since he was just a young pup and he has yet to ever have a flea or tick . I have found ticks on him , but they were dead . This product is wonderful . You have to remember though , its very important to not bathe your dog within 48 hours of applying the Advantix because it works with the natural skin oils and they must not get wet for around 24 hours or so afterwards to achieve maximum effect.This product is great ! He gets into trees , ponds , bushes , fields , etc. and never brings home fleas or ticks . Which is nice because the cat would n't appreciate that . It is worth the hefty price you shell out for it . Once a flea gets into your home , they are everywhere . It is very difficult to remove fleas from your home once there is an infestation . Best to place this product on your dog to prevent it from happening to begin with .
 When the hot summer season comes , my dogs are always suffering from fleas . The Vet office suggested to use frontline . I tried it on my dogs , did n't work , so I started to tried different fleas medication , no one seems work well , until Advantix . It works great on my dogs . Dogs does n't like the oil on their neck , but it will dry out in about 2-3 hours , after that will be fine . I am very glad that they do n't need to be suffered from fleas bite for a month . It is very worthy to spend .
 After dog # 5 and # 6 was left to fend for themselves at my gate it became to expensive to use Heartguard along with flea and tick control . I switched to Advantix -LRB- I used frontline for years with great success against fleas and ticks -RRB- because it repels mosquitos and flies as well as fleas and ticks . I thought if mosquitos are n't biting my dogs will have less change of contracting heartworms . Because I live in the middle of the woods we are plagued by mosquitos , ticks and deer fly . After appyling Advantix the deer flies do not swarm my dogs . I think it works with the mosquitos , but I never really saw them on my dogs before . Only down fall is it may fall a little short of 30 days . I have found an occasional tick when it 's near the time to retreat .
 This is the best way to get your flea repellant cheaper and you know what your getting ! Fast shipping and a great product to rid yourself of fleas and ticks .
 Excellent product !! Used on two dogs and kept fleas and ticks away just like the product says it does . Very happy with this product !
 Used this product on my three dogs - It worked great for about 3 weeks , but lost it 's efficacy by the end of week 3 . I think , however it is a great product as we live in the deep woods - and in an area where ticks are rampant , and especially this year . I would purchase it again .
 Every time that I would put a flea control on my dog , Scoop , he tries to rub this on the carpet or the ground outside . Since I switched to K9 Advantix , he does n't . Great product / Decent price but wish it was less expensive .
 My pup has been around flea infested dogs this last week and she has none :-RRB- I 've always loved Advantage and this is the first time I 've used Advantix and I 'm very pleased with it . I was worried because my dog is SUPER sensitive to anything and I was glad to see the side effects were pretty light and could be cured with benedryl if she were to have an allergic reaction . Needless to say she has taken very well to it :D I wo n't use anything else .
 This is such a great product and worked so well for my dogs . It took one night to stop the itching . It is also a really good price and was the cheapest I have ever bought this product .
 An excellent product that keeps my dogs flea free and does n't allow ticks to survive on them . Not the lowest price , but the most convenient place to buy .
 Living in an area where West Nile virus was found within 500 feet , this gives my dogs protection , plus the flea and tick preventive is necessary . Thanks for the price and delivery service !
 Without this stuff , the mosquitoes literally SWARM around my dog . With it , they pretty much stay away for up to 4 weeks after application . I guess it works on fleas and ticks too since she 's never had any of those obnoxious parasites either . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that after application , the fur can be a little matted for a couple of days . Looks kinda weird and can be dangerous to touch if you do n't wash your hands right away . Side note
 The product works just as described . Plus it also works for fleas and mosquitos . Love it .
 I have used this product on 2 dogs now . One being a pug , the other a rat terrier . Both times have been a success . The biggest success so far was the pug . She had fleas when we got her and we put this on her and within 15-30 minutes , the fleas were coming off of her dead . The other thing was that this stuff repels mosquitos . That is not a lie . Our patio has frequent blood-suckers and they will bother you and make you come inside . But we took the pug out with us several times and never had mosquitos bother us , you could hear them flying around , but they would n't come in our vicinity . So far it has been winter and has n't been an opportunity to see how the rat terrier will do with the mosquitos , but she has been flea free so far . I highly recommend this product but if your dog does have complications , then that 's understandable you would n't like it . So , for me it 's been 2 for 2 success rate .
 very happy with product . i used last year-infestation with fleas was gone almost instantly . we 're using this year as a preventive measure .
 This is a fantastic product . Originally we used Frontline , but our vet.recommended Advantix , as it offers a broader spectrum of coverage.Our 2 Brittanys have never had any flea or tick problems while using this product , and have never suffered from an allergic reaction to Advantix.The only `` down '' side is the oily `` stripe '' that the application leaves on the pet 's back . However , it is a minor irritation when compared to the complete coverage offered by Advantix.I have purchased this from several online stores , but Amazon has the best price.I highly recommend Advantix .
 My dog had a severe infestation of fleas and after looking over the major brands on the market , most notably Frontline and Program , I decided on going with K9 Advantix . It worked . Upon application , my dog behaved a bit restless and uncomfortable and scratched uncontrollably . -LRB- I think it drove the fleas on a mass exodus that must quite uncomfortable . -RRB- Two hours after application I noticed dying fleas everywhere he went . Within a day , there was n't a living flea on him . Over the course of the month , the medicine has continued to work , though around the 25th day I did notice a flea . -LRB- Could have picked it up outside -RRB- . I 'm happy with the results of this product , especially for how severe the situation was going into the treatment .
 I was using Revolution on my dogs for the past few years for the convenience of not having to give them a heartworm pill every month . However , recently I was dogsitting for a friend who uses Advantix . All of the dogs were playing out in the yard . When they came in , I noticed that only my two dogs had welts , which were mosquito bites , all over them . I decided to try Advantix and no more mosquito bites ! I am very happy I decided to switch .
 Our dogs continue to enjoy being flea free with your product.Thanks
 We have 7 dogs from 6 to 40 pounds . I use the over 55 pound size and divide it up according to their weight to save money . I 've tried them all and this is the best .
 Our dog is doing great on the Advantix Flea , even though he is outside a lot he has not gotten fleas .
 this is the best product I have found to get rid of keep fleas off my dogs , I was petting my dog and noticed alot of fleas on his belly . I put the K9 Advantix on him the next day he did not have a flea on him .
 I would recommend this product . My dog acted indifferent to my applying the Advantix and is seemed to work quickly on the fleas . Unfortunately , I purchased biospot for my other larger dog , at the same time , and the biospot not only sent my big dog into hysterics and then a day of lethargy , but it has n't worked at all.Stick to the pricier flea products like advantix or frontline and get the job done !
 Our JRT has used this for many years with no problems at all . We live across the street from a ` nature park ' ... and with the beauty of the park , also comes ticks and mosquitos ... so we prefer this over other ` flea ' products . The delivery was excellent as Amazon Prime always is - we try to purchase things which qualify for Amazon Prime !!
 After having used Frontline for over 8 years , we switched to K9 Advantix in order to save money . We have 2 dogs -LRB- 24 and 53 pounds -RRB- both using the 21-55 pound dose . Frontline offers a narrower dosing weight , therefore we had to purchase 2 different Frontline products . Purchasing one dose range of K9 Advantix in bulk will save us money.We were happy with Frontline , so this review will compare K9 Advantix to Frontline . Again we only made the switch to save money . Amazon by far is the best source for Frontline and Advantix . I have been unable to beat the price offered here.Likes : - Packaging
 I have a small dog who stays in the house but still gets fleas from outside . All I have to do is apply the K9 Advantix once a month and no more fleas !! The product is great !
 product arrived much faster than expected , and it is exactly the same as the one my vet sells or what you will find at pet stores only CHEAPER . why pay more ? I lucked out with free shipping , and I could not be more pleased
 We have used Advantix on our dogs for years and found this seller to have the best price so far . Good service too .
 This product has worked fairly well . I have n't found any fleas but do the occasional tick . Application can be messy . I 'm not sure if it 's because my dog has a short coat , but a few hours after application as it spread there 's just a big greasy blop on the back between the collar bone . I think it bothers my dog as he rubs his back all over the rug , which does n't sit well with me that he 's rubbing this chemical on my rug . I do try and stop him but a few minutes later he 'll just be at it again . This is only the first 2 days or so though . Once it spreads out it 's fine .
 I received the product ordered as described in a prompt and efficient manner . I will order again . I was very pleased with the service and efficiency .
 Everything in order was received promptly as company promised . I would use them again . Also , email with order info was nice . Thx
 This is the old advantix , i switches to the new Advantix II which is supposed to be as good as the Frontline and ill stick to Advantix II for now . The ticks however did not die off when i had Advantix II or Frontline on the dogs . I read online and used vinegar and that seemed to do the trick . The dogs get 2 walks daily and run all over the brush so they picked it up from the walks and its been over 4 months and no more ticks . So if this product worked or not hard to say i know the ticks were still there with frontline or this product so im giving it 5 stars for sure .
 I am very happy with this product . I have two tiny dogs -LRB- toy poodle & a teacup chihuahua My chi has allergies and I used this item on both dogs without any reactions or products . I have yet to encounter any problems . This is my second order from this vendor ... happy happy happy a must try !
 My Alaskan husky is n't a fan of the application , but this product works . I have n't had any flea - or tick-related problems .
 It works really well and my dog does n't have a bad reaction to it , unlike some flea medications where she runs around . I never had a problem with this .
 I purchased about the same product through my vet -LRB- Advantix II -RRB- and it was at least twice the price . This product does the same thing for your dog , it is just an older version . I tried this on my dog once I received it , and it has been working just as it should . -LRB- No fleas and no ticks . -RRB-
 Had used Frontline Top Spot since it came on the market . With 3 Catahoula Leopards I see no difference in performance between the 2 products ... flea & tick free . K9 was recommenced by my vet so I gave it a try . I 'm sold unless PetArmor is better .
 Advantix has kept our five Australian shepherds completely free of ticks and fleas this entire summer . We live in a rural area , where the dogs go after ground squirrels , and plunge into brushy area in hot pursuit . Be aware that it takes the product a couple of days to become effective following the first application . We will continue to use this product as we find it to be highly effective .
 I had used Frontline flea control effectively for many years until we noticed last summer that our dog was scratching all the time . Someone suggested that we might have purchased a bad batch of frontline and so we bought another package but still he was scratching . We were applying the Frontline faithfully on schedule but still scratching . Our level of frustration grew until we thought he might be suffering from allergies or mites . After trying many other -LRB- expensive -RRB- treatments , he was still scratching so bad that we had resorted to putting dog clothing on him to protect his skin . Finally in desperation , I was scouring the internet for solutions and read an article about flea control becoming ineffective . Many people were commenting that Frontline was no longer working for their pets but that Advantix was . I purchased the Advantix and 6 weeks later , my dog was completely scratch free . I know it sounds dramatic but this restored sanity to our whole household and needless to say our poor pet is now out of pain and torment . Plus we no longer need to question whether he has allergies or mites . It was fleas all along - but they were not obviously visible .
 K9 has always controlled fleas on our dogs . PetArmor and others never worked for us . We will keep using K9 on all our dogs .
 very content with product recieved what i orderd product arrived in usable condition decently priced would use again thank you
 Man , does this safe you money ! If Advantix works for your dog , then this is the affordable way to get it .
 Worth the price . Have tries cheaper brands with no luck . This stuff gets rid of fleas fast . Do n't forget the carpet spray !
 K9 is the prefered product by our vet , but here I can buy the product much cheaper and it has the same protection
 I was a bit concerned with using this product at the beginning with so many serious side effects listed . However , as with any pesticide , I figured there are side effects . I put the product on my puppy and watched him closely for several hours . Luckily he did n't have any and the product is working great .
 K9 Advantix has always worked well for us and so far , this batch has been no exception to the rule .
 been using this for years on our lab-chow ; it 's the most effective product for flea control we 've ever tried and we 've had dogs for 30 over years .
 Best price I 've found for the same great product that you pay much more for at the vet .
 I 've used K Advantix on our labs for several years and have never had a problem . I highly recomend it .
 I like Advantix better than Frontline for several reasons . First , I think it is more effective keeping the ticks off my hounds and second , it helps repel mosquitoes . In the summer , the mosquitoes would just attack my hounds ears . After using advantix , they can go outside and not be infested and bitten . Obviously , with any medication , use with care as aby dog can get a reaction , but I have had excellent luck with it .
 Great product - the only one that actually works for my dog ! This was a great price too !
 I use the advantix all year round for my 2 labs . Finding the best price just got easier ... after weeks of internet searching for the cheapest price , I found Amazon.com
 I have been using this product on all my dogs for years and have not seen a single flea on any of them . I have also not seen any adverse reactions .
 I have used this on my dogs for 5 years and I get the big one and split it between my two 40 ound dogs -LRB- saves money -RRB- and I have not had any fleas in all that time .
 I bought this product because we were using Frontline Plus for a while and every time we applied it , we noticed our dog was n't herself for the rest of the day . She is typically a curious and active dog but after the Frontline application , she would just sleep for hours and almost seemed how a human would behave if he/she were sick -LRB- lethargic , unenthusiastic , etc -RRB- . I have n't noticed this reaction with the K9 Advantix .
 Fleas disappeared immediately and never came back . The cheaper brands just do not work Great price and fast shipment . We will be back for more .
 Product was received in approx 1 wk . Package was missing two months applications but company was easy to work with and quick to respond with refund
 This product works great for my dog and the price by the seller is so much better than what I was paying at the vet for the exact same medication .
 Great Price , lowest I found and it arrived quickly . Definitely will order from here again
 what can I say , this works . When I have tried cheaper products we had fleas . When I use Advantage no fleas ever . So I am sticking with it .
 Everyone is watching their bottom line and I 'm no exception . It was a relief to find the flea treatment my dog needs at a price much lower than mainstream pet supply site . Also , it was delivered within a couple of days for standard .
 We are on our second dose and it seems to be working . Never had a problems with ticks on our dog before ... and we have had her for 12 years now . I hear that this is the best treatment for the dogs . Hopefully by the third dose she will be clean !
 We have never had problem with this product for our toy poodle . He may scratch a little more that normal for a few days but thats it .
 At the Vet they wanted $ 90.00 for Advantix . I went online and compared prices with several places and Amazon had the cheapest price . Even with shipping . I have bought several things here and have been very happy with my purchases everytime !! Thanks Amazon !!!
 I have used this with my PWC puppy for over 6 month and never had any issues . Great product for a good price .
 K9 Advantix Flea control is a great product . This shipper is great product shipped very quickly . This is a very competive price for flea control .
 Bought the product because last year my dog , a wonderful big Golden Retriever had a serious desease from ticks , and the products we had been using did not provide good enough coverage for ticks . Have applied it today because I just came back from the States and will see if it works ... our vet said it 's very good , so we hope the dog will be effectively protected and able to go to his everyday walk , everywhere .
 I tend to buy this through amazon because the price is good . I 've been using it for 3 years on my dog with no problems . If we have visitors within 24 hours of applying the product we do warn them not to pet the dog , except on his head or belly . Our pup is flea free ! If we find ticks on him , it 's normally because we were late in applying this month 's dosage .
 This product is very effective to prevent ticks , fleas and mosquitos . Our dog has never had fleas or ticks . It is easy to apply and does n't irritate her skin . Highly recommended .
 The product worked well and the dog is happy . A happy Beagle is a good Beagle in my book ! The product came quickly , as promised , and I would definately reccomend ordering via Amazon.com in the future . I 've used Amazon.com many many times over the years and will continue to do so .
 Product is fabulous and works well.Don ' t order it from the Amazon warehouse though -- takes forever to get !
 Was exactly what it said it was . Real product . Showed up in adequate time .
 ADVANTIX IS THE BEST WE HAVE FOUND FOR OUR CATS AND DOGS . WE LIVE ON 500 ACRES OF WATERSHED AND UNBUILT LAND ALL AROUND US SO TICKS , FLEAS , AND MOSQUITOS ARE EXTREMELY BAD . THIS WORKS ON ALL GREAT !
 Used Frontline ... it did n't work . Been using Advantix for 6 months now ... works beautifully ... no fleas , no ticks , no mosquito bites , no reaction . My dog is a 6yr old terrier mix , 11 lbs . and happy ... so am I :-RRB- I use the 11-20 lb . application .
 This particular brand seems to continue to work for my two furbabies although it may not last a full month sometimes . And , at just a tad over $ 10.00 a monthly dose , Amazon is the least expensive especially since shipping is free .
 Got what I ordered and in a timely manner . A much better price than the `` Chain Stores '' . I will order from here again when my supplies run low .
 easy to order from site , product came as quickly as promised , could n't have been easier .
 These bowls are the right size for our cats . They are made from very durable plastic and have a non-skid ring around the bottom edge . They can be placed in the dishwasher top rack without issue . Easily cleaned by hand also .
 pictures can often be misleading , but in this case the birdfeeder exceeded my expectations . it is larger than i thought it would be , and is every bit a classy looking in person as the pictures made it seem . it has a very sturdy heavy guage black wire already attached for hanging so that all i had to do was put it out in the yard . the top white cupola lifts off for very easy filling . i just put it up , so the birds and the inevitable squirrels have n't found it yet , but i look forward to watching all the activity once they do . it looks wonderful out in the yard & am very happy with my purchase . i 've seen cheaper looking feeders in stores that were much more expensive . i would gladly recommend this to anyone . it can even be mounted on a 3/4 inch pole if i decide to do that in the future , but for now it looks great hanging from the tree .
 It is a huge feeder . Holds a lot of feed so does n't require frequent filling . It 's a beautiful feeder and is very easy to fill .
 Light weight and pretty . The birds seem to love it !! Holds a lot of seed so that you do not have to refill frequently
 The bird feeder is simply beautiful and was a bargain compared to those iin the stores . It is very well made and should hold up for a number of years !
 The picture does not do the size of this bird house justice . When the box came I assumed that there were multiple items in the box . Joke on me . This bird house can hold alot of bird seed and my wife loves it .
 This graces my front flower bed and there are always beautiful birds around.The price was unbelievable and it is very attractive add on . I shopped around for some time for something like this & thanks to you , this was exactly what I was looking for .
 Beautiful Feeder . Love it ! Great size , looks so pretty and birds like it too.Easy to use , easy to fill . The nicest feeder i have gotten in years
 I enjoy feeding the birds and wanted a feeder which held enough seed so I would not have to refill every day . I bought two of these since they held 10 lbs . I did have to rewrap the wire inside one of the feeders the first time I hung them up as the weight -LRB- half full -RRB- caused it to come off and the feeder dropped to the ground . Wish the wire was attached to the feeder more permanently instead of just wrapped around . The wire on my other feeders is permanently attached and the only way it would come off is if the feeder was broken . Other than that , I like the feeder . Looks good , the birds like it and it will hold a lot of feed .
 This is the coolest bird feeder . It is classy and elegant ; yet very functional for feeding our feather friends . Well made and a beautiful design . Was very satisfied with the product .
 I love the look of this bird feeder . I hung it on the side of my mothers house for her and she loves it too . Birds come to it all of the time and it is better then anything you could build at home .
 This is a beautiful bird feeder and what a value Thank-you very much . A great buy for any bird lover .
 This bird feeder is very pretty and old fashioned looking . Holds 2 pounds of seed so you do n't have to refill as often and the birds love it too . We have lots of finches and sparrows and lots can fit on this feeder .
 Check Tractor Supply before you buy . I saw the exact feeder at their store on 12/22 , on sale for $ 12 ! Darn !
 This is quite a big bird feeder . It does look pretty in my wifes rose garden . So far the construction looks nice but we will see how it holds up to the wind in my area -LRB- and the dogs -RRB- .
 Just the thing for those of us that do n't want to be filling the bird feeder all the time .
 I purchased this after our platform feeder finally turned into too big of a mess to deal with . The birds LOVED it , and flocked to it , so I was a little hesitant about replacing it with a `` normal '' feeder but decided to give it a go.This Gazebo feeder is VERY substantial and well-made . It is plastic , but much sturdier than some wood bird feeders we have . We * do n't * have squirrels here in Southwest Florida so I ca n't tell you if it 's squirrel-proof or not.I was going to have my husband mount the bird feeder on a pole , but it came with sturdy materials for hanging -LRB- including a bracket and thick coated wire -RRB- , so we decided to hang it by one of our front windows and see if the birds would still come . I was a little concerned about it being battered around by the heavy storms we have here in the summer , but after seeing the hanging materials , and feeling the heft of the feeder when filled with seed -LRB- it holds a TON of seed ! -RRB- , I felt more confident.Within a few hours , the birds were all back , including the cardinals . Another reviewer mentioned that the white color might deter birds from coming , but they do n't seem to mind - the majority of the feeder is the color of the seed you put inside . And they are n't able to jimmy the plexiglass panels holding the seed up to get more out , like they do with our wood bird feeder in the backyard -LRB- they figured out a way to prop the panels open so a gush of seed pours out onto the ground.The doves ca n't balance on the edge of the feeder , so that 's sort of a downfall , but they enjoy sitting below and waiting for leftovers . Another downfall is the opening to refill the feeder is sort of small , but it holds so much seed that refilling wo n't be a regular exercise.I really love this feeder . It 's sturdy , the birds like it , it 's really pretty to look at , holds a ton of seed , keeps that seed very well protected from the elements . I 'll be interested to see how it does throughout SW Florida 's stormy and scorching summer , but so far , I could n't be happier .
 I ordered this feeder after a similar model that I had finally broke after many , many years . I was drawn to this particular feeder because of it 's ten pound capacity . It truly does hold a LOT of seed ! I almost always use black oil sunflower seeds , and it holds about 10 pounds of those.I was very happy when it arrived . It is pretty , easy to fill , and sturdy . Everything needed for hanging it was included . It can also be mounted on a pole , but that is a separate purchase.I have only had this about three weeks , and have n't had to clean it out yet , but I feel it will be an easy job to do.The birds love it ! It seems that even more species are able to land and enjoy a meal than I used to get with my old feeder .
 I can fill the feeder and it lasts several days - so much easier than the daily re-fills I was doing with the smaller feeder I had .
 We ordered this feeder in an effort to find one that would hold a lot but did n't cost a fortune . This one has been great ; in fact it even foiled the squirrels for a few days . So now we have three feeders and , it appears , three times more birds than before ! It 's fun !
 COSTMETICALLY PLEASING TO THE EYE , nice to look at . The perch is too close to the feeder causing the birds to have to sit sideways . yes , I speak for the birds as we have regular customers at our feeders . I forgot , it is also hard to fill because the opening is too small .
 This is a high quality plactic birdfeeder that will brighten up your yard with a fun lighthouse design . It seems to be medium to high quality that should last years to come.Update
 The only fault I find is the the birdfeeder is white.Birds will NOT go to white sufaces . I went over it with shoes polish to give it a spotted or speckeled effect and the birds flock -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- to it .
 This feeder holds a LOT of bird food . . and is very attractive , hangs sturdy , company shipped quickly . Would buy from this company again .
 I just love this item ! I bought it as a Christmas present for my parents and they love it , too . And I 'm sure the birds will love it , too , when my dad gets it hung up .
 It does what it 's supposed to do and is a cute addition to the yard , but it does seem a little fragile . Still a good buy for the price .
 bought this as a gift and he loved it , if you love birds and lighthouses then this is def for you
 Lovely summertime feeder for lots of visitors winging their way to backyards from trees and meadows . feeding areas are larger so the larger seeds like sunflowers can be easily eaten . -LRB- I usually do n't have too many pesky squirrels in the summer ! -RRB-
 This was a christmas gift for my mom and she was extremely happy with it ! I would definitely recommend this to everyone !
 Not only is this feeder beautiful to look at but has plenty of room for many birds to eat at the same time ...
 I love Gazebo 's so thought in would look very nice in my flower garden , and it does . Also being plastic , it will never need painting !
 This is a cute style and I looked forward to putting it out to watch the birds . It has not disappointed us . We are very happy with itl
 This is a great item ... especially for anyone at at cottage or lake house . Using nyjer seed for yellow finches and chickadees . . it was perfect . This item and its price make a great thank-you gift for a visit and is priced right for that occasion . I have two of them at our cottage and plan of giving two more as Christmas gifts to friends who live on waterways with lighthouses . It holds a very good amount of seed and the seed never gets wet ! A Great Item !!
 This birdfeeder is attractive , well contstructed and will hold LOTs of bird feed . The only drawback is if you use it as a pole mount it might need a little modification . We ended up packing a two-sided tape around the pole and then mounting to give a little more stability , but that has worked great for us . Overall I would recommend this product .
 This item is wonderful . It is beautiful and it also holds a large amount of seeds so I do n't need to constantly refill . The birds seem to enjoy it . So far no squirrel have been able to destroy any part of it . I am very happy with this purchase . It is hung from a wire which allows you to adjust the length you want to hang it at .
 This is the nicest large capacity feeder I could find.It 's also very sturdy . No snap together plastic here . It 's actually screwed together not glued .
 This was a perfect birthday gift for my father and he really is happy with this birdfeeder . He really likes the quality and size of it . He really enjoys watching all the birds that the birdfeeder brings to his yard .
 The birdfeeder I had for 12 years just like this one finally had to be replaced . I was so lucky to find a new one just like it . It 's Great ! It holds a lot of seed , is easy to fill and slips easily onto our pole .
 We gave this to our son and he appreciates it and enjoys the birds it attracks and feeds very much
 This is a nice looking bird feeder and attracts many of the smaller birds . The part the birds perch on could have been made to extend little farther from the seed container allowing medium size birds to more easily perch . For small birds such as sparrows and finches it works fine and I do occasionally have a Cardinal feed from it briefly . It holds a lot of seed so it does n't need to be refilled as often as some . The opening for refilling on top is kind of small so you have to be careful not to spill seed when refilling . Also the top cap does not snap into place - it just sits on top so a strong wind can and has blown mine off . I attached a short piece of wire to the inside to secure it . It 's not perfect but I really like it - especially at this price .
 The house already has residents . It is really nice to see all the birds go crazy for feed . I think we have every bird there is .
 This gazebo is so cute ! I love seeing the birds come . However , whoever designed it did n't have the medium-larger birds in mind -LRB- cardinals , bluejays ... -RRB- as only small birds can perch on it . I still think it adds some charm in the area where I placed it .
 I 've read many reviews which stated the hanging wire came loose , the feeder crashed to the ground and the unit broke . People , you must open the feeder to fill it with seed . The wire is in PLAIN SIGHT and it does n't take a brain surgeon to know at a glance that the wire MUST be secured by the owner before it will do what it is designed to do . I 've had mine since late yesterday afternoon , filled it with 10 pounds of seed , hung it last night and the birds are flocking to it this morning . If It is installed correctly , it will perform as advertised . My wife and I are extremely pleased with our purchase . Look forward to many , many hours of enjoying the birds , our feeder and the fact that it holds enough seeds to last about a week before refilling is necessary!Remember , it must be installed correctly as most everything you use must be !
 Lots of hanging wire included . Birdfeeder is very pretty . The lid rides up the wire easily and there is no way to secure it . The birds love this feeder and it is always the first one emptied . It is plastic . Good feeder .
 I love this bird feeder . It is easy to open and fill . I had one that I bought years ago and it finally broke . I had looked for another one just like it some time ago and was unable to find it . I recently just stumbled upon this one when searching for something else on Amazon.I have it set up and the birds are back and happy .
 I absolutely love listening to birds chirping while sitting outside in the shade on a warm summer 's day . It 's so relaxing . I got this bird feeder because it was different and looked cool . I was n't disappointed with it . It 's getting plenty of use by my chirping friends .
 The shipping was great and on time . The bird feeder fit our needs very well . It is now installed on top of a 6 foot light house that my husband built . A solar panel was installed on the roof and a revolving light was put inside . We live in a 55 + community and our neighbors have all given good comments on it . Another use for a Cherry Valley bird feeder .
 I really like this bird feeder , HOWEVER check how the wire attaches to the feeder when you take it out of the box !!! My story
 This birdfeeder is huge ! I love the style , I bought the gazebo and love how pretty it is ! It 's platic , which is fine because it 's easy to clean . I will certainly buy another one of these : -RRB-
 Well built feeder with large capacity . Top blows off but easily fixed with tape around inside to snug the fit . Jury is still out if it attracts the birds
 The Cherry Valley Feeder has been a good one for us . You must make the wire secure to the ring on the inside and make a secure loop on the outside by making multiple wraps of the wire . We have ours hung from a metal post bent with a hangar at the top . We use a baffle on the post to prevent squirrels and chipmunks from getting at the feeder . Although the feeder holds ten pounds , we only fill it half full and that is plenty . We have birds every day and so far have had Gold Finches , Sparrows , Chick a Dees , and Cardinals . As we live in Maine our bird population is beginning to decline as birds fly south for the winter . However , I will leave the feeder up all winter as we continue to get sparrows and chickadees all winter long . One change I will make when it is time to fill the feeder is to put a couple of screws in the fill cap to hold it in place . Occasionally the cap will come loose swinging in the wind otherwise.We use black oil sunflower seeds exclusively as all the birds seems to like them and they are readily available . We do n't know how the feeder will hold up over the long haul but for the first month it has been fine . It is especially good looking , and the birds stay it the feeder longer than they did our old tube feeder .
 Its very pretty & a great size . easy to fill but the opening is smaller than my old one . I found if i open at the corner of the bird feed it just pours in pretty easy . as far as the hanger cord itself well i wouldnt trust it since its really just a coated wire . it comes sorta wrapped up in a circle so I just used that circle & attached it to a hook which is on a strong tree limb . i think it should be supported well that way . all round great buy & the birds love it -LRB- well the food in it really -RRB-
 We love this bird feeder and so do the birds , although the larger birds are upset that the platform is not as large as the last one , but the small birds are happier and the large ones are finding a way . The gazebo feeder looks beautiful in our yard . We are enjoying it very much .
 Purchased two of these feeders . Holds alot of seeds . The reason I purchased it was because it is plastic and it looks nice . We live in PA and we get some bad winter weather and gusty winds and did not want to buy a wood one that would eventually rot from the elements . The only draw back is that there are holes in the plastic where the three perches go for the birds to stand on , they were too small and my husband had to drill larger holes , which was not a big deal at all.I believe you will be pleased should you order this birdfeeder . : -RRB-
 I really like them . i ordered two of them I would highly recommend them.They are really pretty and serve their purpose .
 It 's absolutely my fault for not reading the details . I thought I was buying NATURAL coral , as in REAL . This is a synthetic coral and it would be great for decoration in an aquarium . it looks really nice but I was looking for the real deal to use in an art experiment , and as the coral would be placed in a kiln and bunt off I do n't think this plastic/resin piece would work very well -LRB- or be very health friendly -RRB- . I also did n't understand why , since its plastic , the package was shipped in another package and bubble wrapped like it was a fragile piece of glass .
 It fits perfect in the litter box wash stand I purchased . I originally had a regular pan but the litter got all over the inside of the wash stand , so I had to sweep a lot . I still have a lot of sweeping to do but it has nothing to do with the pan . Fast shipping , and good communication with seller .
 I searched the internet and stores to find the right size litter box for my kitten . I needed one with high sides as he scatters the litter . I did n't want a covered box and I also did n't want to spend a lot of money on it . I 've been very pleased with this litter box . I got the medium pan -LRB- 18x14x9 -RRB- . It 's a soft green and it 's just the right size and height that most of the litter stays in the box . It 's easy to clean and the price was right .
 This littler pan fits the Designer Catbox Litter Box Enclosure slightly snug - which is what you want - so that the litter stays in the pan and not on the floor of the enclosure . You definitely need the low profile on the one side of the pan because the cats have to be able to walk through a little doorway to get into the litter pan . And then the one high side on the opposite end helps to keep the litter in the pan as well .
 I bought this litter pan to fit in a cat litter house . I like it because it has the extra height in the back .
 Awesome fits right in the big wood cat box enclosure thing i bought - and its high enough that she does n't kick the litter everywhere !
 I would recommend this product . It helps to keep the litter out of the floor and in the box , where it belongs .
 When my energetic kitten started spraying litter all over the floor , I sought a solution - this high-sided box in conjunction with a textured mat beneath it . It helped immensely . For the better part of a year . As kitty grew , though , it was no longer just litter spraying around . Yeh , yuck . Then he got clever and started turning to face the high end , squirting over the low end , past the catch mat , onto my wooden floors . When I turned the box , he over-sprayed onto my wall . No longer a kitten , but a muscular 13-pound male , I knew I needed a new solution . This litter pan was great for my kitten , but as he grew , not for my big male cat.I liked this pan for quite a while . For a smaller cat , or a female , I think it is very good , and solves some problems . The price was certainly right.I ended up buying a new box
 I think this pan is overpriced . I got it with prime a year ago or so and expected more durable plastic . It 's just regular plastic with different dimensions . It will help the splatter . However , it 's not as sturdy as some claim .
 This works fine in the litter cabinet I purchased at the same time . I would n't actually need the tall back as it turns out , but it is fine as it is .
 Great pan ! My cat was always leaving a mess around her other box , but this has stopped that . Great choice .
 This pan works great for my two cats , one female and one male ... . A very good purchase for anyone who has a cat that pee 's over the side of the regular size pans and it really helps to stop the tracking of litter as well ...
 These litter pans are great ! Perfect size and really keep my cats from kicking litter out on the floor . My cats do not like the enclosed pans so this was a great solution at a purrfect price .
 So much easier than going to the store ! Wonderful transaction , super fast shipping . Great all around !
 I purchased this as an alternative to the more expensive remote control shock collars since barking was the main problem I could n't successfully correct . With both my dogs -LRB- black lab mix and min pin mix -RRB- , the barking stopped very quickly . The response of the first shock was alarming , as they both screamed like they had gotten stung by a bee . I only used the collar when I did n't want incessant barking to occur , like in the car or backyard . It was very important to me that the dogs learned that their behavior , and not the collar , was causing the pain . Therefore , within two weeks , I was able to stop using the collar all together as they learned that barking was not an appropriate behavior in those situations.Pros :1 . A tone/beep is sounded before the first level shock . After a few shocks the dogs learn that after hearing the tone , a shock will follow if the barking does n't stop .2 . Six different levels of shock to aid in the training . I appreciate this because I know that the dog only receives the lowest level shock that is appropriate and they have numerous opportunities to correct their behavior .3 . Safety off - if a dog is barking uncontrollably , the device will pause after 15 barks . Great for when I had to use it in my apartment to prevent my dog from barking while I was at work .4 . Adjustable collar - could be adjusted to fit both my 70 lb lab mix and 15 lb min pin mix.Cons :1 . I did notice that with my black lab mix , since her hair and neck were so thick , the first few times of barking she was shocked maybe 4 times before she felt it . Soon she learned that following the tone , she would feel the shock .2 . Battery has short shelf life . While it lasted through the training of my first dog fine , when I wanted to use it for my 2nd dog a year later , I had to buy a new battery -LRB- in a 2 pack -RRB- .3 . Upon receiving the product , I was not pleased to read about the inability to use the device for a long period of time . I had originally intended on just leaving the collar on 24/7 , but after learning about possible rashes with the neck , not leaving it on for more than 12 hours , and having to wipe down the neck after each use , I decided to use the collar for only specific circumstances . Because of this choice , I did n't have any problems with the prongs affecting the neck area . Others may have a different experience .4 . Since the device is activated by vibrations , jingling dog tags can set the device off .
 I was very pleased with my order . Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised . I will be buying again . . BEING AN ARMY FAMILY WE ONLY WANT THE BEST AND THIS PAST OUR TEST . .
 I purchased these collars for my 2 Jack Russell Terriers who loved to bark at any animal late at night or at 4:30 in the morning . After receiving unsigned letters from my neighbor , I purchased the collars . Jacks are extremely smart dogs and it did not take them long to learn what happened when they barked . I am extremely pleased with the result as they have controlled their barking when not wearing the collar .
 my berger picard had extreme separation anxiety when i left for work each morning . neighbors complained and my dog was wearing herself out . i researched solutions and with hesitancy decided on the bark collar . it arrived very quickly and was easy to use . it has halted my dog 's barking when i am away from the house . i use it only when i am away from her . the neighbors no longer complain .
 The collar comes on an adjustable red , nylon rope that was able to fit my 10 lbs dog 's neck . As the dog barks , the collar will emit three warning beeps before actually shocking the dog . The shock is n't that strong -LRB- I rubbed the collar against my pant leg , it feels like a strong hand buzzer -RRB- , but it was strong enough to make my dog stop barking . This collar works fast too -- within two times my dog has learned to stop barking and has a calmer demeaner.My only issue is that the collar is not able to eradicate the whining/crying noise of my dog .
 Sheltie 's are known to be barkers ... but after 1 day , my sheltie now only barks if I forget to put the collar on him when he goes outside . Since he has fairly long hair , the directions recommended that I trim his hair by his neck , where the box would be located ... and that helped immensely . My neighbors are happy now , and so am I !
 PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark CollarIn March of 2008 we adopted a three months old Beagle . Wonderful disposition . But , he discovered his bark and howl . Either could easily bring down the roof . We understood that this was normal Beagle behavior but sought a humane means of curbing it . We were referred to the PetSafe No-Bark Collar . We followed the insructions . All barking and howling stopped immediately . We continued to use the collar for a period of three weeks at which time we stopped using it all together . That was a month ago . Not one instance of a bark or howl since . No kidding . All barking and howling ceased . His disposition is as sweet as ever . The collar training was easy , painless , and humane for everyone ! It is worth mentioning that the collar we were first sent was defective . However , this negative was quickly turned into a positive . We called the 800 number which was provided and were quickly connected to a service person who helped determine what the problem was . And , in our situation forwarded us a replacement which arrived in 48 hours . They included a prepaid box to return the defective item . Hassle free ! Great productfrom a company that stands behind what they sell .
 My sister had been staying with us for some time after selling her home . Her west highland terrier had been a barker for some time and was getting worse in his new surroundings . This was causing much stress among us . Finally my sister agreed to try a PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar and I ordered it from Amazon -LRB- through Mutt-Mart -RRB- . The change was amazing ! This product was literally a life saver ! Yes ... I wo n't lie ... the dog let out an initial minor yelp or two , but he learned within about 36 hours and the house is once again virtually SILENT . -LRB- Even without him wearing the collar ! -RRB- I certainly credit Pet-Safe for an outstanding product . DO N'T WAIT ... the dog should not suffer through fear , intimidation and constant scolding . He does n't know any better . But now you do !! Let him -LRB- or her -RRB- teach themselves not to bark !
 First I tried the citronella spray collar . The first day my dog was confused and he did not bark . By day two , he figured it out and it was no longer a deterent . By day three , I think he actually liked the spray.I was initially put off by the `` curelty factor '' of a shock collar , but something had to be done to curb his barking and calm my angry neighbor . I have to say , it works just as advertised . It does not administer a prolonged shock , but instead gives a quick ` sting ' followed by a pause that allowes the dog to learn to stop barking . After 3 days , he only needed the collar when left alone in the yard . Now , he almost never wears it at all . This is a very good and very effective training tool , and is in no way some kind of doggie torture device .
 I reviewed alot of no-bark collars and just from the reviews alone and the price it was a must have . We went from a barkin ' Bichon to a now quite and reserved Bichon . This collar has made a world of difference and is worth EVERY penny ! Great seller and an awesome product ! It really works and is not harmful to the dog . Buy the collar and the 2 extra batteries as a set for the best value online .
 Great product , have used previously , stops the problem very quickly within a couple of days , no harm to the dog
 This was our first Amazon purchase and we were thrilled with the price of the product and the speed in which it was shipped to us . We had already used the product before and it is very effective in stopping a barking Jack Russle . We would certainly purchase products using Amazon again .
 We received this bark collar about a month or two ago , and since we have started using it the excessive barking has subsided , when we let our schnauzer out now with or without the collar he is a lot more cautious about what he barks at . I would definitely recommend this product for excessive barking .
 We are extremely pleased with the performance of this bark collar . We have a German Shorthaired Pointer who is familiar with the performance of her invisible fence collar . She no longer needs to wear that collar because she is so good as to where her boundaries end ; however , in the evening when we enjoy sitting out on our deck she barks at the neighbors or anything to get our attention . The first night we placed the bark collar on her , it was heavenly . She seemed to calm down after a few times of her barking . It makes it so enjoyable and we absolutely love having her with us outside and she loves being with us . The product performed exactly as advertised .
 This works , it mitigated my dogs barking . Even if he wears a differant collar he still thinks it will shock him . I think they should start to market these for humans .
 I purchased this for my two mini doxies and the product works great . The collar is made to fit larger dogs as well so I had to trim off some of the fabric , however it was easy . It is very strong too , one of the doxies decided to chew on the others collar and it stood the test and still works to this day . Give it a few days to a week for the dog to learn and then you can take it off and only use it when they begin to bark again .
 We 're very happy with this collar . It works to stop the barking , every time . And my dogs do n't seem unduly distressed , either . It does n't seem to hurt them in any way . My neighbors are very happy that we made this purchase !
 I purchased this basic model and the deluxe model at the same time and this works better for my dogs . I would recommend saving a few bucks and just get this one . The adjustable correction on the deluxe model did n't seem to help in the training of my dogs . I 've used it on 6 dogs and they train faster with this basic model .
 I got an 8 month old pug and she was a barker ! She would bark at every knock and every sound ... even in the middle of the night . Nothng worked so I tried this and I fist tried it out on myself to make sure it wasnt horrible and it hurt but I sure didnt wan na bark again lol . So the first knock after she had it on , she was shocked then she barked out of shock to the shock and was shocked harder which mader her wimper but she stopped barking . It took about 2 days for her to whine instead of barking which I will gladly accept.Thank you to whoever invented this product !
 Product works as it should . Do n't get spooked by some peoples negative reviews . As with all things sometimes people use it properly and then there are the ones that do n't use it properly or ca n't figure it out . I read the instructions , inserted the battery/flipped it on , tested it by running it across my wood floor until I heard the beep . Even tried the collar against my skin where the shock at the lowest level is nothing but shock number 2 got my attention or it might have been number 3 . Did not continue to test it after the last shock that I took . In the defense of PetSafe collar it has to give a good buzz as many dogs are way tougher then humans . My bigger dog has bumped her head up against mine before where it pretty much almost knocked me out and she was not even fazed . My little weiner dog on the other hand I think is to small where I would not subject him to the higher levels of shock . He would need a smaller unit with less shocking ability as he is 11 or 12 lbs and his fur is so short that its almost like no fur at all . They make smaller units for these animals even though it could be made to fit around his neck and it states that smaller dogs can use this unit . As far at my bigger dog -LRB- border collie/lab/gray hound -RRB- I trimmed her short lab fur around the neck region with my beard trimmer as the uncut hair seemed to effect the units ability to deliver any kind of zap to control her barking . In short my sweet girl does not seem to be hurt by this unit and it does control her barking . As far as collar portion/nylon material it is what I would expect where if you have a super dog that does not want this unit on then he or she might be able to damage it or break the clasp but most dogs wo n't be able to accomplish this .
 At first I thought that it was inhumane to shock my dog when she barked . However , she is a Jack Russell and barks anytime a car drives by , nevermind when someone walks in the door or jogs by . I was forced to get this for her because the neighbors were complaining about her barking all day . It works surprisingly well , and I know understand that it is simply a training mechanism and does not hurt her . I 've had this collar for about three years and have only had to replace the battery once . She seems like a more well behaved dog in general . You 're only supposed to leave it on for a couple of hours each day . You do this everyday until they just get in the habit of not barking so much . Your dog will still bark sometimes . Sometimes my dog barks through the bark collar , but it 's not nearly as bad as it used to be . She only barks when she gets startled now and it does n't go on for so long . She 's much better behaved in this aspect . I recommend this product if your dog 's barking is problematic and obedience training does not work .
 This is a decent bark collar for the price . My dog is 60 pounds so she has to get shocked a few times before its starts affecting her ... but it definitely has reduced her barking SIGNIFICANTLY . She understands that when I pull the collar out she needs to stop barking ... so thats a plus !
 I would like to discredit the people saying that it only works on small dogs , I have a 55lb female blue nose am-staff and this collar works like a charm on her . The sensor must be secure tightly right where the jaw meets the neck . It needs to be tight enough that you can still get two fingers under the collar , but not tight enough to where the dog cant breathe . My dog has been using this for a few weeks , she loves when its on because she thinks its now a piece of her normal clothing . I call it her pretty red necklace and she does n't squirm or walk away when I 'm putting it on . In the short few weeks Ive had it shes has learned that if its on she should n't bark at other dogs . The problem now is when shes out of the collar - she still sits at the storm door and barks at other dogs walking past the house.The manual falls short of explaining the product . The product description says it has 6 progressive correction levels . It does n't clearly state that these settings are automatic , the collars correction `` shock '' is completely non-adjustable . It does let out a beep just prior to the shock so the dog can hear the audible warning . If the dog continues to bark the shock intensifies . After awhile the dog learns . Now when the first woof occurs she receives a mild correction and will typically walk away from the other dog she was fixated on . You 'd be surprised how quick they learn.Make sure the sensors are through your dogs coat and touching skin , dogs with a longer coat could create a muffled barrier between the prongs and the dogs vocal cords.NOTE - Another dog -LRB- s -RRB- barking will NOT set this collar off . Anyone that says that is doing something wrong because it activates based on vibration.Anytime I am about to put the collar on i rub the sensors on the counter or any rough surface to test its on . You will hear the beep , if you do n't hear a beep the battery is probably bad or not seated properly.The other part of the manual which I think is very poorly written is the part about the battery compartment . The battery door should be spun to the right-most arrow in order for the product to work . The manual says take the battery out when you first get it , completely unnecessary - just tighten the door.For a dog with a strong personality I would say this is a great learning aid . Any bigger dog or bully breed that sort of does what they want will benefit from this . My dog likes to bark at other dogs , shes been through multiple training courses and she has a prong collar . To me this is much more humane than her choking herself with the leash . You can not correct a dog once they are in flight mode - any dog behaviorist will tell you they go practically deaf and commands do n't work . This quick correction is much less harsh on the dog than any leash correction can provide.Also , the instructions say to remove the dogs tags from their collar or collar completely . I have a martingale collar made of nylon , once I take the tags off the collar is silent and I can have the bark collar on over the traditional collar so we can go on walks . The instructions say to remove all other collars , again not really true . The major concern is having anything else around the dogs neck that can jingle or vibrate to set off the bark collar -LRB- which is why the bark collar must be high and tight on the dogs neck - away from anything that will interfere with its operation.Hope this helps some folks .
 I have two Shih Tzu , three years old . The girl has separation anxieties and since we got them two and a half years go , she has started barking for attention relentlessly , beginning at about five o'clock every morning . This has meant that to keep the house quiet , I have had to get up at that time . A week ago , it was four o'clock , which was the last straw for me . Cute and loving as she is , I knew I had to do something . I found this collar and although I feared it was a little cruel , I felt I had no alternative . It arrived yesterday . i put it on her at night and crossed my fingers . For te first time since the dogs arrived , I woke naturally this morning at seven o'clock . She is fine , happy as ever , not traumatised . I advise you not to wait as long.as I did , but buy it now . PS My wife tends to nag a bit . Would it work on her ?
 I bought these collars for my dogs in the hope they would stop the barking . Being little dogs they LOVE to bark . Instant silence after the 1st shock . WOW . So worth it . A must for peace of mind .
 I bought 2 of these collars and they have really helped with the annoying barking . One dog has really slowed down ... even when it 's not on him . The other will push his limit but he is soooo much better then before , of course , that dog knows when the collar is off . What 's really good for me , I can let them out at 5AM and not worry about them barking and bothering neighbors.The only thing that I wish was different , is that you need to put them on fairly tight or the collar will shift to the side when they shake their head and of course , that 's where the sensor is ... needs to stay on the throat . I do n't know how they would work on a really long hair dog , you may have to shave their neck or maybe the collar would stay in place better . I have 2 miniture schnauzers .
 This works really well . I have a 1 year old sheltie who was starting to bark at any little noise she heard . I put this on for a few days and the behavior ceased . She did n't like the vibration and was so cute to watch her when she 'd start to bark and then she 'd jump in the air from the vibration . Works well !!
 This product works great but I wish you could rent one instead of purchasing it.In our case we only had to use it a few days.Our dog , a mini schnauzer , is very timid and the first few times it shocked her was a bit much.I called the toll free number that came with the paper work and had them send some small resistors , that easily attache , that reduce the shock . They are inexpensive and I think they should come with it to start with.I would highly recommend this product if you have a Barking Dog Problem .
 I hated to have to resort to this method , but I was about to give up on this dog due to its incessant barking . We rescued her several years ago , and love everything about her , except the constant high pitched barking . Nothing else worked , and at times , I thought I was losing my mind and vowed to get rid of her . I read all of the reviews on Amazon about this product and decided to give it a try . It only took a few times wearing the collar , and she learned not to bark . Now she quietly whines to go out or be let in , and if a week or more goes by and she starts to bark again , I put it on for a few minutes , and she quickly re-learns . I actually am falling in love with this dog , rather than just tolerating her . If you are in the same boat , try this collar !
 Anyone who has a beagle knows they get themselves into a yowling frenzy . I had been using a Super Shooter water pistol to stop her barking , but that got too labor-intensive for me as well as I did n't want to instill a fear of water in my beagle -LRB- I need to use a sprayer for her baths ! -RRB- . So got this . It 's worked beautifully . The first time she got zapped , it stopped her mid-bark , she looked startled , and kept looking around trying to see what hit her ! I kept it on her in the house during daylight for a while because she would see people walking down the street and start barking at the front window . I never leave her alone with it on . I 've had it 2 weeks now and it 's working great . I 'll probably use it another 2 weeks and then see how things go with it off . Obviously , you ca n't attach a leash to the collar . If I need to attach a leash or restraint rope , I put a harness on her .
 I own several types of correction and bark collars . Having 4 dogs increases the pack mentality and provides them with the excuse of `` he 's doing it '' to undermine past training . They simply like to bark when ever one of us comes home , someone comes over , or if they see a dog on the street.Simply put the collars work . The dogs are also aware when they are wearing the collars so its kind of a catch . They tend not to bark when wearing the collars , even with out the battery , but still bark when not wearing them . They would probably be more effective if left on longer , but someone else in the family keeps removing them ; -RRB- The collar material is braided nylon and of good quality . I do like the quick release . However this design is suited for one size dog at a time , meaning it is slow to adjust . I have another PetSafe Bark Collar that has a buckle and a quick release which makes it easy to adjust the size when moving to different dogs . However that design uses a plastic collar that extends the collar out to the sides of the bark device , making it appear to big for small dogs . The only other gripe I have about this PBC-102 collar is determing the battery life . Other collars blink when the battery is strong , no blink = dead battery . The PBC-102 does n't blink with a fresh battery , so you are not sure about the battery life . We just leave a quarter where we store the collars and simply remove the battery when not in use . I do like the battery design.So if you are looking for an inexpensive bark collar that will fit all sizes of dogs , and you do n't plan on moving it between different neck sizes , then this is a good functional device .
 Our barker stopped immediately after we put his collar on him , and continued to be quiet and docile for a while even after we removed it . We felt as though he had a complete personality change into a sweet lovable affectionate little guy from the annoying noisy nuisance he had been . Sometimes just showing him the collar quiets him down . We heartily endorse this humane way to control a bad habit .
 I have a beagle/basset hound mix , who as you can guess used to bark all the time . After only using product for a coupld of says there is a vast improvement . He does not even have to wear it all the time now . There is a lot more peace and quite at my house since I purchased this product . It saved my sanity .
 Awesome , 10 times better than I even hoped it would work . Was VERY hesitant about going this route , but with a crying new born and a 12 pound 8 month old malti-poo that was increasing his barking day by day to the point that it felt like armegeddom in my house we had to do something . No joke with-in an hour of putting it on him peace has reigned in the house . I like it because he still barks a little with it off , so he still can communicate , but with in on he simply gives a little muffled bark to ask for things . At first it scared him a little but nothing like my fears were telling me . Get it you will not be sorry .
 We have a dog that loves to bark ... at floating logs in our lake ... . at leaves blowing in the wind . We tried a regular shock collar to curb other behavior and it worked like a charm . Until , she figured out she could rub up against a tree to break it . We attemted to fix it and she took a plunge in the lake and fried it . This has survived the lake and the tree so far . We used it consistently for several weeks , then removed it when we were hiking so she could warn us of anything and also to chase away the deer and wild game . We add it ever so often when she is in the yard and just barking at the neighbors . I 'm very pleased and love this product !! I hope it works well w / your little yapper too : -RRB-
 This is a great effective collar with no dangers to my dog . It is my second one . My first one lasted 5 years .
 I was hesitant to try this . But I have 5 small dogs and as most people know , they LOVE to bark at the wind and the air ! The adjustable collar is fantastic , just do NOT cut it too short before trying it on all your dogs . ANyway , I followed the instructions perfectly and it works on all of the little fellows . Great Product and shipped fast .
 all the other shock collars i got did n't work and left soars on my dogs neck this one does n't hurt my dog at all and is very effective
 I 'm tempted to use words like `` miraculous '' and `` amazing . '' Ok , maybe I will , but this thing solved a seriously annoying habit on the first try . Our 2 year Corgi would go absolutely bonkers whenever anyone was in the pool . Having 2 kids , with friends , there were times of prolonged , high energy pool activity and our dog would bark anxiously the whole time . I 'm pretty sure he thinks people are in trouble and he wants to help . But it was getting worse . We 'd have to tie him up in the garage , but even if he heard water splashing he 'd bark endlessly . I put this collar on him and after the first few barks , he appears `` cured . '' Yes , it was a little disturbing the first couple of zaps , because he did n't know what was happening and he thought something was attacking him . But after that , he did n't react as much , but he gets the point and stops . I do n't even put it on him unless he really gets going because he seems to simply have changed behavior . He still gets concerned and whines and yelps occasionally , but , so far , he restrains himself and remains manageable around the pool . I think he does understand what the collar is and if I show it to him , he knows to stay quiet.The only thing I want to mention is I suspect the collar detects full on , `` throaty '' barking better than the yelping type our dog makes around the pool . It seems to take a few barks before it works and judging by his reaction it almost seems like it has a delayed effect . Still , it works and we are glad for it . By the way , I felt it on my leg and it feels like a good static electricity zap . I really do n't think our dog feels any pain from it .
 We already had another of these collars.We have two dogs . A 25lb 12 yr old male and a 4 yr old 35lb female . She BARKS when bored.Our neighbor is a night nurse and come home at 8am to sleep , so ` bored barking ' is just NOT COOL.We put this on the dog , and she stops barking . She is not happy with it , but it works . We though about the ` tone models ' but she is just not real smart and would keep barking through those.We got a cheap ` shoick collar ' off of ebay for the male and it did n't even slow him down . So we got this new one for her and a newer/smaller collar for the older unit for him.The nice thing about this unit is the way it will reset after 6 or so barks . So it will not ` keep shocking them ' if there is a threat and they ` need to bark ' . But it stops the ` bored barking ' quite well.We have a baby coming in November and will have to use these , or a sonic indoor unit , to keep them from waking the baby every time someone opens the door.If you are looking for one of these collars , I can not recommend anything better , especially at this price .
 I have 2 Scottish terriers that go insane at the slightest movement . This has made our lives much more enjoyable and relaxing with our dogs . They can sit outside with us and now watch other dogs and kids walk by without going nuts . True lifesaver . No issues ! I 've `` shocked '' myself by accident , not a big deal . The vibration gives them a reminder to keep from going crazy . We started with 1 to test and now have 2 . One/dog . This is the first review I 've taken the time to write - its that good !
 I put up with my dog 's barking for 2 yrs because he only weighs 5 lbs and the smallest bark collar says it 's for 8 lbs or larger dogs -LRB- they can put a man on the moon but they ca n't make a bark collar for a tiny dog ? -RRB- . Finally he drove me to buy the PetSafe PBC-302 , which is for dogs 8 lbs and over . I was desperate . I followed the directions and fit the collar on him and our life , his life and our neighbors ' lives have changed - all for the better ! He can now be left at home w/patio door ajar so he can go in and out when we 're not here rather than being crated . As long as he has it on , there is no barking whatsoever . I do n't have him wear it more than 4 or 5 hours a day , because I do n't care if he barks in the house and I do think it might be a little heavy for him , altho he shows no signs that it is . He runs , jumps on furniture and has no problem lying down with it on . I 've only had it a few weeks - very happy weeks - so I do n't know about the breaking problem that other reviewers have referred to .
 Heavenly !!! Best bark control on the market . Safe & Effective without being harsh . I leave for work at 4:00 AM every day . My Yorkie/Shih Tzu mix and my Mini Schnauzer dash out the doggie door after me and scream , bark and carry on because I have to leave . My neighbors have been very patient . Both my little dogs are now wearing this collar , and it has stopped that bad behavior.They also both have the PetSafe Electronic Training Collars , which are extremely effective when going for walks and training in general . I do n't need to use the `` zap '' button anymore , just the `` tone '' button and they fly back to me as if they are on a bungee cord ! LOL.Thanks PetSafe .
 my dog Buddy is a special dog ... he is a 10yr old 25 pound Poodle/Jack Russell with alot of Daddy issues ... he likes to be with me all the time but because he forgets that he cant pee inside the house & he doesnt tell me that he has to go therefore he isnt allowed to sleep inside my bedroom ... so he is exiled in a very comfy laundry room w/a doggy door that he can use to go outside & take care of his business in the back yardThe problem is he will howl & cry & bark when is in the laundry room because he doesnt want to be in there & wants to sleep in his basket in my room . He has driven my wife crazy because she is a light sleeper -LRB- I dont hear him barking because Im a heavy sleeper -RRB- & we have a baby on the way so this became a very real problem ... when I ordered this I was a little unsure but after testing it on my teenage son & watching him writhe on the floor in pain it looked like it might do the trick ... this collar really works ... the first night was the hardest night ... Buddy started to do his usual barking routine & I heard the collar arm & zap him ... Ol Buddy didnt know what hit him & ran thru the doggy door & into the backyard barking & yelping getting zapped ... his cries made our Yorkie who is a good girl howl because she heard her big brother in pain ... it was the saddest thing I ever saw/heard ... my wife wanted to take the collar off because he was still yelping but I knew he would finally figure it out ... after a few minutes he calmed down & went to sleepits been 3 nights w/out any barking ... he has figured out that this collar means barking is badthe best $ 40 Ive ever spent !
 Solid reviews and the product worked well for us . We have small dachshund that loved to run up and down the yard and bark . A couple of `` attention getting zaps '' from the collar has curbed that within a day . He knows whenever it is on he ca n't bark , very simple .
 This is an outstanding product . It was not harmful at all to my little dog and after putting it on , he only barked twice . If you 've got a chronic barker -LRB- and I did -RRB- , this is the product for you . Ships really fast and comes ready to use .
 I have a very yappy Bichon . ONE ZAP and this dog stopped barking . He has n't made a peep for 3 days . That said , DO NOT leave your dog unattended with this collar on ... at least until you know how they react . If the dog continues to bark it will continue to zap . This is not intended to be used as a torture device . It 's a training tool , and it 's not going to work on every animal . If the dog is not responding , remove the collar . Also , there 's literature in the package that says not to leave the collar on for extended periods of time to reduce the risk of irritation.Disclaimers aside , this is wonderful . It 's really made being in the same room with this pup more enjoyable .
 PetSafe No-Bark Collar , PBC-102I purchased this collar through www.Amazon.com . This no-bark collar works great and its easy to put on your dog . Just make sure the light faces up and that the collar is snug against the dogs ' voice box and that 's it . He barks and gets a voltage and you see the red bulb light up so you know it 's working . My dog got used to it quickly and stopped barking . Now we can sleep at night . It also works well for when we get visitors . The price was great too .
 After buying and returning a PetSafe No-Bark Collar from pet-smart , and a gentle spray citronella collar that only worked until the dog got used to it I found this collar . My five year old lab stopped her barking right away with the SportDOG Rechargeable NoBark 10R Bark Control Collar . After two months I have not received a single complaint about the barking .
 This is my second no Bark Collar I use while camping with my German Shepherds . I removed from this small collar and installed on a larger 1 '' collar . Works Great , and easy to move from factory collar to new collar which is allot larger .
 We had previously used a shock collar on our 3 small dogs . One of our dogs would bark through the shock which resulted in nasty open wounds . It is simply not humane . This collar has worked wonders on our largest dog -LRB- 12 lbs -RRB- and on the smaller one also.It 's a little hard to adjust but I do recommend this bark collarhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002C7FHC/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I have 2 boxers a male and a female . They bark at anyone and everyone . We have become the annoying neighbors with the dogs that do n't shut up . After using these for 2 days , only 2 days , they have cut back on barking drastically . As of right now I am very impressed with this collar . Also make sure you follow the instructions that come with it . They are very important for your dogs well being .
 This is the second bark collar i have used of this model . The first one just wore out and was not built as good as this one ! This will stop barking quick .
 After we purchased this , we actually switch it around for 4 different dogs . The younger dogs , both under 1 , responded amazingly . The 2 older dogs do well when they have it on but sure know when it is off . All in all , this was a great purchase and am considering getting another one .
 We 've owned this collar for 15 months now and it continues to work very well . It 's brought a lot of peace and quiet to the neighborhood . Our dog is clever enough to figure out when the battery charge runs low though!Our dog does a lot of running through wet brush and muddy areas and this collar still functions well so it appears to be a good design .
 Honestly I hated the idea of using this and over 2 years we tried everything to get our female black lab to stop barking and freaking out over everything ! If we left the house she would bark like crazy when we left and came back even if we were gone for 30 seconds -LRB- forgot something and had to turn around . we tried leaving her in the house unsupervised , tried crate training -LRB- 2 heavy duty crates with padlocks later -RRB- tried leaving her in the backyard , even with our other dog , she would still freak out . Long walks even a couple mile runs , hikes and swimming did NOTHING to calm her down.At first she obviously freaked out and there were a couple times were she would bark constantly and get shocked but it does shut off when that happens . We dont even really use it anymore and it 's been about a month or so and she can stay in the yard perfectly fine does n't bark or whine or try to get out . She sits under a tree and plays with her bone or ball which would never have happened before . She 's way more calm when people she knows come over she still barks but only once maybe twice for new people AT the door not just walking by , which is exactly what we wanted.We did however need the extra batteries but have n't even gone thru all of them yet . All in all I would definitly use this again instead of spending hundreds of dollars on crates , crazy toys and meds , none of which worked .
 I had tried these out before when I borrowed on from a friend and had good luck silencing my dogs . I went and bought 2 of them at this price during the holiday specials . I am very glad so far it does quiet the dogs down and they know when they are wearing them . Once they get more adjusted I will try to just used the collar without the battery .
 They work great ! ~ PetSafe No-Bark Collar , PBC-102 ... this one or the walmart ones work great ! at times you just have to use these and they do n't hurt your dog . But I would not have it on my dog all the time ! ~
 I was n't sure if this would work at first , especially since it mentions small dogs . We have a German Shepherd who has taken to barking for no apparent reason . This collar works great ! It beeps before it gives him a little buzz so he has an opportunity to correct himself.Collar works very well , I highly recommend !
 My dog -LRB- mixed beagle -RRB- is a barker and it got to the point where the neighbors started to complain . I did my research and chose this collar after seeing all the high reviews on amazon . It was a great choice ! I started off putting it on my dog every time she went outside . She got shocked a few times and that was enough . I now only put it on her when it 's nighttime or I leave the house , since she has a dog door and can go outside whenever she pleases . It has really worked for us without having to go to the extreme to get her to stop barking.My only concern is that it wo n't shock her if she does just a little low bark . However , that could be due to the fact that I did not tighten it quite as tight as the manufacturer recommends . That 's not really a problem for me , but I could see it being a problem for others . I still give it 5 stars because if she tries to bark loudly , it zaps her right away . I definitely recommend this collar .
 This worked much better than expected . The only problem I have encountered is that my 6 month old Lab has almost outgrown the collar and I do not believe I can extend it or get another size .
 On Thanksgiving day was the first time I went out on three weeks and my mini poodle did n't bark ... I adopted my mini poodle from the shelter . He is a great dog in every way . . But except when Ieft we would bark his head off and I just could n't have it because I live in apartment building . . But so farThe product has been great !!!!
 The product is as it says . I keep an eye on it to make sure it doesnt go off without reason though , it would be quite uncomfortable for the pups , but it is sometimes needed in neighborhoods .
 Very effective to stop barking without damage to dog . I left the collar where he could get it to chew on and he chewed up the collar connection / I need to contact the company for a replacement collar only . No damage to the no bark part of it .
 I 've always been worried about buying one of these . If it would work , how well it would work and if it would shock him unnecessarily . It works great every time and does n't shock him unless he is barking .
 When this first arrived it did not work at all so we replaced the battery -LRB- found one at Battery store -RRB- before it would work . Now I can see when it actually works by the reaction it gets from our squirrel-obsessed dog . I dont get the feeling that it zaps reliably every time but I can tell that it has definitely curbed our dog 's annoying barking behaviors -LRB- why it got 4 stars because that is the point of the collar right ?? -RRB- . I woud recommend it since we have tried everything else and this is all that would work !
 Our dog is an 8 yr old Bouvier female that went with us , of course , when we moved into elderly housing . The transition was somewhat difficult for her since it was a move from a large home with walled back yard to an apartment with a 20 ft coveredpatio and fenced in . Her barking bothered neighbors when we left for any period of time and the outdoor barking also interrupted an afternoon Veterans Day meeting . When used , it appears to be working because when we arrive home , shegreets us with a little whimper and is very happy to have the collar off . She is also smart enough to stop barking before theshock goes too far up the scale ...
 My dog was already trained with a collar I had control over the beep and shock so when that wore out I needed a new solution . This was perfect since it emits a beep before a shock . Since she is already trained a beep after a bark silences her and brings her to me . Does not work for all dogs . My bigger dog is not even phased by a beep/shock solution . Er on a side of caution with these things , definitely not for all dogs .
 ` PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar ' worked so well for my dog ! I have a dachshund appropriately named Boomer and his bark is peircing to the ears and he would bark at everything . Finally after 4 and 1/2 years of listening to him bark histerically at every sound I broke down and bought this bark collar . I was skeptical at first because we had tried one of those high-pitched sound emitters and it trained me more than it trained my dog . I also did n't want the collar to harm my dog , but I found that all I had to do was put the collar on him once and the first time he barked it shocked him and he immediately stopped . Now I do n't even need to put the battery in the collar . Just putting it on him makes him stop barking and sometimes I simply just have to show Boomer the collar and he 'll stop . I definitely recommend this product for anyone who has a dog that wo n't stop barking .
 This product has made it so I can keep my dogs and not disturb my neighbors . I do n't know why I did n't do it before . Sure , I could train the dogs not to bark when I 'm home but it took the ` collar ' to handle the issue while I was away from home ... and in a way that the dogs do n't associate w/me . I use the collar on two of my three dogs and just switch it between them both every couple of days . See , the collar is not required to be worn 24/7 because the dogs remember for a day or more to NOT bark . I 've also found that when the main culprit is not barking that it is likely the others will not bark either ... got ta love it !!!!
 I followed the instructions to quickly get this set up properly . It was slightly difficult turning the battery unit , but once that was in place , I adjusted it for my dog 's neck . A few minutes later , he barked at noise outside . This typically continues for at least five minutes , but after the first bark , I heard the beep of the collar and saw him look around as if something had bothered him . He stopped barking immediately . Great product !
 I have 4 maltese babies that bark incessantly and drive the neighbors crazy . One male continually attacks my shih-Tzu trying to mark his territory . I was quite hesitant about &#34; shocking &#34; my babies , but it only took about 2 small shocks each for them to realize they had to change their behavior . Now I only have to put the collars on them when they go outside and everyone is totally quiet ... the household is tolerable again . I also put them on at night , so I no longer get a 5 am wake up call of shrill barking . The babies know they have to put them on at certain times and now come willingly to be collared . BTW , they do n't know it , but I have removed the batteries so they wo n't be shocked . They just know the weight of the collar in on their necks , so they are not allowed to bark . I wished I had these collars a few years ago ! Life is perfect now !
 This was such a great buy ! I , like many others , search all of the reviews on many other products . Ultimately , I decided on this one because of the positive feedback . I could not be happier ! I have a smaller dog , so I was worried about this product hurting him or causing him to be scared of having a collar on , but no such thing happened ! The first few times he had it on , he was a bit confused , but now I have a quiet household ! This product literally helps me sleep at night ! My dog still half barks and growls during playtime , but it 's much less of the high-pitched yipping that goes right through my ears . I HIGHLY recommend this product !!
 Works perfectly . My dog no longer barks when she is left alone . Took awhile to train her that she 's ok after it shocks though . She would panic and bark even more out of fear
 I bought this for my MinPin because she is not exactly hospitable when it comes to strangers . I only got it for her because my relatives were coming into town , and did not want her barking 24/7 when they stayed at my house . It defintely works !
 I have a female German Shepherd who was abused and starved for 4 + years . She had no separation anxiety issues while she was at my mothers home with her shepherd , but as soon as I brought her over to my condo and she was alone , she freeked out . She barked constantly , and crushed my doorknobs , etc. . I had no idea what to do . I tried everything-DHP the hormone spray , the kong treat puzzles , thunder shirts , training her , I even borrowed my friends baby monitor to try and train her to be quite when I left . My neighbors are NOT very tollerant people . After spending almost $ 2,000 with behaviorists , and doggie daycare , this was my last option . I ordered it one night and waited desperately for it to arrive . At first she still tried to whine while it was on , but after a couple days , she now knows that once I put the collar on , time to be quite and go in her crate . yes , I finally got her crate trained after she broke 4 of them . I am giving so much detail because if you have ever had a dog with separation anxiety , you know how desperate a person becomes . I hope that if someone reads this who is trying to save the life of their pet , and is desperate , you know that there is hope . I wish I had spent the money on this instead of all the hormone sprays and the behavioral specalists . Would have saved me alot of money , anxiety and tears . This thing works !
 Stopped my dog from barking within 2 days ... at first I was reluctant to get the shock collar ... but it 's better than getting complaints about his barking ...
 This has literally saved our home . We are on the verge of being evicted because our dog barked all the time . A full week of wearing this and our beagle ceased to bark at anything other than the door bell . Love this !!
 Great product . At first it dint worked and we found out that it was too loose . I have a very little dog , so we tight up the collar , and now she does n't bark when she is using it .
 I bought this collar after buying a different collar from a company called Good Life . The other company 's collar was supposed to use sound to to silence a dog without shocking the dog . I tried the other collar and it just did n't do the trick . It was also cheaply made . This collar seems well built and it 's simple to use . I saw the first time our dog got shocked with this collar , but she stopped barking and we do n't have anymore problems . This product did exactly what I was hoping and I am pretty sure I do n't even need it now . It is not inhumane to use a shock collar if it is used correctly . It can curb poor behavior early and make life with your dog more enjoyable .
 Our dog has been keeping us up barking every other night . We tried one of the doo-dads that makes ultra sonic noise - did not work . I received this collar , fit it for our dog , and when he started barking at my son outside the fence , it tingled him twice - that 's all it took . He knows when he is wearing it that he should not bark . Great item !
 I have two beagles . Every night I 'd lock them in around 9pm and let them out around 11pm to do their business . They would bay for several minutes on most nights then come in for the night , but then the baying got worse . As beagles are want to do , one of them began refusing to come in , even when lured with food and would howl for as much as a half hour nonstop.The neighbors began complaining and threatening to call animal control so I turned to the PeSafe collar . After sizing them for the dogs I strapped them on and put them outside . I do n't know if they growled and triggered the collars or what , but they did n't make a single audible noise on the first use and came in after 10 minutes . I 've now been using the collars for over a week and last night was the first time they fully tested the collars . The first beagle barked twice and then came in the dog door looking like she felt guilty of something . The second one stayed outside and soon barked twice and she too came right to the door and came in with her tail down . I put them out two more times and they did n't make a sound.If you have a similar problem I highly recommend this product . I simply could not be happier with the collars and they not only work well , but they work far more quickly than I imagined possible .
 Our little dog , Lucy , feels the need to greet anything or anyone in our neighborhood enthusiastically and at full volume at every opportunity . She 's a smart little thing with a mind of her own . We 've tried 2 other bark collars to curtail her `` conversations '' with little success . This PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar worked right away . She seemed quite surprised at the sound it made and with her second bark realized the connection between her bark and the tingle at her throat . She did n't seem to be hurt at all - merely startled . Over the next few days we alternated the bark collar with her `` fence '' collar and she does n't know the difference . She stays in the yard and does n't annoy passers-by -LRB- or us -RRB- with her incessant barking . She will still bark when she feels the need - but only once or twice . I highly recommend this collar !
 My Cairn Terrier 's barking was getting out of control . It was getting to the point where he would bark incessantly at seemingly nothing . No amount of verbal or physical admonishment was enough to quiet him down.We got him this collar and within 2 days he has almost completely stopped barking . We took the collar off of him after those two days and only put it on him about once a week when he feels brave enough to bark at kids playing outside , etc.My only complaint about the collar is that when my dog shakes his head it will occasionally let out the warning beep , which makes poor Calvin afraid to shake his head . This has n't been a problem though , since he only wears the collar approximately 5 minutes a week .
 I bought this two years ago when my dog was getting too annoying with senseless steady barking . Within a couple of days , barking was greatly reduced . The dog seems to easily learn that the bark causes the pain , and so curtail his barking . He wore it for about a week.The great thing is , we stopped using it after a week , and the barking still was kept in check , just by new habit.Well , now two years later , he 's back at it , so I put it on a few days ago , and sure enough , it has worked again.Now , if only I could get the jerks from two doors down to put one on their dog -LRB- the dog that sets my dog off -RRB- . I asked them to , but they refused to do anything about it . Aargh.I give the product 5 stars for absolutely working for me and my pooch .
 I have a 2 year old Black Lab Collie Mix and overall he is a great dog . His one flaw is he would bark at everything . Anyone walking down the sidewalk , anyone pulling up in the driveway , the kids in the neighboring back yards . If there was someone outside that he could see or hear , he would bark . I tried training him not to do this with treats , and praise and even classes . He would get better for a little while , but then go right back to barking . I did n't know what to do with him.Eventually I looked into the No-Bark collars . At first I thought this was too mean and I do n't want to hurt my dog . After almost a year of barking though , I decided to give it a try . Before using it on Xandir , my dog , I tried it on myself . This product has incremental shocks where if the dog barks it will shock them , then if the dog barks again within 5 seconds or so , it will shock again , but harder . It will continue to increase if the dog continues to bark . So , what I did was rubbed it against my arm to feel the shock . The first one is nothing at all , the second one sure gets your attention and the third one made me take if off my arm . I did n't try it past then so I 'm not sure what the other levels feel like . I figured Xandir would stop barking after the first if not second level so I decided to give it a try on him.YOU MUST WATCH YOUR DOG THE FIRST FEW TIMES YOU HAVE THIS ON THEM ! For Xandir , the first shock just made him stop and the second shock made him whine a bit . I can see where other reviews said that when the dog crys it could shock them again thinking it was a bark . It did n't do this to Xandir , but you must watch your dog to make sure this does n't happen or you could have a very tramatized dog.After about 3 different instances of barking , Xandir quickly learned he would be shocked if he barked . The really cool thing about this collar is that it works off vibration and only registered louder barks . Xandir can still do `` inside '' bark as we call it , and not get shocked . This is good for him and for us . He still gets the satisfaction of barking and letting us know someone is outside but it is quiet not to annoy anyone and we still hear it so we are aware someone is outside.Overall this is a great product . I 've owned it for over 6 months and the battery is still good . We only use it when Xandir starts to bark again as he is much better now then he used to be . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a barking dog remedy , but remember to mointor your dog when beginning to use the product !
 works as advertised.turned a dog who barked at almost any living thing into one who stopped barking after 1 or 2 mild shocks .
 I bought this collar for my two dogs who love to bark at other dogs , kids playing , or pretty much any noise they hear in the back yard . They are small -LRB- around 8-10 lbs -RRB- so I also purchased the shock `` resistors '' to reduce the strength of the shock . I felt bad when I first put them on , but all it took was one correction for them to understand . Now they are bark free and only wear the collars every once in a while . Thank goodness we found something that REALLY works !!
 We have a 2 year old lab who we recently adopted . She has very few manners ! She was barking at anything in the house and outside . She 'd also bark just to get attention . We have an invisible fence and were nervous to add another collar system as we thought it might confuse her . She has done VERY well with the collar and most barking has disappeared . It does make her a little nervous sometimes , but for the most part , there has been no negative change in her behaviors or affect . We highly recommend it ! Much better than me scolding her all the time !
 It worked really great on my boston terrier pup . A slight zap the first time and a little more the second time that got her attention . after that all i would have to say was no bark , and she connected the meaning . It works as advertised .
 this item works very well , we have been using this item for several weeks and our dog is barking less
 This is great ! I would recommend this to everyone ! It 's wonderful to have the mailman deliver in peace and quiet . Just hope it last ...
 Worked within the 1st day of getting collar . My Doberman likes to be let out in the yard and immediately run to the fence barking at nothing . He 's been scaring the heck out of local pedestrians and my wife had become very worried someone would call the police due to excessive barking . We put the collar on and let him run out for his usual bark-fest and after one initial bark the collar kicked in and he immediately jumped in surprise and came back to the door scared . He did a one bark routine for a few days and figured it out pretty quick that he ca n't do that anymore without getting the correction from the collar . On only one occasion -LRB- after about a month of use -RRB- has he barked through the 1st correction but he quickly stopped after a few barks . He is smart enough to know now that he can only growl and ca n't get loud .
 This was a good buy . I was so afraid to hurt my beagle but the collar did just what it said . It gradually vibrated as a warning before buzzing him . He used to be very aggressive at the park and would chase the big dogs while yelping the whole time . Now he plays nice with everyone andour comes when called . A very good investment . It 's been a few weeks and the batteries are still good . It has n't gone off in a while cause the barking has almost ceased . Would never have thought I would rec this to someone but it worked very well as part of training . Wish I would have considered it sooner .
 Well , I can not believe it myself ! I finally found a product that stopped our Cairn Terrier -LRB- Terror -RRB- from constantly barking as soon as he is let out into the back yard . We live in a small neighborhood and his constant barking was just driving us and our neighbors insane !! Well we purchased this No-Bark collar and it worked from day 1 . We were skeptical , but we figured let 's just give it a try . We definitely did not want to harm our dog in any way and this was the perfect solution . It makes a quiet buzzing sound and just a little tingly feeling ... -LRB- of course we tryed it out on ourselves first ! -RRB- I would recommend this product to anyone . Thank you ! The Rich 's from Virginia .
 Effective product , but not happy shocking our dog . Made her cry and be afraid . Looking into other means of controlling the barking . Arrived timely and in excellent condition .
 TRIED ALL THE TRAINING TIPS AND MY WESTIE STILL WOULD BARK AT THE SLIGHTEST THING.HE LEARNED QUICKLY AND LIFE IS GOOD NOW . IT ALLOWS FOR A BARK OR TWO BUT DISCOURAGES EXCESSIVE BARKING AND SEEMS TO HAVE CHANGED HIS ATTITUDE TOWARDS BARKING IN GENERAL . BEST $ 40 I EVER SPENT !
 I love my two Weimaraners as much as my husband -LRB- lol -RRB- , and I would neer subject them to any harm . We live in a rowhouse in the middle of the city and they would bark incessantly - especially everytime my husband and I left the house . We did n't know about the extent of this until neighbors started leaving us notes under our door . We had to do something , and so far this has been effective ! We bought just one months ago to test it out , and it was been working great , so I just ordered a second . Our dogs have figured out what the collar does , so they do n't even try to bark when they are wearing it . Even when they did , they only ever looked confused and startled , not injured or in pain . Two paws up !
 After spending hundreds of $ $ $ s this is IT !! WIthin minutes our adorable Rottweiler stopped barking . She only occasionally barks but for good reason and only 1 or 2 barks . No more constant barking and she seems happier and a loving pet again . Thanks so much !
 I went to a locally owned pet store as well as PetCo and this product was $ 99.00 !!! It has really improved my dog 's barking , and we do n't have to keep it on her at all times . We have had it for a few weeks , and so far , so good . Very satisfied !
 This product worked wonderfully for the first evening my beagle mix wore it . Within three barks he learned what was expected of him . Unfortunately within one day the battery died and he learned he could bark again without any correction . I just ordered replacement batteries , but after reading the reviews I do not have much confidence in PetSafe 's quality control .
 I like my dogs to tell me when something is going on around my property . I do not like for them to keep me up all hours of the night barking at nothing . I have 4 dogs and only one of them will tend to bark at mostly nothing.If all dogs bark I get up to see what they are barking about . The bark collar limits the barking on the one that makes too much noise . All dogs know that I praise them for telling me there is a problem . I spend much less time having to correct the ONE that wants to over do barking .
 This collar was less than half what Petco charges for same collar I had purchased for my other dog a year ago . It does give a strong static but humane shock which dogs will learn quickly from . Only negative is that it must be worn tight as otherwise it moves too easily around dogs neck and then will not work .
 I live in a townhouse and have had complaints on my boxer barking . It is when I am not home so I did some research into training . Most tips were helpful if your dog barks with you present . He is extremely hard headed -LRB- as most bully breeds are -RRB- . I was unsure how well this would work , because he already has a hard time breathing due to Brachycephalic -LRB- short-nosed dog -RRB- . I knew I did want a spray that could cause problems with his respiratory system . I ordered this product through petedge and paid twice as much , so I not only recommend this product but recomend buying it through here . I put this color on my boxer and he barked once learned not to bark and has not barked since -LRB- as long as he is wearing the colar -RRB- . I have only had it a week but I love it !!!! With all this being said I think it is important that a dog stays a dog so I take all mine to the dog park and let them play and bark all they want to : -RRB-
 This product is certainly worth the money . My wife and I purchased one of those birdhouse looking things that gives off the sound when your dog barks and that did nothing . We spent 63 bucks on that and quickly returned it to get our money back . I bought this collar for my min-pin and he has n't barked but once since we put it on him . The first time he barked he jumped and then whined for a few seconds and that was the last of it . I was slightly concerned about using something like this and traumatizing the little guy , but it has worked out wonderfully . It startles the dog , does n't hurt them and it has been well woth the 37 dollars that we spent for it .
 I had previously tried a citronella spray collar and an ultrasonic collar , and while I spent a lot on both -LRB- especially for the refill cans of citronella -RRB- , they did not deliver very good results with my dog . This collar has significantly reduced his barking ; even without wearing the collar , he now barks extremely infrequently . Before the collar , his barking was out of control.Dangers
 I received the bark collar in the mail last night and it is already working ! My 12 pound schnauzer/chihauhua/rat terrier/everything but the kitchen sink mix is n't horrible when it comes to barking , but is without a doubt , in need of breaking a few bad bark habits . 1 . Barking at cars 2 . Barking at strange men -LRB- or any men for that matter -RRB- I put the collar on and a few minutes later when a car came by , instead of her usual -LRB- running after the car in a mad frenzy , barking the whole way -RRB- she let out two short yelps , and then sat down . This morning when she passed my grandfather -LRB- whom she normally barks at endlessly -RRB- she let out a squeak , then turned around and headed back for the house . This thing is obviously doing it 's job and hopefully , once she realizes that the shock comes after the bark , she will be bad-habit free ! I was a little worried when I ordered the collar that it would n't fit because my dog is very small and thin , but it was very easy to adjust and I just had to cut off the excess fabric , it truly is one size fits all !
 I bought this collar for my 43 pound hound mix . He had some issues with barking as soon as I walked out the door . For the first few days of using this collar , I sat outside the door or window of my apartment and listened . The first day he barked about three times and was then pretty silent . I still hear him whining occasionally while he 's wearing it but I do n't think it shocks him for that , as I never hear him yelp or hear the warning beep . I 've had no complaints from neighbors that he 's barking while I 'm gone so I believe the collar is working well.The only problem I 've had is no matter how tight I put it on him -LRB- not tight enough to gag him or make him uncomfortable though -RRB- , I sometimes come home to the collar sliding around to the side of his neck . I think maybe it is caused by his fur type?Overall , this collar was definitely worth my money .
 I bought this with really high hopes , but so far it only works every so often . I put it on myself and it worked , well my hand that is . I think I need to shave my dogs neck and try again . Will update when I figure it out .
 The collar works great on my two labs , although i should not have been cheap and bought two of them . The biggest problem that I have seen is the collar scares the living daylights out of my dogs , and it kind of broke their spirits . It was sad , but it works ! When the collar is on , they dont bark . The battery has not worn out yet , as it only took a shock or two to get them to stop !
 I needed something to keep our dogs from barking at everything that moves.And this product did exactly that.They work well .
 Used on the dogs and they do work . I used it only for a couple of weeks and after that they did not need it anymore .
 I bought this for a new dog that was 8 yrs old . The dog is a border collie that is very high strung . I could n't keep him in the back yard with my aussie dog without him barking . I worried about neighbors complaining and there is a barking ordinance for only 15-20 minutes in the city I live in . I can take him in the car and not worry about him going crazy with barking . I tried this collar and found him making a more panting sound instead of barking sound . We love it ! He learned very quickly . I did n't want him to get shocked from another dog barking . The vibration feature is great , it works only if it senses he is barking , not another dog . I only wish the button was easier to use for turning the collar unit off .
 I would wake to my dog barking In the middle of the night . Bought this and his barking stopped . Best purchase
 went from two yappy dogs to blissful quiet in a matter of minutes ! Recomend this for anyone with yappy dog problems
 I have a dog who is too smart for my own good . But this is the one bit of training that has stuck with her . I used it for two weeks straight and now she rarely barks . Should she become riled up , I merely present her with the collar and she calms down immediately . People have said its cruel , but for the peace it brings me and my neighbors , it 's worth it .
 I have a large , hound cross breed who loves to howl at anything and everything . Unfortunately , his `` singing '' did n't impress me or the neighbors , so I decided to try the bark collar . It worked like a dream ! Right after I put it on the dog he started to `` sing '' then abruptly stopped and he has n't had a prolonged `` performance '' since . Once in a while he forgets but is promptly reminded by the collar . The amazing thing is that he is apparently not bothered by it . Finally , we have peace and quiet !
 I placed the collar on my springer spaniel one evening . He barked 2x and then all was quiet for the next week . This is after weeks of constant , almost non-stop barking at night . After a week of blissful silence , he started barking again . I placed the collar on again and all was quiet once more . I have n't had to use the collar since !! That was over a month ago .
 I really like the product . It helped my dog stop barking . It was a little painful to see it work the first time , but after that it worked wonders .
 My first bit of advice
 I have two dogs and they stay in my finished basement at night to sleep . The reason I bought this collar is because my Lab recently started barking around 6:00 AM -LRB- The usual time I wake up for work -RRB- . The problem was she barked on the weekends when I was n't working and wanted to sleep in . So , I buy this collar figuring that I will put in on her before I go to bed at night and she will find out when she starts barking in the morning . Well 6:00 AM rolls around and I hear a single bark ... then another ... then one more ... then nothing . It was amazing , it worked . This went on for a couple of days and I could n't believe the results . No more barking in the morning.But wait ... it came at a cost . This just started recently
 I hated buying this collar for my dog , but when the vet suggested `` debarking '' my dog I had to try it . I have an 11lb dachshund who DOES NOT like being left alone . The one thing I will warn you about is
 This collar came exactly as described and worked wonders ! We have four dogs and two are barkers . When outside they bark constantly at the dogs in the neighboring yards . I tried other methods to get them to stop barking before resorting to a collar , but nothing worked on a permanent basis . After a few `` wears '' they both learned ! Now all I have to do is put the collar on them and they know not to bark . They both come willingly when they see that I 'm going to put the collar on , so that is reassuring . I appreciate that the collar works incrementally , increasing in strength only if the dog continues to bark . I would highly recommend this collar .
 I received a warning from the police because an anonymous neighbor complained about my Beagle barking . I bought this collar and could not be happier . The first time we put it on and the dog barked , she got the low intensity zap which made her yelp and bark again . Then she got zapped a little harder and that was the end of her barking.We only put the collar on her when we are away from home at night . When we are home we try to control her barking with verbal warnings . During the day she still barks some but not so bad that I 'm getting anymore complaints . When she has the collar on , the barking ceases completely . The battery is still going strong after several months . Very happy .
 It works . First one was defective . Took awhile to get a replacement , but it works well -LRB- poor dog -RRB- and he is trained pretty quickly .
 I have to say , I did n't think these would work for our dogs . But they do ! I am so amazed , our back yard is now a peaceful place .
 I 've been researching these collars for several months now and finally settled on this one . So far I 've only had it three days ... and it 's AMAZING ! ... lately my dog who 's a 1 year old husky/golden mix , about 55lbs ... has been going on non stop barking fits ... no matter how much I 've tried to stop or correct him w / sprays etc. . . nothing would stop him for more than 5 minutes . The 1st day I got this collar I did n't put it on him right away . I waited until he went on a long barking fit and put it on ... at first he was more curious as to what the heck this thing was around his neck ... after about 10 minutes of that he let loose his 1st bark ... the collar beeped . . then zapped ... he immediately stopped and sat in the corner of his kennel ... not a sound for the next 5 hours . I took the collar off at night because he 's generally good late at night . The next two afternoons I did the same thing ... and the results were exactly the same ... This thing really really works ... and all it took was 1 zap from level 1 correction ... I can also say that it did n't affect his disposition or mood at all . . he was still very playful and acted like his normal self ... minus the barking ... I 'm very pleased w / this so far !
 My application for this collar has been on an 8 year old Pomeranian yapper , for lack of a better description . We love the little dog and wanted to not administer a lot of pain . This collar does that by having 6 levels of shock administered , if the barking continues successively . She caught on very quickly even with her age . We soothed her after the 1st shock and kept em-phasing the words , `` No Barking '' . This phrase was and has been used each time she barks as a reminder and it works . We only need to put the collar on her now , with the collar turned to the Off position and this is all that is needed to prevent her from barking . This works even when she is with other dogs that may initiate barking . Used this way , it is a humane method of changing the dog 's manners and not breaking her spirit.My only negative is that it is difficult to turn the collar to the Off position . It is done with a large coin , such as a quarter , acting as a screw driver and my wife does n't have the finger strength to easily perform the task . The good thing is , we do n't need to do this as often as we did in the learning cycle .
 We had concerns that the collar might not work or be too strong for our miniature Schnauzer but were very pleased with the results . We were careful to use the collar as directed and to be with our dog when she was wearing it and getting the corrections . We would reward her for not barking or stopping after a bark by giving her a treat or saying `` good hush . `` PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark CollarIt did n't take long for her to stop barking or only bark once . She now will try to avoid the things that stimulate her to bark . If she sees the neighborhood teenagers out on their skate boards she turns back and stays on the patio or waits to come back in the door . If she does bark she leaves the area and comes to the door . She even continues this behavior when not wearing the collar much of the time .
 I really was very skeptical that this could curb my German Shepherds constant barking . I put it on her , she barked once and the dogs next door and not again for a couple hours . The dogs next door came outside again , she barked 3 times and I have n't heard anything since . This thing is a Godsend ! You will not be dissapointed !
 It does the trick ! My dogs learned with the first use . I put it on them at night , as neighbor complained about their barking at night . They learned instantly . On at night , off in the morning ... it 's working !
 I think part of the reason I am having trouble wit this product not working consitantly is because my dog is pretty small . She is a Min Dauschaund and barks A LOT . Sometimes the collar does not pick up her barks but it seems to catch more than it misses . Despite the missed barks she has already decreased her barking attmepts considerably , even when she is not wearing the collar . Overall I would say the collar works great , just make sure your dog is above the minimum weight suggestion shown for the collar .
 My ears and my neighbors ' ears thank you for selling this item so affordably and getting it to us as quickly as it came -LRB- less than 5 days -RRB- . It works really well . What more could I ask ? The expensive brands could n't do any better .
 Our dog responded the first day and now does n't even attempt to bark when she has it on . Intially I was worried it would make her skittish or fearful but she 's been fine . . she just does n't bark . It 's a great behavioral manangement tool . I would recommend this product to others .
 Beagle that barked and howled unnecessarily . Checked on several sites for different products , saw positive reviews on the PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar , ordered it , put in on Beagle day the product arrived and after ONE bark -- no more unnecessary barking and howling ! Thanks !!
 This collar is awesome . . and I `` m sure the neighbors think so too . . my dog went from barking constantly for hours . . one bark after the other . . to not barking at all ... that is after her first experience with it . . She barked 3 times in a row and ran for the house . In 2 weeks , she 's only barked once and that was one single bark . She now whines if someone comes . . she does n't take any chances ... . I love it and just suggested it to a friend . They 'll order tomorrow . . as they ca n't stand the constant barking either . Her reputation in the neighborhood was that she 's a good dog but she 's a barker . Peace and quiet and only $ 38 .
 This collar works great , our dog barks at everything , not NO more , the first night he barked once & stopped , second night once & stopped , third nothing but quiet . The battery is still working & its been 1 month . I only put the collar on him at night thats when he barks none stop .
 Works like a charm ! I have a lab mix who is easily excitable , but I do n't want her barking non-stop when I put her outside . I 'm not willing to be inhumane with my methods though , so I did try this out on myself when it arrived . The prongs work with vibration , so I slid it along the table and onto my wrist , which gave the shocking sensation . Not horrible , although not pleasant . I put the collar on first thing in the mornings and leave it on her all day , whether she 's inside or out . I do n't want her to associate the collar with going outside or she will likely not want to go outside . One short yip is all it takes and she catches on . We 've had the collar several months now , so once in awhile I leave it off and she does a great job of not barking on her own . Worth every penny !! -LRB- Maybe I should send one to my neighbor ! -RRB- ; -RRB-
 I hesitated to spend the money on this for two reason ; will it hurt my dog ? Will it even work ? Well folks I can attest to the fact that this no-bark collar really works . He immediately understood that barking had a consequence . I only have to put it on him a couple of times a day . He now associates the collar with behaving and even when his nemisis the mailman is there he is like a Prince . Thanks for having such a great product . I love AMAZON !
 Like it a lot . Should have bought batte ries with purchase . I tried taking off after a 2 days and my dog started barking but not as excessive . I just hold up the collar and he turns his face away , and stops barking .
 This collar really works . After trying several other products , I decided to invest in this no-bark collar . The results were incredible .
 Bottom line
 The MathPregnant Wife + Barking Pitbull = Irritable WifeIrritable Wife + No-Bark Collar = Happy WifeNeighbors + Barking Pitbull = Peeved NeighborsPeeved Neighbors + No-Bark Collar = Nice Neighbors Who 'll Let Me Use Thier LadderOk , so the dog was pissed at us for a day because the collar shocked him . He got over it though.Now I only have to put the collar on him whenever he gets into his barking mode -LRB- twice a week -RRB- . He 'll try a test bark after I put the collar on and then quit . It is almost like magic.I 've had no issues with the collar . I have n't had to replace the battery -LRB- had it for 6 months -RRB- . Worth every penny .
 I bought this collar for my sisters dog when we were dog sitting . It is not cruel in any way -LRB- I tried it on myself first ! -RRB- Delivers a very low shock to the dog . Within 4 days of being at my house the dog was trained to not bark at every passerby or noise ! HANDS DOWN THE BEST MONEY I 'VE SPENT LATELY !!
 Recently I misplaced this bark collar . Ca n't even begin to tell you how much relief this collar has brought to us . Any time one of our two dogs starts barking like crazy just by putting it on them they now stop immediately . It also helped keep our dog in our yard . He knows he is in trouble when he gets the collar on and immediately starts behaving whether barking or not . I am buying my second one , so obviously I am very pleased .
 My dogs neck is very long and skinny -LRB- italian greyhound -RRB- . I had read on many reviews of other products similar to this that the actual `` shock '' part of the collar spins around , this one does not . It allows you to cut the collar as small as you need it . Even when he shakes his head it stays in place . I put it on my dog for 2 hours while I was home to test it out and it worked immediately when he barked . 2 barks in 2 hours and nothing more . He does not bark alot just at small noises so the batteries have held up fine for me . I would reccommend this collar for anyone with the same problems as me .
 I love the no bark collar ! Before I bought it my puppy barked when we put her in her crate at night for bed . It kept us up almost to an hour every night . After the first night we used this it worked amazingly ! We sleep much better and are happy to wake up in the morning !
 Why did n't I purchase this item sooner . We live with a darling 17 pound terrier . No matter what we did we could n't get him to stop sounding the alarm at the door and in the yard . I thought it would be so mean to use this collar on him , but when I read it starts at a low level and gradually gets high , plus reading the reviews , I purchased it.I felt so bad the first time we used it . He was n't sure why he had been shocked . It took about three times . After that he was fine with it . He could play with the other two dogs in the house , including growling and giving happy yipes.We had been putting up with the barking for years , and I 'm sure my neighbors hated us at times . This put an end to it . When the barking stopped he was actually able to relax in the yard . That surprised me . Before that he was always on guard.This size fit my 17 pound terrier well . I do n't use it on walks , but because he does n't bark in the house it has calmed him down outside , too . One note
 We only had to use it initially one time and our dog stopped barking when someone rings the doorbell ! Now we only have to use it occaisionally when he forgets !
 Wow , I never expected it to work so quickly . I do feel kind of bad , but boy is it effective and will make our relationship so much better ...
 I was very reluctant to use a zap collar but bought this one as my dog got used to the spray collar . I have only had it for a couple of days and it appears very effective .
 It was shocking to my dog so . That she jumped over the fence to get away from it . I do n't use it anymore but it did the the job so well that she still jumps over the fence -- also still barks . It did work while she had it on . I tossed it.D.D .
 Seems like a good product . I have just started using it so it is too early to tell for sure . I can say that she is barking less with the collar on though .
 I bought these collars for my beagle , dalmatian and border collie . My husband often works from home and ca n't have his clients hearing the barking of our dogs all day when someone passes our house -LRB- or a house half a block away -RRB- . These were very effective , and I would recommend them .
 This product has worked like a charm for barking . We live in a condo and have 2 cocker spaniels who live inside . They were barking all day and driving our neighbors CRAZY . Overnight , the barking has stopped . We 've been using the collars for several weeks now , and they have noticeably quieted down . They even hesitate to bark when we go to the park , and they 're not wearing the collars.Our only issue has been with the high-pitched whine that one of the dogs is in the habit of doing . The vibration from this whine is not sufficient enough to incite a `` shock . '' This is more of a separation-anxiety whine than a bark-whine . Just wanted to include that in case anyone is trying to curb this type of whine.For the barking and growling , the collars have been excellent . My husband and I highly recommend them .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKS WELL . AS EXPLAINED IN THE MANUAL , YOU MUST MAKE SURE THAT THE 2 SENSOR COMES IN CONTACT WITH THE SKIN OF THE ANIMAL . I TRIED IT ON MYSELF -LRB- I HELD THE DEVICE AGAINST MY VOCAL CORD AND I GROWLED -RRB- AND I FOUND THE SHOCK TO BE NO BIG DEAL . MY DOG ALSO FOUND IT TO BE NO BIG DEAL , HE WAS MORE STARTLED THAN HURT .
 This collar may look a little Frankiensteinish especially on a Pom , but it certainly did still her yappy behavior when I was not home . I could not have her disturbing the entire neighborhood . I put her on it for three days and she stopped then started again . So I put her on it for three weeks . So far nothing . I think that she was doing it out of boredom and some kind of anxiety from separation . Who knows ? Her sister does not bark for the sake of barking .
 The bark collar I received has really curbed Max 's excessive silly barking at things he thinks he hears . He catches himself before he barks now . I think it 's great . Sally from WI
 My Elkhound has a very shrill bark and I was concerned that he would wake neighbors when he went out for a late night bathroom break . After only a day of using this collar he has stopped any type of howling or barking when he wants in , and only scratches at the door . The only issue that I have with this product is that sometimes he is able to continue barking loudly if he is persistent enough . I do n't know if he is just enduring the zaps he is getting from the collar or if it is shutting off . The package comes with limited instructions as to how to troubleshoot any problems that arise . Other than that this is a product well worth the money because it has made my dog much more tolerable .
 I was very impressed with the quick shipping of this product . I was pleased with the delivery and the service granted . Also , my 10-month-old Mini Dachshund has responded very well . Thanks from both of us .
 We bought the product for our Pembroke Welsh Corgi , who are bred to bark because they are herders . It broke my heart the first time we put it on him because I did not want my dog to experience any pain . My husband felt , based on the product reviews , it would be effective and would not take our dog long to learn not to bark . Well , it worked ! It only took Jake 2 times , being outside with our other dog in our yard , to get it . We have not put it back on since . If he is out in the backyard and let 's out 1 bark , all we have to do is show him the collar and he stops altogether . It 's amazing ! It has even significantly improved his barking at other dogs at Obedience school , he stopped barking at our cats completely and it has stopped his nervous barking . One example is Jake used to start barking at obedience classes if other dogs started barking . He would then start barking and almost could not control himself . He would just keep barking for minutes at a time . Since he learned that barking is unpleasant , he 's stopped doing this completely -LRB- that is by just wearing the collar twice outside in our backyard ! -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product . Be consistent , be patient , and NEVER keep the collar on inside or outside during play sessions with your dog . You do not want to associate pain with play .
 I have had great luck with this collar . I have two medium sized dogs who are not big barkers , but it has totally stopped their barking . And I 've had the first collar for over 6 months and have not had to replace the battery yet ! I highly recommend the collar .
 My dog used to bark when the doorbell rang . I put the collar on my Bichon-Poodle mix and rang the door bell a couple of times . She caught on quickly to what the collar did . Then I took the collar off . I did the same thing the second day . Now I simply grab it and dangle it in the air and she stops the barking . This product was well worth my money !
 I hate putting on bark collars but to keep peace with my neighbors I was forced to . This collar is effective and does the job . I use one on my 20 pound cocker spaniel and another on my 55 pound pitbull mix .
 A little more than I was looking to pay , but this item does the job !
 This collar works well , but runs through batteries quickly . It stopped the barking though - so I guess it does it 's job !
 I have a 120 lb . bulldog who would bark when he did n't get his way ... if I did n't let him on the bed , he would bark for hours ! I finally could n't take anymore and went to the store to get a bark collar . He learned after the first correct that he did n't like it and stopped barking . Now I just hold up the collar if he starts barking and he 'll lay down . Those who have tried once and failed OBVIOUSLY did n't read the package ! Some dogs do n't understand the correction at first and get in to a bark-correction-bark-correction pattern and the owner needs to calm them down so they can understand the connection between barking and the correction ... NOT take the collar off ! I would def . reccommend this product for anyone !
 1 . My dog is a PIT/LAB mix 8 moths old .2 . I put on the collar daily from 9pm-8am .3 . I did it for two weeks on a consistent basis .4 . No more collar after 2 weeks .5 . It may bark once or twice a week after 2 weeks .6 . Then I put the collar back for that night until 8am .7 . it 's been about a month ; so far she 's been good .8 . I will recommend this product .
 Works like a charm !! Does n't hurt the dog but surehas made her obedient and stopped her endless barking ! She just had to bark one time and that was it !! Nit a peep since . Love it !!
 I read a review of this product from a woman who had 2 dachshunds and she raved about it . I decided to try b/c of her review . I , along with her would never use anyuthing that would hurt my pets . This collar is a god send . It really works with minimal discomfort to my dogs , one dog only gets a growl out and the other -LRB- a very deep voiced dachshund -RRB- has learned not to bark at all when he is wearing it . I only use it for a couple of hours when absolutely needed .
 I have not had to use this collar yet . I have purchased PetSafe products before and I have always been pleased with results . I have a very `` barky '' Terrier ... When we are out fishing on a quiet peaceful lake , he will not stop barking at EVERYTHING ... So I really hope this collar will help .
 This product is wonderful -- we put it on our beagle Bailey that day . He barked once and then yelped . Since then he has pretty much become the silent dog ! He is very happy to have us put it on when he is going outside and just has relaxed and not barked . Even when the neighbor beagle is barking up a storm , Bailey just chooses to sit in his chair and observe quietly . I think he is glad to be more relaxed . I do n't even think we will have to use the replacement batteries I ordered at the same time ! I highly recommend it !!
 I saw the Jim Carrey movie `` Fun with -LSB- ... -RSB- and Jane '' . In the beginning he had a dog that barked all the time , just like mine . Then he put on a `` shock-collar '' and on the screen it first said `` Loves to bark '' then he barked , yelped , then the caption was edited to say `` Used to love to bark '' . Just like the movie , my dog barked all the time . He was also very hyper and jumped on people . I tried everything from training , ultra-sonic collars -LRB- that I could hear -RRB- , noise makers , yelling , newspapers , everything . I put this collar on him , he heard some people walking by and barked as usual , then was startled by the collar , barked again , yelped a bit , and was instantly turned into a different animal . No more barking ... EVER !!! Not even at the mailman when he comes to the door , and being a half Lab/Chow , I figured there was never going to be a way to get him to stop that behavior . Not only does he not bark anymore , he also has calmed down . I assume the barking triggers an adrenaline rush in dogs , so this basically got rid of the trigger . I also feel it is not in-humane because yelling at your dag , throwing a sho , or hitting it with a newspaper is 10x more in-humane and abusive , not to mention confusing to your pet . Besides , he 's only been `` zapped '' 2 times . Unlike the newspaper , it only had to be done once . Great buy !!!
 We have been very pleased with this bark collar . Our dog is a lab and it took only a week of her wearing this during the night for her to learn she does not have to bark at every deer and coyote that comes near our home although she still will bark when a human comes on the property . We are very pleased with the results .
 We decided to get this after setting up the video camera to record our dog -LRB- 2 yr old beagle/lab -RRB- when we were away . To my shock , our dog howled for 14 mins -LRB- on and off -RRB- and then started barking for 9 mins -LRB- on and off -RRB- and then he finally decided to shut up . I knew he had separation anxiety but did n't know it was that bad ! We live in an apartment & nobody had complained to us , so that 's why I did n't know how bad it was.So we purchased the pictured collar and it looks exactly the same as ours except the model is BC 103 . I 'm not sure if the model on this page is incorrect or what . Anyway , the first few times we put it on , he let out a short yelp when he got shocked but he is used to it now and has figured out that he wo n't get shocked if he quietly cries . I know because I set up the camera again and there 's no more howling or barking , just a little cry here and there . So I took one star off for that . Some people have said that they do n't even replace the battery because the dog wo n't know that it 's flat & I 'm thinking the same will happen for us.Overall , I would recommend this product for anyone who has a dog with sep. anxiety .
 I 'm certain each dog is different . I have a rescued 6 month old black lab / ? mix who has a great temperament . His only excitable characteristic was to bark out the window at everyone who walked by . I 'm on the first floor on a busy sidewalk , so this was a frequent event . I read the reviews , then tried this collar and it took him a whopping four barks to realize that unnecessary barking is unwanted behavior . It has been a little over a month since that afternoon , and he remains quite the gentleman . To reiterate , it took four . I paid a little over $ 11 per bark.I was a little worried about the shock component , but my little man never whimpered or cried out during any of the four -LRB- again , yes , four -RRB- . He just jumped off his barking chair by the window and looked around confused , then grabbed a Nylabone and went to town on it on the couch . The `` shock '' seemed so humane that they were actually a little funny given Dudley 's confused look around the room followed by a wagging tail and normal demeanor . There may be different reactions from different breeds of dog , but for me , this product delivered exactly what it promised . Now I 'm stuck with two backup batteries . Maybe I 'll give it to my brother for his rescued pup ...
 My dog is the nices dog ever , since i put the collar on him , yes i took a couple of days for him to realize he was going to `` get it '' everytime he barked but it was all worth it .
 A little over a year ago , we adopted a cute poodle mix . He seemed great all around except for one thing ... he barked incessantly at the door bell , anyone who had entered the home and decided they actually wanted to speak to us , the wheel on the show the Price is Right and several other unrelated and equally annoying scenarios . We tried to live with it for a year ... asking guests not to talk at all when they came to visit -LRB- teaching a loud black family not to talk when coming for a visit is almost as impossible as getting this dog to stop barking -RRB- . Finally after trying to host a meeting at my house with 5 ladies from my daughter 's school and listening to my dog bark for an hour an a half , ENOUGH WAS ENOUGH ! I purchased the PetSafe No-Bark Collar THE SAME DAY and had that sucker overnight shipped to my home.When the collar arrived , it felt a little like Christmas for me . I was cautiously optimistic that this thing would actually work . The hardest thing to do was get the collar out of the bullet-proof packaging , but the thought of not having to hear my dog bark like a wild banshee helped me overlook the annoying plastic case momentarily . Okay the collar itself is not very large . The transmitter is average size -LRB- about 11/2 inches -RRB- . We use a transmitter collar for our invisible fence and they are roughly the same size -LRB- not worn simultaneously of course ! -RRB- My dog is about 32 pounds and I only adjusted the length of the collar slightly to fit him.OKAY MOMENT OF TRUTH ... my husband snuck out of the house and rang the door bell . and I got one Woo -- did n't even get the - F out of the woof and he was done . COULD IT BE TRUE ?!?!!? This was a dog who for over an year would go on a series of at least a 32-bark salute every time the doorbell rang and then would continue to bark once you brought him to the door , introduced him to the guest , the guest entered the home and sat down , then got up and left . BARK , BARK , BARK , BARK , BARK ! SO ANNOYING !!!! Well NO MORE ! I thought it was a fluke so I left it on him and picked up my children from school and they entered the house -- another trigger for him and again NO Barking ! My children were thrilled ! I said `` hum , could this be the miracle I was hoping for ? '' We took the collar off once we were all settled in the house and lo and behold someone rang the door bell out of the blue and even though he barked , it was MUCH less than he had ever barked before the collar . Now this is only day one and you better believe I plan on using this collar until I feel it is not necessary anymore but after one day , you can call me a VERY SATISFIED AND HAPPY CUSTOMER . THE BEST PRODUCT I THINK I HAVE PURCHASED THIS YEAR ! I can get up , open my door and go to the mailbox , without a tirade of barking as I do it . My children can run around the house and not worry about triggering a bark attack . Five Stars for sure !!!
 Long time buyer , first time reviewer . I have a one year old beagle sheltie mix who 's favorite thing to do was bark at the wind . The dog was constant noise . Got this collar and put it on him . Walked away . Dog freaked out like normal and barked . The collar shocked him so good his ears stood up . Not a peep since . He still ca n't figure out what happened . Occasionally he whispers ... whoof ... but that 's it . I would have paid double for this item . I finally rule the yard again . Its been 3 weeks of blissful silence .
 I am very impressed with the sensitivity with this device . I was very nervous that each of my dogs small playful growls and noise would set it off . It really only does go off when it is supposed to . I have drastically noticed a difference in my dogs barking behavior . It has only been a few days but I will continue to leave the collar on during the daytime for the next few weeks and then I will go back to a regular collar and see how that goes.It was hard at first to get use to her being sad after her first few shocks . But she quickly learned and was quickly back to her normal temperament .
 I really could not believe how effective and fast this worked . We put it on our dog , and sad to say , it really `` shocked '' her and she jumped a foot in the air . She barked again and yelped !! I felt bad for her . I almost wish I had n't started using this but I have to say , it works !!! My home is so much quieter and if you have a barking problem like we DID , I would recommend it .
 I bought this as a last resort to end my jack russel terrier 's high pitched , constant barking . I felt terrible the first time I saw it work , she screamed sooo loud . It did n't take long for her to get the idea , now I do n't even have to turn it on . She just has to wear the collar to know not to bark .
 My dog is probably thinking just that when he has his No-Bark collar on . He still barks a bit but it has become much less of a problem . I did n't give it 5 stars only because the collar did n't perform a miracle but it was close ! I was like many other people , timid about having my `` baby '' zapped . But this collar is just a little bit of a reminder that he needs to keep his voice down and I am relieved that it is working .
 This product works great ! I have a dog that barks at everything once he goes outside . After following the directions his barking stopped after about 3 days -LRB- each day he barked less and less until finally blessed silence -RRB- ! He did cry when he got zapped but I think it was more out of fear than pain . I tried the collar on my hand and it 's just a good static shock , no pain , just startles you.About a week later he tried his barking again and I put the collar on again . When he started barking I yelled no and he got a zap ... poor guy is probably wondering how I did that ! And that was it ; he 's been very good since that last attempt .
 Works well ! Keeps my big dogs quiet for the most part except for light whinning . I was also scared that they would not bark if they needed to for watch dog purposes , but they do bark if they feel it 's absolutely necessary . Glad the nuisance barking is gone now though . And the battery works for a long time , 6 months and still going on one of my collars . The rechargeable battery collars have to be replaced every 2 years , so these end up being cheaper .
 MAKING THIS SHORT AND SIMPLE . GREAT PRODUCT FOR A GREAT PRICE . THIS SAVED US FROM HAVING TO PUT MY LOUD MOUTH DASHOUD DOWN , . IT WORKS GREAT
 He finally know he should not bark all the time for attention . It is very strong shock for my 25 Lb dog , but I am gald to have this tool to train him . Very good quallity and price .
 I was hesitant but desperate . There was no controlling or quelling my Maltese 's barking once he got started ! This collar worked like a charm ! I admit the first time he got shocked was gut wrenching ... but it only took once ! He is sooo much better now and does n't need to wear the collar that much ! He does seem to have found a few `` loopholes '' and still gets yippy sometimes but it 's nothing compared to what it used to be !!!!!!!
 We had a huge problem with Robbie , our Sheltie , to the point where our neighbors told us he had to go . They had put up with his insane barking for two years , and they have a right to live in peace , so I could n't disagree with them.Out of sheer desperation and despair , we bought this collar . We were worried that it was cruel , etc. , but it has been a godsend.I mean , he is a changed dog . He does n't bark at all , but he also seems happier and more relaxed . He used to bark himself into a frenzy to the point where you could tell he did n't even know what he was barking about anymore . Now he 's calm and happy.What 's more , we are much more relaxed and the tension level in the house is greatly reduced because we 're not always yelling at him to shut up , or wondering what 's going to set him off next . I highly recommend this , and it 's only $ 40 . By the way , we had tried everything else under the sun
 This was bought for my 14 mo old white shepherd . With 4 little dogs and sidewalk traffic outside the fence we had to do something . In the past two months I can count on both hands how many times I 've heard her bark . Highly recommended !
 I have only had to use this collar one time and it did the trick . It scared my dog without being painful .
 I have had a yorkie for 4.5 years , I moved in with my roommate , later to become my boyfriend , 1 year ago . My yorkie has , what i like to call little man syndrome , he just NEEDS to bark at everyone that gets near him at all just to prove a point . -LRB- side note
 The collar works on Sammy the Airedale . That boy can get excited about the critters in the blackberries next to his kennel . Woof Woof Woof for hours . But he will shut right up with the magic collar . No trauma.In the spirit of fairness , I put it on myself first and Woofed . It shut me right up too , with just a little bit of trauma . I am cured of Woofing and no longer use it on myself .
 We have two dachshunds that bark at EVERYTHING . Once one starts , the other joins in and they keep each other going . I work at home and have kids at home that constantly play with them , so it is not a lack of attention - they simply love to bark.We tried the citronella collars for a while . They helped , but my dogs like barking more than they hate the citronella , so it did n't really stop them from barking . They learned that 20 or so sprays later the collar would be empty and they could bark all they wanted . They also learned they could jump up on people 's lap , turn their head , and bark to spray people in the face -LRB- I know , I deserve it for putting the collars on them :-RRB- . So , I researched static collars a bit . So many choices - vibration detection , sound detection , vibration and sound , multiple levels of shock , user configurable programs , etc. . In the end , I just decided to buy two of the cheapest ones I could find to see if they even worked on my dogs . I figured if they worked , I 'd consider buying better ones.These collars work great . I have no plans to buy anything more expensive . I was worried that with just a vibration sensor that they might go off when they wrestle with each other or the kids play with them . This just does n't happen . I was worried that one might bark and the other would get shocked . This is also not a problem . The collars work flawlessly when they bark and never misfire when not barking.I really did n't want to go route of shock collars . I know some people think they are so cruel and that all dogs can stop barking with a bit of love . I was in that camp for a while and is why I tried the citronella collars at first . However , after using these for a couple months , I 'm not feeling so bad -LRB- I know , I 'm not the one getting shocked -RRB- . The collars emit a loud `` beep '' for the first few barks . If the dog stops barking , then there is no shock . If they continue to bark , then the collar starts with a mild shock and increases the strength as the barking continues . My dogs did get a few shocks when we first started using them . You do feel terrible when it happens . But , it was a quick lesson and now the dogs never get shocked . They have probably been shocked 5 times each in 2 months . They still bark occasionally and `` test '' the beep , but then they stop before the shock.The only negative I have is that the collars have to be centered on their neck for the vibration sensor to work . Sometimes my dogs can spin them off to the side and are free . But , I like that my dogs can outsmart the collars occasionally - they deserve that . I 'm still running on the original batteries after a couple months , so not really sure how long they last.So , they work good for us . I do see a fair amount a negative reviews around here as well . I do n't wish to discredit any of them . I do think all dogs are going to react differently to these things . I bought the cheapest collars I could find thinking I would either stop using them if my dogs had a hard time with them or buy better ones if they seemed to be working . These collars are perfect for us , so I 'll be sticking with them .
 The collar works perfectly . We had a terrible neighbor that yelled at us constantly if our dog barked even a little during the day . It forced us to lock him up all day long while we were at work . With the bark collar we can let him run free . He 's happier , we 're happier , the neighbor is probably happier , but who cares.We leave the collar on him when we 're gone during the day , just to be safe . But even when we 're home he does n't bark that much anymore . The collar is great .
 My two Pekingese were driving my wife nuts . She could not let them outside without them barking at anything that moved beyond the fence . They would also bark like mad when any shadow came across the front door . My wife was ready to give the dogs to anyone that would take them . I was a bit skeptical about the collars and thought they would be inhumane . Turns out they are the opposite.I followed the instructions and fit the collars , letting the dogs wear them a day without the battery installed . The following day I put the batteries in . The first few times the dogs barked like mad , seemingly getting the collars to the higher correction settings . They would yelp when the correction came . Not a painful yelp , but a shocked `` what was that ? '' yelp . They quickly figured it out and have become much better dogs . Since they do not bark themselves into a frenzy , they are quicker to calm down and better behaved when excited . It has been about two weeks and we still keep the collars on during the day even though the dogs bark much less even without the collars on . -LRB- They have figured out they can each get one bark in before being corrected . One bark compared to 15 minutes of incessant barking is heaven to me , and one bark to know someone is coming to the house is a nice thing from a dog . -RRB- The warning tone is a very nice feature , as it quickly reminds the dogs when they are about to be corrected . I do n't think the dogs have been corrected in a week beyond the tone.If you are worried about your dogs being hurt by this collar , do n't be . My Pekes are ~ 13 pounds each . The correction startles them , but does n't hurt . I inspect their necks daily , and there is no evidence of too much rubbing from the probes . Follow the directions for fitting the collars and you will be happy with the results .
 The problem with this product is that my dog ... Actually , wait , I should preface this review with this ... It does work , the collar does stop the dog from barking.HOWEVERThe problem with this product is that the dog can end up associating the collar itself with not barking and not the barking with being shocked . The benefit of this collar over the remote control operated ones is that it is automatic -LRB- and considerably cheaper -RRB- . I often leave the dog outside with the collar on while I shower or eat . I could not use the remote in the shower so the automatic 3phase warning and then punishment works best in that situation . But the dog has learned not to bark when the collar is on but still barks at every thing when I let him out without the collar.He has also worked out that once I put the collar on he can just shake his head violently and the collar will slip round to the side of his head where his fur is thicker and it does not sense his barking.There are benefits to this collar over the remote control but I do not advise the use of this collar as the only means of training for your dog . The dog needs positive reinforcement for not barking more than constantly being shocked when he does bark.The battery lasts for some time , I am still on the first battery and have had the unit for about 3 months .3.5 stars / 5
 Our three-year-old German Shepherd , Ollie -LRB- short for ` Olivia ' -RRB- , ordinarily does n't bark too much . But , while she loves to go for rides in the car , once in the car , she barked frantically and uncontrollably for the duration of the trip . The noise was deafening and she threw spit all over the place ; not too nice for the other passengers . A year earlier , we installed an Invisible Fence around our yard , which works with a `` correction '' collar , and Ollie took to that extremely well . She knows her boundaries and loves to run and play within them . When a dog trainer suggested that a no-bark collar would be the best way to solve the barking-in-the-car issue , I researched several collars . Some were more expensive than this one , but this brand was strongly recommended by several sources . Even PetSafe has some different types of collars , but I tried this one . I was amazed at how quickly Ollie learned the Invisible Fence process , so I should not have been surprised when she got this collar . But I was . I 'm so grateful that it works . The first time she wore it , she barked once in the car and then , blessed silence . Since then , a month later , she occasionally `` tests '' the collar , but then remembers that it 's not the right thing to bark in the car . One bark and that 's enough . I only use the collar in the car . Ollie learned quickly when it 's OK to bark and when it 's not . Once out of the car , she does n't go bonkers with barking , but she knows that , if needed , she can bark again . I love this dog!A few notes : Before I got any correction collars , I was concerned about the effects on Ollie . Several sources that I trust told me that correction collars are proven ways to train dogs and that the dogs will not be hurt . Ollie has proven them right . With each collar that I got , Invisible Fence and No-bark , I tested the `` corrections '' . Even at full strength , it 's not as bad as some static electricity shocks I 've gotten . When Ollie is corrected , she looks annoyed , but not hurt . She has n't gotten a correction from the Invisible Fence in a long time , but the no-bark collar correction seems to be just a reminder to her that she takes in stride and adjusts her attitude . After the reminder , she 's still a happy passenger in the car , watching the world outside go by.With all the millions of dogs out there , I do n't assume that this will be the solution for every one . It works great for Ollie , but some dogs may not learn how to deal with it . I was very skeptical before we got the Invisible Fence how it would work for Ollie ; less concerned before we got the no-bark collar . I 'm thrilled that she accepted both . And , as she may no longer need the Invisible Fence collar to stay in the yard , I assume that , eventually , she may not need the no-bark collar to stay quiet in the car . I do n't consider either collar a burden to the dog and she does n't seem to mind them either.Other reviewers of this product said that the batteries do n't last long . Of course , if the dog wears it all the time and barks a lot , the battery will be used up more quickly . A month after getting this collar , and using it only for once-a-day car rides , we 're still on the first battery . I have two more ready to go and I 'll check the low-battery light daily . I 'll make a judgement later as to whether the battery lasts long enough . The replacements should be a little cheaper ; do a little shopping on the internet before you buy extra batteries.Summary , while it may not be everyone 's solution , it 's saved my ears and kept the spit out of my car . I 'm very happy with this collar .
 Seems to work great . Dog 's barking has been reduced quite a bit , and he does n't seem to mind it at all .
 We recently moved into a new neighborhood . -LRB- 1 -RRB- of our -LRB- 3 -RRB- dogs started barking at our neighbor to the side of our home . I tried to get the dog to stop with no success . We have an electric fence so the dog is able to run free in the yard . When I tried to get the dog to come back in so the barking would not bother the neighbors she decided to make a game of it and would not come . It became very frustrating and I did n't want to disturb our neighbors . After doing quite a bit of research on different styles -LRB- sprayers , shock , etc. . . -RRB- I settled on PetSafe No-Bark . We use their electric fence and have been very satisfied.Once we put the collar on the barking stopped immediately . Anytime the dog went out we put the collar on and experienced no more of the non-stop barking at our neighbors . Our dog has not exhibited any negative affects from the initial shocks and quite frankly does not bark anymore so it is not an issue . The dog is happier and we as owners are no longer frustrated and upset with our dogs barking.GREAT PRODUCT !!!
 We were just about at the end of our proverbial rope dealing with our rescue Chihuahua 's barking issues . Purchased the collar and saw noticeable behavior changes in the life of the first battery . We are already able to keep the collar on the turned off position and it 's working like a charm . If your dog is smart they will make the connection extremely fast . Everyone is happier , not just us and the neighbors , Our dog too ... He 's feeling more loved than ever because he is .
 Bought this collar for my male daschund . My neighbors were being spiteful due to his excessive barking so I bought him tho collar and it works wonders . I do have to say that after a couple weeks of wearing the collar if I put him outside without it , his barking has definetly decreased . Great product , would recommend . Fast shipping !
 We have a 7 mo old shetland sheep dog , only 14 lbs so small for the breed . He is very spirited and hard to correct for the breed as well -LRB- we 've had several -RRB- . We use the Petsafe containment shock collar successfully and without trouble - but on the lowest shock setting . So containment training worked well.But his one real fault is barking all of the time . We tried the sonic collar for two weeks , but he barked more with it . The tone annoyed him.The first time we tried the shock collar , he yelped and dived under the bed shaking . The second time he jumped and yelped , which shocked him again.This collar does not have an adjustment like the containment collar that allows for setting the shock level . Instead , Petsafe uses a resistor . The manual instructs the user to call for the resistor , however when doing so they provide RadioShack part numbers and instruct the user to purchase from radio shack.Of course , that means the 30 cent resistor now costs several dollars in shipping . So cut the losses and order two or three values , and spares.Luckily , my basement was full of spare parts , resistors included , and I found that a simple 1/4watt 33K ohm resistor cut the shock significantly , and a smaller resistor of less than 10K cut the shock to the point that I could n't feel it . The range I recommend is to have a 100K , a 33K and a 10K resistor set.So if you find that the dog is overly sensitive , plan to hit Radio Shack online or locally to get the resistors , and figure that into the cost of the collar.Suggestion to PetSafe
 I order this for my dog who barks at everything . I only had to use for 2 weeks at the most . This products works . If she gets out of hand I just have to show it to her and she stops . This has really helped with her barking at everything from birds to people walkin by .
 This product works . I tried it on myself first . Does tickle a little.lol . Dogs do not bark anymore when wearing the collar . They both learned in under a day . Its a little shocking to them at first . So put it on when your around for at least a couple of hours first . So you know there are not gon na freak out . I would buy same product again .
 We bought this collar for our terrier when the neighbors complained about barking . It works well , and I have never seen her cry or act hurt after it is activated . She does not run or hide when I get it out to put it on her . It is easy to program to different levels of correction . Our only problem is that Piper is smart , and she knows she can bark if it 's not on !
 Even after reading the negative reviews for this product , I still felt that I would go ahead and give it a try . Well , I am very glad that I did . I have 2 lab/pit mixes -LRB- 70-80 lbs -RRB- that I use this collar for and it has worked wonders . The dogs would bark and you could tell they had a reaction to the shock . They usually only barked once and then got the point and would quit . We have been using this product for weeks and the battery has not died . Overall , if you do n't have a tiny dog and know how to properly use this product it could be a great purchase ! I would definitely reccomend !
 My 25lb dog was barking constantly to either go outside or come inside and it was driving me crazy since I now have a newborn and could n't always jump up and let her in/out right away . The barking would continue until she got what she wanted . Our dog is a very well behaved dog and we tried a shock collar before but it 1 -RRB- made her overly submissive and 2 -RRB- we had to have the remote to manually correct excessive barking . I did not want another shock collar for her so I looked into the Petsafe collar . It works very well with her . I think it scared her the first time she started barking and it vibrated , but it only took a few days before all the excessive barking stopped . I have now not had to put it on her since that first week as she 's hardly barking at all now , except during normal and expectable times like when we play in the yard . I only gave it 4 stars because I did test the collar myself to see what it felt like and I do think it felt a bit like when you accidentally get shocked from putting a finger in an electrical socket . In other words , it did feel more like a shock than just a vibration . But it did work and has effectively corrected the behavior so I would recommend this to others .
 Must be fitted just right to work . If dog spins collar around there is no effect and barking continues . Dog uncomfortable at first had trouble sleeping in collar . Good price though .
 I purchased this collar for our little house yapper . Nothing else I tried kept her from barking at visitors.The first time I put it on her and she barked she got a little zap and yelped from it . Which caused her to get yet another zap but then she went quiet . From then on , whenever we are expecting company , I put the collar on her and she is quiet ! The battery has even gone dead and still no barking ! Wonderful peacefulness !
 I have a malti-poo , and this collar works wonders . Put it on , and the dog stops barking , take it off , and he 'll bark at the neighbors ' dogs all day long.Only reason it does n't get 5 stars is that the product instructions direct you not to leave the collar on the dog for more than 12 hours at a time . Would like to have a `` permanent '' solution
 After trying all the tricks to control incessant barking -LRB- exercise , attention and love , distraction -RRB- , I finally resorted to this collar . One week ago today , I put it on the dog , a coonhound nearing 1 year of age with a big bark and coon whine . On the first day , I stayed out of doors with her for the first few hours . Yes she barked once , then a little yelp , then I verbally corrected her `` Quiet '' . She did this 5 more times , same thing . Then the big bark , bark , bark -- she stopped looked dismayed and took herself to her crate -LRB- which is always open -- her `` safe '' place -RRB- . She did n't bark again the rest of the day . Nine barks and she was done . I put the collar on her for 12 hours at a time , 4 days in a row . No more barking . She runs , chases the birds -LRB- when she 'd get into the incessant barking -RRB- , watches the neighborhood children and walkers -LRB- also a barking cue -RRB- -- but no barking . Now all our interactions are positive ones -- lots more petting time , praising time , treats and other good things . On day 5 , 6 and today , I have not put the collar on and she seems to be over her barking fits . She 's completely playful and friendly . I have continued to exercise this dog daily not depending on the collar to be the entire solution . By the way , I did try out the collar on my thigh and it is much like a static shock . I am now more ashamed of the continuous verbal reprimands that I gave my dog over the months than I am of the collar that corrected her nine times . There are no skin issues on my dogs neck from these shocks . I agree with other comments that the collar itself is thin and cheap -- but I had a back up one to replace it if necessary . I am grateful for this tool to restore happiness to our household .
 I have 2 dogs that are great ... however ... my lab/husky mix goes CRAZY when you even act like you 're going to open the door , or go to leave , or he hears someone walking up the steps ! The list of things that set him off could go on forever ! He 's 6 yrs old and he seems like its getting worse and we 've tried everything and he just keeps barking . We have 2 young kids also who actually cry when he goes crazy and this also gets the other dog worked up by the way ... its just ridiculous !!! So , we 've gone back and forth for years -LRB- literally years I dont know why ! -RRB- about getting a bark collar . Well , I 'm sick of yelling at him and having to put him in another room everytime someone comes over so I broke down and got this collar and I DONT KNOW WHY I WAITED !!! It came early this morning and by this afternoon he 's a different dog !!! He only had to be corrected by it twice and he now knows not to bark past the beep -LRB- and since he stopped the other dog has stopped -RRB- ! It has been amazingly quiet here ! When I went to take my daughter to school he started and then stopped after being corrected and only whined a little when I came back ! I dont think he 'll have to wear it long ! I really did n't want to have to go with this but was at a loss and it works so well and he just seems more startled by the shock than like he 's being hurt ! I ca n't recommend this enough it has worked just like its supposed to -LRB- no going off randomly like others have said -RRB- and he already got the idea after only one day !
 Really happy with the collars , within a week of wearing them both our dogs have stopped barking at anything that moves . They only need to hear the warning beep after one bark and they know to stop . Do n't leave them on when I 'm not home but I 've found that even when collars are off now they do n't bark at much
 We have a 1 year old female Yorkie that has turned into an absolute spoiled brat ! She wines and cries every time we make her go out side to use the bathroom , barking at everything including her own shadow , it has gotten really bad . So about a week ago she woke me up 4 times in a single night with her barking and whining `` from her not wanting to be in crate '' I decided I had enough . Long story short I bought this product put it on her , she barked one time and not again since then . This product works better than I expected it to . I read the reviews and was kind of not wanting to buy this product because of some of the bad ones , but sure glad I did now . This product is worth every penny I spent on it . Thanks !!!
 Never believed it would work but my yappy dog is now quiet . He may bark once but then he stops . Seems to calm him down in general . Took about one day for the dog to figure out he could n't bark crazily anymore . One day of doggie depression after that . Now he is perfectly content having figured out the `` new rules '' .
 I have had this collar for about a month on my beagle and have not had to replace the battery yet . It not only stopped the barking but was sensetive enough to help control loud whinning and houling I would definatly recomend it .
 Tried other collars that vibrated or made sounds , and they worked on the problem for only a week . This collar worked right away and 2 months later still no barks . Would have given 4 stars if the battery life was a little better . Be sure to order extras , especially given that the collar will get most of its action in the beginning and use them up quickly . Short battery life is n't a deal breaker , though , because the pup will get conditioned to not barking after a short while .
 This is the second one of this product we have purchased . The first one lasted 2 years but got trashed by the dog somehow . We only use it early mornings or late at night when we do not wish to disturb neighbors . She can and has barked through it -LRB- most likely when she had a close encounter with wildlife-we live in a forrest -RRB- but it works the best of any systems we have tried .
 I 've purchased this twice now . The first one I put in a really good spot . REALLY good . And when I remember where that is , I 'll have two of these wonderful things.I do A LOT of dog rescue and I 've had millions of dogs in and out of my house . I 've had to use this on only two dogs -LRB- an American lab and a rat terrier , so yes , this is n't just for little dogs -RRB- . The collar shocked them twice . Problem solved.People have to recognize this is a training tool , not something the dog wears all the time . This is something for when they are crated -LRB- in my case -RRB- or maybe only in the evenings when kids walk home from school and get barked at , or maybe only when company comes over , etc. . . You do n't want the dog to stop barking in all circumstances . It 's easier , I think , to get them to realize that barking when they are crated is unacceptable . They seem to understand that better than &#34; no barking ever &#34; . It 's too against their nature to stop altogether.I will also say that if your dog barks though this you might want to get your dog checked for OCD or separation anxiety . There are pills for helping with that , just like in humans , and when combined with training and behavior modification the problem will lessen over time . Everyone will be happier . : - -RRB-
 We purchased this collar because our Westie likes to go outside at night and bark , bark , bark . We previously purchased a bark collar with a remote which was fine if we were in the house and within range of our dog . This collar works on the vibration of the dog 's throat and no remote is needed . It works like a charm !
 I got it for my son 's dog . When it is on her she does not even try to bark , but when it is off , she 'll bark all she can .
 Really worked for me , my dog stopped barking instantly . After a few months it seems she does n't need it any more , it broke the bad habit
 I ordered this with my chihuahua mix and terrier mix in mind . The units are too big . But have used PetSafe for four years on a very stubborn dog with great success in controlling barking . PetSafe units work even in the front yard with people constantly walking by .
 Definetly got my dog 's attention ! In two days annoying barking is non-exsistant ... and a nice bonus , he 's become better behaved as well . : -RRB-
 Life has been so much better since I bought this collar . Well worth the money . My terrier would bark at falling leaves prior to purchasing this product . My poor neighbors could not walk out of their house . Now the most you will get out of my dog is maybe a growl . The high pitched continuous barking is done .
 My dog is learning super fast to stop barking . The kids and I tried it first to make sure it would n't hurt our little girl . -LRB- Do n't try this at home ;-RRB- -RRB- . She 's sees the collar and automatically knows not to bark .
 This worked so well I bought another one for my other dog . I am very pleased with this product and I would definitely purchase again .
 my dog has only barked 5 times this week . she would bark at anything moving outside and at cars going by . that would start my other dog barking . no more !! this week has been the most quiet in years . even when i take the collar off the dog doesnt bark.i couldnt be happier . if i read a review like this i would not believe it . this collar really works
 I adopted my Yellow Lab from the Humane Society about 2.5 years ago , as a one-year old puppy , the most perfect dog in the world , except for severe separation anxiety that causes him to rip the house to shreds and/or bark uncontrollably when he 's in a cage . I 've tried Xanax , a dog whisperer , a professional dog-training service that cost a house-payment , finally I just ignored it . But every time I 'd come home late at night , and walk up to the house and hear barking , I 'd cringe , wondering how long until the neighbors called the police . One night , I got on Amazon and ordered this . Then I felt bad about the shocks , so I also ordered a Citronella collar . This collar arrived first , and I was desperate . I did n't think it would work to be honest . I put it on , put my dog in the cage , he barked , and wow , something happened . He tried again , and it happened again . And that was it . No more barking . It 's incredible ! Will it work for every dog ? Absolutely not . I had a Coon Hound years ago , also from the Humane Society , and a shock collar did not work . So it depends on the dog just like various discipline methods work on different children . Do I feel like this is inhumane ? Absolutely not . I think it 's better than sedating or medicating my dog . Of course , I do n't judge people who are forced to do that either . We do what we need to do so that we and our dogs can enjoy their lives given our -LRB- and their -RRB- living situations.A great product , a great price , and now some long overdue peace and quiet for the neighbors .
 My puppy was not doing well with barking . And I do n't like spraying her with water because I do n't want her to be afraid of water . We have a pool . This worked great and then I was able to remove and she does great now .
 This collar really works ! I will warn you that you dog will whimper and yelp when it gets shocked . It is really hard to hear , but you must persist . Amazon may not like this tip , but I 'll share it anyway . After your dog gets shocked a few times and you have noticed its habits change and is quieter . Take the battery out ! Leave the collar on his/her neck but with no battery . They still think they will get shocked if they bark so they wo n't and you will conserve your battery . If they start barking again . Put the battery back in for a few more days . It works !
 I actually bought one for myself in the hope that it would stop my snoring . Unfortunately , it does not respond to snores , only barks . However , I tried a few barks to see what the zap was like -- it resembled getting touched by someone who was shuffling in the carpet . At worst , maybe a bee sting . Certainly startling , but not abusive .
 This is a life saver . My dog was barking all day and night . I liked that the product is totally safe for the dog . Is very important to follow the instructions . My dog learned very very quickly to bark only when necessary . I 'm super happy with the results . It improved my quality of life and I 'm pretty sure that it improved the quality of life of my neighbors too that can enjoy peace .
 After putting this collar on my Pug/Beagle mix who very much has A LOT of Beagle in her -LRB- she cries and whines constantly -RRB- , it seems to have done the trick . She still does bark occasionally , but it has cut down significantly . She used to bark at everyone walking by her , leaves , air , etc. . and now we hardly hear from her at all . I 've thought about buying another one for my Jack Russell Terrier as well we like it so much .
 I want to tell everyone that I have a hard headed dachsund . He wore this collar a few times as a training method to my commands for being quiet . It worked and He only uses his `` inside bark '' to bark . This product works and I will always recommend this to everyone and use it for my other dogs too .
 I got my dog about 9 months ago from a rescue . Scotty is a 3 year old lab-boxer mix and ~ 40-50 lbs . I quickly noted Scotty absolute hatred/excitment/love for runners by the window/children by the window/cars by the window/bikes by the window/wind by the window . In the back yard he barked at everything.No training method has worked so far so I pulled the trigger on the collar . It arrived about 3 hours ago and I put in on scotty . We went outside to test it out . Almost immediatly someone rode their bike by . Scotty ran towards the fence and barked twice , each time noting a small shock with a yelp . He 's quickly learned that barking at everything is n't a good idea.Tested it out on myself first , it 's relatively mild.I have n't been able to have any friends with children interact with Scotty due to his barking -LRB- while he would n't ever hurt a kid , his barking is intimidating -RRB- . I called my neighbours kid over and scotty now isnt barking , hes letting the kid pet him nicely.What a life saver .
 Excellent product , works quickly , remember to take off at night . My Poodle developed a slight red mark under neck , used warm water & soap it was gone in a day , did not hurt him at all . He does not bark with the collar on , even without the batteries , once he learned . I highly recommend , he was an incesant high-pitched barker .
 This training collar works well as long as the instructions are followed . This is a training tool and requires time and patience with your dog . DO NOT leave this collar on for extended periods of time ! This product is as advertised at a very competitive price . It is easy to order and arrives in a timely fashion .
 I purchased two of these for my two dogs and the barking immediately stopped . Now if they start barking , all I have to do is hold the collars up and ask them if they want to wear them , and the barking stops . I looked at similar products in stores and they started at 79.99 and went up from there . For the price , these collars are well worth the money .
 amazing product . can not stress enough how awesome this collar works . My neighbors now have some peace and quiet .
 I am actually buying this bark collar a second time because the first one finally gave out.The first time I purchased this collar my dog barked , once , then twice , and then did a kind of yelp bark.About ten minutes later she barked once again . And this is the great part , she NEVER BARKED AGAIN.She was a big barker.I only knew the collar broke because it has been over a year and she suddenly started to bark again , just a little and now she has figured out it wo n't zap her so she has started to resume her bad habits . So , I am ordering a new one.This is one good product and I highly recommend it .
 this collar worked very well until now , my dog has been using this collar for two weeks , no complaints from the neighbors .
 Product showed up before it 's scheduled date , felt like Christmas came early ! Put it on my dog , took him a few times to `` figure it out '' . Kids did n't like the effect , but we ca n't have it both ways ... annoying bark or a couple of uncomfortable days . I have raved to everyone to get one from Amazon ! We love coming into the house without feeling like we are robbing our own domain . Life is good ...
 I did n't think this would work as quickly as it did . Now when we have people ring or doorbell or knock on our door , we can have a civilized conversation . We went from non-stop full-forced barking to the occasional soft `` woof '' . We 're still on our first battery since I disconnect it when not in use . I would definitely recommend this product for those people that feel they 've ran out of options since it even worked on our stubborn dog .
 I bought this in July of 2009 and it is still working great -LRB- it 's now December 2010 -RRB- . It keeps our German Shepherd quiet when needed and the batteries last a long time . It just works -LRB- at least it sure does for our dog -RRB- . I can only remember replacing the battery once or twice during the time I 've had it , but we do n't use it every day.UPDATE 2011-11-29
 This collar has done just what we wanted it to do . Our labradoodle 's barking was becoming excessive . He was scared the first few times he went out with it on , so you need to be there to reassure them . He now has the collar on when ever we let him out in the fenced back yard and he does n't ever bark more than twice .
 Our ten-year-old lab mix barks at our teenagers and chases them up the stairs to make them do chores , brush teeth , stop fighting , etc. , and every morning he barks to get them out the door and onto the school bus . Enough !! It was cute when they were little , but now the kids are asking us to put down the dog . They 've had it ! Solution ? This collar . It was the best $ 32 ever spent . At first , he still barked a little . He had no idea what was coming ... and within a few days all we had to do was show him the collar and he piped right down . We eventually got to the point where he just no longer barks and we do n't even need to show it to him . We keep the collar hanging on a hook in the front hallway , just in case , as a reminder that if we need it , it will keep the peace !! I highly recommend this device and my advice is to remain patient because it may take a day or two -- some dogs are just stubborn .
 We have a rescue cockapoo who barked like crazy -LRB- and had other behavior problems -RRB- . My husband and I are pretty good at training dogs , so we were getting very frustrated that we were getting nowhere with our new little addition . After sending our pup for board-and-train , we got a call near the end of the two weeks asking us to leave him for another . But even after that third week , the training center had hardly been able to do anything with our little guy.The trainer told me that he had never seen a healthy dog with the level of anxiety that ours had and recommended anxiety medication for him . We use holistic medicine for our family and pets , so this was a tough call for us but something had to be done . After three weeks on the medication he started to calm down . Not completely , but enough to where my husband and I were finally able to work with him . What a relief . But even though we managed to get him mostly well-behaved , he still had -LRB- has -RRB- two problem behaviors , one of which is the inappropriate barking.It took a lot of reading and research to get us to actually purchase this collar . It 's tough to trust that this is humane , but we were finally convinced . As soon as we got it , we installed the battery and put it on our guy . We waited , and then thought maybe it was working ! And then maybe it was n't ... and then maybe it was ... Finally , we decided we were wishing improvement , but seeing none . So I got on the phone with the company to see what might be the problem . While on hold , I realized that they would ask me standard troubleshooting questions , so I 'd better be sure I had done everything correctly.First things first -- install the battery . Since the collar is waterproof , the battery is built-in to the waterproof cover . All you have to do is insert it and turn . Check . Done . Wait ... hmmm ... that does n't look like it 's turned all the way , but it 's tight . Got a coin and really turned . Click . Oh -- THAT 'S what locked in place is.So I hang up the phone and put the collar back on the dog . As luck would have it someone walked by the house . Bark ! Beep ! He did n't even wince , but whipped around to see what had just happened . Bark ! Beep ! &#34; Wow , what was that ?? &#34; It was almost funny . He clearly was n't in pain , just flabbergasted . It was amazing . The barking stopped immediately after that.I loved that I could hear a beep when the collar went off . It helped me to know what was happening and made it easy to evaluate his response . There 's no wince or whimpering , and that made me feel confident in the collar . The concept is that the shock is super-light , but gets stronger if they bark again within three seconds -LRB- I think that 's what I remember -RRB- . That way it works at the dog 's tolerance level -- it only gets stronger if he is n't impacted by the lighter stimulus.The electronics on the collar look huge , but it 's not bad at all . Be sure to get a good fit high up on the neck to keep it from drooping down . Our dog is a 24 # cockapoo and he 's not at all bothered by wearing the collar . The downside for us is that the collar is not training him to not bark . It has only been a bark deterrent because it only works when he 's wearing it . But I have to say , when you have a guy that just does n't &#34; get it &#34; , and that professional trainers find difficult to work with , you 're grateful for anything that gives you you sanity , and keeps the neighbors from hating you .
 we bought this for our 4 month old sheltie puppy . Cooper would bark at us constantly if we were n't paying enough attention to her or were n't doing what she wanted . We hesitated buying it yet since it recommends waiting until 6 months old but could n't wait any longer . The collar arrived within a week and just needed to be adjusted to fit her neck and the battery , which was included , to be put in . I pushed the switch on the bottom of the unit to the right to the on position and waited . While the unit seemed a bit large around her neck , she did n't seem to care much about it . When she barked , the results were sooo funny that we had to laugh more than punish ! She barked , puff in her face , she stepped back , shook her head , and sat . laughing , we said `` cooper , quiet ! '' Now 3 weeks later her barking is minimal while she is wearing the collar and she is n't as bratty with us . I 'm only giving it 4 stars because of the adjustable collar . I do n't like how it ca n't be replaced , it looks like we 'll have to buy a whole new unit when the collar wears out . It does spray when turned off , but no spray comes out , it just makes the noise , kind of strange . The battery has n't warn out yet , but we always remember to turn it off when not in use . The refill that came with the collar is easy enough to use as well . Just push the tip down into the hole on the top of the unit and hold for 15 seconds before each use to make sure unit is full . Next time we may consider the remote sitronela collar to stop other bad behaviors but it has cured her insistent barking . Thank you !
 I bought this for my daughters dogs that are staying with me for a while . Two miniature dachshunds , and it works great . Maybe just a little big on them but very affective . They have stopped being the little yeppers they once were .
 This is the only solution I have ever found for my problem barker . I tried everything , but when I found this collar , I found the answer . I rarely use it now that she has become accustomed to not barking at everything that moves . This has really changed my relationship with my dog . I like her a whole lot more now ! Thanks for a great product !
 This product is terrific . I always feel frustrated when neighbors ' dogs bark a lot and I did n't want our dog doing the same thing , but it turned out to be one of those frequent or even continuous barkers . So we purchased this item and we 're happy we did . It 's easy to use and works like magic . We 've had it for many months now and our dog never barks when the collar is on . You ca n't go wrong with this product !
 Within three days Rubie learned that it was better not to bark . Too bad we did n't know about this two years ago when she was only six months old . The collar is a humane , attention getting method for teaching your dog not to bark . We highly recommend this product .
 I received the Petsafe bark collar a couple days ago and my home has finally returned to PEACE ! My dog was born to bark ! She 's a 5 month old Golden Retriever that has been a huge barker since she was brought home at 6 weeks old . We could n't even go to the bathroom , take a shower , sit at the table or lounge on the couch without a wild barking fit that could only be stopped by giving her more attention . We tried everything from firm commanding , timeouts , ignoring , spray bottles , etc. . Everything just excited her more and caused even more loud barking ! I had always thought that bark collars were inhumane and cruel but after 3 months of constant frustration and anger I had to break down and give it a try . I tested the collar first on myself and was surprised how light the first few shocks were . After putting it on her it only took a couple seconds for the first bark to arrive . She was surprised , not hurt . She began to look around for what could have caused the shock . A few seconds later the next bark came out and she immediately realized that she could no longer pointlessly bark without some sort of consequence . Of course , we always take it off when playing , going to the park , going on walks , sleeping , eating , etc. I will say that if I could give this product 4.5 stars I would . It does n't always catch every bark and she finds it pretty easy to scratch it over to the side . I believe a few design modifications could fix this problem though . But , more often than not the collar catches the bark and sends her the adequate shock to disrupt her behavior . I am happy to say that she has only barked a total of ten times within the past few days -LRB- used to bark more than 200 times daily -RRB- ! Also , because she usually barked while doing other unwanted behavior -LRB- jumping on the couch , begging , nipping at heels while we walk around the house -RRB- the collar deters her from this too and she has begun to realize that she can no longer do these things either . It 's been great ! Everyone 's been happier , she 's a joy to be around more than ever , and she 's responding to all sorts of training even faster.I definitely recommend this product to anyone else with a bark-crazy dog that has been unresponsive to alternative training !
 I bought this item to teach my dog not to bark due to the fact i am moving into an apartment . It only took my dog a few hours that if he barks he gets shocked . He has not gone past level two . To make sure that it would not really hurt my dog i tried it on my self . Level two is strong and i know why my dog has not gone past that level . If you want your dog to stop barking buy this collar .
 I have a mini schnauzer and she barks non stop . I put the collar on her and she stops ! She knows if she growls loudly or barks , it will trigger the collar . I shocked myself with the collar just to test it and it 's no worse than when you get a little static shock from carpet . I was a little concerned by some of the reviews so I guess it just depends on your dog . She knows if she is n't wearing it she can bark , but when company comes over I put it on her and she growls softly , but no bark . This collar is worth its weight in gold for us !
 it works well on one of my dogs but does n't seem to work so well on the other . we only had to use it a few times before they understood to stop barking . i am glad we bought them .
 I have a 1 year old pitbull , who is very smart , playful , and obedient . However , he had a serious barking problem . Basically , every time he was let outside , he would run up to a tree and start barking at it . If the brids chirped , he would bark . If the wind blew a certain way , he would bark . If the neighbors little dog was outside , he would bark at it . Motorcycles or loud noises , more barks . He would even bark at the smoke coming off of the grill ! And not just one or two barks , but loud , incessant , annoying barking . He would stop when told to , but then would return to his barking ways in about 30 seconds . I was hesitant to get the shock collar , because i wanted to try to remedy the problem in a more natural way , but i just could n't stop the barking . But now I am happy to say that the collar worked even better then I could have hoped . In the week I 've had it , the dog has barked maybe 10 times , down from about the usual 500 or so . The dog learned very fast not to bark , and now he does n't even need to be wearing it and still wont bark as much . He does n't run around the backyard in a total state of mayhem anymore , ready to bark up a storm at any bird , fly , or gust of wind , which is just fine with me . I 'd reccommend this to anyone who had the same problem that I had .
 this collar works great . I have a dog that barks & will not stops untill you play w / him , this drove me & my family nuts . When my family saw the collar they were very sceptice that it would hirt the dog , but after reading the booklet that came with it i asurred them it was human . Will it worked , now when he gets wond-up and wont lisson to comands & he even see the collar in my hane , he backs bown . he still basrks without it , but it works when it 's on .
 I wanted this item as a gift for a retired friend of mine . Her dog has been getting the better of her since a forced move to an apartment . But I could n't afford the more expensive models . After reading the reviews I decided to give this a try knowing I could return if needed . She is thrilled with it and grateful.FYI this working well on a 100lb shepard .
 I have a 14lb fox terrier who barks at everything . I must say the collar works well after the first bark with the collar on she understands what not to do . Great construction on the collar pretty sturdy .
 The collar works great on my yorkie . He has figured out that he can whine before he gets zapped but it has curbed the barking whenever he has it on .
 I have a huge backyard and my dog likes to bark at woodland creatures . It 's the only time she does n't respond to `` quiet '' . I 've used this product before . It works well - she rarely barks after the `` warning '' . I had to purchase another one because it 's a little too small now.The only thing I do n't like about it is that I ca n't tell when I need to change the battery -LRB- the sensor is supposed to blink - but I 've never seen it do that -RRB- . I usually just change it when she barks more than three or four times while wearing it .
 My little guy , Rocky , a 16-year-old chihuahua mix , recently got a nasty note from a neighbor about his barking during the day when we 're at work . He 's losing his mind a little , and had gotten into the new habit of going out into the backyard at all hours of the day and night , including at 2am , to bark at NOTHING . I was frustrated because I 'd bought a sonic anti-barking device , but since he 's nearly deaf , it was n't very effective . I was worried about this no-bark collar since he 's small , but after reading some reviews , I decided , out of desperation , to try it.It TOTALLY worked ! I only used it off and on for a week or two and I do n't catch him barking anymore . He would usually bark twice , followed by what sounded like a scream -LRB- that was a bit rough -RRB- , but it only lasted a few times before he learned not to bark . Yay !
 We bought this collar for our strong willed six year old Maltese Shih tzu cross who would bark incessantly whenever someone walked past our house which is located on a corner . We 'd tried all the recommended things to change the behaviour without success which was annoying because he 's very well behaved at other times.We 've used the collar a number of times which resulted in him being shocked about six times in all and quietened him considerably . Our dog has a spinal/neck problem which appeared to be aggravated when he was shocked , probably because he jerked his neck at the time . However given the success we 'd had with the collar we decided to give it a try without the battery which worked just as well ! Now whenever he starts to bark we put the collar on without the battery and the problem is solved . We ca n't believe how easy it was to modify his behaviour because he really is a very strong willed dog!From a product point of view it seems to be well made , easy to adjust and fit , and it works , even though our dog has thick fur it did n't seem to matter . I suspect bark collars are one of those things that depend more on the personality of the dog than anything else but from our experience I 'd highly recommend this one !
 My dog has a very high pitched bark , that is very loud and I thought that this product would help out with that but it does n't , it only catches the barks that are deep . I do n't know how to describe the barks it catches , they are just deep low barks . It does n't correct her for the high pitched ones.So yes , it works and if my other dog had this problem it would be 5 stars and perfect all day everyday , but it 's not on that dog .
 I have to admit I was a little leery about using this product at first . We have a 6 month old Brittany who barked at every little noise and person that walked near our home . We followed the directions included with the collar and waited . The first time that she barked and got a `` correction '' she freaked out but we were able to quickly able to calm her down . After that incident she never barked more than once with the collar on , and now we have weaned her off of the collar after only 1 week . She no longer barks at every noise or the sight of people around the house . We made sure that she will still bark if she needs to .
 Our golden rethriever was barking and howling very often until I started using this wonderful product , thanks to the designer . With this collar our dog stopped barking and howling from the very first day . Everything was perfect until my elder son forgot the collar outside at a reachable position by our dog . It was too late when I saw it on the ground in pieces . :-LRB- Any way , I shall order this collar again because I do n't want to listen the complaints of our next door neighbours .
 Excellent product . Immediate result with two mini fox terriers . Over time seemed to alter their thinking as without the pressure to bark at everything that went past , they relaxed and became much calmer dogs .
 Our Yorkie was turning into a yapper ; after this bark collar he is an enjoyable companion . We do n't have to use the collar very often now because he knows what 's coming if he gets oout of control with his barking . Highly reccomend .
 This collar is simply amazing . We have two dogs , one of which barked INCESSANTLY . It was maddening . This collar stopped virtually ALL of his barking within one weekend . Now he really only barks when someone arrives , AND -LRB- and this is the important part -RRB- he STOPS when we tell him to be quiet -LRB- and this is WITHOUT the collar ! -RRB- I like that this collar is not triggered by sound , so other dogs barking , etc. will not shock -LRB- static discharge -RRB- the dog wearing the collar . He/she has to bark in order for the collar to shock . Also , I liked that the severity of the shock begins at a fairly low level and increases with repeated barking . While the first few experiences were upsetting , our dog quickly learned to respond to the low level shock , instead of continuing to bark and receiving the more severe shocks . I can not recommend this product enough.A few words of caution though :1 . Be sure to `` test '' it out when your dog is not placed in a hyper-excited state -LRB- i.e. , guests are coming over , etc. -RRB- where controlling him/herself would be almost impossible . I rang the doorbell intentionally when only my son and I were here , so he could get used to the feel of the shock when he did n't also have excess stimulation to contend with .2 . I would urge you never to leave this on your dog while you are out . Twice our dog continued to bark despite being zapped ... the first time he was truly scared and confused , and could n't get it together to stop barking . If I had n't been here to try to calm and soothe him , I am afraid it could have been really bad .
 I have a very stubborn female Boxer dog who only barks when she 's left alone when I 'm at work -LRB- otherwise she 's not a nuisance barker -RRB- . Unfortunately , we have a retired couple next door who had to listen to her scream and cry all day . I tried training her not to bark and I tried the `` high pitched sound deterrent '' birdhouse . Neither worked . I picked this collar up at WalMart and thought it was worth a try without having high hopes since it was so inexpensive . I was careful about how I fit it around her neck and only use it when I 'm gone during the day . It works ! She would bark once , and no more ! This means she 's only getting the first level of correction - maybe to the second . I actually tried the collar out on my own neck and while it was certainly surprising , it was not painful . Moral of the story
 good value and it works . I just wish there was a way to use the collar for correcting bad behaviors . It only works on barking activation
 Our puppy responded very quickly to this training product ! We bought this for my 7 month old mini Goldendoodle . She was getting into a habit of incessantly barking in our back yard at people and pets walking by . I began to think she liked to hear herself bark . We bought the collar after trying to correct her in multiple ways verbally . I put the collar on the first morning , while I could be with her for only a couple hours . I saw it correct her a couple times and she stopped barking after the about two barks . -LRB- I think it needed to get a strong enough shock for her to notice it -RRB- . I took it off and did not apply it again for a day or two , again when I could be there with her . That day she was barking more in multiple succession and by the forth-fifth bark she can running in the house to me looking distressed , but quiet ! I have to say though , I did not feel the need to put it on her again . From then on when we said `` no bark '' she came running in the house and was quiet . She has only barked a few times for only 2-3 barks at a time . She responds quickly to our commands . We felt we could not have asked for better results from this product.Our dog also has shaggy hair and the collar worked through her fur no problem . I just put in on her again today after at least a month as a reminder because she was barking more again past couple days . As soon as I put it on she did not bark again . I think she knows what it means !
 limited success with this - my dog responds to this ... sometimes . I will keep at it , as I 've noticed at least some change in his behavior !
 The collar works quite well . I ordered the collar because our dog would not stop barking during the day time . I really love my dog but we have an -LSB- ... -RSB- & neighbor who called the police and made a formal complaint . We had to go to a hearing and then to court . My son missed two days of college . My wife and I had to take two days of leave to go . Lucky for us we had a retired neighbor who was willing to testify that the dog just barks whenever people walk in front of our house . I was worried that the collar would hurt the dog but it 's more like a `` what the hell was that ... look '' . I suggest that if you buy this product that you put it on your dog while you are around to gage how the dog will react . Our dog still barks when we are home just at a lower tone . I would have never allowed the thought of a collar , that shocks the dog whenever he barks , to enter my mind but we were desperate .
 Our dog likes to bark if anyone is at the door . This always wakes the baby up and the people who knock also seem to come just after we get the baby asleep . So we picked up this collar . It worked very quickly and our barking problem was resolved .
 This bark collar is great and solved the problem the first day it was on the dog . I ordered a citronella collar previously on recommendation from our trainer and the citronella collar had no effect on the barking . Our 8 month old German Shepherd would run around the yard barking and the citronella would puff out of the collar but he could n't care less . Desperate to stop the persistent barking , I ordered the PetSafe collar . I put it on him the next morning after it arrived and left for work . Wife was in and out of the house all day and did n't recall any barking . I got home and we enjoyed the first full evening of quiet without having to go out and try to contain the barking . We heard one or two soft barks but anytime he attempted to let loose with a sustained string of barks he was corrected by the collar.Within 24 hours he was a new dog . Wife used to mutter how she hated the dog when he was barking but said he was cute and likable again the 2nd day of wear . It did not make him timid or afraid or have any other negative affect . The collar bases the correction level on how much the dog barks . A couple of spontaneous barks and nothing happens but a barking fit will give a good correction.To those who think a shock collar is inhumane , the shock is like you getting a static shock from rubbing your hand on carpet or a wool blanket in the dry weather . It does n't hurt you but you remember to avoid what caused the static shock since it is unpleasant . The next step was to have the vet do the surgical debarking procedure which I do n't think is very humane at all but no dog should disrupt the neighborhood with incessant barking . Buy the citronella collar if you want to give it a try but it does not work on some dogs . The PetSafe 102 worked exactly the way I hoped it would and we have a peaceful home again .
 bark collar works well , after a few times of using it , all you have to do is hold it up to the dog and the barking stops
 I have a 12 year old Chihuahua who never had a barking problem . A few months ago , some drunken / strung-out nutjob tried to break into my house in the middle of the night . Long story short
 This has got to be the best product ! I have a 3 year old male Dachshund , who thinks he is unstoppable . After researching and reading several blogs about other dachshund owners same issues I was told about this specific collar . I was worried about the weight since my guy is a mini and I did n't want stress on his neck or back . Many owners mentioned this exact model and praised it for this particular breed . If you do n't own a dachshund you know one and understand their need to let the world know they are around vocally . My guy constantly barked at kids in the back yard , anyone walking down the street , a leaf blowing in the yard ... . you name it he barked ... and we yelled , which of course did nothing but made it worst . I received this collar and once it was on he was off to charge the fence and bark from one end to the other ... the collar stopped him immediately . Its been a couple of weeks now and he does n't need it all the time but its sits around as a reminder to him , my little guy now finds it boring to hang in the yard without barking and finds other things too do , oh and the kids he detested and barked at constantly , do n't bother him anymore . My entire family is amazed at how much calmer and less of a spaz he is and actually seems to enjoy the yard and greeting people with a tail wag instead of a charging bark . My sister in law just ordered one for her little female dachshund because of how well it worked . Also , ordering it from Amazon with the free shipping was so much cheaper for me since I do live in Alaska .
 The collar was a little tricky to get fit correctly on the dog , since I was worried about making it too tight on her , and if she does n't bark loud enough it does n't register with the device . My dog is a dachshund/chihuahua mix and weighs 18 lbs . With that said though , it does n't have to be very tight , as long as the prongs are touching the dogs neck . The loud barks will be registered with the device , as indicated by an audible high pitch beep and a look of surprise followed by a jump backward by the dog . The manual recommends shaving the dogs hair where prongs touch the neck -- however with my dogs relatively short hair it was n't necessary . We 've been using it for about 2 weeks now , putting on the collar when we are home or going out for walks . Our dog has really seemed to quiet down and will rarely bark at passer-bys and other dogs -- prior to wearing the collar she was a nut and would bark at anyone in her line of sight and especially at other dogs . Overall I 'm pretty happy with the collar .
 Within the first few barks this collar stopped our lab from barking . Per the instructions , we do n't leave it on her all day or even close to 8 hours a day . She really only needs it in the early mornings and during the evening when there 's more movement from the neighbors . As soon as she starts barking we put it on her . She knows exactly what it is now ! She wo n't even test it anymore . To save the battery I would recommend unlocking it when it 's not in use -LRB- the instructions show you how -RRB- . We have also tried the collar that sprays citronella scent , but she got over that within the first couple of days . I did n't want to get any kind of shock collar , but it seems there is nothing else that will prevent our lab from barking . If you have a smart dog , it will only need one shock before it learns not to bark . If you have a dog that wo n't understand the connection between the barking and the discipline , I would do a little more research on bark training for your dog before you get this collar .
 I love this product . I have a shelter dog , quite needy , who tends to bark at anyone and everything that she sees at a far remote distance when she is outside on our porch . The bark collar stopped this barking , and we finally have peace and quiet in our home . The dog is also petrified of storms , to the point where she piddles all over the floor , shakes uncontrollably , and drools everywhere during a thunderstorm . We 've tried everything to get her to calm down - hugs , food , warm reassurances , etc - Nothing worked . Finally , I bought a strong metal crate -LRB- she tore her plastic cage to pieces -RRB- . Worked great - except for the barking . Now , when a thunderstorm comes , she goes in the metal crate , and wears the bark collar . It works great . I only have her wear the collar when she is outside , and when there is a thunderstorm . I ca n't tell you what peace and quiet this has brought to our house .
 My 44 year old daughter lives on our property with her two small dogs . Her Peke/daushound mix , Tiki , got into a very bad habit of barking constantly when outside . It was driving us all crazy . My dogs do n't bark . Finally I ordered the no bark collar and what a difference it made . She 's learning not to bark and everyone is back to loving her again . It does n't seem to hurt her , more startle her is the word I use . Thanks again-Debbie Laning
 I loathed the idea of getting a bark collar for my dog , but I was limited in my options . Anytime she was alone , she would howl and bark . I would spy on her from time to time to see what was causing the barking , and it was nothing . I literally caught her walk around our backyard , lie in the shade , roll around a few times to get comfortable , then begin howling while on her side ! After much hand-wringing , I decided to opt for this product.I had low expectations based upon some research I had done of bark collars overall , but this little guy worked magic . My dog wore it for one day and stopped her constant barking . Done . No mas . It has been several months since we purchased it , and she does need a reminder every now and then , but it has worked magic . She still barks when playing or when interacting with other dogs , but so no longer does her `` boredom howls '' as I called them.I would absolutely encourage anyone considering a bark collar to purchase this product .
 I was really not sure that this would work . When i finally recd it , with a barking dog 2 day shipping seemed like forever , and put it on our dog she loved it . Then she barked ... then she yelped once . That lasted less than a day . The next day all we had to do is show it to her and she stopped the barking , now very rarely does she bark and it is one bark and thats all . Money well spent . I am thinking of giving it to my neighbor !! This is the best device i have ever used . it is sitting in the drawer now most likely never to be used again .
 We bought this product for 1 of our dogs when I got a job working nights and the dog needed to be crated during the day . My little Bichon was not having it that he had to be in the crate during the day with me in the house -LRB- and not paying attention to him -RRB- and he continued to bark all the time he was in the crate . We could n't leave him out to have run of the house as he loved to have retaliatory `` accidents '' on the carpet . Needless to say , after a few weeks of sleep deprivation , we decided to try a bark collar . I would be in the house , so there would n't be any issues of him being unsupervised . We tried it out a few times before we used it exclusively when he was in the crate and it worked with no issues . After 2 days , no more barking while he was in the crate , after a couple weeks , we did n't even have to use the collar , he did n't bark without the collar on anytime he was in the crate . The only issue I have with the product is that it seems like you should be able to change out the battery , but there is no way to do so -LRB- and we tried -RRB- . You HAVE to buy the battery replacements from Petsafe , which I feel like is sort of a scam . We only need to use it sporadically when we visit family and he barks while in the crate -LRB- apparently he only thinks he ca n't bark in the crate while we 're at home -RRB- . The battery is supposed to last 3-6 months , so it 's not awesome for sporadic use . Otherwise , I wholely endorse this product .
 Pro :1 -RRB- It worked . My dog -LRB- after one use -RRB- knows what this is , and will not bark when he has this on.Con :1 -RRB- Wish the strap was elastic/elastomeric . For something that has to be a relatively tight fit around a neck , this seems uber-obvious2 -RRB- A little too sensitive ? My dog shocked himself when he sneezed one time . . i supposed advanced signal processing or a supplemental microphone to confirm bark detection would be ideal , but might be cost prohibitive ?
 I put this collar , which by the way is not the most powerful of all bark collars , on my 13 year old Shitzu . She barked like the first 3-4 days , now she does n't bark at all . Each day she barked less . We take it off of her at night.This collar is perfect for a dog less than 20lbs . For my Dobie I got a much stronger one , and therefore more expensive .
 We purchased 2 of these collars for our 1 year old Bassett Hounds . The collars work very good if you have friendly and or aggressive barkers . The hounds are very smart and learned within the first couple of days not to bark . You should order extra batteries with your purchase , otherwise you may have a hard time finding them at a good price at your local pet supply stores . Properly fitting the collars is very impotant so that they work well .
 My beagle , who has full access to our fenced in backyard , nearly lost her freedom because she would incessantly bark at any person or dog within earshot.I was timid about getting one of these , but after the initial shock she got from the first time we put it on , she never barked again . I knew she would be startled , so I stayed near her to calm her down quickly after she got shocked for the first time . At this point -LRB- over a year later -RRB- we probably could take the batteries out because she knows not to bark when it 's on.The collar length was more than we needed , but we were able to tighten it just fine , and I trimmed the end and hit it with a lighter so that it would n't fray . After all this time , she has n't managed to break it . It shows signs of wear , but it remains structurally sound . I check it every once in a while by rubbing the contacts across the counter to hear the beep to confirm the batteries are still working , and so far they have n't died .
 We used this collar on our cockapoo . We were a little concerned about using it because he is very sensitive , but we need n't have worried . This collar worked like a charm , and quickly!The first time he barked , he got the correction and yelped a little , mostly from surprise I suspect . Later he barked again , but immediately stopped . Since then , he has growled softly a couple times when the doorbell rings , which used to send him into an unstoppable barking frenzy . No more barking.We considered the less expensive options for a shock collar , but when it comes to something like this , you really need something of high quality and reliable . The training it provides is very powerful , and if the collar were defective , you would end up with the wrong behavior being punished , or a shock being meted out for no good reason at all . I also like the fact that it provides a progression of intensity if the dog continues to bark . A quick learner , like our dog , is not likely to ever experience anything beyond the second level . Once he felt the correction and accompanying beep , he learned very quickly to avoid it . The instantaneous nature of the correction allows the connection to be made in the dog 's mind between the barking and the shock , in a way that could not occur with any other form of correction.Using this collar is much more effective than trying -LRB- in vain -RRB- to stop a dog from barking by yelling at it . Our dog is very sweet and obedient , first in his class at obedience school . But he just could n't stop himself from barking when the UPS guy would bring something to our home or we 'd have a visitor , or the gardener working in the yard . He would bark and bark , and no amount of verbal correction would stop him until he got tired of barking . I tried using a throw chain , but it is nearly impossible to get the timing right when it comes to a behavior as unpredictable as barking , and it was n't stopping him from barking even when I did manage to be in position at the right time to administer a correction . This device did the trick instantly.Be sure to read the enclosed instruction manual carefully . The information should be fully understood and carefully adhered to . This is a powerful training aid and must be used properly . Be sure to check and recheck the fit of the collar , as it will need to be adjusted after it has been worn for a little while . In no case should a dog be left unsupervised while this collar is attached ! Our dog is very sensitive , but because the collar offers six levels of intensity , increasing only if the dog continues to bark , he has never had a problem with this collar . However in the instruction booklet , they state that if your dog is too sensitive for the collar , just contact them and they will send you a replacement part to adjust the intensity downward . If you follow the instructions and use it as intended , this thing can work miracles .
 Our Beagle likes to howl and bark on walks ... this has worked great to discourage that behavior . She is even able to show `` some '' restraint when she sees a rabbit now .
 I was at my wits end with my yappy little dog . -LRB- Half Chihuahua Half Rat Terrier -RRB- To say his bark is shrill and irritating is an understatement . Akin to nails on a chalkboard but worse . The dog is great when he is n't barking but it seemed like his barking was getting louder and more frequent as he has gotten older . After we placed the collar on his neck , he barked 3 times and that was it . After that nothing for several hours . Then he made a few barks when someone knocked at the door . Then it stopped . So now I have taken the collar off , he is calm and we have peace in the house . He just stopped barking , and has n't made a peep since . So five hours after first using it , I believe we are on the right track . I do n't know if he will remember tomorrow that barking causes him to experience a shock , but I will put the collar back on him if he needs it .
 This item works . After we received a couple of nasty phone calls from a neighbor , we knew we had to do something . We bought this hoping that the barking would be reduced , but the big surprise is that there is complete silence in the backyard . The dog occasionally barks -LRB- very rare -RRB- , but no more than twice before he stops . I wish we had bought this sooner . Thanks to the manufacturer for making a product that actually works and , better yet , forces our neighbors to find someone else to complain about .
 This collar works very well . I have two boxers , and received a note from a neighbor that the adult boxer barks constantly while I am gone . I have a dog door and a privacy fence , so he apparently just goes outside and barks at sounds and air . Not wanting to receive a fine from the city , I ordered one of these . I tested it with him , and it worked immediately . He got shocked 2 or 3 times when I rang the doorbell , and then stopped barking , and would not bark at the doorbell ! the best part is he is very aware of when he is wearing the collar , and has not lost a bit of personality ; he actually seems to take pride in putting the collar on -LRB- weird -RRB- . The people who say it is cruelty to animals clearly have not tried it on themselves -LRB- or they had a malfunctioning unit -RRB- . The zap that you receive is unpleasant , but really not that bad ; similar to those fake lighters you find at the joke stores or that zap game -LRB- the one where everyone holds a handle and has to hit the button when the light goes up -RRB- . What it does is teach your dog not to bark while he or she has the collar on . Dog trainers are very expensive , and non-refundable when their training does not work . I love my dogs , and I love that they are much happier now that they do n't get all worked up because they heard a car drive through the neighborhood . I just ordered a second one since my other dog is now old enough to safely use it .
 We purchased this for our 2 year old male Westie , to deal with his barking at the TV . We do n't let him wear it while playing or going outside , but he just could n't be in the same room with us if the TV was on , as he intently barked at it , reacting to movement , animals , singing , practically anything ! The collar certainly discouraged him from barking , as he basically had to `` look away '' in order to keep from barking -LRB- sounds like human behavior -RRB- . He still manages to growl at the TV though , as he has figured out how to make the maximum noise without setting off the collar . He has even barked less once the collar is off , but will ultimately still resort to barking knowing it is off . It has allowed him to be with us while watching television , provided we can deal with the growling , which the collar will not deter . For this reason , I could not give it 5 stars . I hated to resort to this , but we tried everything else recommended by a variety of sources . We figured , better to do this , and let him be with us , than to put him out of the room , which defeats the purpose for having a dog in the first place .
 For reference - our small dog is 6.5 pounds . The collar is so adjustable that it can fit any neck size -- the box does seem a bit bulky on her , but it does n't drag her down or anything and it serves its purpose.I am only giving 4 stars because the first time we put it on her , she barked , and it went off and she kind of looked around like `` what the heck was that ! '' and then she barked again , and she went NUTS and started whining and of course the thing thought she was still barking so it kept getting worse and worse and she was running around our apartment , and it actually brought me to tears it was so upsetting ! So , we took it off her and kept it off her for the rest of the night . She did not bark ONCE the rest of the night , even with it off.So here 's where you 're going to laugh at me - I was so upset that I tried it on myself . I tried to do it on my arm , but it is actually really sensitive and me yelling even right beside my arm would not make it go off . It had to have the vibration of my vocal cords - so good news if you have multiple dogs ! So , I did it to my neck ... and it 's not that bad at all . Just startling , and I can assume as a dog it would be scary . But really not painful - just a small buzz , I would n't even define it as a shock , more of a vibration . So I think I just have an overly dramatic dog , since it was n't very bad.I did some research the next day , and apparently that can be a really common first reaction - before they realize that the noise is what is causing the reaction from the collar . All of the advice said to keep it on - so against my reaction , I put it back on . We 've kept it on her for two weeks straight , and after that first night she has only slipped up and barked a few times , but when she does she 'll only bark once , get the ` light ' correction and then stop . She has never barked multiple times again for the correction to go up in intensity.So anyway , if your dog has a negative reaction at first , just be persistent - like in our case , it was getting to the point of whether or not we could keep the dog , if she did n't stop barking , and no training would work -LRB- seriously , I tried everything -RRB- . She is just a drama queen , and now after two weeks she is totally fine and rarely notices it 's even on her.Edited on 2.11.13 - we 've had this for all of three weeks and the battery already died . I know that 's not the actual product , that 's the battery life , so it does not affect my original rating . But buy some extra batteries when you purchase this !
 First , I hate bark collars . I hate when they 're used as a crutch by lazy owners who want to leave their dogs out all the time , but do n't want to have their neighbors complain when the dogs voice their boredom . I 've always been against shock collars . Then I adopted a 10 yo , stubborn ox of a dog who would not stop barking . I really do n't think she realizes that she is barking half the time , she just gets in the zone and keeps going . It was awful , absolutely awful . And mind you , I do NOT keep my dogs in the yard for extended periods of time . I let them out to potty -LRB- and play if the weather 's nice -RRB- , but they live indoors . She just needed to be outside for a minute or two before something caught her attention and the ridiculous barking started -LRB- and would n't stop -RRB- . I strongly suggest to anyone with a dog that barks to try some training to see if you can curb the barking . Dogs bark ; they 're dogs . I have three dogs , and I had never considered a bark collar for either of the others , even though they would bark sometimes . If the barking got out of hand , a scolding from me would stop it . No big deal . The third dog defied all training attempts , and in the end I caved in and got a bark collar.First , I tried a citronella collar that would spray under her nose when she barked . That worked for less than a week before she decided she did n't care - barking was much more fun . I did n't like that the spray collar would not give a warning before spraying , either . With this Petsafe collar , when the dog barks , they are given a warning vibration . If they choose to continue to bark , the vibration turns to a low correction and escalates . Most dogs should respond after the first warning , or else the first correction . Mine usually does . Actually , she got to the point where she knew what having the collar on meant , and she just did n't bark . It 's an absolute miracle . *** PLEASE *** Not all dogs are meant to have these devices used on them . I still strongly believe that . One of my dogs is a very soft dog that easily has her feelings hurt -LRB- she is neither scared nor submissive , just soft -RRB- . I would never , ever put this collar on her . I have no doubt it would cause fear issues , and I beg of anyone who is looking to buy this collar -LRB- or anything similar -RRB- to consider all options before subjecting your dog to physical corrections . Know your dog and what such things will do to it . The dog I use this collar on will come to me , tail wagging , to get the collar before she goes outside . She knows what it does and chooses not to act in a way that will get her corrections.NOTE
 I was really nervous about getting a `` shock collar '' but this has been wonderful . My puppy is 30 lbs and barks at nothing , waking up neighbors and driving me crazy . She learned very quickly not to bark when the collar is on her but she isnt afraid of it or anything when i put it on . The only negative is that the collar is too big - i had to rig it so it would fit properly .
 We ended up getting this training collar b/c my dog would start to bark and would n't stop ... living in an apartment building with thin walls - it does n't go well for our living situation . I like this product b/c it gives your dog a warning beep if they bark once and then it will give her a static shock . I will admit that I am not the biggest fan of shock collars but I tried it and it was a little stronger then someone rubbing their feet across the carpet and then touching bare skin . I does startle the dog and she did jump and looked a little confused but it has been a great training item . I do not keep it on her all day but only when she starts to get really crazy and I can tell her barking fits are about to start but she has learn very quickly and does n't bark in the house anymore - only after a few uses . My only wish is that I had control over the shock level .
 This is a must have if you live within the city limits , have fussy or close neighbors in proximity to your yard , or have a strict home owners association that prohibits excessive dog barking . I am a lab breeder and own 3 of these units . I am very pleased with the performance and function of this product because it stops `` nuisance barking '' by administering a minimal buzz that gradually gets stronger the longer the dog barks the lowest setting delivers your common `` prankster hand buzzer '' volt . And if your too squeamish about buzzing your dog , there is a `` lemon spray '' version of this exact brand that also works well too . Instead of delivering a buzz , it puffs a lemon deterant near the snout . For more stubborn dogs , the buzzer seems to work better . In no way is this harmful to your dog , but rather more humane discipline than verbal or physical correction by you , the owner . I believe all dogs are pleasers and want you to be happy with them . If your dog does n't have a bark collar , most people tend to over correct or not be completely steady in the level of correction being a swat on the hind end , hopefully nothing more abusive , or other methods . The end result is your dog barks when your not around . That 's why these collars work so well , it adjusts and corrects only as needed , and with as little force as needed , and will never over correct , or over punish , like we humans sometimes do when we 're angry or sleep deprived due to a BARKING DOG !!!! By using this bark collar , the dog , in a sence , is making a choice whether or not it wants to continue barking incesantly , which is a much better training technique . This collar will still allow them to bark , do n't get me wrong , but the ongoing nuisance barking will cease . These collars work great and allow more opportunities for us to reward the dogs for good behavior instead of correcting them for barking constantly . You 'll love your dog more and he 'll love you more too by being a good owner and keeping everyone happy . I would definitely buy more of this brand if my other units get damaged somehow .
 I gave this product 5 stars because it definitely works as advertised . Be forewarned , however , that your dog 's reaction may vary greatly from others . We purchased two . On the one dog , it worked great - after a few weeks of training , she stops barking as soon as we take out the collar and stays silent . For this dog , the device is worth it 's weight in gold ! The other dog , however , had very bad experiences - when she is shocked , she cries -LRB- she has a weird bark/cry/growl -RRB- , but the device thinks she is barking and continues to zap , and she becomes a wreck . Thus , we ca n't use it on her , but on the other dog it works great.A few other notes
 My recently adopted , very excitable dog has had the collar on a total ofmaybe 3 hours over two days . Already , * without * the collar on , he hasabsolutely stopped barking at -LRB- a -RRB- the vacuum cleaner , -LRB- b -RRB- the neighbor ` sperpetually yapping -LRB- instigator -RRB- dog right on the other side of thefence , and -LRB- c -RRB- squirrels -LRB- real or imagined -RRB- in the trees behind thehouse . The transformation is absolutely beyond belief . Get over any `` Ido n't want to hurt my baby '' thing you may have going on - I did too - and buy this product if you have a barking problem . I 'm floored by howeffective this thing is and wish I 'd known about it years ago . I realizethat training is n't complete at this point but I 've seen instantaneousand really dramatic improvement . Good luck and I hope you have even halfthe success I 'm having with this product . Note to those who got a defective one - try again!Added 2 days after my initial review - it gets better ! Tried this on my other young dog , adopted a month or so earlier , who is pretty good about barking except while I 'm preparing her food . Then , she barks like crazy and runs back and forth . It 's cute and no problem at my house , but it 's not cool when we 're visiting my mom 's apartment in a retirement community . I stuck the collar on her before starting food prep tonight and got two -LRB- count 'em ! -RRB- barks during the entire prep process . Normally I would n't be able to count the frantic , nonstop barks during food prep . This change was astonishing.I have become more aware of the need to be on top of things since I have two relatively young and energetic dogs . They may go from a `` barking 's not good now '' situation -LRB- barking at the fence at passerby -RRB- to a `` barking 's OK now '' situation -LRB- chasing each other around the house -RRB- pretty quickly . You need to be ready to take off -LRB- or put on -RRB- the shock collar at such transitions during training . But I 'm finding that even occasional concentration on this is yielding bigtime resuts faster than I would have ever believed .
 When my husband suggested that we get a bark control collar for our Pitt/Australian Shepherd mix , I nearly cried because I knew he was right . She was disturbing the whole neighborhood with her barking , and we knew that our tolerant neighbors would only be tolerant for so long.I searched for hours doing research , trying to find the right collar , and I decided on this one for one main reason
 I have two dogs that seem to love to bark at any and everything ! So I bought two collars to try and train them.Here 's what I found ... . The both work great as long as you follow the instructions as far as collar tightening and hair trimming so as to make a good connection.What has upset me is that one collar has stopped working after just two 12 hour periods of use.I have switched batteries between both collars and it is n't the batteries.So ... I would recommend it , but just be aware that they must be fragile because one stopped working after a very short time .
 I 'm a trainer who was skeptical as to whether this rather low-priced collar would be effective on a German Shepherd , but I 'm pleased!My dogs are n't nuisance barkers , but are territorial and did n't like getting a new neighbor & sharing our fence with his dog . I bought one collar for my female - the ` lead ' barker . After just a few zaps from ` God ' , she got the idea and no longer barks . The gradual correction levels give her warning enough that she sometimes still gets off a bark or two before pushing her luck . and she 's still able to whine a grumble a bit without getting corrected.MOST IMPRESSIVE is the fact that the collar somehow wound up in a cooler at our Christmas party , submerged in water for about 3 days before it was found . It still worked perfectly!I 'm getting a second collar now for my male , who has decided to take over where the female left off . While I still have some additional problem solving to do to keep them from running at the fence with the neighbor dog , this collar at least keeps it quiet and less aggressive.I do n't believe this type of collar will solve every barking problem , but for my target issue , I 'm pleased .
 I have a yorkie that barks constantly at any noise he hears . His barking was so bad that my neighbor complained of him barking all night . I tried everything from `` sonic '' bark inhibitors -LRB- that everyone could hear -RRB- to citronella spray collars and nothing worked . The sonic noise did n't bother him , and he realized that the citronella would run out , so he barked till it did n't spray anymore . I bought this bark collar with no hopes of it actually working and was pleasantly surprised . It stopped him from barking and kept him from barking even when I took it off of him . Now he knows when the collar goes on , no barking . I have never been so pleased . I highly recommend it .
 PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark CollarWe had our one-year-old yorkie for 2 weeks before he began nuisance barking and by 2 months , thought it might be impossible to retrain him . Apparently , it was a habit he developed prior to our adoption . We tried several other training methods and felt like this was the only option left to help him fit in with our quiet family . By the time we received the collar , our 4-year-old retriever had picked up on the bad barking habit -LRB- after being relatively quiet for the 2 years we 'd had her -RRB- . We figured if this training method worked , we might have to get her a no-bark collar too . We read the instructions and followed them to the letter . It took the yorkie a couple of days to completely understand the correction system , but he accepted it . Remarkably , as soon as he could keep the barking in check , the retriever calmed down , too . We no longer have to run into the yard to stop them from scaring the neighbors , wake in the night to incessant yelps , or come home to explosive barking . Our friendly , loving dogs are playful and quiet again . We continue to reward self-control with positive reinforcement and hope that the results wo n't be short-lived -LRB- as some other reviewers have described -RRB- . Ideally , this training tool will help develop a life-long change in how he interacts with the world , but so far he definitely will bark when the collar is not attached . He has been wearing it when in the yard , at night , and when we are away from home for short periods over the past 4 weeks .
 We resisted buying the shock collar as long as we could , but we are happy that we finally did it.Our dog , an extremely docile , well-behaved beagle/pointer mix , has one bad habit
 This works . Within 1 day of wearing the collar , 99 % of unwarranted barks have ended . Alert barks still happen as a dog is supposed to . My 2 dogs - one Lhasa Apso , one Labrador type mutt - both responded favorably . Also good for the bigger dog who has a bit of apprehension around strangers , and likes to bolt to them and bark ! My wife and I are gone 6-8 hours every day , and the dogs have access to 1/2 the house , and the porch -LRB- townhouse type environment -RRB- . We were receiving complaints from neighbors about the dogs barking . One day later , they are quiet.Also this unit is very well made - rubber coated - , and waterproof - not cheap plastic and breakable . Highly recommended .
 I adopted a dog from a rescue and he is a great dog . He 's very calm and trained well but after getting him home and used to his surroundings he started to bark . And he did it only for attention . Everytime I left him in the yard , he barked for me to come back out . I tried everything from trying to correct him verbally to putting a muzzle on . Eventually I bought this product and it was the best thing I ever did . I did feel a little bad at first because it did scare him . But he learned not to bark . I 've only had the collar for 3 weeks now and I do n't even have to put it on him anymore . He just stopped barking . Every once in a while he 'll need to use it but it is n't very often . It 's a great product for the price and has really made our relationship better !
 I tried all suggested methods to stop my Cavalier 's barking -LRB- at nothing and for no reason -RRB- before purchasing this collar . The first day of wearing it , he barked . Result was not a yip , just straight up with all four feet . Spirit is a fast learner and did not bark again . I 've been wearing it on him for an hour or so each day and let it lay out in sight the remainder of the time . Success and quiet ... thinking of pursuing a `` rent a collar '' business !
 This has helped slow down my dog 's barking . She knows what happens when I put the collar on , so when she starts barking excessively , I show her the collar and she stops . Works well .
 I found out that my two border collies would bark constantly when I was n't home for various reasons -LRB- being territorial/protective , boredom , chasing squirrels , separation anxiety , etc. -RRB- . I purchased two of these collars and at first they seemed to work great . However , within a few weeks they both learned how to outsmart it ! The shocks are triggered by consecutive barks . In other words , if a dog barks once it does n't do anything . A dog would have to bark three times in a row for it to be triggered -LRB- which eliminates unnecessary shocks -RRB- . My dogs figured out the trigger and thus learned how to avoid it . They then would bark twice , wait for a little bit , and then bark twice again . So , they would still bark but in 2 bark intervals . Needless to say the collars stopped working when my little Einsteins figured out how it worked !
 seems to work for my little pug . he was really scared when he was zapped the first few times , but now he wont bark when the collar is on , and when he 's not wearing it he barks less .
 I have two beagles ; one is a barker . I was a little hesitant to purchase this collar but I bought it and found out IT REALLY WORKS !! You have to get over the fact that it gives them a small shock . Now all I have to do is show her the collar and she wo n't bark . I only have to use it occasionally . I think this is the best price for any anti-bark collar you will find on the Internet ; most of them run $ 69 to $ 89 .
 Worked perfectly on our 9-month old 28 pound dog . He barked and whined incessently from 2AM until 6AM . This collar stopped that after the first night of wearing it . We used it each night for two weeks just to reinforce what he quickly learned . It has been a lifesaver . I 've tested the collar myself -LRB- if you pick it up and shake it too hard it will deliver the first shock -RRB- and it is a very humane slight shock . Nothing to worry about . You get much worse from fleece or blankets . Each dog reacts in their own way , which is why it may not be effective with every dog . But in our case , it worked when it should have , and did n't go off at the wrong times . It was well worth the purchase price . I had previously bought the Petsafe untrasonic tabletop device that did not stop the barking at all .
 I have a Jack Russell and did n't think anything could stop him from barking . The first day i put the collar on he was a little confused but was ok with it . It took one time for the collar to go off and the barking was finally fixed . He does get one or two barks in before it goes off but thats it . Ahhh silence for once .
 I bought this for my terrier dog , and to my amazement , it really does work ! I reccomend this for anyone who wants to control that annoying ` bark ' . We tried the sonic one , and it was a joke ! It actually had my dogs barking even more . Thanks Petsafe for this awsome device which allows us to keep our dog !! PSSo , my husband did remind me to let you guys know that the 1st time the collar was put on , it came as a real shock to her . She cried and made it go off even more , which initially scared me , but after that 1st time , she was OK . She has only barked a few times since , but mainly that ' 1st initial shock ' really did it .
 This collar definately works . My 2 year old Lab would always bark at the front door , doorbell , visitors , etc. . Using the collar has cut down on this tremendously . But now -LRB- one month later -RRB- I 'm not sure if the thing still works . Maybe the battery is dead ... or not . I tried testing it on me , but I was n't able to get any kind of electrical response . How do you test this anyway ? Still and all , it has done what is was advertised to do , and for that I 'm very happy .
 I have a Cairn Terrier who barks at anything that moves . This collar works wonderful . He may bark once or twice but he never continues . I highly reccomend it .
 This was the answer to our barking problem . We have a Sheltie that likes to run up and down the fence line . We have a 6ft stockade fence that is about 70 feet in length . Anytime another dog or person is on the other side of the fence our dog would run up and down the fence and bark at the stranger -LRB- dog or human -RRB- . It would n't matter what time of day it is ... bark , bark , bark ! Along comes the no bark collar ... . our dog ran up to fence , barked once , looked back at me as if something was n't right , barked again and received a stronger shock , whined and whimpered a bit , and came running back to the porch . He is now a pussy cat . He occasionally will run the fence line and growl a bit , but no more barking ! We 've had the collar a month now and we are very pleased . We do n't even have to put the collar on all the time now and he still does n't bark . Problem solved and money well spent .
 It took only a couple of weeks and now my Doberman is a well behaved big do who only barks when it is appropiate as opposed to all the time .
 This product is great . We have a walking path behind the house so people , dogs , and bicycles go by the backyard 14 hours a day . Our dog was therefore barking 14 hours a day . We bought the collar only for use in the yard since that is when he barked.This collar is a blessing ! Our dog figured out that if he did n't bark he did n't get shocked on the first try . He just ran over to me , gave me a funny look , and went right back to playing in the yard . For the most part he has stopped barking all together regardless of when the collar is on . We can finally enjoy sitting on the patio with the dog and without cringing every time someone passes by . Because of the gradual increase of the collar , he has figured out that he can bark once every so often . This does n't bother me as we just wanted to stop the non-stop hour long barking fits.The 4th day he had the collar on , I put him out and was vacuuming my car . I should have watched him through the blinds before I went to the front yard , but I thought everything would be okay . The dog barked at something and got scared . Since I was n't there , he stayed scared and kept barking despite the collar . I imagine he was barking for 30 seconds to a minute before I heard him and got to the backyard . When I got to him he was very scared and shaken up . I took him to the vet and she said that he was fine , just scared.In short , it 's a great product and absolutely wonderful for piece of mind and preserving your relationship with your neighbors . However , do n't leave your dog alone with the collar on until you know how he reacts when he ca n't see you .
 After a neighbor left a message that I must be on vacation -LRB- I was n't -RRB- since my dog was quiet I decided that it was time to do something . My seven year old beagle loves to `` tree '' squirrels and will sit and bark/bay all day while the squirrel remains in the tree . We already had an electric fence collar on him to keep him in the yard so I was skeptical about getting another collar , but this bark collar is terrific ! Squirrels are stilled `` treed , '' but now my beagle just sits quietly at the base of the tree.The bark collar is very gentle and gives just a reminder buzz once the dog figures out what is going on which really only took my beagle a few minutes . The only problem I have is that the batteries do n't last long and you can only get them at a pet store or through an online service such as Amazon . Otherwise this is a great and humane way to curb a loud dog .
 After the back and forth from the manufacturer and finally getting a unit that worked I am satisfied with it . Customer service is friendly and knowledgeable . I would recommend this product . It seems to work on my Dachshund .
 I 'm pleased with these bark collars and I recommend them to anyone who needs one . It 's not easy to see your pet get hurt but it was n't so bad with this . As a matter of fact , for me it worked the first time . My dogs do not bark when they have these collars on since the first time I used them . Now , everyone once in a while they forget but they get a subtle reminder with the first level of warning . They do n't wear them all the time and they hardly ever bark now . Hope this helps .
 I ca n't say long term how well this product will do , because I have only had it a couple of hours , but my Jack Russell Terrier has only barked twice since I put it on him . At least for the moment , my house is quiet and I love it.Now I can give my dog positve loving attention instead of the negative attention I was giving him because of his incessant yapping.I bought replacement batteries after a year , and the collar did n't seem to work as well as it did right out of the box . I figured the batteries were n't charged so I check them with my volt meter and they showed the correct voltage , so I do n't know what the problem wasI turned around and bought a second identical collar and it did n't work as well .
 i almost got rid of my puppy before i got this collar , the neighbors were complaining about him and he was driving me nuts - this product has helped so much with his constant need to hear himself bark - do n't get me wrong he still barks , he just does n't bark incessantly anymore - if you are at your wits end - get one !
 So far this device has worked well to curb our 6 month old dog 's nightime barking habit -- the tiered shock appears to work within the first couple of barks .
 The collar worked as advertised.We had been wary of what would happen to the dog when it went off as she barked . She was confused and wimpered a bit . With her it made her come closer to us in the back yard and stay away from the areas where she would go bark , so it did it 's job and did n't hurt the dog .
 I purchased two of these collars , one for each dog and it has helped immediately . I like how it warns them before they get punished too .
 The collar stopped all barking the first day . I was amazed at how quickly it worked , but more importantly how it very rarely goes off . My dog is a Jack Russell ; wired very tight but he just seemed to understand . After a few weeks he does n't have to wear it much at all .
 What can I say ? I put it on my dog and soon , it got the point . The first time the collar worked , to be sure , she yelped , it seems more from surprise at the not-so-pleasant jolt than pain , because once I removed it she was ` normal ' -LRB- I know my dog , if it had hurt bad she would have cowered and hid under the piano -RRB- . Still , I tried it on myself , and have to say I 'll not do it for fun . It 's a dull thud kinda feeling . I feel that , if you have to resort to this instead of the citronella spray collar , might as well ensure it is effective ! Anyhow . A stranger showed up , she barked , the thing worked , she yelped , tried to run away , realised that does not work , and shut up . It happened a second time , it yelped again but this time did not run away . After that , I only have to put on the collar -LRB- when expecting guests -RRB- and she understood what it meant . While it seems big for my 6 kg dog , it 's fairly light , did not seem a big deal . For the dog owners , I would say it 's not a particularly cruel thing to do , especially if your dog is smart and gets the point . In fact the collar is not activated much -LRB- I do n't put it on her all the time -RRB- , the mere sight is sufficient to get the message across that I do n't want her to bark .
 This water-resistant , PetSafe No-Bark Collar works well for large dogs for two main reasons . The first is that it provides a warning beep after the first bark to let the dog know that the buzzes and shocks will follow if he/she barks more . In this way , it trains the dog not to bark after one bark . The dog learns fast that it is NOT OK to bark . This worked well in my apartment for a neighbor who complained about my barking dog . The second reason that this was better than other collars is that I did n't have to worry , for the hours -LRB- no more than eight hours -RRB- that I had to be away , that the collar would shut off automatically and begin again after a certain number of barks and a certain amount of time , so that if my dog was in distress and needed to bark , the collar would n't keep shocking him . The collar will also reset after the dog has been quiet for awhile and will begin with the warning beep and get progressively more punitive with each bark . In this way , it gently corrects at first and gives a dog a chance to avoid the shocks altogether -- if they get quiet after the warning beep and the first trick - buzzer-like shock .
 Did not work for my beagle . It more massages his throat than anything . It looks extremely uncomfortable and it did n't stop the barking .
 This is not a complicated device with all sorts of technicalities and buttons to press so you can adjust this or adjust that - which is the reason for four stars and not five . It 's real simple
 We have a great dog , friendly as can be but goes absolutely crazy when in the backyard when another dog goes by . Well after 3 barks wearing this new collar , those days are over . I only wish we had done this earlier . The dog is just as happy , jumpy and fun loving , but without driving us -LRB- and our neighbors -RRB- crazy . Buy this collar now !
 At first I thought the PetSafe No-Bark Collar , PBC-102 that I bought from Amazon.com on Mar. 14 , 2012 was such a good deal until I noticed the battery it came with and the four new ones I bought at the same time were going bad within 24 hours . So I took everything to Petco in Coeur d'Alene Idaho to see if it was the batteries or the unit it 's self ; it turned out to be collar unit was draining the batteries . Petco was so good to me they sold me a new unit on sale and refunded me for all the batteries . Then to top it off I noticed the Amazon.com collar did n't have a `` Pat Pending '' number like the Petco one did . It just had a white piece of tape over the area that would normally be a number . I feel I got ripped and know of no way to get satisfaction or a refund to say the least . So those of you who have been complaining about the so called new batteries going bad right away ; you may have a bad collar unit ... or both . Good luck !
 My non stop barking dog was getting on my last nerve . I could n't sleep with all the barking at night . She 's a larger dog approx 60lbs . I put the collar on her only once and she got the point it 's been about a week now and she behaves great no more barking at night . It works like a charm . Worth every penny !
 Yes , you want your dogs to bark when it is appropriate . They do n't have to go crazy over every person who walks through the door , however . This collar has done more to stop my terrier mix from barking than anything else we have tried . We used it consistently in the beginning -LRB- for about a week or two -RRB- then gradually she learned when not to bark . If she ever starts the superfluous barking , we simply put it back on . When she first got the shock , it seemed dramatic - she yelped and cried . But she figured out quickly that if she does n't bark , she does n't get the shock . This product served its purpose . Note
 I really did n't want to go the route of the static shock collar but we had tried many things , squirt bottle with water , shaking a tin can with coins , walking and turning them away from the cause of the barking , really those things did n't work with my dogs they are just persistent at making their voice heard . Just took a very short time and It works ! Two of my girls are no longer yappers , the third will get her new collar soon and there will be peace in the neighborhood.PetSafe No-Bark Collar , PBC-102
 We have two Labradors who just barked their fool heads off for no reason at all . -LRB- We know Labs talk a lot , and we did n't mind their warning of strangers barks or play barks , just the completely useless barks at the air , sky , bees , whatever . -RRB- We bought them each a collar and within 10 minutes of them wearing them , it was blissfully quiet in the backyard . We associated the words , `` No Bark '' with the correction , and now they can even go outside without them and if they hear `` No Bark '' they do n't bark ! The shocks were enough to get their attention , but not harm them . -LRB- and yes , my husband tried it on himself first ! -RRB- It works very much like an invisible dog fence that gives them a beep if they get too close and a little `` reminder '' if they cross the line . I would highly recommend this collar correction system .
 The product works great , but it seems really clunky . We have Jack Russell Terriers and we live by a dog park . Our dogs would bark until they were exhausted , and our neighbors hated us . We had to either move , have the dogs have vocal cord surgery , or make them wear bark collars -LRB- we tried all types of training but they are JRT 's and they do what they want when we are not at home -RRB- . I tested it out on myself , and yep it gave me a zap . It did n't hurt , but it got my attention . Our dogs are smart . They do n't bark when they have the collars on . They know they can bark when the collars are off though . I just wish that they made a smaller unit , with a bit smaller prongs . The battery has lasted 3 months already in both . The battery compartment is hard to open , and the plastic is weak -LRB- we broke the plastic edges in the very beginning just getting it open for the first time -RRB- . They latch securely . One downside has been that because the collars beep as a warning , our dogs now fear the microwave . An upside has been that due to the beep , our dogs know to leave when they hear the smoke alarm beep .
 My little schnauzer barked twice & now is peaceful ! Worked fast !!! After weeks of shrill barking at inappropriate times , we now have peace in our home & my dog is much more calm . Poor little guy is 14 deaf and does not see well so any change in activity/movement would set him off . This chilled him back out . It 's great to see him relaxed and not on edge barking all the time .
 I used one of these collars on my Whippet and my mom used one on her Terrier mix and they worked perfectly . No bad reactions from either pup , worked as hoped . I now have a beautiful Labradoodle who loves to bark at absolutely nothing . . I 've worked with a trainer , but she just wo n't stop so I bought this collar . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because , I think , her hair is too thick for the short prongs to go through to her skin . I 've seen collars that have 2 sets , short and longer , but this has only short prongs . This makes it barely effective , it only worked once all afternoon and evening while she barked many times .
 We have a dauchshund and boy can our dog bark incessantly ! Out of desperation we bought this collar . I love the results . Our dog only had to be reminded by the beep and the first level shock a couple of times , and now we do n't have a problem . My only concern with this product is that if I leave the collar on when the dog comes in and shakes off the snow , it will beep and shock our dog . I have to quickly take it off before the dog shakes off the snow.Otherwise , this was a stress saver .
 This collar is a miracle . We have a large -LRB- 90 lbs -RRB- , active dog who barked constantly out of pure exuberance - when he was excited , when he was bored , when he wanted to `` talk '' . We hired a trainer , tried positive training , then tried teaching him `` no barking '' , then got a series of citronella spray collars -LRB- He loved them , barked on purpose so he could play with the spray -RRB- . Our neigbors complained constantly -- jeesh , I complained constantly.Then we got this collar , and it 's been silence ever since . Our life has transformed.One caution - the collar instructions say to leave it on 2 weeks , but when we took it off , he barked once , discovered he did n't get shocked , and set off an amazing volley of barks for fun !! Collar went back on immediately . Now -LRB- over a month later -RRB- , however , it 's the collar itself that stops him , the batteries are long since dead .
 I bought this product because my little terrier mix barked at EVERYTHING and EVERYONE ... it was just down right embarassing to even take him outside to do his buisness . He 's 20 lbs and would bark at people like he was a big pitbull or something . I couldnt take it . I purchased this collar because i read how it didnt just give them one big shock . . it progressed with the shock levels as the dog continued to bark . I only put it on him when i take him outside . I still want him to understand if he 's in the house and hears noises i want him to bark kind of as a guard dog . After the first 3 times it worked . At first he thought it was me that was shocking him and he 'd jump up on me like a little baby , sorry fo rwhat he 'd done . but then he got used to it , he doesnt bark anymore . however , if i take him out without that collar on he will `` test '' it and let out a little bark to see if he can get away with it . But my husband and i have noticed a huge difference in him . He doesnt bark at everyone anymore . I love it !! I would definently reccomend it !
 I have a standard poodle and live right on a corner . There are quite a few dog walkers in our neighborhood and every time someone walked by with or without a dog my poodle would go wild . I can appreciate a bit of barking , but she would go out of her mind and get our other dog all worked up too . She would also chase cars up and down the fence line barking too.All it took was one time out with this collar and it did the trick . After she barked once , she got the static shock and she stopped . It 's easy to put on and take off and I have noticed that she does n't chase cars anymore and is is quieter inside without the collar on.It 's a great price and a great product . Wish I had gotten it earlier !!
 Works great for our Jack Russell/Dachshund mix . He figured it out on the first day . If he starts barking like crazy now , we just put the collar on him and he stops immediately . It 's the only thing that has ever worked on him .
 My neighbors were complaining -LRB- loudly and often -RRB- whenever the little guy -LRB- a bold mini-dachshund -RRB- went out into the back yard . I have a dog door and a fenced yard , and when I 'm away , it 's important that he be able to `` walk '' himself . I bought the bark collar on others ' reviews , hoping I 'd be among those who have rave reviews . I do ! A changed dog . This works ! Five stars as far as I 'm concerned !
 I have a 5 month old lab mix and it worked perfectly on her . She would bark for hours on end when I was gone , and I put this on her one day and she 's not barked since . Will not work on small dogs -LRB- she 's over 30 lbs . -RRB- and sometimes when she shakes , it will move so that it wo n't work anymore.Overall , it 's been wonderful . I only had to use it a couple times and she learned very quickly not to bark . I highly recommend this .
 My Dali , a short haired dachshund who 's very fearfull of noise , has reduced the barking in an incredible short time !! I was very afraid of what the consecuences of the collar might be , but he seems fine . He weights 11 Kgs so , eventhough the collar looks a little big for him , he manages to wear it with no problem.Now , we only show him the collar -LRB- or even say we will put it on -RRB- , and the barking stops.I 've actually seen it working , and when the black box beeps , he shivers a little and that 's it . That 's all it takes.Very happy with it !
 I am absolutely amazed at how quickly this product works ! I have a Blue Tick Coon Hound who is a HOWLER ! She gets on a howling roll and ca n't seem to stop herself . She adopted howling as her only method of communication . I received this product yesterday and within less than one minute of wearing it , she stopped howling completely . She wimpered once -LRB- the only sign of discomfort -RRB- and that was it.Today I took her on a walk -LRB- which is normally a howlfest for her -RRB- . She tried to bark twice but quickly stopped . Even when we came into contact with other dogs , Marcella did not even try to bark . She did not appear to be in any discomfort , and she was so much calmer than normal.I just can not get over how amazing this collar is ! I really feel like I can enjoy my dog again . She had really become an annoyance and not enjoyable to be around . Thanks to the No Bark Collar , we can spend time together again , without me constantly trying -LRB- with little success -RRB- to control her.So far I do not seem to need to keep the collar on her for a lengthy time period . She wore it last night for several hours with much success . Today I put on for our walk but took it off after we returned home . We even have some dog visitors right now and she is not barking or howling as she would normally.I can not recommend this product enough . It really is pretty amazing ! If you have a barker , I suggest you try this collar . It may help give you -LRB- and your dog -RRB- some sanity !
 I waited longer than I should have to order this collar . We have a two year old English Setter who weights about 25 pounds and is a very good dog . We also have many neighbors who have dogs who like to bark -LRB- a lot -RRB- . Our dog began barking about two months ago and I am not a fan of barking Dogs . I though about getting a bark collar but has reservations and did a lot of research . I decided since I have an underground fence which has worked great for my dog , a small shock would be the best course of treatment for barking as well.It took exactly three barks and she understood not to bark . We have had the collar for about five days and no longer need it . She does not even seem to have an inclination to bark , even when the UPS man drives by , it is amazing ! . If you are considering this , do n't hesitate you will not reget it .
 Our dog is a 6 year old male dachshund . He 's a ` tweeny ' - that is a mix between a miniature and a full size . As any dachshund owner can attest to , these dogs have an iron will . They do what they want , when they want , and are generally very difficult to train . On top of that , they have an inflated ego , imagining themselves to be far larger than they are . As such , they think they are guard dogs and will bark at every little sound from outside . Someone drives by with a loud stereo ? Bark bark bark ! Someone down the street shuts a car door ? Bark bark bark ! The UPS guy drops off a package ? Bark bark bark!So , I bought this product . I put it on our dog , and then I opened the front door to ring the door bell . He barked , and then yelped , and flung himself off the couch . Again I went and repeated the process . Again , he barked , yelped from the shock , and went to cower under the dining room table.This process took about 5 minutes . He has not barked since ! I was and am blown away at how effective this product is . Even if you concede -LRB- and I do n't -RRB- that this is cruel and/or painful to the animal , it in our case was so brief that the trade off is worth it . He 's a much more pleasant pet to have now , and we enjoy his company a lot more.Sometimes he will begin to make a very slight noise and the collar will ` beeeep ' to warn him and he immediately gets quiet.Five thumbs up !
 works great , fits great second one I have bought . recieved fast.My friend ordered one the next day after seeing how fast it worked on my dog .
 I ca n't belive how well this collar worked . My dog used to bark at my wife every time she was on the phone . We know longer have to have him wear the collar , all we have to do is show it to him .
 I have a 6 year old Jack Russell . He has never been this well behaved since his introduction to this collar.He is like a different dog . Merry Christmas.....Thank-you Jon . Excellent transaction
 It worked perfectly within 3 barks ! First bark it scared my Doberman , second he was more cautious about barking , third was his last bark!I do n't even use the collar anymore and he will only be vocal when absolutely necessary -LRB- someone at the door -RRB- wonderful product !
 I have a tough minded , problem barker . A herding dog that herds everything and barks all the time . Within 8 hours , she was like a different dog . In 3 days , she was going without the collar for 24 hours and still keeping mostly silent . This collar has been a God send !
 I have a 13 pound rat terrier named Lucky -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- and an 8 pound rat terrier named Alexa -LRB- 1.5 years old -RRB- . Lucky developed `` fence obsession '' when the neighbors next door moved in with their two 200 pound dogs . We have privacy fence but Lucky was going INSANE biting the fence , jumping 4 feet high , and barking her fool head off.My dogs are crated all day and when we get home after work , they are excited to go outside . First thing they 'd do is go straight to the fence and start the shenanigans . After a fight with a different neighbor , I started doing internet research . Sonar collars that humans can hear ? No . Citronella collar ? I did n't like the idea of having to refill it and it did n't seem very reliable as some dogs do n't mind the smell . Shocking my dog ? Seemed cruel . But then , I read most of the 100 plus 5 star reviews here on Amazon . Changed my mind . I read the negative reviews as well . I think people make a huge mistake thinking you can just put the collar on the dog in the morning on your way to work and leave it on them all day long while unattended . That 's not right . That 's how dogs get burned or traumatized . Dogs in a neighborhood should be crated indoors during the day . Just my opinion . AND , they do n't mind ! It 's a natural denning instinct.Anyway , back to the collar . The first few times Lucky started barking , the collar did n't seem to work . I was disappointed . So , I took it off , messed with the battery , put it back on . Few minutes later , she barked and it WORKED . She jumped three feet in the air and yelped a little . I 'm not going to lie . It 's a little disturbing the first few times . It does seem kind of cruel but Lucky is a problem child . Is n't it more cruel to get rid of her ? She has a wonderful home to live in , she 's got a lot of love , she 's very lucky ! BUT - I ca n't be fighting with the neighbors ! Or the neighborhood ! So , I perservered . I now have a NEW dog . The quiet is amazing . It 's nice not only for the rest of the neighborhood but it 's nicer for me , too . Less stress , less chaos , and no longer feeling out of control . Lucky still posesses all of her positive traits , just no more barking . Everyone 's happy and we 're all still together.As much as I love and adore my dogs , they are my PETS . I OWN them and I am responsible for their behavior . Therefore , I feel no guilt over this situation but rather elation at finally being back in control and being TOP DOG !
 After a complaint about my `` barking dogs '' I bought an anti-bark collar and used it on the biggest offender . It worked very well so I purchased two more collars and in no time I had the barking problem resolved . Out of the three dogs , it only irritated one of the dogs ' necks and it was a very mild irritation . I would recommend this product to anyone whose dog barks incessantly , or wo n't shut up when you tell them to . It 's priced very well and works great !
 From the moment i put the collar on it started to work , the dog tested it and got the first shock then she tried it again and she figured out what it was for . Now she whimpers real low to avoid the shock but no bark it works great .
 I never thought anything could work this well ! I was afraid to put this collar on my little 13 pound Maltese mix because we had a bad experience with a shock collar when he was younger . He totally freaked out . So , I put this one on with trepidation and waited for the first bark . He did bark and then cried out a little - one time - and then that was it . He has hardly barked at all ever since ! Even when the collar is off . This is amazing to me . He used to bark at squirrels , bark at any sound outdoors , bark at his food , bark at his toys , bark for attention . He DOES NOT bark now . I have been afraid to write this review because I feared it would jinx this amazing outcome , but so far , so good . We have had it for about a week and my life has never been so quiet.Also , the price was reasonable and free shipping . Thanks amazon.UPDATE - 2 weeks later . Still working great . This has changed my relationship with my dog ! I 'm not mad at him all the time any more . I really recommend this collar .
 One of my dogs was causing us extreme problems and discomfort in a new neighborhood . Neighbors had begun complaining , and the dog 's behavior increasingly worsened . I did n't know what to do . She constantly wants attention . While it 's no way possible that we can give her our attention 24/7 and she has to go outside at some point , I called my vet . He recommended a book and this device . I was like a child at Christmas when it arrived in the mail . I was tired of the neighbors ' dirty looks , and I could n't even hear my tv or do my homework because of the whinny-barking noise . This fixed it -- FAST . It 's been less than 24 hours , and the noise has stopped . She 'll try and get reminded . This does n't hurt her , or else I would see a physical indicator . She just suddenly stops barking . It was either this , or she had to go to a new home . I think this is the best solution for us all . Thanks , Amazon , for your speedy service , great prices , and stocking this excellent product . The customer reviews helped too . !
 We 've only had this product for about 10 days , but I see how effective it is . . and under what circumstances it DOES N'T work . I tried it on our 1 year old Shih-Tsu who barks at every single little noise , because he 's trying to establish himself as the boss/top dog and it worked very , very well . He just stopped barking while we had it on him and we 've noticed a huge reduction in his barking overall . We 've also got an 8 year old terrier mix who has very tics and neurosis and he barks much of the time because he feels threatened or nervous . The bark collar forces him to bark less but does n't stop him so we 're working on that.If your dog is ` nuisance barking ' just for the hell of it , this collar is an excellent solution . If there 's another underlying cause then of course this collar is n't going to work a miracle , though combined with addressing those issues directly it could be very effective .
 simple design , works most of the time when the dog doesnt scratch its neck with hind foot and turns it around to behind its neck or to the side .
 I just purchased a second no-bark collar . I have had one on our husky for several months , and it works well . I moved it to our other dog with no result . Since I purchased the second collar I have switched them from dog to dog . I continue to get a positive result with the husky , but the other dog must be immune . I guess it works better on some dogs that others .
 I originally started with the Multivet Gentle Spray Citronella Anti-Bark Collar -LRB- see review -RRB- and had to escalate to use of this collar on the more stubborn barker of my 2 dogs . This thing works . My dog barked , got a zolt from the collar , and stopped dead in her tracks . For a few days she did n't bark at all outside with the collar on . The true test was when my neighbors were walking the dogs past my fence and she ran to the fence and barked , got zapped - barked again , bigger zap and then she stopped . She really really wanted to bark but it was n't worth the zap . Now using the citronella collar on one dog and this collar on the other - my yard is quiet . The dogs are a little more board , but they are adjusting nicely . Batteries seem to last a long time too . I did n't give it 5 stars because I need to observe its effectiveness a little longer ... Update
 My Lab . . her name is Molly ... 75 lbs ... 14 months old . . barked like crazy before . . I reluctantly put this collar on her ... She stop barking immediately ... I was amazed ... she is still sweet as heck . . no change in personality at all ... I did n't want to hurt her ... she does n't care at all . . With my dog I only needed to use the collar for a few months ... take it off after they are trained !!! I was confused at first about this ... i.e. `` do they have to where this all the time ?? . . forever ? '' the answer is NO !! ... They want to sell you batteries at a pretty penny that 's all . . remove it when they stop barking for a week or 2 . Update
 I have two small dogs . A chihuahua and a maltese . I was worried the collars would n't fit their tiny necks , but you can trim the collar to any size . After putting it on them I did a test by knocking on the door . My first test it didnt work , they barked and it didnt work . I almost returned it because I thought that their barks were not as loud as bigger dogs . I am glad that I did n't , after a week they do not bark anymore , it must be working . Phew !
 I was on the fence about getting my dog a shock collar at first . I did n't want to be cruel , but at the same time he was driving me absolutely crazy . We live on a corner house and people and their dogs frequently walking by throughout the day . I could not put him outside without him barking constantly ! I finally decided to try this collar and I am very glad I did . I began seeing results immediately . When he has the collar on he is much mellower , I am much less frustrated , and our bond has grown as a result of that . My only regret is that I did n't buy this sooner .
 I 've purchased one for each of my dogs for training and needed a replacement one for my stubborn little barker . It works well and the first little warning is sufficient for him to stop before the collar increases its intensity .
 We were at odds with our negigbors and at our witts end . We did not want to take our dog to a shelter so this was a last resort for us . I bought this bark collar with no hopes of it actually working and was surprised at how well it worked . It stopped him from barking and kept him from barking even when I took it off of him . Now he knows when the collar goes on , no barking . I have never been so pleased . I highly recommend it . I have a terrier that barks way too much at any noise he hears . His barking was so bad that two of my neighbors complained of him barking all night . I tried everything from noise based bark inhibitors to citronella spray collars and nothing worked . The sonic noise did n't bother him , and he realized that the citronella would run out , so he barked till it did n't spray anymore . This product has made us all happier .
 This static collar has been the most effective bark control I have found . The sonic bark control -LRB- the little house -RRB- did not work at all for my dogs , and the spray collar is problematic because it sprays even when a dog whimpers , or from sound such as when the dog shakes his head , or when another dog barks . I have 2 rescue dogs that I am training and they get walked daily , but they still barked a lot . Some dogs need correction as well as positive reinforcement . The collar cured one dog 's nuisance barking within a week -LRB- combined with positive training -RRB- . He now understands that he should not bark non stop for 5 minutes . The second dog now wears the collar every second day as she is taking longer to unlearn her nuisance barking habit . However she has improved immensely . A good thing about this collar is that it does not correct immediately , but lets the dog bark a little bit . Then he learns that a little bit of barking is ok , but not barking incessantly when there is no real danger . I found the immediate correction to be a problem with the spray collar . I was concerned about using a static collar on my very sensitive dog . However , it is better for her than the spray collar because the spray collar was always spraying her even when she whimpered , and she whimpers a lot especially when greeting . It is important that the collar is on snug enough , otherwise it will not do the correction . The only difficult thing I found with this static collar is the sound the dog makes the first couple of times that it gets shocked . They screamed for a few seconds , so I felt bad that I was torturing them . However if you try the collar on yourself , it 's not painful , although the increasing shock intensity is quite strong -LRB- like when it 's on level 3 or 4 of the 6 levels -RRB- . However , my dogs never got to that high level of getting shocked . Also , I think they scream more from getting a fright than from pain , because after the first few shocks , they would hardly make a sound when they got shocked , they would just stop barking . The manufacturer stresses that the collar must be used in conjunction with positive training . It 's not fair to use it if the dogs are not being trained or exercised . For example , what I do is when we go for a walk and they want to bark at dogs behind a fence , if they bark they get a shock correction , but the minute they stop barking or if they do n't bark at all then I reward them . Then they learn quickly that it 's better not to bark at the other dog at all .
 I love my dashound and she is very good except when I leave the house and put her in her kennel at which she barks and barks and wont be quiet.I just moved to an apartment so she no longer has the company of other dogs.the neighbors were complaining so I had to take her to a sitter while I was at work , I work 17hr nights so this was a big inconvience cutting out of my already little sleep time.I put this collar on her and she is completely quit in the kennel even when i come home she just sits and quietly waits for me to open her kennel for it.I would reccomend this product to anyone who wants their dogs to be quit but does n't want to get another pet for them to have company and silence them .
 I bought this no-bark collar with doubts at first , but I just wanted to give it a shot.With so many mixed reviews , some saying they do n't work , some saying they only work on certain dogs , I must say mine worked beautifully!I 'm using it on my dog -LRB- toy poodle -RRB- . He 's quite thin , and the collar slides around easily , but it still works nevertheless !
 We had problems with non-stop barking . We moved to a new house and our lab started barking `` talking '' to every dog in the area and there are lots ! So bad that I knew it was a big issue , who wants to hear that ? Its one thing to hear the occational bark but constant is another story.She is trained with an electric fence but we couldnt use them together . Already trained on the fence , she stays in the yard so we changed to this collar temporarily -LRB- now we alternate -RRB- . We were nervous the first time.We used it when we had time to watch her from inside the house to make sure she was ok.Instantly when outside with the collar she started barking ... didnt jump but turned around , looking to see what it was or what happened ... did it again , same thing . She is trained on the electric fence so she knows the beeps are a warning not to go any further and this collar also beeps.She very quickly got the idea that she wasnt suppossed to bark and her barking reduced dramatically ! She still barks at passing dogs , I am not sure that will ever stop but the non-stop barking is gone .2 months changed battery when I noticed she started barking alot again . No rashes or problems on her skin.Good product , it definately helps .
 I have a pug and a boston terrier that kept barking at the neighbor 's dogs and different cars that would go past . We have had the collars now for about a week and the barking has completely stopped . I wish it would work for whining , but that must not be loud enough to set it off . Other than that , I am very happy with it !
 This collar has been absolutely wonderful . I was hesitant to try any `` shock '' collar for fear of feeling like it was inhumane . However , after using it for just one day and realizing how well it worked , I 'm a believer . I only wish I had n't waited 7 years to get one ! My dog has only been shocked a handful of times and has learned very quickly her best bet is not to bark . It 's a win-win for us all . Highly recommend !
 Last fall , I adopted a 25 pound beagle mix from the local pound . She 's a great dog when I 'm around , but she suffers from unbelievable separation anxiety . Shaking , drooling , whimpering , she 'd destroy anything left within her reach . She would occasionally have stress-induced bouts of diarrhea . It was insane ! But she was such a great dog when I was around that I did n't want to give her up ! So I worked with a dog trainer to get her crate trained , started her on an anti-anxiety medication , and began taking her to doggy daycare as often as I could afford . As her anxiety decreased , though , a new problem cropped up
 This collar was just what we needed . The dog stopped barking whenever she had it on . It really only took one time for her to realize that she was going to get buzzed if she barked . I can now put it on her without the batteries , and she wo n't bark because she does n't know it wo n't buzz her . She is a very stubborn dog and training of anything takes more time than most , so it actually took about 4 week before I could let her out without the collar , but I am still happy as I had tried everything else people -LRB- trainers -RRB- said would work . The only draw back I found is that the collar wo n't stay in place . Whenever she shakes her head it moves to the side , unless I put it on so tight it almost chokes her . The batteries are a little expensive , but the collar did what I needed it to .
 The item works great . The puppies do n't bark anymore . The only down side is that if the collar is on for extended periods of time it starts to rub off their fur due to constant scratching .
 I have a 10 month old German Shepherd that would give the Lab on `` Marley & Me '' a run for his money . I have ALOT of experience training dogs and horses and I was shocked when this dog did n't respond to my training . I would let him outside to play and he would bark for 45 minutes straight and then run away and refuse to come inside . I was ready to kill him !! I bought this collar , put it on him and let him outside ... IT WAS AMAZING !!! He barked twice and then Yelped -LRB- and I laughed , thinking to myself
 I bought this product after years of dealing with my dog barking at anything and everything . The first night after recieving the product I read the instructions and put it on my dog `` Teska '' . She is very well trained and is used to having collars and leashes taken on and off had no problems puting it on.The first real test was my girlfriend coming home . My dog knows that barking is not ok and does so anyway . She head my girlfriend get home and barked once and got an imidiate beep and shock . This stunned her and made her stop she looked at me and then barked again and recieved another shock . She stopped barking for a good while . Again , later that week friends came over and she barked but she was so excited that she kept barking . I supose that with each bark the shock gets worse . It shocked her so bad she started screaming . She got outside and screamed and ran in circles getting shocked and screaming . I ran to her picked her up and took the collar off . She was ok just a little frightened . I just wanted to say that that this product really does work and I still use it , just be careful with a dog that 's new with it . Thanks to this product we all now get peaceful nights sleep and for that I am eternally greatful .
 I was scared to use this but it works , i used it on my dog and now the batteries died but he wears it and it still keeps him from barking -LRB- without the batteries -RRB- , he figured out what it does on his own and now it serves as a reminder . It is gentle and not as bad as i thought .
 The collar worked great on my 2 month old lab . He only had to wear it for about a week at night -LRB- that was the only time he barked for us , when he was alone in his kennel -RRB- . The first two times he barked , he yelped and cried for a few seconds but was quiet after and had no other issues . He is 3 months , going on 4 months now and we do not put the collar on him at night anymore , only when we will leave him in the garage for more than an hour or two alone -LRB- as we live in a duplex -RRB- .
 this collar started paying for itself from the first bark my puppy did after we put it on her ... . she has only barked maybe 3-4 times in the 5 days she 's been wearing it ... . and those will be short once-only barks instead of the constant irritating barking she 'd normally do the minute we took her outside ... . she even barks less inside when the collar is not on ... . it has made our life much calmer and more pleasant and no more nasty notes on my door from my neighbors ... worth every dime i spent for it !
 Sometimes it slips off of the voice box , but all in all , our dog has almost stopped barking when she wears it !
 works well but runs out of battery very fast , after about 3 batteries we learned to take the battery out when the collar is not being worn to help lenghthen battery life , its annoying -LRB- because we only put it on when we are not home -RRB- , but a new battery every few days is too expensive . After wearing the collar for about a week our dogs barking was reduced enough that we only use this occasionally . It did not harm her skin in any way . our dog is a 15 lb . bichon .
 This is great for small dogs . I have a 8lb and a 6lb dog and only had to put it one a couple of time and it helped , Now all I have to do is just show it to them ,
 I never thought I 'd buy a shock collar , but it recently got to the point where I had to . My husband tested it on himself before we put it on our dog . It was uncomfortable , but not painful . This collar IS NOT overly-sensitive . It is only set off when my dog actually barks . After the first shock , he knew to be quiet as soon as he saw the collar come out of the drawer.-Susan
 We adopted a stray Doberman , we already had a German Shepard . The Doberman loves to bark 24/7 , we tried everything and were getting complaints from neighbors . We tried this bark collar . It reduced her barking for awhile , but I think she 's become immune to it . When we put it on her -LRB- with new batteries placed properly on her neck -RRB- she still barks and does n't really have any reaction as to being shocked . My son got the bright idea that he 'd test it on himself ... it works . I ca n't fault the product and not sure I 'd want something with a stronger shock because I do n't want to hurt her .
 We purchased the collar for all three of our shih-tzu 's and now they DO NOT bark at the neighbors dogs through the fence , as they use to everytime they went outside ... now they do n't even go near the fence !!! AMAZING !! And also I had one of my shih-tzu 's that wanted to sleep in bed with us , and it was n't working out , because she would keep us up at night !! And when we tried to put her in the room with the other two dogs she would n't stay , and would bark and scratch at the door !!! Now they go in all three , every night when we say , it 's bedtime !!! Again , JUST AMAZING !!!! It does n't hurt them at all ... so take my word , we tried everything and this is a miracle worker !
 Wow . Years of yap yapping from the office dog gone in one or two zaps . This Chihuahua declared a blood feud against Fedex , UPS , USPS , and all food delivery people who dared to enter his lair or even the parking lot . His fearsome yapping could be heard throughout our floor . No ankles were safe from his little chomper . Enter the magic collar of peace . In order to get the monster 's mother to allow the use of the collar , I first tested it on myself . It gave me little warning , and then it shut my barking down quick with a nice little jolt . I could see that it was pretty effective at immediately changing my frame of mind from fearsome barking to &#34; Wahhhhhh ?! &#34; and I was hopeful . It worked just as well on the dog . First test equaled
 At first the collar seemed to work well . After almost a month of occasional use , it seems to be slightly picky about when to go off . Most of the time it waits until the second or third ` good ' bark before going off . Occasionally other times , it goes off for random other reasons which do not include barking .
 I was skeptical to get the zap collar but since the citronella did n't work , I resorted to the electric . In short , it did not work at all on the beagle-bassett but stopped our lab in his tracks . Since he is n't the barker , I do not put it on him . I would say the collar works , just was n't a solution for the real problem . I think her folds of skin get in the way - or she is hard headed !
 I had 3 dogs that barked constantly at everything . I tried the sonic collars , the citronella collars , and all sorts of training to no avail . 24 hours after putting these collars on them , their barking is reduced 99 % . Only 1 still barks , and that is only occasionally , and usually only a single bark , but he is ultra stubborn . This product changed my relationship with my pets to a much more positive one . I can leave them outside without supervision because they are n't going to go ballistic at everything that moves as before .
 My dog -LRB- 75 lb . Lab mix -RRB- was nice and quiet for years . Then our next door neighbors got two dogs that bark a lot . Suddenly my dog found her voice . I tried everything to get her to stop , and I was getting quite frustrated.I got this as a last resort , and I 'm so glad I did . I felt like a terrible dog owner when I first put it on her , and I stayed close to make sure it functioned properly . It did . It worked like a charm . On the downside , the battery that came with the collar only lasted for one month . I still give the product a 5 star rating because it does what it 's supposed to do . And replacement batteries are just 5 minutes away at our local pet supply store .
 Read majority of the reviews , the good and the bad , went to Petco and found this item was double the price , and it was on sale at the time . Ordered both the collar and a four pack of batteries -LRB- because some reviews stated the batteries died really quick -RRB- . Recieved the collar today and CAREFULLY read the directions , did the test on the rug and felt how intense the first shock was , oooh yeah i 'm up now , its not painful but it gets your attention . The hardest part was getting the right fit , but once it was on I waited to see how she would react . She would always bark at my neighbors across the street sometimes even bark when nobody was there , she was also very hyper running all around the house . She also would n't listen when I would tell her `` no '' to stop barking or come when I would call her . Introducing the PetSafe No-Bark Collar . Total transformation in the first 3-4 hours that she wore it . Barked a total of 4 times , moaned and grumbled here and there , no frantic running around , listened when I called her , and best of all she was totally calm and this was day one . Ca n't wait to see how she will be in the upcoming days , eventually not having to wear the collar and having peace and quiet . This is worth the forty-ish dollars spent , as my wife said `` why didnt we get this sooner . ''
 My very loud Beagle annoys the neighbors around us while we are not home . He howls and barks constantly . I got the No-bark Collar and that solved the problem . He has even stopped his barking while the collar isnt even on . This item works very well .
 The only problem I have had with the collars is for them to stay in place without being so tight they are choking the dog . Often I find the black box to the side of the neck and have to constantly move it back around to its proper place . The collar has done what it is suppose to and after just a few times the dogs caught on real quick not to bark . We bring the collar back out when they have to be reminded .
 I purchased this product months ago and tried it on my cocker spaniel that has serious cockertude . Fudge barks at everyone except his people . He sees the neighbors everyday and everyday he barks at them . Almost sounds like he cursing . Anyway , I purchased this collar and placed it on him and nothing . I called customer service and they said it needs to be tight . I adjusted it and still nothing . I put it away and did n't think try it on again until yesterday . I adjusted it again . It was very tight but I could still get a finger under it . My neighbor came over and Fudge started to bark . He got out three little barks before the collar zapped him . He seemed shocked , -LRB- pun intended -RRB- as if he was thinking `` what the heck ? '' He decided that he was gon na try it again . Two barks ... ZAP . That was it , that was all she wrote . Fudge is a smart little guy . He quickly figured out that barking would get him zapped . Poor little guy looked a bit sad at first because he loves `` cursing '' out the neighbors , but he got over it after a game of fetch.I honestly felt that this thing was too amazing to be true . Four years of a barking dog was corrected in only a few minutes . This collar is great !!! The only fault I have with it is that it has to put on very tight in order to work .
 Wow ! The PetSafe no-bark collar is absolutely amazing . We saw an immediate improvement in our very barky dog . He went from barking an obnoxious amount to two barks a day max . We saw the improvement immediately and he now knows not to bark even when he is not wearing the collar .
 Stopped the barking right away . He does n't bark at all while wearing it . He does know when you take it off and will bark again .
 I just recently purchased this bark collar for my 65 lb lab/shepard mix and so far so good . The first day she wore this collar , her barking was reduced dramatically . She is prone to barking up a storm whenever someone walks by or even worse , walks by with another dog and now she gives a few low growls with one or two barks . I am quite please with her response to the collar and glad I got over my `` is this humane '' internal debate , the answer is yes !
 I bought this being skeptical because our pups are like children . I used it on myself before I put it on my dog . It gives a slight jolt but did n't hurt , just surprised me and shut off my wind pipe making it impossible to make noise . I put it on my dog occasionally but he has learned . He barked once with it on and never again . Although he has learned that he can growl or do a light bark to get around it , it is no where near what his normal bark is . I would recommend this to others . I use it on a 15lb shitzu mix
 This product saved my dogs . We ordered two collars because 2 of my 3 dogs would get into a barking match with the dogs on the other side of the fence every morning after we left for work . My neighbors would complain , and it was getting completely unbearable . After we put the collars on I was amazed at how quickly the barking subsided . After just a couple of barks the dogs would turn around and come inside . Now they just stand at the fence and listen to the other dogs bark . They rarely even bark with collars off . I was worried about leaving them on them while we were at work because of some of the other horror posts ... . but everything was fine . I feel like we have new dogs !
 This collar WORKS . My 11 month old Weimer was just a pain . The first day the barking all but stopped.Within a week the dog had learned that the uncontrolled barking would always give her a shock.Hence no more attention barking . She will still give a single alert bark when strangers come by.How did I ever train my other dogs without this ?
 For my situation and dog I would give this collar six stars and take back one because the battery that came with it was dead . Luckily I spent the time to find replacement batteries locally.My dog is a 25 pound , five year old terrier mix . She is very sweet and calm - except when I leave her alone and she barks her brains out . When I would return she would be all stressed and worn out . I worried about the collar and what it might do to her , but other treatments like tiring her out , feeding her heavy before leaving the apartment , being extra calm before leaving , etc. were not working.I put the collar on her , set a video camera and planned to sit downstairs for an hour -LRB- where I can still hear her bark -RRB- , but had to return in 20 minutes because it was absolutely quiet ! I thought she might have gotten hurt somehow . I played back the tape and she barked once and was startled ; she barked twice and stopped . Unbelievable.Since then I have checked the tapes and at first she would whimper for about 10 minutes , then lay down by the door . Now , without the collar I leave and she just lays by the door and waits for me to return.I feel if your dog is smart and not too stubborn , this collar can work like a dream . Buy extra batteries , because I am not the first to receive this thing with dead batteries , but it is still more than worth it.Whether or not you are unsure about this collar because it may not be good for the dog ... for my dog it corrected her barking and kept her from working herself into an excitement barking frenzy . She is still not happy when I leave her alone , but definitely not as stressed out when I return -LRB- and the neighbors are happier -RRB- . It did not affect her spirit or translate into other separation anxiety issues like destruction or urinating . For my situation and dog , two barks and done - perfect .
 I think the collar would have worked better if my dog was n't so stubborn/smart . When we first put the collar on , it really helped . But now he 's figured out that if he barks softly enough , it does n't shock him . Plus he 's so stubborn that even if it is shocking him , he just keeps going until he gets what he wants - inside the house . This is a great product , but if your dog is stubborn like mine , no amount of shock collars are going to help .
 Adopted a sheltie from rescue and she came with all of the requisite sheltie behaviors including incessant barking . We were able to redirect her misbehaviors save the barking -- particularly at woodland critters -LRB- squirrels and deer -RRB- and passing cars -LRB- not fun when you are driving down main street -RRB- . So faced with potentially unhappy neighbors , we decided to try the shock collar . One beep and zap and it was over . The shock did frighten her , but she immediately associated the zap with the bark . She still runs like a nut along the fence line , but she does it quietly . Same with riding in the car . Very pleased with the results . Why did the collar lose a star ? Came with a dead battery and must replace the battery with a proprietary one . Meant a 25 minute drive to another town to purchase it . I can not promise the collar will work for every dog , but if you are faced with bark softening or surrendering your pet , give it a try .
 I was looking for some kind of bark deterant for my dog a few weeks but I did n't want to spend a fortune on something that might not work . I paid about $ 35 for this bark collar and it works wonderfully . I put it on my dog one time when he was barking and he stopped after two barks . Now when he 's outside and starts barking I put this collar on him and he knows that it 's quiet time .
 PetSafe 's audio feature was n't available on the compeating electronic training collars I looked at . Our 8 month old Lab gets distracted and 9 times out of 10 a simple beep is enough to get his full attention and desired immediate response . Treats & beeps are prefered over shocks & whops.The relatively low price does n't hurt either .
 This trainer is great ! The shock is more of a tingling sensation than a zap -LRB- had to try it on my hand before I would use it on my dog -RRB- . Only had to use the shock feature twice and the dog now responds to the tone only . Great for teaching yard boundaries without burying a wire . This is portable too so we can use it wherever we go with our dog .
 The PetSafe dog trainer has worked perfectly with our one year old golden retriever . With only a couple training sessions , he is now behaving very well and if he does get out of line -LRB- happens rarely -RRB- , the audible beep is all that is needed for him to immediately respond to voice commands.We no longer have to worry about him jumping on furniture , houseguests , etc. . In addition , he is now receiving more attention than ever as people seem to love a well-behaved dog much more . Thank you PetSafe & Amazon !
 Beagles are bred to be stubborn and this worked great . Adjustable control meant you could use just the right amount of `` correction '' to get himn to behave . We almost got rid of the dog due to chewing on stuff and nipping at our sons , now the dog is happier now and so are we .
 This item should be used with extreme caution . I purchased this to stop my dog from jumping my fence in the back yard . After 3 days of introducing it to him and 2 hours of watching him from a distance and 2 corrections `` shocks '' . He was cured . SET TO THE LOWEST LEVEL THAT GIVES YOU A REACTION . YOU ARE RE-DIRECTING THE DOGS ATTENTION MORE THAN CORRECTING .
 I was leary of getting a shock collar but this fixed the problem of my lab jumping my fence in one training session . . I wish I would have gotten it sooner as it would have saved me some worry and frustration with my dog running away . . He stays home now and I only had to use the collar for about 20 minutes set on setting 8 .
 My dog is a strong willed Border Collie . The first time it was used , the dog yipped and ignored it , but soon got the message . I have n't had to shock her since and the tone is all it takes . The batteries seem to last well and the construction is reasonable . With the large dog size , there 's enough collar material for a very large dog , or a horse . I would rate it 5 stars , but this is one of those things where `` your mileage may vary . ''
 I 'm very pleased with this collar ! I 've only shocked my dog once with this in the past month and now I only use the beep . She behaves so much better when the collar is on and understands that I have the control to stop her in her tracks . I especially liked the adjustable amount of shock given . Great product !
 I have a Flat Coated Retriever Mix , he is 1 year and a month old . He was very wild and always ran away when he got out . Sam would also jump on guests and pull on the leash when we walked him . The first time i used this collar there was progress . I only had to used the shocking part 3 times . The rest I used the beeping noise , and now be barely pulls on the leash . There is working progress on him running away . Very good product , I recommend to all whose dogs are disobeying their owners . Hopefully this helps you guys .
 I was having so much trouble training my American bulldog and my pit-bull/lab mix dogs . I could never control them when I was walking them-and believe me I tried every kind of choke and lead collar available . I have only shocked them a handful of times , the beep is enough to break them of any of their bad behavior . I highly recommend this collar !!!!!!!
 great!was afraid to zap the personality out of our puppy -LRB- OK , he 's 14 months now -RRB- , but it 's helped up trim the bad behavior . Zapped him exactly twice , then he learned the tone , then our voices saying `` no '' sternly . Works like a charm , wish I could use it on my Sophomore English students ... but that 's another review.NOTE
 This remote trainer worked great . I followed the instructions and have only ever buzzed my dog once . You beep the dog first and when they do n't listen you use the buzz . After the first buzz my dog started responding to just the beep . Eventually he started listening to my voice and now he does n't use the leash or the remote collar at all . I could n't be happier with this product .
 Work very very well !! Make sure u noe how to trainin a dog using such device . Overall this is an awesome device and gave me NO PROBLEMS .
 Works well . Put my crazy boxer in check in just a week ! We rarely have to use the button thy shocks him , we use the warning high pitched beep first and that does the trick !
 The product itself is great the range is about the same as line of sight it seems , i have shocked myself from 1 - 10 and it is not the same as a tazer it is more like a strong muscle stimulation -LRB- like the ab flexing stuff from the early 2000s -RRB- . Im not saying it doesnt hurt but its not as painful as it is surprising . And if used properly will help you train your dog . The batteries do not last for very long if you leave it on , but even if you leave it on it will still last about 8 days . Batteries arent cheap unless you buy them in bulk online -LRB- i bought 50 for something like $ 12 -RRB- so dont buy a bunch at the drug store if you plan on using this collar regularly . Great product i would recommendI was not a strong supporter of shock collars , and for the most part do not use the shocking function of this collar on my great dane . However the long range allows me to beep the collar and about 90 % of the time she will behave after the warning beep . The adjustable strength on the remote also is nice so you do n't ever exceed what is necessary to get your dog to behave . I have shocked myself all the way on 10 out of 10 and it is something you wont forget The first time i used the collar on my dog she was about to eat off of the counter . -LRB- not hard for a great dane -RRB- I had read that if the first time you use the collar you use a reasonably high setting 6-10 following the beep that dogs will associate the beep with a strong correctional shock . So from then on you will only have to use the beep or at most 3 or 4 out of 10 . Sure enough after she grabbed the food off the counter i beeped the collar and shocked . After about 2 days of wearing the collar and using the beep function she was a whole different dog . Her commands were followed after 1-2 repitions rather than the 3-5 that she was doing before . And she thought before she misbehaved . Now after a few months i rarely have the collar on her and when i do put it on her i almost never have to turn it on . She understands that the collar being on is a sign that she needs to behave . So its a great training tool not to be used constantly or in place of traditional training methods . Be careful and dont hurt your dog , always reward them when they do well and make sure you are responsible with these collars .
 I have a very large 115lbs Bouvier Des Flanders who loves to charge and run along our fence that faces a side walk and half the time scares people . So I purchase the Big Dog training collar to help me curb him of this activity . Well it took a few tries to see what setting got his attention because the tone was not getting it . I followed the training advise in the booklet which has worked out very well to now when we let him outside with the collar on we use a verbable command first he would retreat , but if he did not listen we went to sound than the shock was the last step at that point he would retreat and sit . Our dog has a very large neck 26 '' and very thick hair and the controls/collar worked great it did take a bit of adjusting/placing with the collar thier is still a bit of webbing hanging but we just tie it up around the collar.The remote it a terrific idea since I can not be in the yard I am able to use it from the house and the 100yard is just enough , the only thing is the batteries for the collar burned out within three weeks.I have recommended the training collar to several other dog owners with the same issue
 I had or have a SHIBA-INU that wouldnt come after taking her to the park . I would let her run without a leash and everytime no matter what I did she would not come , even treats and such wouldnt work . After putting the collar on her and after saying come I gave her a mild shock . That didnt work , but I could tell it only pissed her off a little . So I turned it up to maybe 5 and did it again with repeating COME . After just 2-3 times of doing this , I never had to use it again , but well worth the money . I keep it just incase , but she is a great dog now and does all sorts of tricks and respects my commands .
 Love this product . Now we can keep our dog . We were ready to take it to the pound!It 's made life so much easier . We are n't yelling at the dog anymore just a little warning sound and he 's an angel . When people come to visit and the dog goes crazy a few little zaps and he 's not bothering our guests.We 're very happy !
 Worked very well for our large dog . We just have to use the buzz feature now , he learned in 1/2 day that the buzz means stop whatever he is doing .
 I purchased this model and found it worked well , except for range . I exchanged it for the more expensive Petsafe -LRB- PDT00-10603 Yard-and-Park Remote Trainer -RRB- model that has more range and rechargeable batteries.It 's likely that anyone who wants to use this product outdoors with a dog off leash will prefer the upgrade model . In addition to the benefits mentioned above , the upgrade transmitter is smaller and better designed.Also , most or all of the cost increase of the more expensive model will be returned by not having to buy batteries.Let me also add the suggestion that if your buying this type product for a 6-12 month old pup , be particularly careful and gentle . I 've hated all my dogs at that age . All my dogs turned out great . Do n't assume your dog will turn into a delinquent if you do n't punish him into complete obedience . They absolutely need training at this age . It 's natural to wonder what happened to your pefect puppy . But it 's not humane to expect perfection .
 We have an English Bulldog that is wonderful . However , he is very stubborn and comes when he wants to . Since we bought the dog collar , it took about 3 times for him to catch on . The warning that it gives is an added plus too . He knows , if he does not come in after the warning signal , he 's zapped . Now he comes in when we call him the first time . This is great product .
 It was my bf idea to purchased this item for our doberman he 's 13months today . our dobie did good walking w/off the leash from the time we pick him up -LRB- 6weeks old -RRB- up to 8.5 months . . he started to act up , and test us how far we would go letting him do whateve he wanted , like not wanted to come back and taking off . . but ever since we purchased this collar , it has done wonder for us , from the first day we put it on his neck , he was a bit freak out , but then second he got it , now he listens and dose n't play those little games he had w/us every morning . . now i trust him walking him w/off the leash . . i recommend this for whoever have issues having their dogd listening to owner 's commands . . -LRB- plus it has a booklet on how to train your dog -RRB-
 Found that with only a few short training sessions with this unit the dog now responds promptly to `` come '' and `` NO ! '' so well I no longer need to use the transmitter . The day after I received the unit the dog gave chase to one of my cats that ran past him and when I told him `` NO ! '' he immediately stopped and sat down , without my using the collar.The instructions that came with the unit were clearly written and following them produced the desired results.I did notice that although the order placed was for a PDBDT-305 , the unit included in the package received is a BDT-205 . Does n't really matter , as the unit achieved the desired results , not sure what the differences if any between the 305 and 205 might be , the 205 is shown by petsafe as being a `` big dog trainer '' .
 I love this product . After reading reviews for several similar collars , this one had the most reviews and most were positive . I had to buy the longer prongs for my German Shepherd . I found out that they sell this product at Petco but for almost double the price that you can find on Amazon but you can get extra batteries and longer prongs there .
 We have a small poodle cross that we adopted from a rescue center . She has been a handful . She is afraid of anyone that she does not know well and will bark at them . She also will nip them . If she met another dog when I was walking her she would be very aggressive and try to bite the other dog.I decided to try this collar . I was a little hesitant because some of the ratings were not that good . I received the collar about a month ago . I had a little trouble setting it up because I could n't hear the beep as it is very high pitched . I called customer service and she led me through setting it up . They were very helpful and polite.I set it up so I could feel a little shock and then put it on the dog . I beeped it and then gave her the little shock . It startled her and she yelped . I have never had to shock her again . A beep is all it takes . You have to spend some time in the training but she now will walk right by another dog on her walks . She also is a lot better with strangers although she still wants to bark at them . I still need to spend some more time with her.All in all I think it is an excellent product and would recommend it to anyone with a problem dog . It is very humane and safe for the dog.I also ordered a dozen batteries because of the reviews . A month later it still has the original batteries in it . I think people must forget to shut it off when they take it off of the dog .
 Works great . Only needed to use shock function maybe 3-4 times . Dog obviously knew how to come , sit and stay before but she wouldnt do it most of the time . Not any more . Good product , does what its suppose to do .
 My five year old lab would go outside and bark at anything - usually just the wind . The other thing he started increasingly doing was eating his own poop - Coprophagia . Prescriptions from the Vet did n't help at all and he was doing it more and more . I purchased this collar and it 's done WONDERS . When he started to bark I verbally warned him , then I sounded the tone on the collar then I Zapped him . I found he did n't react until the power dial was on `` 8 '' . I similarly did that routine when he stuck his snout near his plop . The amazing thing is that he 's been `` Zapped '' only four times and that was all on the first day - after that , he responded immediately to the tone or my verbal warning . Today , I did n't even have to hit the tone nor did I need to verbally warn him and this had just been the fifth day of his training . I highly recommend this product .
 The products works most of the time . We have a very stubburn puppy that when she wants to run , she runs and does n't care how high the shock . Our vet told us the snow can also be a factor in the way the collar works . So hopefully it will work better in the spring !
 This is a pretty decent collar for the price . I had one before that was almost the exact same thing , except the remote and collar both took 9 volt batteries , which was more convenient . This collar is a little stronger , I only had to put it on 7 and my 100lb Staffie knew I meant business . I would have given it a 5 if it took regular batteries , I have n't gone to the store to try and find the ones it uses yet , hopefully I can find them . For now I have just been turning the collar off anytime I know I wo n't have to use it , I guess I 'll see how long the batteries last . But overall its a pretty good collar .
 It only took a few beeps and mild shocks to get my German Shorthair Pointer to listen . She had graduated from positive-training obedience school , but only because they must have had a `` no dog left behind '' program . I used this collar to break her of three bad habits - not coming when called , jumping over the rabbit fence into the garden and digging . She now listens when called , stays out of the garden and shys away from her favorite digging spots . When she relapses into her bad habits , I only need to beep it to get her to listen . This product was definitely worth buying .
 My 6 months old german shepherd was super staborn he is smart but dont want to lisen at all !!! now our live with him change 100 % after 15 minutes of training he start to lisen to my comands ! i love it !!!
 Ordered it and it arrived rather quickly I have n't tried it on my puppy yet waiting til he 's a lil older and for the right stage , although it seems as if he 's learning too quickly and does n't really misbehaves in my presence so ... . will re-edit this review later AMAZON is great though almost paid an extra $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for no reason -LSB- ... -RSB- for this product
 This trainer is very good for training your big dog to come when called and to stop inappropriate behaviors . I still have n't tried to see if it is waterproof . Distance is limited to 100yds or less .
 I found the product to preform as advertised . If you have a large dog that jumps up on people this is a good way to train them . After only a few training sessions our dog reacts to the sight of the remote control as well as the tv remote .
 Amazing results in only two days and have rarely had to use it since to control our large dog leaving the yard .
 This was a last resort . But it worked . I was going to have abdominal surgery and could not have my 50 pound `` puppy '' jumping up and/or getting into things he should n't -LRB- trash , litter box , etc. -RRB- so a month before my surgery I started his training and by the time I was home from the hospital my furbaby was MUCH better disciplined and did not have to be crated the entire time . I did n't want to resort to the collar but I used it gently and consistantly and his training went quickly !
 This collar is a good start for 1st time training collar owners like myself . My biggest concern based on other reviews was battery life , but I have not noticed a problem . Our batteries have lasted over a month since we only use the collar when our Great Dane is outside in our fenced yard several hours a day . The collar needs to be adjusted regularly to make sure it stays tight , and seems ineffective when its not very tight . Range is good -LRB- though I have n't tested at over ~ 50 yards -RRB- and adjustable setting is extremely helpful , especially for our 120 pound Great Dane that can be very willful . But several weeks of consistent training have proved that the tone feature can be as effective as ` charge ' .
 The PetSafe proved to be excellent . I bought it for a neighbor who had a hard time controlling her 85 lb Lab . With PetSafe it is now a breeze . She has no problems anymore . I purchased it from Amazon.com and it arrived as promised .
 This really does work , however you muist be closer to the dog than we had anticipated . All the same it does work and that is what matters most . Great price , excellent product !
 great product took my dog 30 minuites to learn . very powerful only went to level 5 on my big lab/huskie dog . He used to be a very crasy dog . but after a little while with this collor he was a different dog . A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I found this device to do exactly what I wanted . I would have like more battery life , but oh well . They can be bought . Our dog was to the point that I wanted rid of her , she just would n't listen . This device has helped immensely ... so much so that she is now just responding to voice commands alone . All within a few weeks . Follow the directions and you 'll have no problem.I do highly recommend this item if you have a dog that is stubborn . Ours is an Austrailian Shepherd - 7 months old . She has a ways to go but she is so much better behaved and even the neighbors comment on her much improved behavior .
 This was a very reasonably priced product that had pretty much everthing we needed to train our dog on one stubborn habit . It had decent range , the tone warning was a good option , and the batteries lasted about as long as the manufacturer said it would . After about the first day , we rarely had to use the shock feature.Only word of advice , if your dog likes water , you might want to get the waterproof one , because you 'll probably forget your dog has it on when he jumps into the ocean .
 I have a 60 lb . year-old border collie who is extremely excitable when company comes . When people come in , he jumps all over them , whether they are 80 or 2 years old . He even knocked people down . We just ca n't have that . We really did n't want to result to a shock collar , but we had to get control . We use the sound alert mostly . It gets his attention & works most of the time . Then we go to the shock on low settings until he responds . It seems like he is getting better . Now if he hears the sound , he calms down much quicker . He still get jumpy , but not nearly as bad . I think it will continue to get better as he learns . He actually likes to put it on ! -LRB- I think because he know company is coming -RRB-
 This product works pretty well . Sometimes it dosent respond easily when activated but for the most part I 'm happy with it.This unit was aprox . $ 60 and was well worth it .
 We have a wonderful dog ... but she is a * barker * . This product is the first to solve her problem and ours ! We have tried most other products ... . We have never had to use the * shock * part of this collar ... she gets the message when she hears the little noise transmitting from the collar .
 I have a 4 year old German Shepherd . She was a rescue that we found was never socialized , amoung the other horrors that were done to her . She 's also a very dominate personality . We have a chain link fence that stands 42 '' high in the back yard , with a creek behind our property . When people walk on the `` greenbelt '' she feels the need to put her front feet on the fence , while barking fiercely . I had to stop this behavior . We tried making her come in , yelling at her , everything but actual force . She would also stand on the fence when the children next door were outside , barking at them . She actually scared the youngest one . We had to stop this behavior.As a last resort , we bought a shock collar for her . This one is her second . The first got sprayed with water , which killed it . This one is half the cost of the very same item at a major `` take your pet shopping '' store . The beauty of this collar is the 2 step feature . It has the noise to distract her , which stops the unwanted behavior . She no longer stands on the fence , because she knows she 'll get shocked if she does . Her behavior is good even wearing it , because she remembers . I also like the adjustable volt feature . It comes with longer prongs that can be put in , for the dogs with longer , thicker fur.The only bad part about it is it 's hard on batteries . It takes the medical style batteries for the unit on the dog , but they are available everywhere .
 We tried this in order to train our 5 month old pup . We had a problem with digging in yard , pulling plants and flowers out of ground and other usual typical puppy antics . What we have found is that if she gets zapped once while doing something she should not be doing , she does n't do it again.We use the audible sound as a warning and that is usually enough and the electronic shock is not necessary . In my opinion , you only want to use the shock for truly unacceptable behavior . Over use to my mind could take the spirit out of dog.Also , would like to compliment the manufacture for having first rate telephone customer service ... open on a Saturday , the rep spoke knowledgeably and best of all spoke clear english .
 This works very well indeed . The last collar that I had , the batteries in the collar were n't replaceable by the user , and they went bad.This collar uses replaceable batteries , and it works great !
 Radio Systems Deluxe Big Dog Remote Trainer Kit -LRB- PDBDT-305 -RRB- Before I purchased this product I seriously thought about getting rid of my dog because he misbehaved and never listened . Finally , I feel I have some control over him . I 've rarely had the need to use the electric shock . Most of the time I use the sound to get his attention . Right now I am not using the probes because he has already managed to loose 1 probe and 1 washer . I 've contacted the company who was very responsive . They suggested in the future that I use glue or nail polish on the ends of the probes to prevent them from becoming loose . I have no regrets to purchasing this item and would highly recommend it . Thank you .
 I owned a very expensive collar / trainer and was disapointed when the non-removal battery failed . I took a chance on this collar mainly because of the replaceable battery . It works better then I expected and just as well as my $ 300.00 collar trainer .
 I trained my smart but stubborn lab mix easily with this . I am amazed at how well it works ! He will not even consider going out of the boundries I taught him now . Will even walk away from me if I go past them . My dog now has the freedom to run in our big yard without me having to worry about him running off . Terrific !
 First of all I have yet to have battery problems with either the receiver or the remote . I 've had to replace the receiver batteries once in 2 months , and I think it cost me all of $ 3 total.The remote so far has been wonderful . I got it initially for my 9 month old Saint that is now just over 100lbs . She had started getting aggressive with me at certin times of the day . That has all but stopped . I 've started using it for jumping on people and trying to get food from the dinner table since then and still love it . For the most part it only requires the tone now . I was quite hesitant to try a shock collar , but both my husband and I tried it on ourselves first and it was not painful.It is simply a distraction to the bad behavior that she does not associate with us . In that sense she will see the negative distraction as something to do with the behavior or object and continue to associate that when we 're not around . If it 's simply us saying `` no '' repeatedly she will only think not to do something when we 're right there watching . In conjunction with behavior training this collar is excellent . However , I do not recommend this collar if you are not willing to research and read how to use it effectively . Simply shocking your dog at any moment is not going to help.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that it seems the adjustable strength is dependent on how far away you are from the remote . A foot or two away and we did n't feel anything under 4 on the dial . You need to pay attention to how your dog reacts at certain distances to judge the level . You 're dog should not be jumping out of his skin , look for smaller reactions and a general distraction . Be prepared to adjust the dial depending on your dogs response and distance .
 This collar is absolutly amazing !!! We adopted a 10 month old lab mix from a rescue , although he was very sweet he had NO MANNERS ! Never listened , basically did exactly what he wanted to do when he wanted to do it . I reluctantly ordered this collar in hopes of a miracle and guess what ? It really was a miracle ! In a matter of a week I had a brand new dog ! He is very well behaved ! He no longer jumps on anyone , he does n't steal food from the kid 's little table , he no longer tries to take food from my kids , he does n't chase my little chickens , he is the best trained dog I have ever owned !!!! I have to give all the credit to this collar , it changed a dog that I did n't think I could keep into a beloved family member !!!!!!! Also I have to tell you that I only had to use the shock portion of the collar a few times , after that the noise was enough . Do yourself a favor and invest in one of these collars ! Just make sure you order extra batteries , and so you know , whatch the battery selection that comes up when ordering because they are not necessarily the right batteries , I order the wrong ones , and I ordered them with the collar , so be sure to pay attention , otherwise , the best $ 100.00 you will ever spend for your dog !
 I had or have a SHIBA-INU that wouldnt come after taking her to the park . I would let her run without a leash and everytime no matter what I did she would not come , even treats and such wouldnt work . After putting the collar on her and after saying come I gave her a mild shock . That didnt work , but I could tell it only pissed her off a little . So I turned it up to maybe 5 and did it again with repeating COME . After just 2-3 times of doing this , I never had to use it again , but well worth the money . I keep it just incase , but she is a great dog now and does all sorts of tricks and respects my commands .
 First , expect to replace the 9-volt that comes with the remote within a day or two of receiving this gear . It makes a huge difference in how well the collar responds.I have no problems with the quality of the build or the claim of waterproofness . Both have been entirely acceptable . My dog is a test
 I 've been using this product for over a month and have had good results . I appreciate that I have the ability to use sound OR shock -LRB- so far I 've only used the buzzing sound and it seems to work well for my dog -RRB- . I also like that it is a training collar and that I control the aversion therapy . The range of the unit is more than ample for my 3/4 acre yard . and the remote works through my kitchen window while my dog is running the back fence.This is not a 5-star review because the power switch on the collar is awkward . The button is very small and is the same color as the collar , making it difficult to locate while the dog is wearing the collar . Also , you can not tell if the collar is on because the light only flashes to indicate power when the button is pressed . It blinks twice when it is turned on and blinks three times when it is turned off . So if I 'm not sure if the collar is on -LRB- and of course I do n't want to check it by buzzing or shocking my dog when she 's done nothing wrong -RRB- I have to press the receiver button to see how many times it blinks . Unfortunately , I am also turning the collar off -LRB- or on -RRB- in the process of checking it !
 I purchased the delux dog trainer , i live on large acreage , which wasn ; t -LRB- sufficent -RRB- for my 13 month old lab , i have 4 . He is a hunter by nature , as are all dogs , i needed to keep him within the confines to protect him from the coyotes/bears etc. I tried the collar , twice and only used the sound , and the message hit home , he no longer tries to dig out or even go near the fence , I keep the collar on him when he 's out just incase and the remote is close at hand but so far , well worth every penny .
 I did not use this device the minute that I received it because in talking to a dog trainer , she gave me some negative input regarding this brand of collar , so it sat on my counter.I finally got tired of my dog dragging me all over the place and acting like a possessed , aggressive demon . I have a 65 pound rescue Airedale which has ruined our beautiful hardwood floors with the way she acts and becomes when she sees anyone on a bike , UPS truck , another dog , or a squirrel . So on went the collar . It only took her 2-3 times for her to know what was going on and she behaved !! She is a lot of things , but dumb is not one of them.I had her outside the other day and she saw a squirrel and she took off on me . Fortunately , the collar was on her , so I called her first , nothing ; she did n't even act like she heard me . I called her again and I pressed the audio button , still nothing . I caller her again and pressed the audio button and then pressed the shock button . Back she came to me through the woods and she was on the back porch so fast you would have thought someone was chasing her.I have the collar set on `` 5 '' and she responds very nicely to it . She now knows that when the collar goes on her , she is expected to behave . Yesterday , all I did was show her the remote and she acted like I had shocked her . My only concern is that I do n't want to `` break her spirit '' or make her terrified , but I do want her to behave . She also likes to jump on people when they come over - we have not tested the collar in that circumstance , but hope to in the near future . From what I have seen of her behavior , I believe that all I will have to do is beep her and that alone will get her under control and back focused on what she should or should not be doing.I am thankful for this tool that helps my dog become the great pet that I know she can be . She is truely a wonderful dog , she just needs a little help getting there .
 Works perfectly . Have been using it for several weeks when needed . Batteries are still fine . Great product .
 I was hesitant ordering this product , but now I am glad . We adopted a 2 year old lab that barked at everything and anything . After just a few times using the `` beeper '' option made a world of difference .
 After owning other training collars , I can say that the Petsafe PDBDT-305 easily tops anything in this price range . It 's extremely easy to set up and to use . Simply insert the batteries and go ! No paring up like other trainers . Having the correction level on a dial on the remote is a wonderful feature . Another collar I owned had it under the battery cover , and had to be adjusted with a series of switches . But perhaps the best feature of this unit is that it uses standard batteries . No more searching pet stores for specialty batteries that cost $ 10 each !
 I purchased the PetSafe PDBDT-305 Deluxe Big-Dog Trainer because my two black lab puppies were totally unruly , after using it only two times they listen very well , also you may find yourself giving your pet a refresher Zap every few weeks , they sometimes forget , I also never have to ask my wife twice to cook dinner , one good zap and she 's cooking me a 7 course dinner . J/K ... this is a Great product & I would recommend it to anyone having problems training there animal , Also it 's not going to kill your pet , I tested it on myself @ # 10 and it sure got my attention , as for the distance , it says 100Ft it should be more like 50Ft so do n't let them little rascals get to far away if your thinking about giving them a Zap .
 This collar works really well to train your dog . Our dog figured out on the first day to stop barking when the collar is on , or receive the unpleasant high pitch warning or stimulation . My only complaint is that the battery does drain fairly quickly -LRB- like within a month 's time -RRB- and I think it 's kind of pricey for a collar , but it DOES work .
 Initial collar I ordered stopped working after about a week . I believe it was possibly defective . However , Amazon quickly sent me a replacement free of charge . Second collar seems to be working fine . I was very happy with the service I received for the replacement .
 Great Training Tool . you can use low voltage to make sure you are being very humane . My Lab was out of control , but after a month of controled training , I shelfed this product and now enjoy a well mannared stable dog . MAKE SURE YOU FOLLOW THE TRAINING DIRECTIONS !! or this tool can just be a form of animal toture.I would highly recommend this .
 This product has proven all the reviews that I read correct . My stubborn dog is now listening . My barking dog is now quiet . My ` running away ' dog is now coming back when called . This makes for a happier dog owner and happier dog . The delivery was speedy -LRB- took two days when quoted 10 -RRB- . Very highly recommended .
 We ordered this from Amazon to train our dog who barked at ANYTHING that moved outside our house -LRB- pedestrians , vehicles , birds , cats , dogs , etc -RRB- . She would not listen to verbal commands and worse yet , would run away every time she could barge past one of our kids at the front door.We chose a training collar rather than a barking collar for two major reasons . One , we wanted to train her entire behavior , not just stop her from barking altogether . This was primarily because we wanted her to continue warning us when people came onto our property . Second , we wanted to train her to obey verbal commands so that we could have her outside with us and not run away for hours on end.We found that the PetSafe collar worked exactly as advertised and within two days our dog was behaving exactly the way she should . The funny part is that she loves wearing her collar so much that she brings it to us so we can put it on her , but she is scared of the remote because we hold it up for her to see if she starts misbehaving , which is a wonderful way to save on batteries : -RRB- Just to note , we found that the range on our unit was severely limited -LRB- ~ 50 feet -RRB- and many times the signal did not reach the collar . We contacted PetSafe and they shipped us a replacement with a postage paid return . Great customer service and our replacement unit works perfectly .
 This collar started working with the third press of the remote button ! I have just started using these types of pet behavior modification devices in the last month or so and so far am very , very happy with their effectiveness . Behaviorists all state that in order for an undesired behavior to decrease , punishment must be delivered consistently and immediately . This shock collar does both and in so doing , delivers the punishment -LRB- the shock -RRB- without my very stubborn yellow lab associating the punishment with me . She has been a barker for years and I have tried everything I knew how to do without success . In 5 minutes , my lab got the `` point '' and has been silent . I heartily recommend this device for large dogs - even the most stubborn -LRB- which mine is ! ; - -RRB-
 This is a great device to train your dog . The only way it could be better if there was one button for it to beep and give a shock at the same time . As it is , you have to press both buttons at the same time , which is almost impossible with one hand .
 the petsafe 305 deluxe works pretty good on our boxer we had to turn it up as he got bigger ,
 Fits well . Works great . A few quick zaps along with a strong `` No '' and he behaves nicely the rest of the walk .
 Works well on my dog . Nearly all the time all I need to do is remind her with a buzz -LRB- the sound -RRB- . This has worked wonders to get her to stop scratching the back door , barking incessantly while outside , and digging holes all over the place . I was about to give up hope for her to learn how to behave outside alone , but this device is really working . Now , I 'm just wondering how to get her to not dash out the front door every time it 's opened !
 I have a 9 month old Black Lab and bought this product in December of 2009 . Very quickly I was able to train him to stay in our yard and come when called . So far , we are on the first set of batteries . -LRB- Feb 2010 -RRB- We call it his `` good boy '' collar . At first I was a little concerned about how humane it was to `` shock '' my dog . I found that I hardly ever have to use the shock button as he almost always responds to the audio only signal . I found it a lot more humane and safe to have a dog that is in control and obey 's . You could proably spend more money on a higher quality collar with a longer range , but I found this to be a good product for my suburban home 1/4 acre lot.The dog goes outside with my kids in the back yard while wearing his collar . I keep the remote inside with me . -LRB- I do not let the kids shock the dog -RRB- If our dog leaves the yard , or he is not listening to them , they come up on the deck and ask for my help . I can then open the sliding glass door and call him or give an audio signal and he comes right up on the deck even if there is another dog in the yard or a squirel .
 PetSafe should be proud of the PDBDT-305 . Very easy to set up and within 10 minutes our Rotty changed from a loveable but frustrating , stubborn friend to one of quick obediance and alertness to our commands , No more running off ; no more him being `` king of the roost '' ! lolAfter about 10 minutes only the tone was necessary , then -LRB- in a week -RRB- just having the collar on , then -LRB- another week -RRB- to the unit back in the box ! If we could have the PDBDT-305 with rechargable batteries , we would score it 10 stars ! We reccommend the PDBDT-305 to everyone who has a stubborn Rotty , or any breed dog !
 I 'm sitting here looking at the receipt from the local PetSmart store and their retail on this is $ 139.99 , plus tax , so the retail price of $ 209 listed for this is very high.I 'm trying to find it at a lower price online , so I have n't actually opened the box to use it , so I ca n't give any accurate evaluation . I do n't want to degrade it , so I 'm giving it a 5 . I think I 'll find a lower price than the one I have now and will probably return it to save the money .
 I just recieved this product 2 days ago and I have already seen a huge change in my Aussie . This breed is a very energetic and happy go lucky . He would jump up at any one who would come into the house . My poor cats would be chased out of any room . Now that I have this collar , he is calming down . The best product around . Would recomend to all .
 Very fast shipping from company which was appreciated . Works great on dog , however would get a much smaller one if you dog is not very large , and even then I would not put the intensity up high on it , I tried it on myself first and I got knocked down , haha , so I dont go about 5 on my dog . But other than that GREAT product and shipping . Very satisfied customer !
 This has been a good training tool for our dog . We just need to use the sound on it now . We bought it to train her to not jump on people . It has worked but she tends to pee a little when used so be careful when using indoors . We use it at a very low level . It only took a couple of times using the shock part .
 I love this product . At first i was a little scared and worried about shocking my dog . I tested the product on myself and it really feels like a static shock after you have walked on a carpet . At that point , i felt like it was okay.I saw immediate improvement from my dog within the first week . I have used the shock mode maybe 3 times . I mostly use the tone . He really does pay attention to that . He has stopped jumping on the couch when he is not allowed and is adverse to stealing my socks.He has really improved dramatically in behavior . He has learn COME , SIT , STAY , OUT , BED , INSIDE and many more commands . He is now the dog that i dreamt of as my first pet .
 This collar was easy to use even for a person training their first dog . It was effective even on my stubborn Great Dane and helped me teach her to stay in the yard instead of pushing out the gate when people come over .
 I love this collar . I have only had to use the sound and my dog has almost stopped all her jumping . All I have to do now is just put it on her .
 It works good . As long as you make sure it can actually touch skin it works great . If they have alot of hair around the neck area , not so great .
 If you have problems with as barking dog , this item will resolve your problem . It allows various levels of mild shocks , and the audible warning feature lets the dog know if they do not stop barking , they will receive a mild shock . Would highly recommend it to anyone . It does not hurt dog !
 I bought a different model and it was worthless with my new puppy ! So I went back to the model I knew from past experience works and would recommend this particular model to everyone !
 Worked better than other newer collars we 've tried , but not as well as the Petsafe Trainer that we had years ago ... not strong enough at the highest setting to get the attention of a 90 pound Shepherd on his mission to greet an approaching UPS truck . -LRB- he just shook his head and kept going -RRB-
 it is the UPDATED version of the product . It also has a nicer appearance . So far , it 's working well and my dog seems to respond .
 This has been so helpful in training my puppy . The one downside is that the batteries do not last all that long .
 I have a Labradoodle who needed some with training . It worked instantly and she is now a calmer dog . My only complaint is the battery lasted 4 days . I think it had sat on the shelf for awhile and the battery was dead . Amazon replaced with no hassles in 2 days . I would recommend this collar to anyone with a dog .
 The product came the day it was promised . I 'm very pleased with the Pet Trainer . It 's great for big dogs and it is a great Shock/Beeping Collar.A + + + +
 We live on a busy street , but could not afford to put in an electric fence . This electric collar with hand held remote is working very well as we train our eight month old puppy . Most of the time she responds to the `` tone '' so we do n't have to use the `` zapper '' part , which makes both my husband and I very happy/pleased . Although there are no actual `` boundaries '' in our yard she is learning by repeated actions just how far she can go .
 I used to think these were mean but now I am all for them ! It takes a few zaps at your own dogs level and he stops digging , barking , jumping , chasing the cats , etc. . After zapping him , you can then just use the beep to correct him . No more zapping !
 Our dog was jumping on people and pulling on the leash ... especially bad behavior when he weighs now 91 lbs at only 10 months . This product had those behaviors under control in less than 10 days . He is almost the perfect dog now . We hardly even need to use the beeper now . Just wearing it makes him behave and he behaves better without it on , too .
 This collar works well , but goes through batteries relatively quickly . Our dog knows when she has this on , that she is supposed to be quiet when we ask her to . It is now more of a psychological tool versus being something that we use proactively to correct behavior .
 The Delux Big Dog Trainer was a great purchase ! We have tried training videos and verbal commanding , as well as the `` giving of the treats '' method . Our 100 + lb german shepherd never responding fully to any of those . He DOES respond to the training collar ! He rarely ever needs to be `` shocked '' anymore . He responds better , actually , to the warning beep . This is a great product for training your large dog .
 I have a 130lb male Alaskan Malamute who is 21/2 years old . He is strong minded , full of energy , and loves to howl and bark constantly while I am driving . He will also howl and bark if he sees something he wants to chase when going for a walk on the leash in our neighborhood . I started using it for the walks with just the sound for a few days and then followed with stimulation . It worked well . Now for the big test , while driving . I had to use the stimulation a few times but after just one trip in the truck it worked ! If he should bark , I use the noise button once , and he immediately stops . He will now calmly ride in the truck . I highly recommend this training device for large breed dogs . I also like the feature that you can turn the collar on/off to prolong the battery usage .
 Ca n't find any fault with this product . It works as stated . Do n't know about battery life or the long term reliability of this item yet .
 I know there are people out there that are against `` zapping '' your pooch -- but honestly it helped much quicker with our pooches bad manners . Our 65 lb shepherd would jump on everyone . . and them claws on a larger dog do damage especially to little kids . We got this collar and the jumping stopped immediately . . we could now have guests over without having to `` prepare '' them . It also helped on walks as our dog would bark and stare down other dogs . She always got along at the dog parks , but for some reason walking and passing neighbors dogs she would not be a happy camper . So this collar made it easier as I feared her provoking would trigger another dog at some point . . so when the `` no no 's '' happened a `` zap '' would snap her out of it . I do suggest having back up batteries for the collar ... and ALWAYS start `` correction levels '' at the low settings to see what level works it goes up to a 10 -- ours was fine at 5 .
 Do n't hesitate to buy this collar . We have a very badly behaved 7 month old Lab and I actually borrowed this same collar to use on him . He has turned into a completely different dog and I have never had to use the shock only the tone . I have since bought a new one for my other dog . Absolutely wonderful collar .
 I purchased this to help train my bloodhound -LRB- 1 + year -RRB- and my Great Pyrenees -LRB- 8 + year ... Mostly because of the barking -RRB- , and I would have to say this was a very well spent $ 50.00 !! With the bloodhound , we started by using the sound feature first , then if there was no response we would move up to the shock , and go from there ... two days later and now I have a very well behaved Bloodhound . She still wears the collar , but we rarely need to use the shock part . The Pyr on the other hand ... now that 's a stubborn dog ! She has another collar we use with here , the bark collar , and that alone works REALLY well , but I wanted to see if I can do the sound , and defiantly does not work , so we are back to the bark collar with here when she 's outside . BUT we put that collar on her when she tried to escape on us , and WOW that worked . She turned tail real quick and so far has not tried it again.Here the thing
 I bought this after foregoing the over priced models at places like PetSmart and have been nothing but pleased with the purchase . I 've only had to use it a few times on my pooch , but he it has worked well . He no longer barks inappropriately , jumps up , digs , or chews . Great buy .
 This product has helped greatly with the training of my 1 year old 110 pound rottweiler . I very rarely have to actually use the shock button , 90 % of the time I just have to beep him and he will stop doing what he is doing and comes back to me . My dog is as stubborn as can be and feels no pain however the shock of the collar is just enough to deter him from bad behavior . However I do not believe it would stop him from going after another dog or a person if he got off his chain , at least not at this point of his training.The actual product itself is not without flaws . Sometimes you have to hit the button a couple times to get it to work . I do not trust it to get wet so you have to be wary of the weather when walking . However I feel the $ 80 I paid for it is well worth it . I would not pay the $ 150 they sell the exact same product for in the pet stores .
 We dont shock our dog much , but we used it for training to break his attention on certain things ... like our cats . Level 4 and 2-3 shocked when he would make chase has set things striaght . Level 3 to stop a bark outside , and after a few occasions he got the idea no to bark at everything . We used it with verbal commands , mostly NO , so he knows when we now say NO he better stop whats he 's doing . And he does.Batteries only last about 2-3 weeks , even if you arent shocking .
 Product received from friend via USA , Just started working on my dog and he is responding well . Easy to work with . Value for money -LRB- Minimum cost for collars here are $ 375 -RRB-
 Our German Shepherd lives outside on our 5 acre property . She was barking off and on all night long , probably everytime she smelled a critter in the woods surrounding our property . It is especially bad in the summer when all the windows are open . She was waking us up at least 3 or 4 times a night with barking . I got this product 10 days ago and after zapping her two times the first night , she instantly got the message . As I hit the button , I also said `` Quiet '' , so she will associate the word with the action . A couple of times in the evening , while we were still up , she would bark and I would just give her the sound warning and she immediately stopped . She is a very reserved dog and very submissive around other dogs . Maybe this type of temperament is more receptive to this training - I do n't know - but I do know that for the last 10 days , she has been so much quieter and we 've been able to sleep all night without being awakened . It has been unbelievable . I think we will try not using the training collar for a night to see if she is quiet only because she knows she has the collar on and remembers the zap . If she starts barking again , we 'll have to just put the collar on every night as a reminder . I tried this on myself to make sure it was not too painful and it is NOT , contrary to what some people think . The electrical muscle stimulator that my chiropractor uses has more power to it than this collar - and he puts that on my muscles for five minutes at a time , non-stop ! In fact , when I tried the training collar probes on myself , it felt very much like what I get at the chiropractor 's office . So I am not worried about it being cruel or painful . I 'm pleased with it so far and have not had to replace the batteries yet . Maybe I never will , if my dog continues to do so well .
 very effective product -- only problem is that batteries wear out quickly -- also sometimes receiver gets turned off by the animal knocking it against the dog house or other structures -- you should check regularly to see that it 's on
 Wonderful product to help the stubborn dog learn the lessons . No matter what I did , -LRB- even after professional training , -RRB- my dog would keep jumping on people . Since I got this trainer , she 's not jumped once . Wonderful product when all else seems to fail.To all those who had problems with the battery
 This collar is amazing . We shocked our dog a few times for barking , jumping , and tearing our outdoor lights out of the ground - ran down the driveway with a string of lights ... . hmmm ... I know , its bad.This little deal has a bell on it , so you train them with a warning bell then a zap . Its great . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a life saver ! My Rottie is a very good dog , but sometimes he thinks he is only five pounds , and when we play he can be a little rough ... I dont even have to press any buttons on the remote , i just show it to him and he calms down , even if he isnt wearing the collar ! This is great !
 My dog is a big goofy Labradoodle - very smart and obedient about 85 % of the time . When she gets worked up over a squirrel or the psychotic dog next door , though , it 's all over . I do n't exist . A few of her behavior issues were not going away no matter what I tried , and I finally decided to try this collar . I wanted to work on a few things
 Tried the Innotech version first and it was horrible . Bought this second and it works fine . Range even works from front yard to back yard .
 This collar has helped immensely with my dogs problems such as running off & jumping up . Although at time it seems to be in-responsive , & it does n't work on the 1st press sometimes . It got wet and still works so that 's a plus but I did n't let my dog swim with it , do n't want to chance it even though it says it 's water prof. Would have been nice if it came with an extra collar for the receiver , I will need one soon & do n't know where to get one . Over all it 's a 4 out of 5 stars product .
 The collar works very well on our black Lab . The sound feature works great which means fewer shocks . The price was very good , free shipping and quick turnaround were all great .
 This product was a last resort for our very stubborn puppy . We tried for almost a year to get him to stop jumping on us and to calm his behavior . I wish we would have tried this first . As soon as we started using it , he started behaving better . Now , we rarely use the shock function . The audible beep does the trick 99 % of the time ! I would recomend this to anyone with a very strong willed puppy that is a bit of a handfull .
 This does work . Our dog learned to listen when we would say no to him . He barked at cars coming in the yard , and especially the UPS and FEDEX trucks ?!? After a few beeps and if really needed a shock , he listened . The batteries only last 2 weeks , but even now if you show him the collar , he calms down .
 I am truly amazed with the results of using this collar . I am one who purchases this type of collar and it sets for years until the batteries go dead because I feel guilty using it -LRB- I have 2 that have done this -RRB- . Mya is a very active 75lb strong dog that can pull my back out . Being a senior citizen , I had to find a solution , and this collar was it . She learned very quickly what the tone means because she was `` zapped '' twice in 2 weeks . That 's all it took , 2 times . Now when she hears the tone , she comes to my side -LRB- I walk her on a flexi leash so she can get rid of some of her energy -RRB- . I may have to replace the batteries in the collar as she did n't react to the tone as usual on our walk yesterday . If this is the case , the batteries do n't last too long as the collar is on only an hour a day . Also , it 's very important that the collar is placed around the neck with access to the internal antenna from the transmitter . That might have been the problem yesterday . I am very pleased with the results of using this collar , and it is so very enjoyable to walk her now . I researched this collar , and as always , Amazon had the best price .
 I have owned this collar for several months now and it is still going strong . Initially , we could n't get the shock to go through , but it started working soon after we pressed the button a few times . I do n't use it all the time , just when instilling a new lesson and I turn it off in between to save batteries . This was a great buy for the price .
 This product is great I recently aquired horses my dog was not use to this collar helped in stopping the barking and chasing of them
 This is my third trainer . First one lasted 8 years and I ruined the second one by driving away with it on my car . Could n't survive the 60 mph impact with the road ! I have never had any problems with it and works real well on our 70 pound dog . Makes her a great dog even without it on now . Would not hesitate to buy .
 I have a 9 month old Akita mix puppy with several bad habits . When nothing was working to control his bad habits , a friend of mine suggested this collar . It has worked wonders for me and is not cruel to the animal . This is a better alternative to getting rid of the animal . I would recommend it for dogs with any kind of problem .
 Our dog is basically obedient , but sometimes `` forgets '' himself in the excitement of the moment . This led to his being in the road and not returning when called one morning . This collar was just the thing . We only turn it on when he will be loose outside -LRB- always with us -RRB- and just the beep will break into his excitement and make him return immediately . Turning it off and on is easy and the little `` clicker '' goes into a pocket .
 We were at our wit 's end trying to stop one of our dogs from chasing rabbits and squirrels across the nearby street . I hated to resort to a `` shock collar '' - it sounds so inhumane - but we decided to give PetSafe a try . I used it on myself , and it does n't actually hurt so much as feel really weird and uncomfortable . I made sure to look up the proper methods for e-collar training on dogs -LRB- http://www.uwsp.edu/PSYCH/dog/LA/castle3.htm -RRB- , and within a week , our crazy hunter was staying near us and mostly ignoring the furry meals scurrying around the yard ! If you use it properly , this is a wonderful product !
 I have to rowdy dogs at home who just turned over 9 months and they are very much still in that puppy stage . They are constantly running around and biting each other but they do actually like each other . After my dogs chewed up my carpet and part of my bathroom wall I reached my breaking point and realized that they really did n't take me serious when I scolded them . I was hesitant as many people are to use a shock collar but my only other option was to find a different home for at least one of them but I really really did n't wan na do that . So I invested in this product and after trying it on myself first I realized that it should definitely get their attention . After the first night I noticed a change in my rowdiest dog and it was so great to have a peaceful and calm night ! I think this is one of my best investments ! Thanks so much !
 I recently purchased the Pet Safe PDBDT-305 Big Dog Trainer and it worked liked magic . I 've had my large canine for over two years and he was more than a handful . My son and I took him for training and he just got worse . Eventually , I purchased a dog bark collar and within a day he stopped his habit of non-stop barking while he was outside . However , he was still jumping on the table , the glass door , people , counter tops and getting into things he should n't . I then purchased the Big Dog Trainer , and within days of using it , my dog has settled down and is like a new pet . He has learned rather quickly and I have used the beeping sound only to get and keep him under control . It is only a week since I began to use the trainer and he is a lovable dog who no longer gets into trouble . I can now have guests over and he does n't jump all over them . He does n't jump on the glass doors any longer he just goes to the door and stands there when he wants to get in or out of the house . He does n't take the food off the table like he did for years and he is n't into every thing like before . My only regret is that I did n't purchase this training system two years ago . I am a fan for life!Best regardsPaula
 This thing works GREAT !! I only use the sound and as soon as my dog hears it , he stops what he is doing .
 The collar worked wonders for our shep !! She is 7 months old and is super nuts with barking , whining , chewing , biting my other dog and being a general pain in the rear . Within two days of using the collar , she has started listening and breaking those bad habits !! All we have to do it show her the remote and she stops the behavior !! The ONLY draw back we 've found is that the batteries -LRB- supplied -RRB- for the collar itself died with in a week . I figured that it was because they are an `` off '' brand and who knows how long they 've sat in that box ?! We love the collar so far , and it 's been working great !!
 I am finding that this item works on most of my issues with my 110 pound 4 year old Golden Retriever . However , when he goes in that `` chase '' mode when he has spotted a chip munk , ground hog , geese , or just about anything ... the trainer has yet to have an affect on him when he takes off . I have to admit he is listening better and he is respecting his boundries -LRB- for the most part -RRB- .
 I purchased this on 05/28/08 as a last resort for an out of control German Shepherd/collie mix . She was constantly bitting -LRB- in a playful manner , but at 72 pounds , it doesnt feel playful -RRB- , jumping , chasing animals/cars/people , running into the middle of the street , and barking nonstop ! I am happy to say that after the first few uses -LRB- it took her a couple times to associate the noise/shock with bad behavior , she is now very sweet and very well behaved . For about the past 2 weeks we have even been able to take her into the yard and area around the house without a leash . She stops when told to stop , for the most part , and when she doesnt all that is typically needed is just to show her the remote and she will stop . Very happy with this purchase ! I did give it a 4 because the buttons do stick if you are not careful . It is VERY important to watch and make sure the red light goes out on the remote and does not continue to shock her .
 This really works well with our German Shorthaired Pointer . He immediately stops whatever he 's doing at the time he gets zapped . He often responds just to the beep sound only . My only beef is that the battery has a short life and it 's an expensive battery to replace .
 This product works pretty well . However the button on the remote sticks a little and the batteries die quickly . My dog does respond to it . It really has not changed her behavior ; however , if she sees me with the remote she does stop misbehaving .
 I bought this for my 2 year old beagle/shepherd mix . The beagle part of her wants to hunt and she would always run over to the neighbors . Since I bought this product , she stays in our yard . The key to this is make sure the collar is tight to their neck . All I have to do now is just push the warning button and she turns around and comes back .
 Recently got our first dog and did not know anything about training . After a month it was apparent the dog was not going to stay in our yard so I purchased the PetSafe Dog Training Collar . Long story short , in 1 day my dog was trained and knew exactly where he was and was not allowed to go . I was amazed and now only use the sound option to provide minor corrections . I would highly recommend this to anyone who has problems training your dog .
 Cheaper than the competitors ' products and good value for money . Only reaches the dog up to 50 meters . But never mind , our dog learned to obey after using the product for only 1 week .
 I have a 9 month old 83 lbs male White German Shepherd . I had serious doubts about using this collar because I thought it was mean but trusted my trainer and got it anyway . He was right . I 've had it for less than 2 days and Ric can now walk with me leash free . I have cerebral palsy so having my dog walk with me and not against me is very important . I highly recommend this product . Its not as `` cruel '' as I thought it would be and it works .
 Product seems to work ... I need the longer prongs for my dog , as he has long hair -LRB- he is a 9 month old Bernese Mountain Dog -RRB- . We put the collar on him and he certainly never felt it with the short prongs . He did n't flinch a bit as we took the number higher and higher to see when he would react . My husband tested the collar on his hand so we know that it works -LRB- on level one he did n't feel anything and by level 4 he said it was noticeable -RRB- . I am certain that once I have the longer prongs on the collar that it will be effective in training our dog to stop jumping . I ordered the longer prongs yesterday through Amazon , as well . If you have a long haired dog , I would suggest getting those at the same time to save you the trouble of ordering them later and waiting that additional time to get the training started.One other note
 Item is OK , Have to turn the shock up a bit to get it to work . Dog does n't respond to sound at all . Item does do what it says . Collar is a bit long , but it turns out that 's OK because we use it as a short leash .
 This product is AWESOME . It works very well . I seen progress the first day . Would recommend to any dog owner who has tried everything else , and ready to give up .
 I have used this collar for training my standard poodle with the help of an expert for great success on a reliable recall . Also used for unwanted behaviors around the house like barking at neighbors and trying to lick the grease under the outdoor grill . I had to buy this new one because the first got sprayed by a skunk and could not get the odor out . Only drawback is although the unit is waterprrof , the nylon collar will get stinky if you allow it to get wet very much .
 We purchased this for our 1 year old dog , with a baby on the way I could not handle her jumping on everyone ! At first we were skeptical thinking it would take her cheerful personality away ; however , she is still our ornery loving little girl ! This collar helped a lot ! I believe our dog was only shocked twice , and then the beep button seemed to work great ! 1 thing I can say is be consistent ! We backed off for a while and she started jumping again , but not nearly like she was ! That was error on our part . I know feel much more comfortable bringing our little boy home : -RRB-
 The battery drains kind of fast when left on for extended periods , but the trainer worked well . I only had to use the shock feature a couple of times and then just use the beep to get Jackson to follow instruction or calm down when needed . Recommend this product .
 every thing seem to work perfect on this , but a responsible human you should read about e-collars i deep before using such a thing . you can get some level of knowledge about them even from youtube .
 Where to start ... First I took it out of the box , tested it a couple times for range and make sure it worked , worked good even up to 150 feet -LRB- from my porch to the edge of my yard I did n't try past that -RRB- then I trimmed the collar to length . Put the collar on the dog , did n't work from even 5 or 10 feet away -LRB- accept when it wanted to -RRB- ?? took it off the dog worked fine ... I fought with that for a little while before I pulled the antenna out of the collar and wrapped it once around the receiver box and placed a little electrical tape to hold it in place.Overall its been working pretty well since then but the range is n't 100 yards so I 'm a little disappointed with it but I 'm not a sportsman or trying to shock him when he 's even 100 feet away most of the time.Personally I tested the unit on myself before I ever even used it on the dog by level 5 it was giving off a pretty good shock so my dog is a 9 month old boxer about 55ish lbs so I tested it on him at level 2 then moved up to 3 and I left it there , I 've never had to shock him harder then that . He twitches his head a little but it does n't scare him or cause him to yelp at all and I still get the response from the dog I need -LRB- if I even have to shock him ... 9 times out of 10 I 'll just use the tone and he understands what that means -RRB- I 've been using the product for about a week now and I try to leave it off and not use it anymore then I have to so I have had no issues with the battery life ... It probably rates between a 3 and a 4 star in my mind because of the troubles it originally gave me , I wish it was a little more reliable especially at longer range but for me and my dog it works great!If anyone has idea 's on making the collar work better that would be appreciated !
 We were having so many issues with our ten month black lab who is 90 lbs and due to his size I could n't have him rule the house or me , this collar has made a 100 percent change in him and some things you can just use the tone and no shock and he is learning to respond . The only bad thing is we have him on the highest setting already due to his size so I do n't know if it is as strong as I need for him , however I am going to try new batteries and see what happens then . But overall well worth the money !
 My wife and I purchased this item for our overly friendly Labradoodle . At 85 lbs he can knock even the biggest of guys off their feet when he jumps to greet them . He thinks everyone loves him and he loves everyone . The day it arrived we had it on him and functioning within about 10 minutes . Within the next 2 hrs we used it on him 3 times and by then I was wondering where my dog was . He was n't the same dog I had 2 hrs prior . He was 90 % more lovable , if that 's possible then he was before . I 've read reviews about the battery life and all I can say is `` turn it off when you 're not using it '' . We 've had it for almost a month now and still have yet to replace the batteries . Hershey 's to the point now that if he sees the collor coming out of the drawer he knows it 's time to behave . In the month we 've owned it we 've used the `` zap '' button only 5 times . Usually the tone is all it takes . This product is worth every dime of what we paid and if you do n't buy it I 'm sorry you missed out .
 Seems as though the dog is able to turn the unit off , so I would make the suggestion of moving the on/off switch or a redesign . Otherwise prefect unit and has worked well .
 Its a great product to train your dog and avoid bad behavior.Can learn quickly , you just have to be careful with the intensity level , start always from 1 , my 9 month yellow lab was ok with level 4 .
 Great product , so far it has worked really well . I would recommend this to anyone who needs a little extra help training their dog .
 I got this as a last result to help curve my pitbull/lab mix aggression with other dogs . It got to the point that I could n't even take her to the dog park without being leashed and muzzled . Now since using this it has completely changed . I have no worries about her at all now and she is kind to every dog she encounters . If you were to see her now you would never know she ever had a problem with aggression . I would recommend this to product to anyone that is having trouble breaking your dogs aggression . 95 % of the time I use it I do n't need to use the correction but the beep on it is enough to cool her jets . I would give this a 10 out of 10
 Exactly what we needed for our little Jack . No more embarrassing episodes at the park or on the trail ! Easy to use . I highly recommend this to any dog owner needing the extra reinforcement for training .
 I have a 1 and a half year old bull boxer named Isaac that is very hard headed ! He was constantly jumping the fence so he could play with other dogs or the children in our neighborhood because he 's very loving and loves children . Since I bought this , he has n't jumped once . He tried a few times , but I hit the buzzer sound and if he still tried , I shocked him and he whined and ran to me . -LRB- Isaac is a pit of a wimp -RRB- Now all I have to do is hit the buzzer and he immediately runs to me.He got out of the house yesterday , without the collar on , and my husband took the collar and the remote out to get him and when he got close to Isaac , he hit the buzzer sound and Isaac immediately came to him with his head bowed . If it can work on Isaac , it can work on any dog !!
 I gave it a 4 because it works effectively and you really do n't have to use the stimulation button very often after your dog gets the hang of things -LRB- one time at the right stimulation has seemed to work so far -RRB- . I did n't give it a 5 because it has some feature limitations and distance issues.That being said it states the range at 100 yards ... but I 've lost my dogs attention in an open field without obstruction at less than 20 yards on a clear day.All the limitations on the reviews here have been on point except for the few that say it absolutely does n't work . I think they are suffering from user error or flat out broken equipment.I like the product and it does the job but if I had my druthers I would spring for the Petsafe PDT00-10603 if I had it to do over.If you want to keep it under $ 100 this is the product for you and if you read the manual you will be in good shape .
 Highly recommended . An effective , humane , easy way to provide consistency in training . Instruction manual contains clear instructions on functions , care , and use in obedience training . Collar and remote sturdily constructed , simple to operate . Remote settings easy to distinguish , well spaced , clip works well to secure on belt or pocket . PetSafe Customer Service gave friendly , helpful assistance . Notice others have problems with low battery life but we have not had that experience . Been using it daily for over a month and have yet to replace a battery.We have a 1/2 Husky-1 / 2 Dane , 105 # male , rescued after previous owners moved and left him leashed to a fence . Suffice it to say , he has some `` abandonment issues '' ! When he moved in with us he got to run free in a fenced yard , 2 other dogs to play with , a cat to harass , plenty of food , water , toys , attention and exercise . Nonetheless , he constantly scratched and whined at the door to get back inside with us . None of our training techniques worked to dissuade the behavior and we were all discouraged . We saw the collar as a last resort because we had reservations about `` shocking '' him . We tested the shock setting on ourselves before using it on him and felt only a very minor discomfort . We 've used a low level shock just twice , and did so with a clear conscience . He 's the kind of dog who wants to please -LRB- honestly believes he 's a lap-dog ... -RRB- and we find he 's extremely responsive to consistent , structured use of the tone during obedience training . He now ceases unwanted behaviors and sits immediately if I simply show him the collar . He 's happier and so are we !
 My 9 month old black lab , T-Rex is a very affectionate but very naughty dog . He would grab onto my 6 year olds clothes and try to shake him and pull him around the house . He would nip at people , steal , jump on the counters , and more . He ate remotes , my husbands hat , flip flops and sneakers . I was at the end of my rope and wanted to get rid of him . My husband wanted a dog trainer . After spending 350 dollars on a trainer she recommended a shock collar for him . After reading reviews and seeing the very good price , I decided on this one . It came from Amazon quick and I put it right on him . After a 2 or 3 days , he is a different dog . Rex is now the dog we always wanted . He behaves and listens , no longer bites , no longer chews , and is no longer a pain in the -LSB- ... -RSB- . My advice though is that your dog does know basic commands before using the collar . Commands like down , leave it , off , here , and drop it . I have only shocked him a few times because he knows his commands -LRB- just chose not to listen -RRB- , I only need to use the tone most times now and use the shock for when he is in one of his crazy moods .
 Our 2 yr old lab/shepherd mix -LRB- 70 lb -RRB- was having problems with noise sensitivity . The slightest noise outside and he would bark uncontrollably and even a bacon-wrapped steak would n't distract him from his attempt to bark the long-gone noise into submission . We were very reluctant to try this product because we 've been focused on positive reinforcement training -LRB- treat training -RRB- but we just could n't prevent him from reacting to small noises . We tested the shock levels on ourselves first and it 's a mild buzzing feeling at the lower levels and that 's all we used . It took less than three days for our dog to completely change his reaction to outside noises . We used the combination tone/shock functionality so that he was only shocked about 10 times and the rest was done entirely with tones . Even though we only used the product for about a week it was well worth the investment to solve what 2 years of treat training could n't . The only reason I do n't give this product 5 stars is that the packaging and design of the unit is clearly a decade old . In this case though I 'll take function over form .
 So far my husband and I are pleased with the results of this product . Before using it my English Bulldog had some behavioral issues , i.e. jumping on people , peeing on his bed , not minding in general . Most of the time we only have to use the tone correction button for him , which usually does the trick . Our dog 's behavioral issues are much better than before using the collar , and I would reccommend this product to others .
 We 've had the collars now less than 24 hours . Already the change in my 55 + lb female labs is awesome . Barking , fence climbing , jumping on people and digging where our biggest concerns and within an hour both girls found their manners and I was able to have a normal conversation with my girlfriends without correcting my dogs one million times!The smaller of the labs though seemed less phased by the collar even on the highest setting , along with my verbal correction , and the warning tone she did catch on . The larger lab needed very little stimulation to get the point .
 I bought it for our German Shepherd who will not listen no matter how much training we do with him . We used it once and now my wife thinks its cruel and would rather have a dog that does what it wants than an obedient dog that gets zapped for being stupid . I can tell you the K9 guy at my department uses one similar to this one on his dog and it works perfectly . Its not cruel and is great for a dog that needs a little boost in training . I would n't automatically start with this and its definitely not a product for a lazy person that wants to immediately put it on a dog before trying any other methods .
 This is the second collar I 've gotten . The first for a small dog , this for a large dog . The &#34; sound &#34; does n't have much affect on the big dog , like it did on the smaller one . The shock value does work on the bigger dog , but not like I thought it would . I 'm still happy with the collar . It came for the size of a horse though ... thought that was a little overkill .
 My exciteable pup remembers her manners with using the sound only . Have only rarely had to use the shock function . This works so much better than just the barking collar . Smart dogs can figure out how to beat the bark collar . This on is also useful for all types of training . I now walk my dog without a leash she minds so well .
 Saw the same thing at the store for twice the price . It really works great and saved alot of money .
 Well worth the money . Signal carries a good distance . Able to purchase replacement batteries at local Walmart . Really helped in training our dog .
 I have used this brand and this product for several years . I just have to keep buying new because of lost remotes and/or collars .
 this will make my pit bulls mind me , the shock must be pretty strong as the dogs mind me so much better
 I reviewed this item once and carefully described how well it worked on my wife 's annoying tabby -LRB- Bobo ! -RRB- . For some reason , the review -- and it was extremely helpful -- was pulled . I suspect , some sensitive vegetable eater complained . Well , I described how the settings work on this fine product and how it tamed my wife 's otherwise incorrigle cat -LRB- a cat , like all cats I might add , from Hades -RRB- . Ok then . I try again
 Works Great , the wife brings me the snacks at the beginning of the game . I only had to go to level 3 . Thank you
 Its kind of sad to read the negitive ones . I have a German Shepherd and if you are using this to train your dog , you bought it for the wrong reason . Training begins when a dog a is young , not when its full grown . Shocking the hell is not going to make your dog perfect it takes training and `` commitment with a personal trainer . All I use this for is the dog park to keep him from eatting stuff off the ground , and from humping dogs.Its kind of sad how people go about training . Most of the traing is traing our self to handle yoru animal . If they got the way they are its probley because of the lack of commitment to your animalCallor is pefect , here is a hit to people that go through the battery fast . Stop laying your finger on the button and shocking your dog , use it only as needed .
 This vendor wo n't ship to Alaska ?!!! I know we 're `` remote '' up here , but it IS one of the 50 states ... last I checked my green American money was as good as any . When will these vendors learn to use US Priority Mail to ship things to AK ???
 I heard great things about this as a training device , and there 's no doubt it works ... when it works . When installing the battery , one of the screws would n't budge as the other came out normally . Whatever a stripped screw happens sometimes -LRB- especially problematic since these screws are so tiny -RRB- . Eventually got everything working although I 'm not sure how waterproof the collar is after getting the screw out unconventionally.The main problem is with the remote . I have to push the button insanely hard for it to actually work . This is clearly a problem as I want to have the shock level on the lowest setting that my dog can feel . However I ca n't tell if my 80 lb dog ca n't feel the shocks or the remote is n't working . This is my biggest problem with this device . Maybe mine is defective ? * EDIT * The manufacturer corrected the issue by sending me replacement parts and a new remote . Very happy customer here , and I have edited my review to show my recommendation .
 This collar system helped change my dogs violent behavior toward other dogs . Our German Shepherd/Husky mix suddenly started attacking smaller dogs and actually bit two of them before we bought this . Prior to this training system , when we took her on walks she had started getting out of control when encountering other dogs . She would jump up and scream and act out of control . Since we already have an invisible fence collar that has worked marvelously since day one , I was worried about confusion with this collar . Since the invisible fence gives an audio warning , I decided I would not use the audio warning on this training collar . Instead I choose to give a verbal `` Leave it ! '' command , and if she does n't immediately change her behavior back to normal and calm , I zap her . It literally took about 2 times before she fully understood the new program . I followed the directions by starting the dial on a low number . My dog did n't really fully respond until I cranked it up to 7 or 8 . Now , she totally understands the procedure , she has totally stopped the jumping and screaming etc. , even with bunnies and squirrels . It takes repetition and consistency . If you choose to use a verbal command , make sure you give them a moment to respond , but if they do n't change their behavior , give the correction . Try to remain consistent so that the dog understands they have a choice , and that you will remind them verbally .
 Ok . So I am a pet lover . I have 3 labs so that should tell you something . I shocked myself up to level 10 just so I understood what was up . If you are using level 10 you had better have this thing on an elephant , cause it made me holler !! I have never had a pet I could n't train , but my black lab mix was giving me fits for the last 2 years with jumping and running off . I had to scream at her to get her attention.I have a 500ft long driveway . I quit taking her out because of the running and inattention . I took her out and BANG !! two hits on level 3 and she would n't walk away from me . HOLY SHOOTIN MATCH !! I love this thing.I brought her back into the house and had my neice go out one door and knock on the other . My sweet girl Zoey -LRB- lab mix -RRB- loves to jump on everyone when they come in ... especially my 10 yr old neice . This time , all I did was say her name and hit the audible beep and she was DOWN !! just walking around her instead of bowling her over and putting her paws on her shoulders.Use this judiciously , test it on yourself and I can practically guarantee this . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that when your dog returns to your side you give LAVISH petting and kisses or possibly a treat . All I can say is that this thing has transformed my problem child . I adore her and she is my princess , but others could n't stand her . Now she will get the love she deserves when guests come over.BUY IT .
 Our 8 month old choc lab was jumping our 6 foot fence without any problems . We worked with trainers to correct his behavior without success . Due to being a safety issue with the fence , we bought this collar . It started working immediately and it turned our dog into a well-behaved companion . We only had to acutally use the shock part a handful of times . It has a high pitched sound on it so we have him trained to give him a warning with the sound first . After only 5 weeks , we are at the point where many times , we do n't even turn the collar on . Just the presence of it does the job . This collar is easy to use the the remote works well . I read the reviews and was a little hesitant but at the same time , I was not buying this for my dog to wear constantly . It was to teach him not to jump and protect him from hurting himself . We even started putting it on him when people enter the house . He used to get excited and jump but now just having the collar on keeps him from jumping and just greeting people . I highly recommend this collar if you are looking to correct a few behaviors ! Battery life is great and the remote works from inside the house .
 I have a 51/2 year old lab mix , and he and I were in a constant battle about who has the authority in the house . He would n't come when I would call him , would sit and bark at me for no apparent reason , jump on people that came to the door and nearly take my arm off trying to chase after other animals when I would take him for walks . Since I began using this collar , he 's been a whole new dog . I was hesitant at first , but felt that this was my last option . I only have to keep it set at level 2 for him to listen . When doing the training according to the instruction book for how to teach him to come when I call him , it only took 2 shocks for him to start listening . We 're also working on barking and staying back and sitting when people come to the door . He 's doing MUCH better and I do n't even always have to keep it on him anymore . This collar was well worth the money I spent on it and has made my relationship with my dog much less stressful , allowing me to enjoy walking him and playing with him more , and worrying less about being able to control him .
 I , like many large dog owners , was hesitant to purchase a shock collar . I have a 90 lbs , 18 month old rottie , and she is very loveable . However , her idea of loving on people is running full speed at them and their dogs because it is play time . She also seems to think that the backyard landscaping is for her amusement . Well , that changed very quickly after a few warning beeps followed by low level shocks . Now I do n't even have to shock her , I just beep her and she quickly goes to lay down . I would recommend this to anyone who has a large dog with any behavioral issue . Understand that this training device will work only if you catch them in the act and it is even more powerful tool when they dont see you . Be sure that you condition them with a warning beep prior to every shock and it will work with a beep in a few weeks .
 We have a border collie who is very smart , and generally easy to train . For some reason , though - everytime the front door was open , he would RUN ! He was so smart and so fast - very difficult to catch . For him , it was a game . He loved being chased . A couple of weeks ago , I 'd had enough - and had to try something ! I 'd always thought of shock collars as cruel , but I was at the end of my rope.We bought this collar , and after ONE TRAINING SESSION - he stopped running off !! I 'm not exaggerating.Now , he goes outside with me all the time . He comes to me , when I call him - and never even tries to run off . He is a happier dog now , too - because he loves going out in the front yard with his family.This is how we proceeded
 I was very hesitant to use a shock collar on my dog so I tried everything else I could think of to control his jumping , barking and general disobedience . I worked with him myself , hired a trainer , and purchased an audio and spray correction device but nothing worked . With two small children in the house I could not afford to have an uncontrollable dog . Maybe if he were a miniature pinscher or pug it would n't be a big deal but Hades was going to be a 125 to 140 pound Rottweiler when he is full grown . That would be a recipe for disaster . I purchased the Deluxe big dog trainer from Amazon -LRB- at the best price available -RRB- . Five days later when I received it I still did not want to use it . After trying each stimulation setting on myself -LRB- even at level 10 it is not painful but it does command your attention -RRB- , I adjusted the collar and placed it on my puppy . Saying that there was an almost instant change in his demeanor would be an understatement . He was a different dog in just a couple of days . Within 2 days I only had to use the sound to correct him . And now , only a few weeks later , I do n't even need to turn the collar on . He is a pleasure and I know that this product is the reason for his change . Thank you Petsafe for this wonderful product . I have already recommended it to my friends .
 Everyone knows that training a high-energy , excitable -LRB- large -RRB- pup takes patience.However , I had no idea how difficult training this type of dog to heel could be.Regular collars did n't work in the slightest . Every walk was a battle . Training went slowly ... very slowly.Choke collars did more harm than good . Every walk was still a battle , but now I was causing my dog to gag audibly loud . After a few weeks of trial I found I was wearing my dog 's neck raw -LRB- to the point that there was a bald line across the front of her neck -RRB- . The gentle leader collar was actually quite nice for training , though it had its issues when just walking . The biggest problem with this collar-type was that my dog was somewhat averse to it -LRB- she did n't like wearing it and would try to bat it off every time it was put on her -RRB- . Also , as an excitable pup , she loves to play , and this collar is , unfortunately , somewhat restrictive.Enter the shock collar . I was hesitant to use any fancy gadgets with my pup , but after trying the alternatives I gave it a shot.When I got the collar I wanted to make sure I was n't going to be doing as much damage as the choke collar had done , so I went through the entire range of shock levels -LRB- there 's 10 -RRB- on both my arm and my neck . On your arm it will cause an electro-numbing sensation -LRB- if you 've ever been shocked you know this feeling -RRB- and a muscle jump . On your neck it will sting and cause you to jump . On levels 1 and 2 I did n't feel anything . After levels 8-10 I would n't get myself shocked . Note that in both cases , though , no lasting damage is done -LRB- cept maybe a little muscle tightness - like you just worked out -RRB- . So with that cleared up , I tried it out on my dog . After 2 tries she understood that she only got shocked when she did something wrong -LRB- note that this is a perfect time to find the right power level
 What an excellent product ! My recent rescue , a 5-year old female Yellow Lab , came to us un-spayed , unhouse-trained , malnurished and sickly . After a couple of months of lots of love and good food , she became quite the athlete - jumping over our wooden 7-foot privacy fence like she had wings ! -LRB- The two little Yorkies next door were not impressed . -RRB- Desperate , I purchased this product in late June , and from the first day , I was able to stop her , not only from jumping the fences , but from barking , eating rabbit you-know-what and lunging after anything that moves , knocking me off my feet when we take our walks ! The sound option is all we needed , I 've never had to use the shock . After a month , it 's hardly necessary to push the button at all ! I 've had to replace the batteries in the collar once , but well , well worth it . Save yourself , as well as your neighbors , lots of aggravation - try this product !
 i only wish i had gotten this earlier . i have trouble with getting athourity in my voice and i do n't think hitting a dog is proper training . -LRB- yes , we went to obedience class -RRB- . i put the collar on myself -LRB- hands -RRB- and tried it b 4 using it on my dog . i did not want to do it a second time , but realized for her benefit -LRB- short of ceasar coming to our area -RRB- something had to be done . the great thing is w / a small amout of trainnig time wonders can be made . she is happier and everyone around her as well . the only problem i have had w / it is the remote needs a better design . if it is dropped , the batteries come out . not much to complain about , huh ?
 This collar works great with my two year old German shepherd . After one zap , she now responds to the noise each time . I give it only 4 stars instead of 5 because the battery life is VERY short !
 The trainer is very versitile . A function for noise or a zapper . Ten range zapping strenght . I 've only had to use up to 5 with my dog . The noise works in most cases .
 Unit is small and compact . The hand control is compact as well with a belt clip which is handy . The price is fair but a bit high . It has both sound and shock options . We have been successful with the sound virtually 100 % of the time with our Golden Retriever . The only drawback is the on/off indicator . You press a very small button and if it is being turned on-the LED blinks twice . When you press the same button again -- to turn off - it blinks 3 times . The LED should stay lighted when in use and blank when off . Otherwise you really do n't know if it is on or off and you could drain down the batterys . It would have gottene 5 stars otherwise .
 Tried product on myself before using it with our 1 year old dog , would not suggest using higher levels , 5 was enough for me . We only had to zap him once , now responds to the tone . That is a very nice feature . Suggest getting the lithium batteries with collar . Overall , good product and cheaper then going to PetSmart .
 This product really works ! I have a six-month-old German Shepherd puppy that likes to run a little more rampant than I would like her to do . Her listening skills are coming along , but with this Dog Trainer she is responding more quickly as commanded . I like that it has the tone sound button and also the shock button . She responds to the tone when needing corrected because she knows that the shock will follow if she does not listen . She has made great strides with her commands . One thing though , I had to call Customer Service and order the longer shock prongs because she has so much long hair under her neck in order to get her attention with the shock maneuver . The company charges you an additional $ 9.99 plus shipping .
 I have a 10 month old Male Great Dane named Bentley . Although he 's only 10 months old he 's probably at least 120 lbs . and stands at 32 inches at his shoulders . He 's a huge Puppy . A puppy who does n't realize how big he is most of the time . I also have two little boys ages 9 and 3 . Bentley does n't have many bad habits but the ones he has are n't good . He tends to jump on my 9 year old and chew on my 3 year old . Scolding him just is n't helping anymore so I wanted to get a collar to help train him right from wrong . I 've looked and looked online trying to find the best one . The lady I bought Bentley from reccomended the Pet Safe collar for big dogs because she used it for her Great Danes . I wanted to be sure that it would work on a dog his size and larger because he is n't done growing . So I purchased this , with extra batteries because I was told they go fast while in the training process , and I 've very pleased already . We 've had the collar about a week now and Bentley is responding nicely to it . Most of the time I just show him the remote and he knows to stop doing whatever it is he 's doing . This makes me incredibly happy . There is nothing worse than a large dog with no manners . So I 'd reccomend this Item to others . And you ca n't find a better price than here on amazon.com I saved $ 65 dollars buying through them , and only paid $ 5 more dollars for 25 extra batteries . Such a great deal .
 Well we bought this product after yelling at our rescued mutt from the shelter for weeks about not stepping foot in the kitchen and leaving the cats alone -LRB- we have 4 ! -RRB- By the time we got this me and my boyfriend were eager for him to maybe finally learn . The kitchen . . still a work in prgress but it 's been wonderful for the cats . The dog has been very unsure of those creatures and gives them a lot of space if he has to pass by them or wait for me to guide him through the scary maze of cats but if the cats took off running his prey drive kicked in . I do n't think he wants to hurt them but he 's 60 pounds , they are 10 pounds . And he had problems if the cats wanted to snuggle with us like they always used to before `` that dog '' came into their lives . The dog just could n't understand why the cats were allowed to climb all over us and be on the couch and he was n't -LRB- I tried explaining to him it was because he smells and the cats do n't -RRB- . The first day we had the collar on him was the first day my boyfriends cat was able to snuggle with him on the couch like he used to every single day before `` that beast '' came into HIS house . People may say it 's cruel but the cats would claim it 's cruel that we ca n't control the dog when they want to snuggle with us . And it is worth it for our cats comfort -LRB- they were here first -RRB- . Hopefully we wo n't have to use it much once he learns that cats are boss!Now for the cons , it says it 's for a big dog but it seems it 's more for a long haired big dog . We have a pit mix with a very short coat and the prongs are huge ! And not adjustable . Now being a pit mix , he has lots of skin around his neck but I feel bad when he is trying to sleep and I feel the prongs are in the way . The manual says it 's for short periods of training but most of the problems is when he 's in the middle of sleeping and will get up to go investigate or chase a cat . The biggest flaw is you have to turn it on through the reciever -LRB- collar -RRB- , not the remote transmitter . So if he seems like he 's being good , I will be tempted to turn it off -LRB- to save all those batteries you have to buy -RRB- but as soon as I think he 's just sleeping nice and soundly and wo n't do anything the cats will come in and test his staying power . Of course if they had the on/off button on the remote , it would save on a lot of batteries and Petsafe could n't have that now could they!On top of that you really have to push the buttons in hard for it to activate , but one good thing is if the remote gets dropped , or sat on , or stepped on you dog wo n't get shocked for doing nothing.Next step is trying it for recall training which he is good at until there is another dog !
 I bought this training collar for my 2 yr old queensland heeler . We had issues with him coming on command . He is a very submissive dog but very difficult to train due to this . The only purpose I had in mind with this collar was to get his attention in any situation . Within minutes of acclimating him to the concept he was showing remarkable progress ; I only shocked him once on the 6 setting and he started realizing that the beep sound meant `` pay attention to me ! `` The only issue I had with this product was with the batteries in the collar itself . They have a very short life , and you ca n't just run down to the corner store to get new ones . Definitely a good value considering the top shelf collars run nearly $ 300 or more . It gets the basic job done for a fraction of the price . . I say , no question , its a buy ! Just make sure you have spare batteries handy or your training session could just be over until you do .
 I have a male bullmastiff who weighs 130 lbs and is 3 yrs old aka still a puppy . We have tried doggy therapy and training methods as well as a gentle leader , harness , choke chain , socialization , etc. and nothing could cure him of his aggressive habit of jumping at other dogs . Usually he will leap or pull at other dogs to play , but because he is so large , I can not control him . On top of this , if a dog barks at him or is dominant , the situation becomes aggressive more than playful very fast . He also dislikes little dogs and will try and engage them in a fight or wrestling match if they look at each other the wrong way . I live in the city and take him to the park 3x a day where there are dogs EVRERYWHERE . It had come to the point where Caesar -LRB- my dog -RRB- would lunge towards any dog within a 50 foot radius . I was exhausted by walking him and would come home after a walk stressed and angry at him.Someone I met at the park suggested a `` shock '' collar . He had trained 9 pitbulls this way and said it was very affective . I was a bit wary of spending a lot of money on something like this but had previously purchased a PetSafe product that is for outdoor bark control -LRB- looks like a birdhouse , hang it outside and it emmits a high pitched beep when the dog barks which in the course of a few weeks trained my dog not to bark more than once at anything -RRB- so I knew the brand and trusted it.Within a day of use of the shock collar , I saw extreme improvement . I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and rarely use the shock , I typically do n't even have to use the sound , he now just follows my command . I used the device to teach him to `` leave it '' when another dog approaches . Instead of lunging at dogs , Caesar now pulls away from them and ignores them completely . If he looks at them or begins to tug his leash to go towards them , all I have to do is command him to leave it and he relaxes.He is also much less aggressive when playing with dogs that we do know . Now instead of jumping all over them and bight-playing , he rolls on his back or runs around with them without making any rough contact . If it appears that things are getting a bit iffy , all I do is command him to leave it and do the beep . This is enough to get his attention , remind him to play nice , and relax a bit.There are ten levels of shock on the collar . I have only used up to level 5 with Caesar and it is strong enough for him to cringe but he does n't yelp . A level 4 is ok , I only bump it to a 5 if it looks like he is insitent upon jumping at a dog . I tried it on myself first and a level 3 on my bare forearm was enough to shoot me in the air.This product has made my walks with Caesar a stressfree time and I ca n't believe the improvement I have seen . When he is behaving , I constantly tell him he is a good boy to reinforce he good bevavior . Also , it is important to focus on training one command at a time . We are pretty well trained on Leave It and are now starting to focus on `` easy '' as a command to dissuade him from pulling me from tree trunk to lampost to flower bed to sniff everything he can . It has worked well with this too so far .
 He got out of the house yesterday , without the collar on , and my husband took the collar and the remote out to get him and when he got close to the dog , he hit the buzzer sound and the dog came to him with . If it can work on my crazy dog , it can work on any dog !! I have a 2 and a half year old pit bull named lucky that is very hard headed ! He was constantly jumping the fence so he could play with other dogs or the children in our neighborhood because he 's very loving and loves children . Since I bought this , he has n't jumped once . He tried a few times , but I hit the buzzer sound and if he still tried , I shocked him and he whined and ran to me . Now all I have to do is hit the buzzer and he immediately runs to me with doing any kind of shock .
 We have a large german shepherd who was out of control with my wife , but obedient to me . Once this collar was on , and after a few shocks , she obeys . We hardly ever even put the collar on now , and when we do , we hardly ever put the batteries in . She knows , when the collar is on , it is time to be good .
 this product has helped us tremendously with training , I would reccomend it to anyone having problems with their large dog .
 Our dog was jumping over a 4 ft retaining wall in our backyard to chase rabbits and other animals , so I bought this trainer to help deter her from doing that . It was recommended to us by a friend who also used it for a similar purpose . We tried it on ourselves first before putting on the dog -- it feels like a zap from static electricity -- very much like shuffling your feet on the floor then touching a doorknob . It startles you but is not extremely powerful . -LRB- Remember , it 's not a taser ! -RRB- We found our dog 's threshold limit and then started the training . When she keyed in on a rabbit , and went to jump the wall , she got the zap . It only took two corrections before she stopped going over the wall . We also use the training collar to keep her from digging/eating the mulch in our flower beds . This is a very effective trainer if you use it properly . We do n't use it for any other purposes and she has yet to figure out the collar and the shock are related to each other . I do n't know if she will be fully broken from chasing small animals -LRB- it 's her instinct after all -RRB- , but at least we are more confident that we can keep in the yard and she will be safe . We are no longer chasing the dog around in the woods and through our neighbors ' yards in the middle of the night . We are very happy with the product , especially for the price , it was worth it to us .
 This collar has worked fairly well with our dog . After the first couple shocks he reacts quickly to just the buzzer . The batteries lasted longer in the collar/receiver than some reviewers experienced - almost three weeks of being on a large percentage of time . As they got weak the range of the remote trigger was shortened to a couple of feet . There have been many times when pressing the button -LRB- s -RRB- did not trigger the collar . Never figured out what makes the difference . I would still recommend the collar for training stubborn dogs .
 my dog responds to the noise part of it well , i often do n't have to shock . and he picked that up immediately ! though i thought that it would make the noise when it shocks and i do n't hear that at all . the noise is audible . it was easy to adjust the collar to his neck , he is on the smaller side of the scale . i am happy with the product . there have been a couple of times it has n't responded so it is difficult to say it responds everytime , but he is so much more attentive that i am sure it is working well !
 I have a 90lb American Bulldog/Pit mix who tends to jump and bark and whine non-stop . Since I began using the collar I have only had to `` shock '' him a handful of times and now can simply use the `` beep '' to warn him and his behavior changes . However after using the collar for less than 3 weeks the batteries in the collar -LRB- not the remote -RRB- seem to have already gone dead . Other than that seems to keep him from jumping on me and my son .
 I was not sure if this product would work for our border collie . We had tried everything to get her to stop chasing vehicles , I was sure that one day she would be hit for sure . So this was our last resort . I always thought these sort of things were cruel , but it was more cruel to stand by and just throw our hands up in the air and take the chance that she would be run over . We only had to use this product twice ! Since then we have maybe only used the warnning signal a couple of times , and she has not chased one vehicle since ! She is a completely different dog . She does n't bark at customers coming into our office anymore and we never used this product for that even once ! She 's very obedient , and now wags her tail at everyone !! My Husband and I were truley amazed at how great and fast this collar worked . I would definetly suggest this product to anyone with an animal with a behavior problem . I truly believe that it save d her life .
 This product is increible . I got the pet safe fence for my garden , I 've had it for a good few months , so when I started to use this collar all I had to do was press the tone button and my dog immediately behaved.On a very rare occasion I may have to used the correction button . I 've quite a large , strong dog and she 'd pull you everywhere trying to walk her , but with this collar it 's a dream to walk her now . I 'm delighted ! : -RRB-
 My dog used to bark repeatedly when I 'd sit in the family room also when I took him outside to relieve himself he 'd run out into the road . After purchasing this collar my dog has stopped being so obnoxious when I 'm in the family room and he knows where his boundaries are in the yard . The great feature this collar has is the 1-10 intensity you can use . I 've only had to use the ' 1 ' on my dog and I can say that I 've only had to use it a few times . My dog has a great respect this collar ;-RRB- It 's worth every penny . I feel that it 's not only taught my dog manners , but it may have saved his life .
 Our 80lb `` puppy '' loves people and other dogs ; so much that he he is rather intimidating and annoying with his jumping and licking . This collar got his attention in a hurry and has made him much more manageable . The only problem is that he knows when the collar is on and behaves like a perfect gentleman , but he also knows when it is not on and sometimes reverts back to his bad behavior . Hopefully this will go away in time . I have had no problems with battery life or with range as others have mentioned . I definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a little more help with a head-strong dog .
 We had tried everything to train our large , stubborn dog . This product was pretty much our last resort and was recommended by a trainer . We have used it in conjunction with a specific method of training and it has worked wonders ! Our dog has gone from completely out of control to being much more manageable in just a couple of weeks . After using the static correction just a few times , she now responds to just the tone . The short battery life on the product is a con , but it lasts long enough to work for a couple of weeks . All in all , it has been a great product and it has provided great results !
 I have one for each of my two dogs . One dog is a pure bread German shepherd the other a 20 lb mix breed . This collar & containment system works great .
 Overall I 'm very happy with this purchase . My wife and I already had another collar for our other dog . The only reason I did n't give this 5-stars was because it did n't come with a longer set of prongs . The short prongs would not go through my golden retriever 's thick coat . I had to shave under her neck to make this work .
 My kids left the old collar on the grass and it was mutilated by the lawnmower . So I ordered this new one , and price and service were excellent.For those considering an in-ground radio fence , these things are great . I have a border collie that was digging under a 6 ' privacy fence , so I put up an above ground electric fence to stop the digging . He got shocked once , ran around to the other side of the yard , and jumped the 6 ' fence . After that , he knew he could clear the fence , and would get out frequently . We knew when he would get out because our female dog would yelp and endure the pain of the electric fence while she dug to get out with him . Finding them was another matter . Soon after I moved to a house with a three rail fence , and rather than put mesh up that I knew would do no good , I tried one of these in ground radio fences . As long as the fence is working and the battery is charged , my dogs have never gotten out . It is very humane , as the fence beeps prior to a shock , so after the initial training period , my dogs have only been shocked maybe once or twice , and then they understood the boundary . My female dog would run her battery out rather quick because she would always run around in the beep zone . I started using this 7 years ago , my female died and my 12 year old bought him a Brittany -LRB- very high energy -RRB- one year ago , and she trained quick and understood the whole fence thing with minimal training when we brought her home at 10 weeks .
 I was worried that the 5 different correction levels would not be enough for my stubborn dog . However by level 4 he got the point and we had him trained in 11/2 weeks . I am also impressed with how small the device is -LRB- since my dog is only 40 pounds -RRB- it 's nice that it does n't weigh him down like the typical receiver collars . My dog also swims in our stream constantly and the collar has proved to be very waterproof . The seller shipped the item promptly . I am very pleased with this purchase and have now purchased 2 -LRB- I ahve 2 dogs -RRB- . : -RRB-
 Original replacement ... PetSafe Products are outstanding ... This replaced one I purchased 6 years ago , and it works with my system , just as the original one did ...
 This system works well when your dog is trained to it -LRB- follow the directions -RRB- . We bought our PetSafe setup in August 2009 . Since then we 've replaced the collar unit twice , April 2010 and now -LRB- Nov. 2011 -RRB- . Both times one of the shock posts broke off . So 8 months the first time and 19 months the second . I think this is pretty reasonable -- we have a 3 year old Lab ; over 100 pounds and * very * enthusiastic.We 've used 6 batteries over the time we 've had the unit , about 41/2 months each . This seems pretty reasonable .
 I have used these in the past for large dogs . We now have a very small dog and I wanted to buy the lightest one possible . The description says 1.5 oz . however when it arrived the package said 2.4 oz . Not much differance but I think they should use the right weight in the description .
 works great , make sure you get the remote control , that way you can make barking and other corrections . works better if buried . i installed part of the line on a chain link fence and the field will vary in intensity . manuf needs to have a unit with multiple frequencies . you do n't want the good dog being corrected with the bad dog . could make 'em a tad neurotic .
 The collar works just fine . I bought it for a St. Bernard and it 's not strong enough for him . I 'll have to buy the big dog collar , but it 's a great back up for my pug . I knew I was taking a chance on the smaller collar . We had a St. Bernard years ago and it was n't strong enough for him either .
 We have the same collar at home for another dog . It 's been a great collar . Battery life is good . Wished it were slightly smaller for our small dogs , -LRB- 10 lbs . -RRB-
 Received w/in specified time frame in new condition as described . Excellent seller . I would buy from this seller again . This product works great . My stubborn dog will not cross the line as long as this collar is on and in working condition . He stays about 10 feet away from it .
 Very good product for even small dogs to keep them on your property . Your dog will quickly learn the boundaries .
 I have been using the PUL-275 ultra-light collar for several years now . It definitely keeps my dogs where they 're supposed to be . The 5 levels of correction are perfect for both my small dog and my Labradoodle . The ultra-light design is more convenient than the bulky `` Stubborn Dog '' collar .
 We were not sure how this would work on our dogs but gave it a try . One of our dogs learned very fast -LRB- 1 day -RRB- that the beeping was bad and he did n't want to go any further . His collar is set with the lowest shock correction level . We have a basset hound who ignores the first two levels but the third level seems to really zap her . Our dogs are over 50 pounds , so if you have a smaller dog , look at the small dog collar . We may need to look at this as well for the basset so we can find a level somewhere between 2 and 3 .
 If the color of the collar matters , this is not a true red like the picture tends to show . It is more of a rosy red which matters to my son since he has a male dog . You can buy another color collar and change the radio receiver out , but it just adds up on the cost . I wish there was more choices than one color .
 I bought this collar just a couple months ago at first you kinda have to find the right setting for you dog i own a papillon and a pure breed Siberian Husky who is 5 months old and it took for the collar to be on the highest setting , but even now if she runs fast enough it wont shock in time , but that is due to the dense fur . Well shave a patch where the collar sits to see if that helps . As for my small papillon we have it set to three and its just enough to let her know to back up and not cross it i have a 6 foot range set an it loops a 1/4 of an acre and at one point a 1/2 acre . I recommend watching your dog the first few weeks . I have owned the original collar for 11 years and just recently replaced the power box , which the old one lasted 9 years before giving out . And this collar i purchased synced right up with the receiver . Works great I would have say good buy and worth the money .
 I needed a replacement collar for my 15 lb . dog . I have found the Ultralight collar to be the perfect size for a dog of this size . The Deluxe collar has 5 levels of adjustment so you can find the right one for your pet . If you choose you can select a warning sound only w/o the static shock . I have had no problems with the previous collar - it works and is safe for the pet when used properly . -LRB- I would suggest only placing the collar one the dog when needed and to do a complete walk-around inside and outside of your house to test the operating zones . -RRB- The battery lasts around 1yr and costs approx . $ 6.95 to replace.The product was shipped promptly and was of the highest quality - no surprises .
 I can only say that I wish that we had done this with for our deceased dog who was tied outside . How bad do we feel !! It has genuinely changed the quality of everyone 's life . We can actually work outside in the yard with the dogs exercising one another ! My kids can play with the dogs without being pulled by a leash . It 's remarkable and I would recommend it to anyone with a dog -- but I think they 've got them for kitties too !
 This product was far less expensive online and I received it at a resonable time with free ground shipping
 after about 7 years , the original collar went out . Even though this one takes special batteries , it is a worthy replacement . I suggest buying the collar and battery combo so you will be good for a year 's worth of use .
 We love the underground fence . This is a good replacement collar ...
 My items arrived promptly and in great condition however , one of the collars batteries died within the first week . This has happened before with this same type of collar . Im not pleased with the fact that I pay so much for something that dies so soon .
 I do n't understand the negative reviews . We bought this replacement collar over a year ago . The plastice housing on the collar that came with the containment system broke so we purchased this one . No problems , beeps when held near the line , corrects if the line is crossed . The original battery lasted a year , just now replaced it.Be sure you are using the proper batteries and they are fresh . If your pet is testing the boundary often , that will run the batteries down .
 Have 2 girls that are contained within the new fencing . Collar works great ! They learned quickly and this is the collar for the 2nd Dog .
 The collar w/receiver works wonderful , and the shipping was fast . Great value ! The neighbors are thankful and so was I to get my little curious george dog under control again . My original collar lasted 8 years . The value and piece of mind is so worth it . It has been a month and no problems with collar or batteries .
 The collar works as expected and shipping was incredibly fast . I gave it four stars instead of five only because the battery only lasted a week . An easy fix but I expected it to last longer as the collar was brand new .
 The collar works well . I had to replace an older version that stopped working - after about 9 years or so . The new one works great with the fence we already had in the ground . It would have been nice if it took some standard batteries , but there are some pretty reasonably priced places to buy them .
 We bought this receiver for our second dog to work with our radio in ground stubborn dog fence . It has worked great on our smaller dog . It 's a lot less bulky than the original but still keeps him in the yard .
 My Labs previous collar , the PetSafe UL-275 had taken too many dips in the pool , and HalleyDawg had begun visiting the neighbors.I purchased the PetSafe In-Ground Ultralight collar and watched through a back window in both amusement and satisfaction as she attempted to go visiting . Worked like a charm .
 I have had Pet Smart invisible fencing for 8 years and just had to replace my first collar -LRB- 4 dogs -RRB- . They wear them all day , play in the rain and water , and play rough with each other and these collars really hold up . For the price I think it is a pretty good value compared to what some of the other radio fence companies charge .
 Fast delivery , accurate description . Had these collars before and worked well but lost parts to it , now you can buy parts for them , much more economicle
 I like how simple the training part of this was . My dog is quite stubborn and after being stung 3 times when he attempted to cross the flags he lost any interest in escaping to chase squirrels or rabbits . He did provide several laughs while he learned but never was harmed by the zap .
 I 'm using this collar on my 14lb Yorkie , and it works great . Small enough to not be cumbersome , but fully functional . The only complaint is the red strap is cheaply made and frays easily . And the proprietary batteries can be a pain in the ...
 I needed it to keep my dog in the yard and it was a good replacement for the older one that went out .
 This was a collar for our new puppy . It works great , got here very fast in excellent condition . My puppy is safe !
 So far , this has been fantastic at warning my furry roommate before he gets a jolt . He knows the word , &#34; stinger &#34; as being his collar , and stays in the boundary when wearing it .
 Great Product . I bought this one to replace one that I had for 10 years of continuous use that finally died !
 I have purchased about 6 of these collars over the past few years . We have 4 dogs with collars . They are the best thing you can get to keep your dogs in a contained area but still give them room to roam . I have the fence around 3 acres of land buried in 1/2 inch PVC pipe . Two of my dogs are Labs and they go in the stock pond every day durning the summer and it does not affect the working of the collar . I tried to just bury the wire but seem to have trouble with it . After using the PVC I have not had any problem with it . The batteries last a long time in the collars . After the dogs get accostomed to where the fence is located you can take the collar off and it takes them a week or 2 before thay relize they can cross the line.Very good product and well built .
 My little yorkie poo kept running off to explore and did not come when called . Now he knows where he can go play and where he can not .
 My dog has went thru a couple of times , but you can tell at times he is responding . The collar is lightweight and easy to adjust . I believe the shock is enough to keep him in the fence . It 's just a matter of learning his boundries .
 I use this to bring down the Ph in my tank without shocking the fish . This media brought my ph down to a 6.5 from an 8.2 . I use 3 teaspoons in a small mesh bag -LRB- you can get these at any party supply store . -RRB- in with my other media filter on my AquaClear filter 50gal filter for a 46gal tank . You could also use the toe of an old pair of ladies stockings / pantyhose to keep the peat in the filter and not the tank .
 This is cleaner and easier to work with than garden peat moss . I also feel it is safer as it is pure and meant for the aquarium . The box may seem small , but you do n't need much and last a long time . I put some in a knee high pantyhose tied a knot and put it in the tank . By doing it this way all the pieces stay inside of the pantyhose and does n't float around the tank . At first it floats , but I pushed it behind the filter stem under the water . In a couple of days the peat moss is wet enough to sink . I noticed the water becomes very soft , but it has n't lowed the PH. The water does get a dirty , tea stained look and if you are directly above the tank you can smell a little bit of the dirt , but all the fish seem to love it . Fish like the neon tetras that would normally hide behind my plants and rock now come out to the front of the tank .
 Peat is use to naturally lower pH and water hardness . This is not going to chemically filter or polish your water . In fact it will turn your water a slightly yellowish color , this is to be expected . If you want to stay away from chemical and naturally lower pH and hardness then this for You . Especially if you keep or plan to keep fish like Cardinal tetras or Discus , well at least attempting to breed Discus . If your just keeping Discus then you should be fine w/o this.The only thing that I was n't to happy about was that It does not specify how much to use.I Do WARN you if your not careful IT WILL DROP your pH way to fast and could kill your fish . I would recommend to start off with a small amount and gradually increase that amount til you get to your desired pH & Hardness Level . If you do n't have anything to test your water , get something -LRB- I recommend API products -RRB- you will need it . Finally this does not come prepackage or in mesh bag . You will need to purchase some .
 I live in an area with very hard water . I 've been struggling to keep my water soft and slightly acidic . I finally sprang for a canister filter -LRB- my power filters had no room for the little media baggie -RRB- and in the bottom I put a few tablespoons of peat into a mesh bag and problem solved .
 I had tried a number of other products like API 's water softener pillow to lower the hardness of my tank and never had much success . The hardness of my tank was incredibly hard -LRB- both kh and gh -RRB- and the ph always hovered in the basic range despite attempting to put more drift wood in to lower it . I finally tried these peat granuals -LRB- I got one of the mesh bags and put about half of this box in that bag and into my canister filter -RRB- . Within perhaps a week or two , it had brought both hardnesses and ph down to ideal readings for my tropical community tank . I am not overly averse to using chemicals to treat a tank if it 's what works best , but this just had that Occam 's Razor feel that it was 1 -RRB- Natural , 2 -RRB- Relatively cheap and 3 -RRB- Incredibly effective ! This has certainly found a permanent place in my filter !
 this is a good product if you choose to have &#34; soft &#34; water for your aquarium fish tank . And also the media lasts for awhile
 This worked with my existing Hero severum -LRB- African Cichilid -RRB- , it states that it helps to remove nitrates and nitrites.I have tested it out on 2 tanks with 1 box and it works for me , no fish died.It feels like a good buy as a buffer to keep your water clean . Especially when you ca n't put carbon in .
 My kitty got worms twice this year . It 's gross and disgusting , but it does n't have to be expensive . My vet wants about $ 120 to give a shot to get rid of the worms . The shot works , but so do these tablets , for about 1/12th the price . And kitty has n't had a recurrence yet .
 I have taken in many abandoned cats over the years and this is what I give them . This product is the generic version of the stuff you get from the vet . VERY EFFECTIVE ! Usually goes away in one treatment . Sometimes I give two treatments just to be sure.I live in a mobile home park where pets are allowed . Everyone has a pet and the parasites are in the soil . I keep this product in stock at home . The first sign of tapeworms and this stuff comes out of the cabinet . I have to medicate one of my cats for hyperthyroidism so I useGreenies Pill Pockets for Cats , Salmon , 1.6 ounce . Cats love them ! You will never have to force down a pill again !!! Place 1/2 tablet per 1 pill pocket . No struggling . No fuss . Also in chicken and duck flavor.Tapeworms come from fleas so use a good flea med too . Make sure to vacuum carpets and pet areas and wash all bedding . I like to clean the cat box and replace the litter also to reduce the possibility of re-infestation . Oh yeah , do n't forget the cardboard cat scratchers ; it 's a good time to replace them .
 My old tom cat Old Lad who had adopted me as a stray had tapeworms and I wanted to do something about it to make him well . I got the Tape Worm Tabs for Cats and a single dose did the trick and he has been free of the problem since .
 Seems to work very well for my cat . Just watch the dosage/weight . Once , I gave my cat too strong of a dose and he was listless and pathetic for more than a day - it is poison after all . Otherwise , very effective .
 I am happy to say that this item did exactly what it is supposed to do . The seller got it to me in a timely manner and if I am unlucky enough to need to reorder this I will definitely use this seller again .
 worked good would reccomend for any body with out side cats . the best I have ever used . price was right
 Worked really fast now both of our cats are healthy ! no more problems since we used this product!Thank You !
 These tapeworm tablets do the trick . My feline had them one pill they are gone if your cat kills things you need to keep these on hand , enough said .
 I love that I do not have to get an RX for this . I know when my cats have issues . Tablets for any cat are iffy , but these seem to get down easier .
 The item arrived as it was described . And was definitely useable . It however took a considerably long time to arrive .
 The Tape Worm Tablets for Cats and Kittens have never let me down when my poor guys get a tapeworm from fleas or other little critters they end up eating . I just use a pill-shooter and get one tab into each of my cats and voila ! The worms are gone . I could n't be happier with these to be honest and I will definitely buy them again or suggest them to others .
 Well worth replacing the original -LRB- broken -RRB- squeakers in my dog 's favorite toys . They have lasted several months so far , -LRB- the originals having lasted less than the first hour -RRB- . This is so much better than replacing the whole toy .
 I received the squeekies in good time and in good condition . I am going to use these squeekies in some dog toys that I am going to make for the girls . I am anxious to get started . I would recommend these to everyone . They are good to replace lost or punctured squeekies , too .
 These foams fit my underwater filters perfectly and work great . I have been using them for some years now and never had a problem . They filter dirt very well and even mud .
 Great media to have in my fluval fx5 canister filter . would recommend to anyone to buy this item . Works great
 I purchased for my FX5 works great . I would recommend to get 2 boxes for that filter . I run these on bottom , bio balls in center , and polishing pad on top .
 This little gadget does actually work most of the time . My Vet charges $ 8 each for this and he ca n't keep them on the shelves . I ca n't say that the device is perfect , but it sure beats trying to get those things off any other way.It works best when the tick is engorged -LRB- and looking like an ugly grey raisin -RRB- . If the tick is still feeding and not yet fully engorged , it 's a little bit harder to get off . However , even noting that , most of the time when you find a tick on your dog , it 's either not bitten them yet or , sadly , has already had a feast.The little prong device is good at sliding around the tick so that when you apply pressure , you release the whole tick and do n't leave the mouth embedded in your darling doggie 's neck or body . It is much better than using tweezers , a match head -LRB- heaven forbid ! -RRB- or rubing alcohol.I suggest that you keep one of these in your pet First Aid kit and also carry one with you when you go to the Dog park . it might not even be a bad idea to keep one in the car . This is the kind of device you will want to have multiples of . Buy several at once and save on shipping . You may not think you need one now , but Tick season is just around the corner . The first time you use this , you 'll see the genius of it .
 My wife and I and our dog spend much of our freetime outdoors . This is the best tool I 've ever seen for removing ticks cleanly and easily . No more pulling wads of dog hair with each tick and when you get a tick it pops them out in seconds including the head . If you ever have to deal with Ticks this is the tool to do the job .
 not a bad product . The tick is often dislodged safely but the twister doesnt have anything to capture it so the little arachnid manages to grab back on to the pet . I use this and a tweezer to dislodge and remove the ticksUPDATEWe have been using this product every day to remove ticks from our dog -LRB- and us -RRB- . We have a lot of tall grass close by and with the Tick epidemic we are having this year , it has become an invaluable and useful tool . I will never use tweezers again!Ticks remove completely and without fuss or fear of damage within seconds . Works best on large ticks
 During the heavy tick season this spring in N. Illinois I found that the Tick Twister has become an invalueable tool . Being an avid outdoorsman and owning four dogs whom no matter how much flea & tick medicine seem to attract a tick or two on our small farm . Orginally I had purchased tick twisters from a different company which worked ok but were very cumbersome to hold on too due to there smaller sizes . I ordered this version from Amazon of which came within three days . This tick twister is much larger and easier to handle for older folks like my wife and I . The tick twister works great on humans as well . My wife easily removed a couple off the back of my head where I could n't reach . The important factor is once you have the tool hooked under the body of the tick you simply give it slow twist and tick will come out completely not leaving the head in the flesh . I have shown this tick twister to many of my friends and co-workers whom have already ordered some for themselves . Best tool to own if you live , work or play in tick invested areas . Thankyou Amazon for featuring this item .
 I got my dog from a pound that did not provide much care . I found nine ticks on him right after I got him ... I used this to get everyone of them off . Much easier than tweezers !!!
 I have n't even had this for a week , and I 'm already impressed with how much easier it makes things . I have a somewhat skittish rescue dog who has a deep love of hiking and water , and who especially tends to romp around in the areas most likely to result in fleas . Tweezing or hand-removing ticks from her was kind of an exercise in zenlike patience , since she does n't like being held still to get precise enough to remove the ticks safely.With this simple piece of plastic , I can be distracting her with affection while I simply find my target by touch . A quick slide and twist , and the ticks have come off quite easily -LRB- and mostly alive , which is a good sign their heads are still attached -RRB- . So maybe this thing seems overpriced to be a small piece of plastic -- and going strictly by materials costs , it definitely is -- but it 's worth every penny and more in the convenience it brings .
 It really works !! Just a few days after I received it , I felt a spot at the back of my head by my neck . I was sure it was just a hard piece of skin , but when I had my husband check , lo and behold , sure enough a tick . The second one in a couple weeks . My husband , who is not good at these things at all , had it off in seconds , head and all . We were both amazed that it actually worked as was stated .
 There 's no need to say much about this product . Slip it around the tick , and twist . I received the product and tried it immediately on a small tick -LRB- IMO , the toughest to remove -RRB- that I had found . It took all of two seconds to get the tick . No dog squirming or anything . Buy this , you wo n't regret it !
 I have a big tick problem here in South Georgia and continually find ticks on my beagle , but never on my lab . I researched how to remove them and only found the tweezer/match/alcohol procedure , which I really did n't want to do . After much more research I found the Tick Twister noted in different articles . As the articles stated I tried to find them locally at my area veterinarians -LRB- I called over 20 -RRB- and pet stores and no one had ever heard of them & some acted/looked at me like I was crazy for even suggesting something like this product existed . Even the vets said that they just use tweezers and they 'd remove them for a small price . I found them here & ordered 2 of them immediately and I 'm so glad I did . They are much better than trying to get a tick out with tweezers and no fear of squeezing the tick thus infecting the person or pet . The Tick Twister is a great tool , although it took a moment to get the hang of it it then only took about 2.5 seconds to get the tick out . This time my dog did n't whimper :-RRB- I just wish all the vets offices & pet stores around here carried them . Thank you so much for a great product *****
 I had the tick twister and lost it ... and I looked all over for it because my horse had a tick never did find it so I used my tweezers ... What a joke !!! I got online and ordered 2 right away because nothing works as well or easy as this does . It works on people and animals I love them and wont be without it .
 I always struggle awfully trying to get ticks off with tweezers , and this particular tick was so engorged and so dug in , there was no way I was getting it with tweezers . I read about this and went to Pet Smart and got one and the tick was off in literally 3 seconds . Every dog owner should have one of these .
 The tick twister really does the job . . in the 2 times that I had to use it -LRB- even though my dog is on a monthly regimen of Frontline Advantage flea and tick -RRB- the tick twister was quick , easy to use and most importantly pulled out the tick and head in 1 motion . It couldnt be any simpler .
 I have found this product easy to use on both large and small ticks on my dogs . In fact I purchased an extra one and took it to the pediatrics clinic I work at . I recently used it to remove a deer tick from behind a child 's ear . It came off easily and in one piece much to the relief of the mother .
 I live in Germany where the tick problem is out of control . I am constantly pulling them off my German Sheppard . Even with his thick hair it is a breeze using the Tick Twister . I have never once lost a head using it .
 I think this is a wonderful product . Removes ticks with amazing ease . I live in the country and the wild turkeys ca n't keep up with eating all the ticks the deer and other critters leave on my property.I can locate the tick , slip the Tick Twister in between the belly of the tick and the dogs skin and slowly pull straight out , -LRB- no twisting as the name implies -RRB- , dab the site with a alcohol swab and the head of the tick has been pulled out each and every time . Blood from the tick is n't forced back into the animal , as it is with all other methods I 've tried . This is truely a little jewel .
 This is a fantastic gadget at a very reasonable price . We have removed two engorged deer ticks from our dogs so far , and the operation could not be easier . This is FAR better than trying to squeeze the tick with tweezers , with much less threat of compressing the tick until it regurgitates into the wound . Much less traumatic for the dogs too . We bought several and are giving them away to friends .
 As the owner of two big dogs who like to romp around in the outdoors , I 've wrestled many a tick in my day . It 's always been a delicate operation with the worry of leaving part of the tick inside or giving the dogs small wounds where the tweezers dig in.This tick twister works like a miracle
 The tick twister shipped quickly , arrived in its original packaging , and was as described . I have n't used the product yet , but -LRB- with my job -RRB- I 'm sure to soon . It looks like it will work great for my needs . ~ Jenn
 I paid $ 5.00 for the Tick Twister at my vets office . I would have paid $ 10.00 . This has been an awful year for animals as far as ticks are concerned . I take care of several abandoned cats and live near a wooded area . These cats have been ravaged by ticks this year . I was pulling them out the best I could by hand but many times the head would not come out and the animals would be left with wounds and scabs on their bodies . This tick twister is so easy to use . Just slide it over the tick and twist and pull . Very slick . Wish I had found this sooner . I hope that whatever conditions existed this year that caused such an increase in the tick population will not happen again next year .
 This thing really removes ticks easily , our dog appreciates that ! I wish I knew about this thing years ago ! Love this thing !
 Bought this for hiking trip in tick infested area . I never had to use it , so ca n't really say how well it was needed buy is a nice tool that can be attached to key chain for quick access .
 Works well - pretty much as advertised . Its not high tech , hardest part was getting a squirmy cat to hold still . lol
 This little tick remover does exactly what it is supposed to do and helps you do it quickly . It has my seal of approval .
 This was the best item I have ever purchased . It has worked form me every time . I ' v not had to try it on deer ticks , so I cant say anything about that , but for the dog tick/brown tick it 's great !! There is no need to touch the things and they always come out in one piece . I do n't know why the other reviewers had issues getting them out before they were fully engorged because I have had not problems with that ... If you cant get your dog to sit still for a couple of minutes , you will not be able to use this , but it really only takes about 5-6 rotations and that thing is out . It works so well , I had to get another one to keep with me at all times .
 I ordered this because I got tired or crushing ticks with tweezers while removing them from my dog . Having removed several ticks with it , I can say it works great . I wish I ordered this years ago . It 's very simple - it probably cost 10 cents to manufacture , but it 's effective . Just twist and the tick will come off without leaving the head stuck in the dog .
 This is a great product . I hate pulling out the ticks from my dogs , always worried I 'll break off the head , this item does the job with out pain or worry .
 I just looked down at my leg at work and saw a dog tick attached . It had n't had its fill of me yet though . Wanting to remove it right , I went to the local Aubuchon Hardware and picked this up for less then 5 bucks after tax . Used it in the parking lot - it worked like magic . No pain , tick came out quick - it was a dog tick though , so was pretty good size . Worth the money .
 This plant is bad ass . looks remarkably like a plant im fond of . Id reccommend this item for sure !!
 These look good and the suction cups are working great -LRB- although I did use some spit right off the bat cause thats classic -RRB- ... but I wonder if the plastic variety would be better in my high-humidity terrarium ... the silk does look good though . I actually took one person 's advice and went to the Michael 's craft store and got loads of awesome plastic plants etc. for way less .
 I tried to find Abuliton genus information but all I kept finding were references to cannabis bushes - the leaves on this abuliton are similar to the cannabis plant - there 's no denying it - but since they are fake and silk , there 's no danger . I first found one bag in my local fish store in the reptile section and figured I 'd give it a shot for my tropical freshwater aquarium as a background plant but first I emailed Hagen company to hear it from them that it was safe for use in water with fish and they confirmed that it was . So I soaked them in a bucket of water conditioned with Prime and added them to my tank . I love it ! I bought 4 more and they are very natural looking and hide all my equipment and tubing and provide hiding places for my fish . I highly recommend these . Exo-Terra by Hagen also come in Ficus , Ruscus , Mandarin and Amapallo . ************************ update April 2010
 I love it , looks great in my vivarium . The only dislike I have is that in the photo , they look so much more colorful and realistic . The ones I recieved look kind of ... dead and discolored . But is still a very nice product . Thanks !!
 Nothing super special about this fake plant . Looks nice and easy to position around . Our brown anoles lounge in it at night .
 This is just a awsome plant very natural looking , i have alot of people that ask me if it real and it also helps with the humidity becouse i just spray water in it and it helps e cage be in 40-65 %
 Hard to go wrong with plastic plants but I was happy with the purchase nonetheless . Exactly what I expected . Yay !
 This fits perfect in a 10 Gallon Aquarium Tank . I bought this mainly to hide a black probe cable that goes inside the tank .
 This is for a halloween costume , and it is perfect . Not sure what the original purpose of it is , but it works for what I intended .
 My turtles really like the green feeling in their habitat now . So much so it is coming apart ! Got a really good deal on this so I guess it is ok . Better than having to replace the dead moss all the time ! Like that it came in several strands connecting to the main strand and that it had a little suction cup attached so the turtles cant mess with it too much . They are always rearranging their home !
 I was browsing Amazon for some items for my terrarium and this popped up . When they say large , they mean large . This thing easily fills up a whole side of the terrarium wall . My frilled dragons love playing in it . Highly recommended .
 This is the nicest aquarium plant I 've ever seen . It is Very high-quality soft and life like . I wish I 'd ordered more than one .
 I loved how long this item was and the shipped it so fast . Yes I would tell others to buy this .
 Im not much for fake plants but wanted to `` decorate '' my snake tank so I bought some of these.They look pretty good and my snake loves climbing through them.The suction cup holds pretty well as my snake -LRB- aboout 2 feet long -RRB- hasnt knocked them down at all.I also bought the Ruscus plantsHagen Exo Terra Silk Terrarium Plant , Large , Ruscusand am equally pleased with them.I would definetly buy these again .
 My tortoises are pretty choosy about their groceries . For that reason , I 've had a lot of difficulty getting them to take their vitamins regularly . This spray bottle vitamin is perfect . A couple of quick squirts on their food tray in the morning and I can feel that they are getting their vitamins when they need them.In the garden , I sometimes follow the tortoise and actually spray vitamins on the plant that she is about to gobble the leaves from . Hah ! Who says tortoises are -LRB- always -RRB- smarter than humans , eh ?
 I have a little maroon-bellied conure who 's intimidated by larger toys that sometimes say they 're intended for `` conure sized birds '' . I think they usually mean sun conure - or larger - size . This toy is great for him because he enjoys cockatiel/parakeet toys much more . They tend to be easier for him to chew , more colorful , and noisier -LRB- oh , how he loves the bells . -RRB- I would highly recommend this toy for a bird of his species and curiosity ! He did eventually chew the rubbery rope that holds the toys together to pieces and `` broke '' the toy into its individual parts , but now the star-sticks are some of his favorite foot toys and play with so it 's still a win .
 These are not the original sand perches that we used to buy . Now just plastic with some kind of grit glued on .
 I ordered two , should of ordered more , lol my 5 birds are fighting over them and two stay on one all the time ! Lol - They delivered fast , they are the perfect size for a cockatiel or parakeet and a great price .
 My cockatiels love this , have some of them in the cage and they spend a lot of time swinging.I bought one , and a couple of weeks later need to buy more , because both of them try to get in at the same time , and was kind of difficult to share .
 This plant is bad ass . looks remarkably like a plant im fond of . Id reccommend this item for sure !!
 These look good and the suction cups are working great -LRB- although I did use some spit right off the bat cause thats classic -RRB- ... but I wonder if the plastic variety would be better in my high-humidity terrarium ... the silk does look good though . I actually took one person 's advice and went to the Michael 's craft store and got loads of awesome plastic plants etc. for way less .
 I tried to find Abuliton genus information but all I kept finding were references to cannabis bushes - the leaves on this abuliton are similar to the cannabis plant - there 's no denying it - but since they are fake and silk , there 's no danger . I first found one bag in my local fish store in the reptile section and figured I 'd give it a shot for my tropical freshwater aquarium as a background plant but first I emailed Hagen company to hear it from them that it was safe for use in water with fish and they confirmed that it was . So I soaked them in a bucket of water conditioned with Prime and added them to my tank . I love it ! I bought 4 more and they are very natural looking and hide all my equipment and tubing and provide hiding places for my fish . I highly recommend these . Exo-Terra by Hagen also come in Ficus , Ruscus , Mandarin and Amapallo . ************************ update April 2010
 I love it , looks great in my vivarium . The only dislike I have is that in the photo , they look so much more colorful and realistic . The ones I recieved look kind of ... dead and discolored . But is still a very nice product . Thanks !!
 Nothing super special about this fake plant . Looks nice and easy to position around . Our brown anoles lounge in it at night .
 This is just a awsome plant very natural looking , i have alot of people that ask me if it real and it also helps with the humidity becouse i just spray water in it and it helps e cage be in 40-65 %
 Hard to go wrong with plastic plants but I was happy with the purchase nonetheless . Exactly what I expected . Yay !
 This fits perfect in a 10 Gallon Aquarium Tank . I bought this mainly to hide a black probe cable that goes inside the tank .
 This is for a halloween costume , and it is perfect . Not sure what the original purpose of it is , but it works for what I intended .
 My turtles really like the green feeling in their habitat now . So much so it is coming apart ! Got a really good deal on this so I guess it is ok . Better than having to replace the dead moss all the time ! Like that it came in several strands connecting to the main strand and that it had a little suction cup attached so the turtles cant mess with it too much . They are always rearranging their home !
 I was browsing Amazon for some items for my terrarium and this popped up . When they say large , they mean large . This thing easily fills up a whole side of the terrarium wall . My frilled dragons love playing in it . Highly recommended .
 This is the nicest aquarium plant I 've ever seen . It is Very high-quality soft and life like . I wish I 'd ordered more than one .
 I loved how long this item was and the shipped it so fast . Yes I would tell others to buy this .
 Im not much for fake plants but wanted to `` decorate '' my snake tank so I bought some of these.They look pretty good and my snake loves climbing through them.The suction cup holds pretty well as my snake -LRB- aboout 2 feet long -RRB- hasnt knocked them down at all.I also bought the Ruscus plantsHagen Exo Terra Silk Terrarium Plant , Large , Ruscusand am equally pleased with them.I would definetly buy these again .
 These are great quality and sturdy . My cats love them . They are n't making a mess either , like other brands sometimes do . Will definitely buy more !
 MY CAST JUST LOVE THIS CARPETED SCRATCHING POST . I LOOKED EVERYWHERE AND FINALLY WENT TO THE INTERNET . THE MATERIALS THAT OTHERS ARE USING TO MAKE THESE IS TERIBLE . THIS PRODUCT IS THE BEST !!
 Wood backing and nice size . My kitties love it ! It was priced well under what I would pay at a pet store so I 'm not too worried if they destroy it .
 My Molly love this , she laid right down on the base and hugged it ! Less mess to clean from those cardboard ones !
 This item is the best one I have ever had . It is sturdy , the carpet is strong and does not come out and make a mess like others I have purchased in the pet stores . My cat loves it.I highly recommend this item for your cat .
 I recieved this product fast within few days and My cat really likes it and stop using the furniture and what not .
 Our kittens love this post . They would not touch the several sisal scratch posts that we already had . Very prompt delivery . Very short life-span with two kittens constantly scratching and biting the carpet surrounding the post . I would give it about six months before replacement is needed . Nevertheless , still worth it as the alternative is replacing much more expensive human furniture ! We have purchased four of these posts so far and will purchase more . = ^ . . ^ =
 We have 2 large rescued cats and we foster for a local group as well . In other words , we have a lot of kitties running around . This scratcher is very sturdy and does n't fall over . The carpet on it is very thick - the thickest we 've ever had on a scratcher . Our cats immediately started using it without any encouragement , and they can really give it a good scratch without any problems . To say that it has taken a beating is an understatement , and it has lasted many months . In our house , that is some sort of miracle . The kitties eventually started getting little pieces of carpet to come off , but they are easy to pick up -LRB- not like a cardboard scratcher -RRB- . For the price , it is an excellent scratcher . We just purchased another one of these to replace the older one . The second one showed up just as sturdy and well-made as the first . We are very happy with this purchase .
 She immediately started using this cat scratching post . No need to coax her with catnip , hopefully saving my upholstered furniture .
 I bought this scratching post after my cat turned down his nose at several other types . He did n't need any coaxing to use this one ! He is not a little kitty -LRB- almost 14lbs -RRB- and the post holds up very well when he 's playing with it . The only downside is that he loves it so much I doubt it 'll last more than 6 months . But the product is really well priced and I 'd rather buy a new scratching post then new carpet for my apartment !
 I like this little post . It 's just the right size , and since my cats are carpet cats , they took to it right away . -LRB- A little squirt of catnip spray did n't hurt -RRB-
 This scratching post is VERY well made . It has a thick , sturdy base and a carpeted cap on the top that so many are lacking . I 'll purchase from Molly And Friends again .
 $ 20 for a scratching post of this quality is a steal.Cat has gone psycho on the thing countless times and it seems to be holding up to the abuse . I 've owned it for 2 months or so and the carpeting remains strong . Good all around cat scratching post .
 I just got this scratching post yesterday . I rubbed a very small amount of catnip on the post . She took care of that then went crazy scratching the post . She has rubbed her scent all over it . She absolutely loves it ... even sits part way on the base in between scratching . I 've been searching for a post for quite some time , all I could find were shaggy carpet ones . . which I wanted no part of . This one has a very tight nap to it , is very well made and has a nice weight to it . Exactly what I was looking for ! When it gets worn out , I know exactly where to look and will order another one . Very happy customer !!! ... . and so is the cat : -RRB-
 There are a lot of products you can buy to dechlorinate tap water , but this is the most economical one of the bunch and it really works . I 've never lost a fish to water changes when I use AmQuel.I 've always used the liquid , but I going to try the powder to save on shipping .
 This plant is bad ass . looks remarkably like a plant im fond of . Id reccommend this item for sure !!
 These look good and the suction cups are working great -LRB- although I did use some spit right off the bat cause thats classic -RRB- ... but I wonder if the plastic variety would be better in my high-humidity terrarium ... the silk does look good though . I actually took one person 's advice and went to the Michael 's craft store and got loads of awesome plastic plants etc. for way less .
 I tried to find Abuliton genus information but all I kept finding were references to cannabis bushes - the leaves on this abuliton are similar to the cannabis plant - there 's no denying it - but since they are fake and silk , there 's no danger . I first found one bag in my local fish store in the reptile section and figured I 'd give it a shot for my tropical freshwater aquarium as a background plant but first I emailed Hagen company to hear it from them that it was safe for use in water with fish and they confirmed that it was . So I soaked them in a bucket of water conditioned with Prime and added them to my tank . I love it ! I bought 4 more and they are very natural looking and hide all my equipment and tubing and provide hiding places for my fish . I highly recommend these . Exo-Terra by Hagen also come in Ficus , Ruscus , Mandarin and Amapallo . ************************ update April 2010
 I love it , looks great in my vivarium . The only dislike I have is that in the photo , they look so much more colorful and realistic . The ones I recieved look kind of ... dead and discolored . But is still a very nice product . Thanks !!
 Nothing super special about this fake plant . Looks nice and easy to position around . Our brown anoles lounge in it at night .
 This is just a awsome plant very natural looking , i have alot of people that ask me if it real and it also helps with the humidity becouse i just spray water in it and it helps e cage be in 40-65 %
 Hard to go wrong with plastic plants but I was happy with the purchase nonetheless . Exactly what I expected . Yay !
 This fits perfect in a 10 Gallon Aquarium Tank . I bought this mainly to hide a black probe cable that goes inside the tank .
 This is for a halloween costume , and it is perfect . Not sure what the original purpose of it is , but it works for what I intended .
 My turtles really like the green feeling in their habitat now . So much so it is coming apart ! Got a really good deal on this so I guess it is ok . Better than having to replace the dead moss all the time ! Like that it came in several strands connecting to the main strand and that it had a little suction cup attached so the turtles cant mess with it too much . They are always rearranging their home !
 I was browsing Amazon for some items for my terrarium and this popped up . When they say large , they mean large . This thing easily fills up a whole side of the terrarium wall . My frilled dragons love playing in it . Highly recommended .
 This is the nicest aquarium plant I 've ever seen . It is Very high-quality soft and life like . I wish I 'd ordered more than one .
 I loved how long this item was and the shipped it so fast . Yes I would tell others to buy this .
 Im not much for fake plants but wanted to `` decorate '' my snake tank so I bought some of these.They look pretty good and my snake loves climbing through them.The suction cup holds pretty well as my snake -LRB- aboout 2 feet long -RRB- hasnt knocked them down at all.I also bought the Ruscus plantsHagen Exo Terra Silk Terrarium Plant , Large , Ruscusand am equally pleased with them.I would definetly buy these again .
 I have two orange tabby cats that are brothers and used to sleeping on top of each other for warmth -LRB- and companionship -RRB- . My main bedroom is downstairs in the basement and in Colorado , it can get a bit cold in the winters . I went to the store and got a medium sized dog bed , cut a hole in the corner of it , put this pad on the bottom and the thin cushion that the bed came with on the top . My cats LOVE this home-made heated bed.To make it even more awesome , I put a Purr-Pad on top and I 'm hard pressed to get the cats out of this bed.I highly recommend this product !
 We sleep in a cool bedroom and our dog is now eleven years old . He seems to love it . So what else can I say ?
 This product is fantastic . I am visiting South Lake Tahoe , CA , from Florida . My `` southern '' kitty would be freezing if I did not have this heating pad . She loves it . I think I might purchase more of these heating pads and place them in different places where she likes to go . That way she can be warm wherever she is .
 We have two cats and of course they each have to have their own toasty warm place to cuddle up when it 's chilly . We use timers so the pads are only on during the day -LRB- the cats are in bed with us at night ! -RRB- .
 We use it on his bed under a towel on the covered porch for our indoor/outdoor kitty when we are at work At first , he thought it was too warm but now he loves it . Unfortunately now he wakes us up at 2am because he wants to go outside to snuggle in it.We take a star away because there we no instructions and I have no ides how safe it is
 Our old lady is dealing with achy joints and sparse fur . This is a comfort to her all day long . Love it ! Thanks
 My little dog loves it as we turn the heat in our home down at nite.Its a perfect fit for her kennel in the basement .
 the heating pad worked okay for our dog . We inserted it under the cover of his bed and it gets mildly warm .
 Item that was in the box was not the same item in the ad or the same item pictured on the box . It did not have the circuit breaker plug that was pictured , but rather just a straight plug . Still seems to work good , the cat has not complained .
 My old cat LOVES her petmate heating pad -LRB- 10x20 -RRB- the only time she leaves it is to eat or use the litter box . I like the heavy duty `` bite proof '' cord .
 This is a great product . I already had the bed it fit in , so I just needed the heater . My weenie dog is elderly and it really helps him through the winter . He loves it !
 I purchased two of these for my senior cats -LRB- ages 11 & 13 -RRB- to ease arthritis during the winter months . They now spend most of the day on them , and seem to move around more easily with less joint stiffness . The pad 's size is enough to fit two small -LRB- ~ 10 lbs . each -RRB- cats curled up next to each other , or one small cat stretched out . I have one for the shared cat bed & one overlapping a couch cushion near the -LRB- birdwatching -RRB- window . I was initially concerned about the constant heat directly on the couch , but the warmth generated is very subtle -LRB- e.g. like someone just got up from sitting on the cushion for a while -RRB- . It seems to be just enough for the kitties , though , so I may buy yet another one for another cat nap spot .
 I have a 16 year old cat that seems to use this heating pad everyday and he loves it I no longer need to use the fireplace to heat him up
 This pet heating pad is well-loved by my cat . I put a couple small towels between her bed cover and the heating pad to make sure that the temperature is not too high for her . She has spent many hours snoozing the day away on this wonderful product !
 Hey , our cat is living large . Bought this for installation under a small cat bed , which is located on a bench in our garage . Even thought the garage stays above freezing , this little heater turned his bed into a cozy warm retreat . Cat loves it and is always curled up and comfortable . Well made , no obvious issues with hurting or electrocuting the cat ... of course , ours ' does not chew on the cord ... . which is designed and extremely well insulated . Great product , consumes very little energy , highly recommended ... . just match the size of your pet with the available heater sizes .
 This heating pad is absolutely perfect for my Maltese puppies ! It has a chew proof cord and stays at a constant perfect warm temp . My other pads shut off and had to be turned on again and I hated it because I always worried it would auto shut off in the night and the puppies would get chilled . This one stays on until you unplug it . It 's nice size . My 7 pound female and her puppies all fit on it . I just slide it under the blanket ... works great and I 'm buying more !
 My dog loves it . It gets warm without getting anywhere near hot and I like that I can leave it plugged in .
 Works great , the cord is very long so great mobility does n't get too hot perfect temperature for the dogs heavy duty .
 This was a great pad for about a year . My dog finally managed to chew through the tough metal cable which covers the electrical chord . Luckily I noticed . So I would recommend it but make sure to check often for any deterioration of the cable which could be dangerous .
 The dog went down and I nean down with a herniated disc , After 700.00 in xrays and blood tests we needed some help to keeep the pain under control . She takes meds every day and the heat is a little extra comfort .
 I have this under the pillow of one of my 4 cat beds and Napoleon loves it ... especially during cold winter nights ... Works great and gives a mild heat and safely .
 good product , as advertised , packed well shipped right and was just what I expected . It was a replacement for an older dog pad .
 I purchased two of these to keep my four pups warm during the winter . They love them and we are all happy with their trouble-free operation .
 I have two large & lanky cats . They sleep in a large dog bed . Although they are inside cats winter can get chilly even in the South . To insure their comfort I bought the 10-by-20-Inch Petmate heating pad because it can run right down the center of the pet bed . The electrical cord is very flexible yet sturdy . The pad stays warm and my cats love it .
 Now that my 2 small dogs -LRB- 15 pounds each -RRB- have figured out that their bed is warm , it is hard to get them out of it . They are warm and happy , and I am glad that I made this purchase .
 I have several of these warmers and my pets LOVE them ! Any pet would love you more if you bought them one !
 I keep this plugged in 24/7 and keeps my dogs beds nice and warm , but does n't feel like it gets TOO hot . I bought one of these from another company and that one seems to get too hot if I leave it plugged in for a long period of time . Since my dogs like to borrow and pets are not supposed to lay directly on this unit , I bought a travel pillow case from Walmart and zipped it inside . This way if they decide to lay on the pad , there is still a cover on it .
 I have an 18 year old cat and this pet heating pad really helps her be calm and resting through the night .
 they would fight over who gets the warm bed if I had not ordered two of these -- work great
 It says on the pad to use with petmate beds . I made a slipcover for it , then covered it with a fleece blanket and it actually heats enough for my dog . I had tried a heating pad from petsmart once and I could not even feel the heat from it , but this one gets really hot , and then seems to regulate . I did notice my dog moved to his other bed -LRB- without the heating pad -RRB- one night , it must have been to warm , but then he came back an hour later . The plug does not have a circuit breaker on it but other than that it looks the same as the photo . I have only had for about 3 weeks and I unplug it every morning , so hope it will last !
 my tiny doggies love that their bed is warmer than mine !!! I am going to order 1 more for back up .
 My dog 's new best friend ! He used to sleep in a tiny little tight ball at night and now spralls out on his bed in comfort . My husband likes to turn the heat down at night and sleep under the covers but my dog does n't stay under a blanket . I bought this bed warmer and put it in the plush bed I already had for my dog and he is very happy at night ! You do have to remember to unplug it in the morning so it wo n't run all day . The one I had from last year finally died from being left on all the time day and night . If you unplug it during the day it seems to have a long life time and makes my dog very comfortable .
 This pad does a good job of warming my old dog 's bed up for her . It 's nothing fancy , but it does what it 's supposed to do . The circuit breaker on the power cord is a good saftey feature . The cord has a `` chew resistant '' covering , but I imagine a good sized pooch could gnaw right through it , so it would be wise to tuck the cord out of the way if you have a dog that 's prone to chewing .
 I bought this heating pad as a Christmas present for my girl friend 's ageing cat . We placed it under a towel on the floor and after a day or so it discoverd the warm spot , and now spends a lot of time there . Seems a hit with the kitty .
 While this does appear to be a well-made heating pad with steady , gentle heat ; it could be improved upon by having an on/off switch and/or a timer . -LRB- It DOES NOT have a switch on the plug or GFI , as shown in the picture . -RRB- We did get a timer unit , but it is still difficult to use it at random times of the day ; such as , when we want to turn it on after a long walk out in the cold . One thing to note , since the pad is so small for a bigger dog with a bigger bed , our dog usually `` misses '' the warm spot when he does lay on his bed . It would be much better , if this pad were much bigger . We now use two of these per big dog bed . For now , this seems like the best heating pad we have found . It heats significantly warmer than the K & H similar-sized pad we tried . -LRB- Petmate pad is 30 watts , K & H pad is 13 watts . -RRB- But we will keep looking for a better choice . Hope this helps ...
 This is probably my dog 's favorite item among all the things I have bought him over the years . I put it under his little pet bed and hook it up to a timer so that it wo n't burn out the heater . Our dog is kind of a weenie about our bedroom being chilly in the mornings , but since setting this up , he 's perfectly content . Inexpensive and dog approved .
 Great product that works as advertised . It would be nice to have an adjustable temperature control I suppose , but my pooch is practically glued to this thing as is . I like it enough that I 'm buying another for a different location .
 My 11 year old cats both have arthritis and this helps in the colder weather . I have this set up by a window so they can keep warm while they watch the birds out side . Great product .
 This stripping comb is perfect . No need to go out and buy an expensive comb to groom your wire haired dog . This price is great and it 's a well made combo and does a great job ! I highly recommend it but before you use it , it 's important to know how to use it . I have a small 12 pound terrier who had never been groomed and I stripped her in less than 15 minutes .
 I have had a saltwater tank for about 12 years now . Over that time have had periodic problems with Algae outbreaks ; and cringe at the idea of brushing my live rock ! for reason 's of tampering with rock that has taken years to seed with beautiful micro aquatic life . Using Algae Magic over the course of 9 months I have seen the algae go from hopeless to hopeful ; and the overal health of the tank to imporve . I heartily recommend this product ; it does what it says ; and rather than hurt the tank it has helped and promoted a positive aquatic balance .
 Works pretty well on red slime but did n't touch the hair algae . Admittedly my tank has an over-abundance of algae but I was hoping for a little more . I like that this product is all natural and it did have some effect on the red slime algae so I think it 's a great starting point in the algae battle . It did not hurt my inverts , fish or corals -LRB- soft and hard -RRB- .
 I used this as a remedy for a recurring candida flare up in my eye -LRB- swollen , itchy , red -RRB- , and there was a huge obvious improvement overnight . If you are researching this aliment and considering this as a possible remedy , i absolutely recommend it . I 've done tons if research and tried quite a few natural treatments , but this is the first thing to dramatically give me results that stuck.For candida treatment
 In fishkeeping this is a trued and true to keep on hand for various disease problems ... and becoming difficult to find . Especially the big box chain pet stores , all they want to stock are these really expensive tablets of a mix of stuff you do n't need ; and the quantity of water you can treat with what you get , is too small . Glad to find it still being made as a separate item . Glad to find it in stock.It is used as a treatment for fungal infections . It can also be effective in treating fish infected with ich , the parasitic protozoa Ichthyophthirius multifiliis . It is usually used to protect newly laid fish eggs from being infected by fungus or bacteria . This is useful when the hobbyist wants to artificially hatch the fish eggs . Methylene Blue is also very effective when used as part of a `` medicated fish bath '' for treatment of ammonia , nitrite , and cyanide poisoning as well as for topical and internal treatment of injured or sick fish as a `` first response '' -LRB- as a side note it will stain aquarium tubing , airstones , and tank silicone blue , and kill off your biological filter ! -RRB-
 Methylene Blue is recommended for keeping fish eggs from developing fungus . My daughter is using it for angel fish eggs and it works great .
 I diluted it and used it for my microscope staining . Worked good and does the job I am very satisfied.Thank you .
 I use this for a bath for new additions to the tank . They get a five minute bath , then acclimate . The bottle I received a bottle well packed and sealed with tape . I received it quickly as well . The bottle was fresh and with a long expiration date . It came in the new packaging . A few drops in the bag , and bye bye nasty . Great for highlighting Ick on a fish that it is hard to see .
 Methylene blue is a very good product . It is very useful on curing diseases on fish . This product is the best cure out there for fish and for breeding fish .
 I was planning to use it for my breeding tank with my Angel Fish . I have n't had it for a long time tho . I tried to add it to the water with the fry without parents and did n't really work out well .
 This product is an excellent treatment to prevent fungal infections in fish . That said , it also does a nice job of killing plants and , due to the copper in the product , killing invertibrates -LRB- snails , shrimp , worms ... -RRB- . I 've also read that this stuff has medicinal value if you have a fungal infection in the brain . -LRB- Yes , apparently this can happen . -RRB- However , I would n't endorse or recommend the purchase of this product for that purpose , or attempting self-treatment without doctor supervision .
 Our goldfish had &#34; ick . &#34; We ordered this online because it was completely unavailable in any stores that were close to our home - all the pet stores seem to be on the other side of town . It arrived in less than twenty four hours ! Just in time to save our last goldfish . -LRB- It was a really bad case of &#34; ick . &#34; -RRB-
 I took one drop in a glass of water about 3 times.But for me that was good enough . I would not use this for a long term on humans.But when I took this , my brain function got better.Basically this penetrates inside brain and kill fungi.In my opinion long term use will interfere with the hormon and stuff.If you are planning to take it , I recommend you do a reserch.I have done this first and then took it .
 No problems receiving this item . I am treating my systemic candidiasis , so methylene blue must be significantly diluted before human consumption . It 's been a very big help to me . My long term use of antibiotics , plus taking naprosyn and cortisone from marathon running , along with a somewhat weakened immure system , allows candidia albican yeast to overgrow in the human body , and methylene blue kills it .9 / 08/2011 - I see the comment here , dated 6/22/2011 , which states using methylene blue as a practical joke . I do not think that is proper at all . On the local evening news broadcast in Hartford , CT , recently , a medical doctor is applying to the FDA for a patent , about a methyl derivative as a potent cancer cure . If interested , google WFSB and methyl sulfone . The race now is on to get very very rich . It 's no joke .
 I have to admit , I did n't buy this for any fish tank . I do n't even own a fish tank . I read online you can spike someone 's drink with this stuff and they will pee blue for a day . Instead of poisioning a friend and getting sued or worse I decided to try this on myself first and it works . I tried 10 drops from an eye dropper the first time and noticed my pee changed to a green color ... kinda cool but not the blue effect I was looking for . Tried again a few days later with 20 drops and shazam , blue pee . I 'm not saying it is healthy to ingest this stuff , in fact it says right on the bottle , not for human consumption so take this review at your own risk . The main problem I 've found with playing this type of hoax is whoevers drink you spike would already have to be very blue , maybe a blue margarita or some other blue drink because this stuff is very powerful and stains everything it touches . I tried it in my beer first and it looked like kool-aid ... yeah , somebody will notice that . The second time I tried it in a glass of dark red wine . You might be able to pull this off but the glass itself had a blue hue .
 Ok , Im gon na be frank , I see that this product is being purchases by customers who are buying glycerin . Well I decided to try it too , already knowing it wo n't work . Even bought a fair quantity to make sure I had enough and still it was n't working . See , this product is only got a small percentage of potassium permanganate . So it WO N'T START FIRE ! But used as intended , it really was handy for my cousin who has a pool and some fish .
 it looks like the picture . what you see is what you get . it seems real sturdy . i have a terrarium that is 18x18x24 and half of it stretched diagonally in the tank -LRB- i twisted it and doubled it up if that makes sense -RRB- perfect fit . i would recommend this product . my cresties have been climbing all over it
 We have one of these hanging from the ceiling in the kitchen so our cockatoo can still be with us when we are cooking and stuff . He absolutely loves it !! He 'll even reach for it if we are just walking by it a lot of times . He 'll hang from it and just spin around and around squawking and having fun . I would never make him go without one of these . In fact was are getting some more for other rooms in the house . A good toy to use if you do not have a lot of floor space too .
 Any rope curl toy -LRB- no matter the size or brand -RRB- seem to be great for most birds . Helps them maneuver around their cage - especially larger cages . And is also a fun hanging toy for play gyms and fun outside the cage . I would not recommend this to someone with a smaller cage unless it it put outside the cage because it does take up a lot of space . Overall this is a great toy/perch and my parrotlets love theirs .
 These bungee coils are great for my parakeets . They love the bounce they have sort of like natural tree branches . This is my second set for my fab four . Fun to decorate with too .
 The Bungee Bird Toy is excellent to use in a large cage . We 've got ours rigged in the corner and it goes from top to bottom , winding about the cage and providing our birds with additional places to perch . They love the different levels the Bungee creates -LRB- one cockatiel will sit at the top , another in the middle , and one more at the bottom . -RRB- They also like the way it swings when they move -- I imagine it 's very similar to sitting on a tree branch except for the colorful string . Just be careful that your bird does n't chew the string and swallow it . You also need to replace these when they get dirty .
 Our conure has 3 ropes and absolutely climbs all over these ropes . Excellent product .
 My Caique loves this at first I was going to put it in his cage then I thought since there is an eye hook right above where his cage sits I would hang it from the ceiling . He loves to play and dangle from the bottom with the bell . Great idea for any bird .
 My parakeet loves this toy . She runs/jumps/hops / flies up and down this toy and takes great pleasure in ringing the bell at the bottom .
 I have this installed in one corner of a large flight cage . My parakeets climb all over this rope , chasing each other up and down it sometimes too ! This is one of their favorites , so much in fact I ordered another one but this time the 3/4 inch rope . We 'll see how they like that one compared to the 1/2 inch when it comes in .
 Absolutely amazed at just how fast I received this super bird Creations Rope . Great product I have actually purchased this one a few years back and found many creative ways that I could use this Creations Rope . I would strongly suggest buying this for your birds for they will enjoy it . Easy to clean and lasts a long time with proper care and that is with anything in general .
 My cinnamon green cheek Conure bounces and swings on this rope all the time . He likes to chew it , however it will take him a long time to break through the rope . This is one of his favorite toys to be on . It 's great because you can expand the spring to be straighter , or you can keep it tightly curled . However you prefer . I highly recommend this rope !
 My parrots love to jump and hang upside down on these in the morning and relax on it during the dusk . Good product , should only be purchased as per bird foot size . Mine was for greys , small sizes are also available .
 I did n't purchase this exact rope , but I have one quite similar . My African Grey Parrot loves it . He climbs and sleeps on it . I think it 's his favorite thing in his cage !
 My bird litterally bullies this bungee . He pokes at it and makes this nagging sound and flares his wings at it -LRB- What is this about -RRB- . He also swings from it and rubs his beak on it which only confuses my husband and I so we decided not to take it out as originally planned . What can I say ... at least he is doing something with the darn thing .
 This is a great item , I buy them regularly for my parrots , they love to chew the rope and climb on it .
 I purchased this as a replacement for a worn out rope . This one is perfect for my cockatoo . It 's wide enough for her to walk on and the the price was great !
 This is a Great bird toy . It can provide away for the bird to get around the cage quicker and easier .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a pretty neat little product here , but our AG parrot is pretty shy when it comes to new things , and he has yet to take to this being anywhere near him for quite a while now . Oh well , maybe you 'll have better luck .
 This towel does the job . We keep it by the back door and pull it out when the dog is wet . The pockets on either end make it easy to dry each paw .
 A great aid for use with my little granddog . Does a good job after a walk in the rain . I was unable to locate it in stores but found it and received it right away from Amazon .
 This weekend I had my first opportunity to use this after giving my 9 week old pup a bath . THIS IS PERFECT ! I have had dogs all of my life growing up and I wish they would have made these sooner ! Did I mention , this is PERFECT ?!?! It soaked up all the extra water in her short coat and had her dry in no time . It also allowed for me hold her and get to all the places I needed to without losing control of her . :-RRB- I bought two of this size and as she gets bigger , I will be buying two of the larger size . I will even give these as gifts to frinds with pups , they are just that WONDERFUL ! A must have and if I was Oprah , I would put this on my FAVORITE THINGS list !
 The items came quickly and were exactly what I wanted . They made great stocking stuffers for Christmas and were a big hit . Thank you .
 I love this towel . I think it 's the best ever . I like them so much I have two . Especially when your dog comes in the house in the morning from being outside and there paws are wet . I think it 's really convenient . I really like the spots for your hands because when my dog is fighting me because she does n't want her feet dried . I have trouble holding her paw in the towel . With this towel I can hold on to her paws and still dry them . I have n't used it to dry my dogs after a bath so I ca n't review it for that . But to use it for just drying your dog 's feet it 's wonderful .
 I love this towel . I think it 's the best ever . I like them so much I have two . Especially when your dog comes in the house in the morning from being outside and there paws are wet . I think it 's really convenient . I really like the spots for your hands because when my dog is fighting me because she does n't want her feet dried . I have trouble holding her paw in the towel . With this towel I can hold on to her paws and still dry them . I have n't used it to dry my dogs after a bath so I ca n't review it for that . But to use it for just drying your dogs feet it 's wonderful .
 I have used towels to dry my dogs ' feet after coming inside in the morning or when it is raining and it is a pain . I will not say these absorb more water than a normal towel because i dont think they do , but they make it much easier to dry their feet . I have bought an extra one just to make sure i always have one to use .
 I 'm owned by my pets . It 's just a fact . I have two dogs that love to party outside and I have a backyard with a lot of places to get dirty , so when I saw this towel , my first reaction was , I have towels , but I do like it.So I went ahead and bought this towel , even though it was a little pricey , I just had to try it . Well , as it turns out , it was a good purchase . The design of the towel with pockets for your hands is actually very helpful when cleaning off dirty paws and other bits . It 's probably even big enough to dry off a whole big dog if they had short hair . But for a little clean-up it 's excellent.It 's a nice size and easy to store . If you are looking for a convenient way to keep dirty dog paws off your Berber carpet or Tibetan wool rug , you will probably like this towel a lot . You might even want two !
 I saw a video on YouTube that showcased these vines and I really liked how long they were . A little hard to setup but good buy .
 My cockatiel likes this bell . The fastener is easy to use and it will fit anywhere in the cage . Would recommend for birds who enjoy bells .
 This is classic toy for birds . All birds love to ring a bell . Purchased this one for my new bird 's cage , she loved to go in the other cage and ring their bell . Good delivery time .
 I 've had this bell toy for about 4 years . My parakeet loved to pull the beads and ring the bell with his beak and feet . My three cockatiels also quite enjoy it . One of them plays with it quite aggressively , but it 's still in great shape . It 's not a particularly complex toy , but it 's been lots of fun for my little flock .
 My parakeets are very skittish and were afraid of the bell at first , but once they got used to it there was no problem . They do n't ring it that often , but I think that more of a reflection on the birds rather than the product . If you have the kind of birds that do play with their toys , then this would be a good addition to their collection .
 Whenever I come home , I usually see my parakeet jingling the bells , or chewing on little bits of leather on the swing , or turning the beads . He perches on it all the time , and chews on the wood with happiness , his little eyes lighting up . If he did n't have his swing , he would n't be as happy as he is now . Even as I speak , he is playing with the swing . PARAKEETS LOVE THIS SWING !
 we have a 6 month old hound mix puppy - currently teething . . had her since she was 7 wks ... we have faithfully sprayed bitter apple on all our wood furniture - no staining appeared - and would watch as she backed off from it ... we have only one damaged area on a coffee table that she ` tested ' before we sprayed - and has not touched since ... this spray in combo with bully sticks has saved all the furniture in my house - she is very happy to leave anything that was sprayed and chew her bully sticks . btw - we have n't had to respray in months . . she understands - furniture no - chewy sticks yes . : -RRB-
 My golden retriever puppy is considered a `` power chewer '' - he chews everything ! He ruined pillows , rugs , down comforters you name it . When I bought all new things , including a new bed frame , I sprayed this on everything . Since then , he has n't chewed a single thing ! Had I known before , tis could have saved me thousands of dollars . I highly recommend this for puppy training .
 I bought this spray to stop my cats from chewing on cords . I previously had cord protectors on them , but the buggers simply chewed through the cord protectors to get to the cords . Once I used the spray it was a different story . Hah-hah ! One point for the humans !
 Grannicks Bitter Apple spray works . I spray it on my couch , chairs , wooden furniture , etc. . My pitbull loves to chew everything when we 're not home . We tried other products like this one but it did n't work . I remembered this one working for my other dog so we tried it and it 's great . She does n't chew anything we spray it on . The only down-side to this product is that it wears off pretty fast so every time we leave the house , we have to spray it again . I guess that 's how they get you to keep buying more . Hopefully she grows out of this chewing stage but until then , I guess we 'll be using this Bitter Apple spray !
 Works like a charm . Purchased this in preparation for our new puppy . We 've sprayed it on furniture , knobs , and our arms . Couple licks of this stuff and he does n't gnaw again .
 I recently purchased a ferret , and am working on nip training the kit.This helps a lot!Just spray liberally , and rub all over your hands -LRB- like youre washing them -RRB- until it dries . -LRB- One person commented that it is alcohol ... let it dry . -RRB- You can tell she hates the taste of my fingers , and in just a couple days her nipping has dropped substantially.Great product at a great price .
 I have a Shiba Inu puppy , and i can tell that its teething . All it wants to do is chew things , so ive bought it countless toys , and bully sticks to chew on . But , despite my efforts , this dog still manages to find SOMETHING ELSE to chew on ! -LRB- My slippers , shoes , random plastic things , random things period ! -RRB- . So , i bought this product hoping it would work , and it DOES ! No lie , ANYTHING i spray , he stops licking and makes this sort of disgusted expression that makes me laugh a little xD . TOTALLY WORTH THE PURCHASE !
 This definitely works as stated . A few sprays helped our puppy to stop treating his lead as a play toy . It has also helped him pretty quickly make the generalization that shoes and sandals do not taste good . We put it on old pairs just to be safe and left them out . Certainly helps kick some of these `` bad '' behaviors .
 I 've been using this spray to prevent my 10-week old redbone coonhound puppy from chewing on things he should n't . It 's quite effective . Anything that we spray with it he immediately avoids . He usually does n't even need to taste it ; the scent is enough to keep him away . My only qualm is that it only lasts for a little while , maybe a few hours at the most . However , that 's usually long enough for him to lose interest in whatever he was chewing on .
 Good stuff . Effective in breaking up fights -LRB- though perhaps more bc of the alcohol than due to the bitter apple - did n't realize it 's 30 % alcohol -RRB- . The dogs do not like the taste , but it either wears off after a time or they just fight through it to get at the hotspots and lick granulomas . Hence 4 of 5 stars .
 I bought this for my boxer/pit mix who absolutely loves to chew things ... including my furniture . Once i sprayed this on the furniture she had been chewing she has stopped . I reapply the spray to areas with heavy contact every few days , but the corners of furniture I 've only done about twice in the past month and she has n't gone after them.I 've also found this great to teach my dog not to chew shoes . My dog loves to chew mine and my girlfriends shoes so we sprayed this on them and leave the shoes out where the dog can get to them and after a handful of attempts the dog no longer goes after our shoes ! = -RSB- Bitter apple has worked as well as I could have wanted it to and it does n't leave any sticky residue and I have been able to spray it on things such as the bottom of our curtains ... furniture ... anything like that and it has n't stained them.I find that it really works ... at least for us . I do know of instances where dogs absolutely love the taste of the bitter apple so starting with a smaller bottle like this is great to see if it will work for you .
 I use this stuff on my coffee table , couch , and rugs . My teething bull-mix puppy does n't bother it for weeks afterward . I ca n't smell the stuff or notice it in any way . I was pleasantly surprised with this and will purchase it again . However , this 8 oz bottle has lasted me for over a month and I 'm nowhere near running out . A good purchase .
 This product is great to keep your dogs from chewing on whatever you spray it on . I had to reapply an extra time on my leather couch but besides that it has kept my two young pugs from chewing on wires , shelves , walls . Does not smell after application and works immediatly . I bought 2 bottles but I coated everything in my apartment with 1/4 of one bottle .
 We 've had mixed results with our dogs while using this product . I think it probably would work with most dogs , but occasionally one comes across a dog with super determination.Bitter apple stopped Evie from chewing on furniture but only gave her pause when she was chewing her feet.Shih Tzu Bella was the most determined chewer and only a heavy , fresh dose of Bitter Apple could stop her for a little while.Shih Tzu Piper soon stopped chewing chair legs sprayed with Bittle Apple , and Gabby the Bolognese learned quickly not to chew furniture thanks to Bitter Apple . She still drags my shoes all over the house , but at least the furniture is spared some toothy destruction.Bittle Apple is certainly worth a try .
 My dog has a problem chewing on easily accessible items when he is bored . I spray some of the apple deterrent on the items and i have n't seen him go back to chump some more . However it may just be cause i cant catch him . Also i drenched one of his toys in the product to see if he wouldnt chew it . he chewed it but he did not look like he was enjoying it though . good but not that strong . a very mildly sour taste .
 My dog started chewing on the dresser after she saw the puppy do it . I sprayed the spots she chewed , told her no , and then sprayed it in her mouth . She has n't chewed on it since . I spray it everytime I need to leave her in the bedroom . I come home happy now .
 It got my dog to stop licking exactly waht I bought it for . Things are muc easier around here becuase of the this product . Thanks !
 I use this all the time to deter my cat from scratching the carpeted stairs , my bed corners , the couch , and my son 's fabric computer chair . I clip her often , keep scratching posts throughout the house but this is the best deterant to keep her from scratching what she should n't be . Just wash your hands real well after spraying . The mist gets on your hands and if you get that near your mouth it tastes horrible ! Also , turn any fans off before spraying b/c it will pick up the mist and distribute it in the air and it will be a nasty taste .
 I 've used several different brands of non-chew spray and have found the Grannicks to be as good , if notbetter than most . It worked for my pup . After one application , I 've had no other problems with the dogwanting to chew the items treated . The liquid did not stain any materials I 've used it on . Worked for me .
 I have both a puppy that 's teething , as well as a rescue dog that was abused and has anxiety issues . Between the puppy biting all the furniture in the house , and the older dog biting at his skin , this is the only thing that works enough to stop them . My vet told me that dogs with hot spots , especially due to anxiety , will continue biting that spot despite many efforts that his clients have tried , including lasers and surgery . He said that the only fool proof thing that he has found to work it to mix 1 part Capzasin with 1 part of the Bitter Apple mix and apply it to the hot spot daily . So far this has worked for my rescue so I hope it continues !
 I have to honestly say , I am not really sure if this works . When our dog was a puppy he really did not chew on anything except what we gave him . We were very lucky ! The only thing that he put his teeth on were my sandals , and it drove me nuts ! Every time I would turn around , he would be carrying my shoe in his mouth . At first it was cute , but I gradually grew to dislike it . So , I decided to give this a shot . It was cheap , and it got great reviews from people . I put some this on my sandal , and guess what . He stopped picking up my sandal ! I have not had to use this on anything else though , so I can not say if it works on other objects . As to my sandal , he no longer even thinks of taking it .
 This item was perfect and there was hardly an odor . My dog licked my hand then walked away , she only did it once . The only downside is that after 20 minutes it fades and she 's back to licking you .
 When our pup was about 3 months old , she decided to try chewing on the baseboards . I tried a couple homemade concoctions but they did n't deter her . Our vet recommended this and we gave it a shot . This spray worked immediately on various objects . It usually took one or two sprays to deter her from chewing and to this day she will not chew anything but her toys ... pretty rare for a breed as stubborn as bulldogs !
 I have used Grannicks Bitter Apple spray since my two miniature schnauzers were little guys that chewed on anything and everything . I still use Grannicks even though my guys are now approaching adulthood . They associate the smell with &#34; no . &#34; A spray or two will get the job done and is not an unpleasant smell to humans .
 I love cats and I love plants . However , my cats chewed a beautiful bamboo plant down to a one inch high stalk , and destroyed several other house plants ! I bought this spray without great expectation ; my half bengal half maine coon twins are quite stubborn . BUT IT WORKED ! instantly . The smell was enough to discourage them . I do n't smell it in my room , and I use less and less spray until I 'm confident that they 'll never even try to bite the plants again . Great purchase .
 I actually got this to train our new kittens to not chew electrical cables . They liked to chew on my laptop power cord , and my cellphone charging cord.Its pretty effective when recently applied , but does n't seem to work as well after it 's dried . Either way , after tasting it once , neither cat will chew on the cords any more . We 're also applying it to the AV cables that lead to/from our TV and cable box . Thus far , no chew marks .
 My one year old lab has been chewing on the trim around the lower part of the door and on a chair leg . For three days I applied bitter apple to the problem areas when I left for work , no chewing . She got the idea pretty quick and I have n't had to use it since . Great product and a great price considering I wo n't have to replace any trim.Update
 I have a 3 month old Saint Bernard puppy . She chews anything and everything that she can get her sharp little teeth on . Including my hands . I bought this to assist with the not biting of my hands , Im running out of skin . She loves it . LOVES IT . She likes to lick it all off . Which , in retrospect , is better than the chewing . It might have been better off to start with had my puppy not have had brain damage ... . from beating herself with a rope bone ; flinging it back and forth . * sigh * Maybe my next dog related purchase will be a helmet for her ... . gads . On the up side , I have friends with dogs that swear by this stuff.Update - I gave mine to a friend that was having serious chewing issues with her dog . . She said it was working great , and is the best thing ever invented . Go figure .
 So glad I ordered this spray and it does deter our pup from `` no-no '' chewing things . The only complaint I have is that the scent does not seem to last very long and I have to re-apply it . It arrived with other purchases , was packed well , and arrived within the estimated delivery time . I would recommend this spray to others and will more than likely order another bottle or two until she departs from the chewing stage .
 So cute ... I have been trying to get my dog to stop chewing on his crate and other items like my computer cord . It 's cute when he tries to chew things that I 've told him not to and he makes this nasty gag-like expression.This stuff seems to work well ... BUT it should be a lot cheaper when you consider the ingredients
 Dog still licks and bites any areas that are sprayed . I 've tried spraying a lot on him , but does n't seem to matter .
 Have tried a few different sprays that are supposed to keep the dogs from chewing . Our little pommeranian mix disliked a couple of them but our cattle dog mix liked the taste of them and would chew even more . This one worked the first time ! They had both started chewing on the corner of my hope chest and I sprayed it on the area they had chewed on . Both dogs just had to lick to see what it was . The faces they made were comical and the water dish was soon in use . They will not chew or lick anything with this on it ... just the smell reminds them how bad it tastes .
 My doberman has super dry/itchy skin . For 6 years , my husband and I have looked and tried so many products on her fur to make her stop itching her `` hot spots '' on her back . NOTHING ELSE WORKS.This bitter apple spray is amazing . She does n't lick her back.Highly recommend .
 Our dog trainer recommends using Grannick 's but you must put a spray inside the dog 's lip when you spray it on furniture . Then the dog remembers the intensity of that experience next time he even faintly tastes it . It works much longer that way . The real fix is to always crate your puppy when out of your view .
 Absolutely fab , saved a fourth trip to the vet for another med to try out on her , my Susie hates it but no more bald or swollen paws , we can spend an extra day down at the shore with the money I saved , I 'm amazed at how well it worked .
 I ordered Grannick Bitter Apple Spray for dogs -LRB- even though I intended to use it for my cat -RRB- . I wanted it in spray form for indoor plants -LRB- which my cat will chew to death given a little privacy and about 5 minutes -RRB- . I sprayed the Grannick on a miniature rose and an Arabian jasmine and then sat back and watched . The cat went in for 4 tries at 4 different spots and found each taste as repulsive as the next . He could n't even bite down . Once he even gagged like a baby trying strained peas for the first time . Currently , he 's about 2 feet away from the rose giving it a bitter look . Hallelujah .
 My poor husky mix gets stressed -LRB- I think -RRB- and licks her leg fur to the bone . This stuff really works ! I was ready to try anything -LRB- safe -RRB- , and believed the reviews I read on Amazon . I 'm glad I did , because this has solved the problem !
 I really like this spray cause my dog just chews on everything . I even bought him a lot of toys but that did n't seem to help cause he would just go right back to chewing on stuff he was n't suppose to . Thank goodness for this spray cause I sprayed it on things he likes to chew on and it works really good . So for anyone who has a dog out there that likes to chew everything up get this spray cause it really helps .
 I love my dog . He is a joy to have in our lives . However , I may have wanted to punt him like a football on more than one occasion . While he is a great dog when we are around , while we are at work he tends to get in to trouble . As many dogs do , he loves to chew . He loves shoes , coasters , paper , molding , bar stools , desks , walls , etc. . Basically if its wood or it came from wood , or at some point in the history of the inanimate object it was with in 100 miles of wood ... he loves to chew on it . So instead of punting my dog or giving him to a local homeless man -LRB- as I threatened many times -RRB- we thought we would try this product . Well the good news is that he hates it . He hates it with a passion . When we first got it I put a little on my finger and he tasted it ... he then proceeded to foam at the mouth for ten minutes and throw up a little . While I dont suggest this , nor did I expect it ... since then I have sprayed this stuff on his normal `` chew toys '' and have not had an issue .
 I have two puppies , who both have biting issues with various household items . After using this spray though , they dont even bother to touch the things I spray . It also works as a way for them to stop fighting or punishment when they have done something bad . I spray a little into their mouths and they dont do it again . Highly recommended .
 Grannick 's Bitter Apple was designed to stop puppies from chewing things that you do n't want them to chew -LRB- electrical cords , sneakers , the carpet etc. -RRB- It worked pretty well with my puppy and was not harmful to the dog in any way . It does wear off most surfaces after a couple of hours so you will need to re-spray some of your dog 's favorite targets . But I found that when I kept spraying certain items the dog would eventually remember that these items did n't taste very good and leave them alone . The price that it is offered for here on Amazon is more than a 50 % discount over the price I got it for at PetSmart . It 's really a great deal . On the whole , the product is n't perfect but it is an invaluable aid in training your puppy . If your bringing a puupy home soon I would recommend that you buy a bottle of this here on Amazon .
 I have used Bitter Apple before my sister recomended it to keep my cats from eating my plants . It works great , my cat loves Purple Fountain Grass I just spray it every few days and after it rains , you must pray from the top to the bottom , focus on the top . I definitly recomend it.Grannick Bitter Apple Original Spray for Dogs 8oz
 it keeps my cats from chewing on the items they 've been chewing on such as lampshades and cords . As soon as they bite or lick something they are turned off by it . The only issues are that it 's a bit messy so I have to use cloth or kleenex to apply it and it does not last more than a few days so it needs reapplying . I 'm hoping that eventually my cats will lose the habit and I wo n't need to use it .
 I bought the PETCO brand of this and it didnt deter my puppy at all . This was the golden ticket . He HATES it ! I love it , haha !
 This stuff really works to discourage dogs chewing on forbidden items -- just as I had remembered . Usually one taste exposure to a treated item will convince a puppy to leave it alone . We have used this item for many years .
 OK , so when my cat got to close to the off limits area she stopped and acted like she smelled something bad and went another direction . The collar is insanely adjustable . Instead of cutting off the extra , I sewed it over because my cat is very old and when she passes we wo n't get another cat but we might get a dog . The instructions say the collar should not be worn more than 12 hours at a time , but Evie stays away even when not wearing the collar and so she wears it at night time and when we go out . This is not for animals under 5 lbs -LRB- my cat is 7 lbs -RRB- . My cat does n't mind wearing it and I was able to adjust it tight enough that it was loose but she could n't pull it off over her head . I would make this purchase again .
 We bought this for our indoor cat . He tends to mark in areas where there is a rug or carpet . We placed the disc in a hallway leading to the carpeted area of our home and placed the collar on him . We could tell when he heard the audible sound as he became curious . As he stepped close enough to trigger the shock , he immediately turned and scurried off . It is a shock similar to a static shock , so it does n't hurt the pet , it only startles them . After a month now , we have been able to leave doors open to the carpeted rooms without worrying that he would wander in them and do his deed . We have tried everything suggested by our Vet and this sensor is the only thing that has kept him from marking in areas he should n't . At Christmas we plan to put a disc around the tree as well , since the same cat likes to mark on the tree skirt . I have no doubt it will work . I highly recommend this item for pet owners that are on their last breath dealing with a pet that will not stay away from areas you dont want them in . It works !
 After experiencing soiling problems from our two -LRB- yes we love them -RRB- cats - we looked for a solution . -LRB- It 's because we left while on vacation - it always stresses them out . -RRB- We saw these collars and e-mailed the manufacturer to see if they could be used with the feline species . They anwered promptly the next day in the affirmative , and gave us a contact number in case we experience problems.One -LRB- our forceful one -RRB- crossed the boundry a couple of times , but since then , they both stay a full room away from the main barrier . The other sulked for a week in the basement , but now is back to her normal behavior . It actually is a delight to know our living room and dining room will now be cat hair free and now they stay with us in the family room , allowing us to lavish a little more attention on them .
 The problem that people are having is in all likelihood due to user error . I made that same error because I read the reviews of other buyers and just assumed that what they wrote was accurate . The problem that they , and I , had is that they did n't read the product instructions . The collar and barrier look simple enough that you 'd expect them to be plug and play , but they are not . You have to program the barrier to signal the collars . I suggest reading the instructions before buying new batteries as they have some good stuff in there that could be quite useful if you have multiple dogs . I have 2 dogs and one of them thinks of the furniture as his own to lay on or eat as he sees fit . Not anymore . The product does n't work as advertised , it works better . The dogs remember the `` correction '' after only one go and if you move the barrier , they may not know the new spot , but they will remember that beeping sound that comes before the `` correction '' and will immediately turn around . It gets my stamp of approval .
 This product works great and was a great solution to my unique problem . I have two cats both with medical problems . One cat is a diabetic and requires low carbohydrate foods . The other has mega colon and requires low residue foods . I work a very irratic work schedule with lots of hours made consistent feeding difficult for me.I used this product in conjunction with two automatic dispensing food dishes to solve my problem . I simply put the dispensers in different locations in the house , put the transmitter next to one dish with a 1ft radius and the collar on the cat I did n't want eating from that dish . It only took 2 or 3 days with each cat wearing the collar to get them trained now I no longer have to use the collar.The shock is relatively small , I used it on myself before I would put it on my cats . Cats are different than dogs and most trainers recommend against a button press shock collar because cats will quickly associate the pain with the owner and hate you for it . Since the shocks occur while the owner is not there with this unit and they occur every time the cat is doing something wrong , this is a perfect solution for lots of cat training options with minimal effort and time involvement on the owner part . This is a perfectly humane solution to train cats to not get on counters and other places you do n't want them to go . It can even be effective at preventing cats from going to common spraying spots in the house . Unlike water bottles , this works 100 % of the time . I found that when I squirted my cats for being on the counter or table , they would just simply not go in those places when I was home and close to a spray bottle . I would still find paw prints on the countertops after being gone for the day .
 I have been using this product for a couple of years and it works great . I now have three disks for my dogs . Both of my dogs are north of 100lbs and they will not go where a disk is.I move my disks around depending on what the needs are so my dogs have learned that the disk is the issue . I keep one disk by my front door so my big friendly dogs dont mug guests and the other two move regularly.My big complaint is that they do not work well through walls or obstructions . For example , if I put a disk on the stairs to the basement my dogs may not notice it until they are over the top of the disk because the signal does not go through the stairs.However , since my dogs know the disk , all I have to do is make sure they can see the disk and they will avoid it . Often times , I dont even put a collar on , just put the disk out and they will not go near it.The collars and disk do use batteries so you have to check them regularly . Just turn a collar on and walk toward the disk with your hand at dog neck level to be sure its working.They collars use a weird size battery that I cant get at the local grocery store which is a bit of a pain .
 I was having trouble with my 20lb tabby cat `` Bob '' wanting to share my pillow -LRB- ie
 We needed something to keep our dog from jumping on to the kitchen counters -LRB- especially when my wife or I were n't looking -RRB- . This has worked great ever since December 2011 . Our dog has quickly learned that the warning beeps means that he should move out of the area . He gets a little worried when other things start beeping , but he gets over it quickly.We do n't put it on every day , but I have noticed a couple times when the collar did n't seem to work . It seems to only happen if the collar is turned on too far away from the base station.My only real complaint is that since the barrier field is spherical , so it just does n't keep him off the counter , it keeps him out of most of the kitchen . If we decrease the range to it 's minimum , it does n't restrict all the counter space . Depending on your desired use , this may or may not work.Overall , this product works great . The warning beeps before the shock are great so you know your best friend is n't always getting shocked . The shock itself is not really painful -LRB- yes , I 've tested it on myself -RRB- .
 So i love it , my dog is a rescue and the scat mats were doing nothing and not phasing him a bit , but this has worked great . It had to be very tight for him to actually feel it but he hates it . the only quam i have is that it is not a 12 feet diameter , i get maybe a 8-9 foot diameter not 12 . but it does work great in spite of that . I am going to try different batteries and see if i get a longer distance , but we will see .
 I bought this product knowing I may have to return it . I have two Pitbulls one is 60lbs and the other 52 lbs We placed one base under the dining room table and after the first slight pass the collar made the whistling sound and they never came back . We bought a second base for the formal living room and it works like a charm . It took my bigger Dog about 10 days to get back to normal because of the fear but he is back to normal and knows what territory he can get close to.Needless to say IT WORKS !!!!!
 I have two very large , and very stubborn german shepherds . I got this to a -RRB- keep them off a new sofa , and b -RRB- keep them out of the kitty litterbox -LRB- got two base units and two collars -RRB- . My first base unit did not function ... but amazon advanced exchanged almost immediately.New one worked perfectly . Dogs responded to it within minutes , and now do not even think about the couch ... they just avoid it .
 I recently , with skepticism I must admit , ordered the PetSafe Pawz Away Instant Pet Barrier for my grandson 's pit bull-bull mastif mix who is currently 8 months old and weighs in at approximately 80 pounds . This `` puppy '' loves to sit on our furniture and , despite several weeks of training , he was winning the battle.When we received our Pet Barrier , we immediately set it up and gave it a try . At first he did n't know what was happening when he felt the shock but quickly learned where he could go and where the `` forbidden '' boundry is . After about a week of wearing the collar when in the living room , he now adheres to the boundry without wearing the collar . When he does try to test it , we put the collar back on him as a reminder and that 's all he needs . He has one chair that he 's allowed to lay in and he seems perfectly happy with that.I would recommend this product highly to anyone wanting to set barriers for their dog .
 This product is wonderful ! We have a puppy that likes to chew on everything . Carpet , wood , toys , pillows , rugs , our LEATHER COUCH . That was the last straw . We were ready to throw in the towel and get rid of our puppy . We just could n't get her to stop chewing on everything . This was our last ditch effort before deciding to give her up . Now we get to keep her because this system works ! We set it up by the couch and the xmas tree . It only took one correction for her to understand that the couch is now off limits . We also have the underground fencing outside so I 'm sure that 's why she caught on so fast . Now I do n't have to worry about puppy chewing up our house and I 'm hoping that this will help teach her what is ok to chew on . We have the barriers all set up so she only has access to chew on her toys and bones . I also gave her a bath today and had the collar off , but she did not go near the couch . I think after about a month I 'll be able to take off the collar and she will stay off the couch on her own .
 The PetSafe product worked as expected if not better . I am sure some of it has to do with my dog also . He is pretty smart and all it took was him getting zinged one time in both denied locations and he quickly realized that the beeping came before the pain . After that one sting he has not tried go in the area again . He got close one more time in both locations and heard the beeping and instantly turned around . We could not even coax him to the area with a treat . He looked at us like we were crazy and turned around and went away . This was all in the first 30 min of setting the system up.That was 4 days ago and even with the collar off he wo n't even go near the area today . I wish I would have had this day one we brought him home . I also wish I only had to rent it . I may be able to turn it all off in a month or two once I make sure he never tries to enter the area again .
 I really like this product . I do n't have to keep the dog in one room with the doors shut now . I place the transmitters so that he can roam in the rooms he is allowed in . It 's great that the range is adjustable . We are both happier !
 My dog zombie is a 24.5 lb terrier mix who loves him some cat food . In fact , four cats worth of food . We have tried everything to keep him away . We scolded him , threatened with the slipper , moved the food to an area where he was n't supposed to go , all to no avail . Then I got the petsafe pawz away barrier . Like another reader I tested it on myself first and in my honest opinion its mild , but enough to provide a shock . Like a bad static electricity shock from a door knob . It was easy to set up - the hardest part was opening the package itself . -LRB- I hate those sharp plastic boxes -RRB- . Three zaps later , and I do n't even need the collar anymore ! Even if I throw a toy against the cat bowls , he wont go near em -LRB- not wearing the collar mind you -RRB- . Very happy with this product - just wish it were a little less expensive since I really only used it for a day and a half .
 We got the product . At first we had it on the kitchen floor , but we kept kicking it when we were working in the kitchen . We decided to build a mount under the floor in the basement and put the sending unit on it . The signal goes thru the floor . It radiates enough to cover both entrances to the kitchen . Now , even if I drop something on the floor -LRB- when our dog has the collar on -RRB- , he just looks at it and does n't rush the kitchen to see who gets it first . We have an Australian Shepard . So , without the unit , it was hard to keep him out of the kitchen . Thank you . Great Product .
 I have a 7 month old American Bulldog and I tried everything possible to keep her off my couch . Everyday I came home from work she would have the pillows off the couch in the middle of the living room . I even covered them with couch covers , nothing worked . I got the collar and she has not touched the couch since . I do n't have to cover them or nothing . I love this collar .
 Well as for the working and funtions of this for a cat it 's great . I feel the collor is a bit bulky but my cat did n't seem to mind
 Works well and has been a very good solution to keeping our dog off of the couch . I wish that the `` reach '' of the product was bigger , but it is 12 feet as advertised .
 I could n't get my dog from doing its thing on my living room & my bathroom carpet , as soon as I put on the collar and ajusted the zones he does not even enter the living room nor the bathroom . Its been only 3 days and I achieved what no repellet could do in months !!! Totally recomend this product & the extra zones .
 We bought this to try to use for a cat , to keep him away from the upstairs and the baby 's room . The product fit the cat well . It was easy to set up , with an adjustable range that caused the collar to send a shock when the cat went on or near the stairs . I tested the shock on myself , and it seemed sufficient . Additionally the tongs seemed long enough to penetrate a cat 's fur . However , despite the apparent adequacy , the cat simply ignored it and ran quickly through the shock zone to get upstairs , and back down again . It seemed to bother him , but not enough to deter him . He is 5 years old and used to having his run of the house , so perhaps it would work better for a younger cat . Since the product is not marketed for cats , I ca n't really knock it for not working for mine . I suspect it would work well for dogs , who seem more trainable I think .
 I bought this for my cat to keep her away from the doggy door and safely inside the house . I had to cut the collar quite a bit to make it fit , but it works like a charm .
 I have 3 cats who are relentless about getting on the counters/stove to get into things . I 've caught them eating out of simmering pots of food on the stove , eating raw potatoes/onions , chewing up my rubber gloves , chewing up my kitchen sponges , you name it and they try to eat it . They also lick dishes off the counter where they smash onto the floor . Or I should say the DID all that stuff , until I got the Instant Pet Barrier . I LOVE this thing ! I did n't give it 5 stars b/c I wish the radius was bigger . I put the collars on the cats and within a few days they were n't even making their collars beep any more . The only issue I had was I put it on too tight on one of the cats and he lost some fur where the collar was rubbing , I loosened it , the hair grew back and things are great . They wear their collars 24/7 , since I 'm sure they 're smart enough to know when they do n't hear the beep they can go near the counters . I have been able to leave food on the counters and it remains unmolested . I have recommended this to all my friends with problem cats !
 We have a serious problem with our dog , and just short of having to give him away , we tried the Pawz Away . Immediately , he got the message . After a year , his collar battery died , and he still stayed out of the area . I highly recommend it !
 It works great . I have a high energy , strong-willed Australian Shepherd who was stealing the cat food on a regular basis . She stays away from it now even when she does n't have the collar on .
 We have a 21 lb miniature schnauzer . Needed to keep her from going upstairs . Put the barrier near the top of the stairs and the collar on her . Took only one time for her to learn not to go up there again . She attempted one more time , but turned around half-way up when it started beeping . Collar says leave on for only 12 hours at a time , but if you do n't put it too tight you can leave it on always , just move it around every so often . No problems . Would buy again . BTW , I think I paid about $ 40 on Amazon , which is 1/3 of what it costs at the big pet store .
 I was unsure about this product when I ordered it , I did n't want to harm my dog in anyway nor did I want to throw away my money on a product that does n't work . What I can say is that this product does work , although it works a little too well , so much so that it actually really upset my dog for a few days . The shock is well very shocking , I know as I tried it on myself before putting it on my dog.We did however continue using it to see how the dog would react and now she is very well trained , she stays in the area that she should , she does n't jump on the sofa nor does she eat our furniture and best of all she uses her doggy door to go to the toilet everytime.She knows where not to go and in doing so does not cause the device to go off . The product is very good , but they should provide a setting for the shock so that you can turn it down for small dogs . My dog is now much more obidient , and as we had tried evry other trick in the book to stop her doing all the bad things we found this as an altrernative very useful .
 Worked exactly as advertised , kept our small dog away from the areas we did n't want him ... nothing more to say than it works great and exactly as it 's purported to .
 Whatever I tried to keep my semi destructive dog off the windows did not work until I found this product . My dog wo n't even look at the windows that she used to destroy !! I can leave the house not worrying how my house will look when I return . Best money spent !
 I bought this product to keep my confined to the upstairs of my house . I placed the radio transmitter on the second to top step and put the collar on my cat . My cat got a beep correction and then a mild shock and he 's respected the fence ever since . It works exactly as I had hoped !
 I got this to keep my cat from going out the dog door . He figured it out pretty quickly , and now I do n't have to worry about him escaping -LRB- we live outside the city where there are mountain lions , bobcats , coyotes ... etc -RRB- . The only thing I have to do is check the collar periodically to make sure it 's still working . The knob has gotten moved just enough to make it stop working , and we had to readjust the contacts in the collar once , but as long as everything is on , the cat stays in .
 I bought this for my daughter 's miniature poodle . This dog is high spirited and fast . She was darting out the front door and into the street . The collar put an end to this .
 Okay , I tried the Tattle Tale Sonic Pet Training Alarm , it worked at first then my cats got used to it . So I got this -LRB- ALTHOUGH I THINK IT 'S CRUEL -RRB- but it 's more cruel that you need to throw a newly purchased set of couches because your cats hair and scratches are all over it -LRB- and yes they have a cat tree -RRB- . I put this on the older cat since he is the one always attracting the kitten to the couches , At first I had to shorten his hair on his neck in order for this to zap . I zapped myself with it nothing harmful just discomforting , less than the zap of an electric lighter if you ever played with those.First couple of days both cats stayed clear from the living room after my older cat got zapped twice . by 3rd day they knew their boundaries and where to go and not to go.After my cats hair grew back to normal it stopped zapping him but it still makes the beeping sound which scares the living hell out of him and he runs away so over all it trained them not to go near the couches.thinking about buying another collar if they ever go on sale though.PS
 I am using it to keep my kitten from going out the dog door.She looks like one of those rescue dogs , since it is so big around her neck ... but it works !
 I love my dog , but i do n't love sitting in the hair he sheds on the couch . I bought him a fluffy dog bed then put out this petsafe pawz away on my coffee table . We now have a dog free zone that my very stubborn dog respects . Going to get another disc for the halfway to keep him out of our beds . Would be good by the front door to keep him off guests when they are trying to walk in.To train him , i showed him the collar and got close to disc until it beeped and told him no . Then i put the collar on him and he steered clear of the area . Has not been on the couch once in the last five weeks . Believe me , i would see the hair if he had been , the couch is chocolate brown.Highly recommend , also i have petsafe inground pet fence , this collar makes him mind those boundaries since it is the same kind . Does n't shock him out side but he thinks it will so i do n't have to switch collars when he goes out
 Just started using it yesterday and already our two poodles have figured out that they can not leave the rooms that we want them to stay in . After the sytem being in place for about an hour , they had figured out that a shock would follow the beeps if they got near the transmittors . Now , we have to see if it keeps working !
 Our new two-year-old shelter terrier/chihuahua mix is wonderful , but despite all of our efforts , he kept raiding the laundry room where the cats ' litter box and food are kept . We were running out of ideas when a friend suggested the Pawz Away Instant Pet Barrier -- we paid for overnight shipping because we were so desperate.The first time he wore the collar as he sauntered into the laundry room , he heard the beeps and was startled by the static shock . He quickly trotted to safer ground . We kept the collar on him for a week or so afterward , and he always stopped and sat down a few feet away from the laundry room doorway when he followed us around the house . It 's been a few weeks since he stopped wearing the collar , but he still keeps a respectful distance from the laundry room entrance.So about a month later , it looks like this simple , elegant solution worked beautifully . In the unlikely event he decides to test the boundaries again , we have very little doubt that a single use of the collar will do the trick .
 This worker great for training my 1 year dog to stay off the couch . He was a quick learner it only took one time . Now if he see the unit he stays away
 Just place these suckers in a tupperware container and you can place them outside too . They work great on my small dogs and eventually you do n't even have to use them , just keep the tupperware visable because the dogs still think it will shock them . If you have stubburn dogs you might have to leave it active longer .
 great product . worked on my cat . would recommend to anyone in need of something to control cats from getting on things they shouldnt .
 I have used these for years . I like the fact that it gives an auditory warning instead of just shocking them . I have found that one shock is all it takes and the warning is sufficient after that . I also like the feature that allows you to adjust the radius . This feature lets you set a tight radius for small spaces without limiting too much of your pet 's area . I use this to keep the dogs out of the laundry room where the cat 's litterbox and food bowl are kept . I set it at a small radius and place the disc by the door on the inside of the laundry room and that is the only restriction on the dogs . The only criticism I have of the product is the fact that the discs have a limited life . I removed the batteries from the discs and collars and stored them for about 4 years . When I needed to use them again -LRB- puppies -RRB- , I put new batteries in them and none of the discs would put out a signal . I am pleased with the product and am buying a replacement . Just be aware that the product may have to be replaced after 7 years or so and after long term storage . This one came with a tester and I really like the fact that I wo n't have to test the collar myself !
 I do n't like to shock my dog but when I leave town for a couple of days and I need to make sure that my dog does n't chew on all my cables I use it and its the best thing ever
 My dog was a real mess , he kept going to my bed and peeing on it and it was so hard for me to punish him , and since my apartment is very small I did n't want to put a physical barrier -LRB- a real fence -RRB- because it would 've been very unconvinient . I bougth the innotek product and since then my dog has learned not to go to the areas I do n't want him to , he is soo well behaved now is almost unbelievable !! Now I barely use the collar and even without it he wo n't go to the areas I did n't want him to go , thanks innotek ! I totally recommend this product , specially because I really love my dog and I was a little bit skeptical at the beginnig , but this is safe and it works !
 The first thing I would like to mention
 The shock is not comfortable of course , but not strong . I tried it on my on myself . My puppy was scared the first day , maybe too scared and I felt bad so I was thinking in giving up . It 's normal though , she was fine the next day , but never again went to the basement or upstairs.I bought the collar that came with one zone and thought I 'd need additional zones , but with one I could have trained my dog to avoid two areas . The stairs going to the basement -LRB- because my cat needs to get access the its litterbox and the dog likes to mess with the litterbox -RRB- and the stairs going upstairs because I do n't want the dog in the bedrooms . It took one day to get her away from going to the basement and never had to turn on the zone again as even if she 's not wearing the collar she does n't dare going there again . I could have used one zone to train her in one stairs and then use the same zone for the next stairs . After two days , I never had to put on her collar but she 's only 5 months old , so I 'm not sure if this is the same effect for older dogs . Maybe older dogs need longer collar enforcement . Also , I put her collar first thing in the morning to take her out in the backyard , so she did n't associate it with the zones .
 We have 4 cats - 3 are nibblers and one is a Tubby , who lives for food . He will eat all four of the cats food before the other three get a chance to eat . We tried everything , even the Elite electronic cat door with the microchip collars . That worked well for about a month , until he figured out he could wait outside the door for one of the cats to come through , and then sneak through behind them . Then we found this unit . We mounted it about three feet up centered on the door . In two days he learned to stay away from the door . Because cats have such thick fur , it did n't zap him every time , but it did enough that he figured it out . I actually saw him get zapped a few times -LRB- I had tried it on my wrist - It is irritating , but not painful -RRB- , and he was startled and jumped back . He soon figured out that the beep meant he was too close and stayed back . We then unscrewed and removed the shock posts so it no longer shocks him , but it is still just as effective with just the beep now .
 I have really liked my Innotek . I have recently brought a rescue cat into the house . My current Cat was constantly harrassing the new cat so we purchased and setup an area that the new cat could have as her own . It has worked very well .
 We bought this for our two cats who want to jump on an expensive desk and have scratched it up . I put one of the units on the desk and one by the stairs leading to our newly finished basement . The cats used to go down and pee and now this totally keeps them out of the basement and off the desk . Our more stubborn girl has tested this system but now just stays clear of wherever the base units are placed . It works great . Would highly recommend for cats .
 This product has managed to keep my 85 lb male German Shepherd off the couch . He 's 8 years old and had always been given couch privileges , but he had ruined one couch and so we got a new one . At first we let him on the new couch , but then we noticed that the fabric was starting to be torn and shredded -LRB- not purposely , just the result of him climbing on and off -RRB- . At first we just put boxes on the couch . That was a pain because we had to move them every time we wanted to sit down -LRB- and remember to put them back -RRB- . After six months of this , he would still get on the couch if he had the opportunity.This device cured him of the problem quickly . I tested the shock on myself and while it is unpleasant , it 's not going to cause lasting harm . I was hoping that a few weeks of wearing the collar would work , but he is smart enough to know that if he is n't wearing the collar that he can get on the couch painlessly.The only issue I have had is that the batteries are sort of loose in the main unit . I ended up wrapping a rubber band around the batteries and their contacts to make it stay on .
 I bought this Innotek system for our new black lab that we adopted . He was given up because he destroyed and chewed up his previous owner 's house . He would take things from the kitchen counter or the table and chew them up . He even figured out how to open the lazy susan cabinet -LRB- a bottom cabinet -RRB- ! This product is great and now he wo n't go in the kitchen or take things from the counter .
 I know this is for dogs , but after our kitten pulled over the Christmas tree , I needed to find a solution . While cats do not seem to learn in the same way as dogs , this product did eventually teach her to stay away from the tree . Like any trainer , you have to help the animal understand what the `` correction '' means . Once the cat figured out that getting near the tree was a bad idea , she never went there again and it was n't long before we did n't even need the collar ... just took longer for her to learn this than a dog . As well , heavy hair around the neckline can prevent them from feeling the `` correction , so you may have to change it . It does not hurt the animal -LRB- my 5 yr old insisted on trying it on himself -RRB- , but it is not a comfortable feeling , so it does get the message across . Nice solution for keeping pets away from indoor areas . Probably will not work on the snake , or lizard ...
 I bought the collar and the system for my two curious cats who ruined one Christmas tree this year . They remained away from the second tree and I got to keep all of my ornaments intact too ! Now only one kitty is wearing the collar because she likes to scratch at my bedroom door while I am sleeping . It has stopped this behavior too .
 This product has been a tremendous help in training my dog . My dog was tearing up the doorframes and walls and this barrier stops him from doing that . I tested the collar on myself - the shock is very mild -LRB- and I have a very large dog -RRB- so I was worried it would not work , but it works beautifully . It is not strong enough to hurt him , but enough to irritate him and stop him from tearing up the walls . There is a beep that issues before the shock so the dog learns where the barrier is based on the beeping -LRB- once they associate beeping with a shock -RRB- , not necessarily based on the punishment . I give it 4/5 because the on/off of the collar is not very smooth and if it does n't go off all the way , the batteries are wasted . Then , of the batteries need changing , opening and closing the battery chamber can cause issues
 My subjects have been in open revolt for many months . The frequent raids across the bad lands into the kitchen counters have finally ceased with the use of these new technologies . Order and sanity has been restored . The cat hairs in my omlets are on the decline and my dreams of eventual retribution have been fully realised . Long live law and order !
 We tried all kinds of things to keep the cat out of the baby room . This is the only thing that worked . We purchased more discs and put them on the kitchen table and counters , work wonderful ! Also nice for when you want to keep an exterior door open , just move the disc by it.The instructions had Iimits on how long to keep the collar on your pet . Our cat has constantly had the collar on for about 11 months with no irritation . The battery in the collar has been replace once in the 11 months .
 What a difference this product has made . No more worries about my dog getting into the bay windwos when I am out . Probably has saved me money in preventing breakage of items in the windows . I highly recommend this product .
 We purchased this product to keep our 85lbs labradoodle away from the kitchen counters and the trashcan . He 's very determined and with us being away from home most of the day he would always end up pulling something off the kitchen counters . This barrier worked great right away . We set one receiver in a cabinet under the sink and another in the pantry to cover the entire kitchen . Our doodle got the point right away ! As long as the collar was on , he would not even try to get close to the counters of the trashcan . Once the collar was off ... he did start testing the limits and trying to get back into the area , so we decided to keep the collar on as long as we 're not home . Great product overall . The receivers have a long battery life .
 This product exceeded my expectations . I was nervous about `` shocking '' my 20 lb Shihpoo in the neck with the collar at first , and so I tried it on my own arm . It did what it said it would . It delivered a static type shock like you get when you shock a person in your socks . Then it gave me longer and longer shocks as I stayed in the area of the base . So , I finally put in on my dog and then waited to see what he would do . -LRB- We wanted him to stay downstairs . The base was placed at the top of the stairs . -RRB- He ran right up the stairs when I removed the gate and into the bedroom where I was sitting . He was scratching at his neck as if irritated . I thought that it had n't phased him really at all . So , I increased the range of the base to give him a shock lower down on the staircase . It took him only two tries up the stairs and he was done . He has never gone up again and I even took the collar off and he stills stays at the bottom of the stairs . -LRB- even when chasing our cat ! -RRB- No more gates for us !! I ca n't believe it worked so fast .
 I received the items -LRB- set plus extra barrier transmitter -RRB- . The packaging is one of the worst I have seen . Even with a very sharp knife , it is very difficult to open . In order to get to the product , you have to damage the packaging . What if you have to return it like I am doing?As soon as I am ready to use it , I test the setup per instructions . No matter what I did , the receiver collar would not communicate with the barrier transmitter . Even with the light testing tool that is included , I did not get any response . This I attribute to poor quality control on the manufacturer . I read another review with the same problem . How difficult is it to just test each receiver prior to shipping them out to the customer . The batteries are already installed and all they have to do is turn it ON and set a test transmitter to communicate with it.Because of the good reviews , I decided to exchange it for a replacement and give this product another change . I will change my one-star rating if the replacement works and I can test it . ************* 8/20/2012 Update
 The dog kept eating the cat food and no matter what we did she would get to it and eat it . We purchased this item with reservations , did n't want to shock our dog . But to our surprise it beeps 3 times telling the dog to move . She was mildly shocked once and now stays clear of the cat bowl ... YES !
 To preface , I have a 6 year old female German Shepherd Dog that I rescued two years ago . In the last two years , she has `` helped herself '' to the trash and spread it throughout the house on countless occasions . She has also raided the cupboards like a starving bear . It was a constant cat-and-mouse game between her and I ; me attempting to figure out how to keep her out of cupboards -LRB- child-locks , tying them shut , etc. -RRB- and her always figuring out a way around it.Finally , I 'd exhausted all options and bought this set and a second zone -LRB- also available on Amazon.com -RRB- - I am SO GLAD I DID!It was so easy to set up and the collar does n't bother her a bit . I found that leaving it on for a few days and then taking it off was good for about 3-4 days and after that she would be back in the trash , so now it 's on her all the time . She knows when she hears the `` beep '' to back off and the shock is n't severe at all , just startling -LRB- I tried it on myself , it 's similar to hyped-up static shock -RRB- . For anyone who is desperate to keep their stubborn , smart and mischievous pets out of the trash , cat litter , doorway , etc - this thing is awesome !
 This item is awesome if used correctly . I would rate it 5 but I only have a worry with this product that some one will order it and not know what they are doing . It is a great training tool but could easily be cruel by a undereducated or inexperienced trainer .
 I just got it setup right and it did take some fine tuning but I got EXACTLY the result I was looking for !!! My goal was to confine the dog to the first floor by mounting the transmitter in the basement stairway on the ` ceiling ' of the stairway . The documentation says you can wall mount it but that the range on the sides is limited and that it will transmit to the front and back more strongly . Perfect , I can control both stairways with one precisely mounted device ! I had to move it a couple times to get it where it would NOT warn her coming and going out of the side door which is at the top of the basement steps , but would warn on the first step down to the basement . It also does NOT transmit through the wall on one side into the living room where she sometimes sleeps . WHOOT ! BUT , the coup is that it will also warn her when she attempts to go UPSTAIRS in the house , but not until she gets to the third step . I would have been willing to purchase a second transmitter , but I was optimistic and hoped that one would work for both.I just adopted a 14 lb Min Pin so the collar is quite low to the ground , on a bigger dog it would have been a little easier as just a couple inches higher above the step gave me better range control ... As for some of the comments about it working then not , I found the same thing to be true - sort of . the ` dial ' for ON , OFF , OPEN on the inside of the collar receiver is a bit fussy . At first I set the transmitter on the table and tested the various ranges with the collar I had no problem at all . But after initial testing I turned the collar reciever to off and proceeded to mount the transmitter . When I turned it back on to test the range on the steps I was getting NOTHING . SO , I opened the battery compartment on the receiver and then closed it and set to on again , and noticed I was standing in range , if I turned it FULLY to the ` on ' spot , as far as it goes , not just to where it sort of clicks into place at ` on ' then it would not work . It has to click into the niche at the ON position only . IMHO this is an engineering flaw , you should not be able to turn it so far that it is no longer ON when that is the last position in the series . The difference is position is TINY so as not easily detected.Since this is day one , I 'm not sure if I 'm going to have to test it each time I put it on her or if I 'm just going to get the hang of where ` ON ' really is on the receiver . Either way , with the temperment of my dog , I 'm guessing that I wo n't have to use this for more than a week , and after that only if I see temptation to use the stairs I 'll do a reminder session with the collar . I can see moving this around if there are other ` trouble ' spots that we find , since this is our first week with her . Fortunately she seems to be very compliant just by command . I 'm quite sure that this will ` do the trick ' as far as firm and permanent training . So far she has only ventured into the zone once and startled and ran away from the steps quickly and so far has not gone back . There was a baby gate there for the first few days and if I removed it and told her ` no ! ' when she approached the stairs she would step back , so she already knew it was a no-go spot . This is just a different means of enforcement that I wo n't break my neck climbing over !
 I 'm now coming back for my 3rd collar and receiver . I had previously purchased a scat mat and it did a decent job keeping the dogs away , but it was a pain to keep removing from the couch every night and also an eyesore . The PetSafe product can be hidden much easier and only takes a few jolts for any animal to understand that they are no longer welcome in a certain area . In addition to couches I frequently had trash that was scattered when I arrived home - but no longer !!! Do n't waste your time with any other deterrent - get it .
 I would recommend this product to anyone !!! It works great . I have 2 little yorkies and it only took 2 days to train them . '
 This product worked so good on my 2 big labs . they 'd always jump on our window seat in our front living room ; and when they do , they end up pulling down the curtains . so besides gating the area ; which would n't really work out ; i thought they needed something like this . At petco ; this product would 've cost me over $ 100 for all 3 products that i bought -LRB- 2 collars ; a barrier thing , and a package of batteries -RRB- ; but for the deal that i got here on amazon on top of this product working ; is a really good deal !!! highly recommend for those looking to find products that will keep their pets away from certain areas ! =-RRB- my husband and i are truly satisfied .
 This is a great product!We have single room that has a carpet . Our two small Brussels Griffons enjoyed marking it when we were not looking . After a heavy cleaning using Urine-Off -LRB- Great product -RRB- , we bought two packs of PetSafe Pawz Away Instant Pet Barriers -LRB- Collar and transmitter -RRB- . We created a gauntlet in the doorway that would discourage them from entering the room . Over time they eventually learned that if they ran fast enough they could get through without a shock . They would only run the gauntlet if we were in that room however . They would never attempt it without someone on the other side . We did n't have any problems with marking while they had the collars on.It 's been 3 months . I 'd assumed that they had `` learned '' that we do n't want them on the carpet , so I have n't been using the collars . I found a fresh spot on the carpet this morning . I 'm going back to using the collars all the time . One of the collars batteries have expired -LRB- They include a nice little tester unit to check -RRB- . I just bought 2-5 packs of Energizer 2032 batteries to keep them running good from now on . I 'm considering getting a few more transmitters now that I am planning on using the product indefinitely .
 Smart as $ dog somehow figured out how to open child-locks on cabinets to get in trash can and spread it 's contents across the floor every time she was left home alone . Not anymore ! After one shock , she wo n't go near it . The sensitivity adjust works great too ; after she learns to stay out of the trash can , I can slowly turn it up to keep her out of the whole kitchen . It gives a warning beep before shocking to facilitate learning and only shocks when she does n't flee . The transmitter mobility is nice too , one she 's firmly trained on the kitchen , it 's going on the bed , another place she only goes one no one else is home . No more fur on my bed . I shopped around and this was the best price . Shipped in about a week .
 Works as advertised . We put it on the dog before going to work and remove when we are home . We have had our dog since she was a pup about 5 years . She never did anything like this until my wife returned to working full-time about a year ago . Other than removing everything we could n't keep her from getting in the trash . And she has broken may glass things getting on the kitchen counter . She would never do it while we were home so it was hard to discipline her although we tried . This has saved her from being banished to a leash or even worse . Would recommended to all if you have similar issues . The shock is n't to bad for her , it just makes her jerk back . Its better than cutting a paw on broken glass .
 This paws-away collar was purchased to deter a dog who would unlock and open the front door after owners left . -LRB- yes , that correctly reads `` unlock '' ! -RRB- Placing this device on lowest setting near the door -LRB- a few inches away from the door knob -RRB- very quickly trained the dog who no longer attempts to open the door when no one else is home . Traditional training methods simply would not work as the behavior only happened when owners were gone and out of sight/sound range.My only negative is that there seems to be no easy `` off '' button on the device -LRB- we have to move it everytime we want to take out pet outdoors and this is both a nuisance and seems something a very bright pet could figure out . However , so far the desired result has been achieved .
 I really like this system . It was very effective in keeping my dog out of my kids bedrooms . The reason I did n't give it four stars was because the barrier setting is not accurate . I set the barrier at four feet and it did n't give him a shock until about two feet . Other than that , I like the system .
 I have a high energy black lab and a golden retriever and they learned right away not to get near the couch ! The golden retriever wo n't even go in the living room now ! We also got one to sit on the trash can . After a few weeks we took the shocker away and they have n't gotten in the trash since ! Have to get this !
 I bought this for my 2 80lb + boxers who started `` counter surfing '' when we left the house . This is a no brainer to set up and use . I adjusted the collars , turned on the base and VOILA ! , the dogs quickly learned within 1 hour that the kitchen was now off limits . We have an island in our kitchen , so I turned up the radius to the max and placed it in a drawer in the island which would encompass the whole kitchen -LRB- since our island is in the middle of the kitchen -RRB- . As soon as the dogs got near the island , the beeping started . It took about 2 times trying to enter the kitchen that they learned it was n't worth the consequences . Now even when they have their collars off , they do n't come near the island/kitchen . I would recommend this to anyone having this kind of issue .
 I was skeptical about purchasing . It is absolutely wonderful ! Took our pup only 2 times and she understood not to go up the stairs ! Now we have placed it in the Dining Room and she is avoiding that area too ! Would recommend to everyone !
 I have found this product very helpful in keeping my cats off our furniture and from scratching out lounge suite .
 Wanted to keep my dog from the lower level of our home ... works perfectly ! We are happy which makes him happy too . :-RRB- Definitely recommend .
 We bought this to protect our furniture from our Rhodesian Ridgeback who has very bad seperation anxiety . We have been using it for about a week now and the furniture has finally calmed down . The only down side is that the proximity when set to its max is not even close to 12ft , more like 6ft diameter . She has been wearing the collar for up to 10 hours with no sign of irration . The time for her to learn to stay away was almost instantanious . The only reason for less then perfect rating is due to the proximity issue .
 I have a dog with severe separation anxiety we tried everything . He has torn up doors and woodwork , jumped through window screens when we leave trying to find us . This product was our last effort to keep him even got another dog to help . He is in basement when we leave since using this product he has done no damage make sure the collar is tight and used in a small area . I put ours on the second step closest to where the damage was being done on the doors and woodwork . Great product when we come home is at the bottom of , steps waiting for us ...
 I got this to keep my dog out of one room that she she liked to use as a potty box . It has served us well . The only draw back is the effective radius is not as claimed . It does n't go as far as claimed but it worked out for me .
 I have a deaf pitbull who is determined to eat &#34; human food &#34; . Coming home used to be a crapshoot . Now that I have this on her though , no more sneaking , and no more messes !
 i bought this to keep my chihuahua from chewing up my headphones . it works like a charm . I strongly recommend .
 My dog definitely learned his lesson not to have a snack from the cat litter box , but the collar itself frayed easily . I have an Olde English Bulldogge , so even with his heftiness and stubbornness the shock in this collar made an effect . It is hard to replace the battery if you ever need to . The range for the sensor is spotty at times . On the same setting , sometimes it shocks at five feet away , sometimes at just one foot away . But again , it works ! More than hurt my dog and punish him for going near the sensor , it almost just confused him and quickly made him not want to take the chance . What 's nice is it beeps when the shock element is triggered . Even if it did n't shock him , we could hear that he was going near it and could intercept . It is a pain that you have to buy a new expensive sensor for each area of the home you want your dog to stay away from , but doable if your dog is misbehaved ! I would recommend this product .
 We purchased this to try to keep our older cat out of the younger cat 's food
 I have to first say that I would n't put anything on my dogs/cat , that would hurt them . I even tried it on the palm of my hand to see how much the shock would hurt . It did n't hurt at all . I would say it is like a static shock when you rub your feet on the carpet and touch someone . I had a problem with my dogs getting into the litter boxes . I used this to see if I could keep them out of there . Well it took a few times getting zapped and now they get it . They don ; t even have to wear the collar anymore . Now we do n't have to crate or limit the dogs space while we are not around . I recommended this to all my friends with problems and would highly recommend it here .
 We used these collars to train our dogs to stand away from the front door . Every now and then they test their limits and we have to put the collars back on but overall it works well . My only complaint is that the collars look very uncomfortable . I feel as if they should be able to make the metal prongs on the collar smaller .
 We have a 1 year old Weimaraner that counter surfs , steals dishes out of the sink , and will steal food right off our kids plates !! Even expensive in home trainers did n't work ... this did ! I think because she is used to her outdoor electric fence the instant she heard the beep she backed away . Unlike other barrier methods we have tried like a leash and physical object , she did n't even bark when she realized she could n't get in ! This is the best product I have purchased all year . We can finally cook and eat in peace .
 This product works wonders I have 3 cats and I use it on them and all it took was 1 correction and they stay away from the area ... it has gotten to the point that they hear the warning beeps and they do n't even try it ... would definitely recommend this product to a friend or to anyone ...
 We have a beautiful miniature dachshund named Fritz . We bought him about a year ago from a fantastic breeder . We love Fritz and Fritz loves our kids , bu Fritz has ruined 12 pairs of shoes -LRB- oddly enough , just my wife and daughters , not mine or our son 's - he is particular to ladies fashions ! -RRB- . Anyhow , my wife had had enough . We tried everything , but kids leave doors open and dogs will be dogs . I finally broke and bought this . Amazing!It took him two tries to enter our room and that was it . He figured it out quickly . Collar on or off , it makes little difference now as he will not enter our room at all . Another reviewer commented on wishing this item could be rented , and I agree . It does n't take a genius dog to figure out that they do n't want the buzz on their neck . I highly recommend this product !
 Our newly adopted beagle is thin enough to fit through the cat door , go down cellar , bother the cats and eat all their food . With the base unit placed near the cat door , Benny got one zap and has left the cats and the cat door alone . Another plus is that Amazon charged less for this item than any other retailer I found .
 I bought this because one of our dogs was using our living room as a bathroom . We had been keeping her on an extra long leash , but it was becoming a pain . Because we already have the outdoor invisible fence , she was very easy to train and we 've had no accidents since .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKS AWSOME.I WAS AT THE END OF MY ROPE WITH MY FIVE YEAR OLD HOTDOG.THIS IS THE ONLY THING THAT WILL KEEP HER FROM GOING UPSTAIRS AND USING OUR CARPET AS A BATHROOM.SHE LEARNED IN FIVE MIN . . WE ARE BOTH MUCH HAPPIER NOW.IM BUYING A SECOND ONE FOR OUR LIVINGROOM COUCH .
 I like dogs . I swear I do . But not my ex-girlfriend 's dog . It would immediately knock over every trash can in the house every time we left -LRB- we 've recorded her -RRB- , and would pee on top of the bed whenever it felt like it . It also did n't care to listen when I would tell it not to beg by the dinner table . The sly little thing would try to sneak over to her side of the table and beg more quietly . At every single meal . Basically , this was the worst dog in the world . To make things worse , it refused to play with anybody but my ex , and it was an objectively hideous dog.I could put up with all of the above -LRB- and the million other unmentioned issues -RRB- , but not the tipping of the trashcans . It would leave a huge mess all over the carpets -LRB- some permanent stains too -RRB- and generally cause itself a major diarrhea storm a few hours later by eating food it probably should n't have eaten . To prevent this , we bought this collar.Let 's make one thing VERY clear
 Pros :1 . It will work when it worksCons :1 . The company needs to advertise more clearly that the range is a 6-foot radius ; or make the range larger to a 12 foot radius instead of claiming that it 's 12 foot so that most people assume that it 's 12 feet in distance instead of the 6 foot radius -LRB- which I think is what they intend -RRB- 2 . The company needs to advertise clearly that you do have to shave the hair of your pet to make a direct connection to the skin . I 've seen many 1 star reviews saying it did n't work when the owners did n't shave the fur off . This would really save the company many 1 star reviews . For all pet owners out there , I guarantee it will work if you shave the fur off the area of connection .3 . This product worked for a week then stopped working .4 . When it works the cat would mope around with a resentful look . Then it started to test the areas and range . Then it stopped working and we did n't know it so the cat went directly into our rooms . After fiddling with the connections , it started working again .5 . On the collar , the battery door is poorly design . If you look at the connection , it is loosely connected and only chance seems to let it make the connection . It would be much better to have a small on/off switch .6 . The design can be improved . In this day of technology I am sure the collar can be shrink down to a smaller size .7 . The packaging is the worse I 've seen . You have to damage and rip up everything in order to open the product . It was like they designed it not to be returned . You can seriously cut your hands if you 're not careful.Conclusion : I do n't know if I would buy it again but it 's the only option on the market . I 'll still give it 4 stars but it could be improved in so many ways . I wish the company would take the customer feedbacks and improve on their product instead of stopping development and putting out the same thing year after year .
 I purchased this item to keep our 40lb beagle off our new couches . It works like a charm . Set up out of the box was a snap . I installed batteries and set the transmitter to the highest setting . I then turned on the collar receiver and tested with the tool provided and the range was good . I then tried it on my arm , it is similar to a static shock , you can hear a warning beep first . We are a single pet home so have no use for the A/B feature . When I put it on the dog and he went in the room , he received the correction , ran out of the room and has n't gone back since . I have a few key points :1 Radius from the transmitter is about 1 - 6 ' , increments are easy set .2 Signal passes through walls and furniture but reduces by about half .3 Does not include the required 3 AA batteries for the transmitter .4 Does include the receiver battery .5 Longer prongs are available for long hair pets , see instruction book .6 Have your pet wear the receiver for a day turned off first .7 Amazon price -LRB- $ 42 -RRB- is awesome , Petco store wanted $ 105 , petco.com $ 62.8 Signal goes up and down as well as sideways so think about rooms above or below.I 'd highly recommend this device . My dog learned fast and does n't seem any worse for the wear , he rarely gets `` correction '' now as he just avoids the area even when he is not wearing the receiver . The hardest part is figuring out transmitter placement that keeps the pet from the desired area without inhibiting access to acceptable areas . Wish we 'd found this years ago .
 I work in a pet store and have a 6 month old kitten . Curiosity gets the better half of her at times and she 'll try to walk out the front door -LRB- so she can play on the ottomans outside or visit the nail salon next door -RRB- . Obviously , this was a great concern to me . I would just die if anything happened to her and could n't have that effecting business.I decided to try a couple of cat repellent sprays with her , but she did n't seem to care around most of them and I was concerned about having chemicals around everyone in any case . When I saw the PetSafe Paws Away Instant Pet Barrier , I figured I would give it a try!My mother has a PetSafe Scat Mat in her home and kitten just runs on top of it . It does n't bother her . This pet barrier , however , really keeps her away from the door . When she starts getting too close to the entryway , she immediately turns around . She 's even beginning to learn to not approach the area -LRB- and we 've only used it a handful of times -RRB- . The only complaints I have about the product are that it is n't 100 percent effective -LRB- there have been times where kitten decides to run through the barrier anyway -RRB- and it 's very difficult to get the prongs to work on her . She has longer hair and even though I purchased the longer prongs , it did n't work until I took her to get her neck hairs shaved down a little bit . Since doing that , though , it has seemed to work . I advise owners of pets with longer fur to note that they must call the company to purchase the longer prongs and that some grooming will be required.Overall , I 'm very happy with my purchase ! Great product for a great price .
 AH-Mazing !!! We have a wonderful , sweet , loving , friendly 2 year old yellow lab/golden retriever mix but she is a total menace when left alone in the house or we do n't have baby gates up all over our split level to keep her out of trouble . We have lived with baby gates at each level of the house since we got her and tried all sort of training but end result ... she 's a chewer . While her chewing is slowly subsiding with age she still immediately finds even the tiniest thing on the floor and immediately chews it up . With 4 kids in the house there 's just no way to 100 % prevent things from ending up on the floor.Anyway long story short all it took was one quick training session with a leash and she GOT IT ! No more baby gates ! Woooo HOOOO . Now she is a bit more timid of a dog and freaks out even when a gate gets knocked over and bangs on the kitchen floor so one little zap is all it took from the collar . We have it on very very loose so she can wear it all the time and all it takes now is the beep to remind her to stay on the main level . No more chewed up socks and underwear , legos , twisty ties , paperclips or cat chasing!Highly recommend trying it to restore pet sanity to your home ! Love it . We are getting a second puck to hang at the basement door to keep her from raiding the cat box .
 I have 2 , just got the 3rd , three dogs , three collars , three no-puppy areas . After trying everything , I finally have living room , dinning room , and nice rug clean , free of nasty surprises when receiving guests . Works fine , just check batteries often .
 I am happy with the product and would recommend it depending what you want to use it for . I am , however , slightly disappointed with the results but not enough to return it . Let me explain how it works , because I feel it was n't explained enough through the descriptions online.How it works is that the collar gives them a constant shock on a very low setting , progressively giving the shock at a higher level until it is at the maximum -LRB- even at the maximum it more startles than hurts , I know because I tested it on myself before putting it on my cats -RRB- . After about 15 seconds of continual shocking it stops shocking them and will then give a small shock every 5 to 10 seconds after that on the maximum level until they leave the area . The shock is not painful at all , just a little startling . The proof of that is in the fact that they will just sit there while it is shocking them -LRB- I checked it on myself and it was working -RRB- , it just was n't a strong enough shock make them want to leave.So , I got this product solely for the purpose of keeping my cats away from the Christmas tree . I have tried everything in past years , nothing has worked and I have usually ended up in tears because all the paper on the gifts gets shredded , the garland gets ripped up , and my ornaments become smashed . At first I did n't think that it worked at all because when we first put it on them , the cats would just walk right up to the tree and sit under it while the collar was beeping at them and shocking them , and there is no way to turn up the amount of the shock that is given to them . So , after watching the fact that they were just sitting there I was ready to send it back but my husband decided to try it for another day or two . Well we did , and the cats have n't bothered the tree at all ! All I can figure out is that it is annoying to them , because it is certainly not painful or they would 've run right away . Once in a while I catch them walking up to it , but they just sit there and eventually leave when the shocking does n't stop.Now , it does not work to keep them out of a room or keep them inside . I was also hoping to use this to keep them from making a mad dash into the great outdoors whenever we went in or out of the house . They will just run by the barrier before the shock gets too high . And one time when we were using it to keep them out of the bedroom one of the cats got in and apparently got shocked more than he wanted to and would n't come back out so we had to turn it off and carry him out because there is no litter box in there for him to use.It is also not as effective on countertops or tables because the range of the shock goes in all directions including down . So if the transmitter is set up on the counter on a 6 foot range , they wo n't be able to walk on the floor by the counters without getting shocked either . You have to set it down to about a 2 foot range to avoid this , which does n't cover a wide area of countertop , or you have to hang the transmitter from the ceiling somehow.Overall , the product worked , but not as well as I was hoping and not for as many of the problems as I wanted , but I would recommend it . I hope that this helps .
 We have owned three of these collar/discs now . We have used only with dogs . I have no experience with how they might work with a cat.PROS
 When I purchased this item , my Boston Terrier was approximately 6 months old and could not be deterred from the laundry room where the cat food and litter box reside . A very intelligent little dog , she would wait until I was in the shower or otherwise occupied to go party in the cat box and snack on whatever she found . -LRB- I have a Cat Genie , and the granules are n't toxic , but not recommended as part of a daily diet . -RRB- She knew this was a big no-no as evidenced by the fact she tore out of there and ran in to her crate when she heard me coming . There was n't a way to barricade the door as I had with my other dog who was much larger , because she is smaller than one of my cats . No amount of scolding , time outs , antistool eating pills , etc. , was effective.I bought this product and when I received it , was very discouraged because it did n't work . Changed the batteries in the collar and unit , relocated it from where I had origianlly hung it and success at last ! It only took her 2 attempts to learn the laundry room was now off limits . She wo n't even venture past it , so it has made the formal dining room/living room safe from the Boston Terror as well . I love that it has the auditory warning first , so she does n't get shocked if she inadvertantly gets a little too close becuase she 's playing or following me or the cats around . She does n't even need to be wearing the collar half the time , and she still steers clear.This definitely saved my relationship with her ; she is now 9 months old and instead of being suspicious that she 's being naughty and scolding her , I 'm able to focus on how wonderfully smart , sweet and funny she is without worrying about her munching on ` cat chocolates ' when I 'm not looking .
 We bought this in hopes of using it for our cat , to keep him from getting out of the dog door , due to the fact that he is de-clawed . I tried it out on myself before allowing it to be on our cat . It is n't painful , but does make you notice . He is now able to be upstairs and roaming the house . I would recommend it even for cats . It 's great .
 I 'm using this to keep one of our stubborn cats off the dining table , and it 's been working great . I tried it on myself first , and it does n't hurt - just really surprising . The device itself is a bit bulky , but it does n't seem to bother our 14 lb cat . It beeped when he got on the table , and after a few seconds , it obviously administered a shock - He ran off the table immediately . He tested it a few times , and while he did n't seem as surprised by the shocks , he definitely did n't like them and he avoids the table top , now !
 I purchased this system for a cat , to keep it off my kitchen counters . Since I ca n't be home all the time I wanted something that would discourage him from jumping up . -LRB- The collar is adjustable and the strap is about 3/4 '' wide , perhaps a little big for a cat . However it would work well on anything animal at least up to the size of a medium dog.It was a challenge to find something small enough and appropriate for what I wanted . Many of the training devices are push button , which is great when I am home . But does not good when I 'm at work or sleeping.I was thinking I would have to either deal with wiping down the counters all the time or get one of the perimeter wire systems and run it around the base of the counter tops.But I stumbled across this system and it seemed to answer my need.Setting up the system was easy , I first figured out a good location for the `` hockey puck '' then holding the `` shocker '' in my hand adjusted the range of the system until it alerted where I wanted it too.For those worried about how much this system hurts . This is how the system works . When first entering the area , the collar beeps , about a second later it beeps again and gives a mild tingle , another sec and it beeps and it gives a mild `` shock '' but not painful , another sec and beep and a `` drop me shock '' . Basically it warns with a beep and the `` shock '' starts out mild then increases a little each time.The first time my cat walked into the kitchen after I set the system up , the collar beeped and he looked around . Them beep and a strange look , then beep and he turned and ran out of the room . The next time he tested it he stood there longer , like he was testing it , until he finally jumped and ran out . Now he comes to the threshold and watches me but does n't go in , OK occasionally he still goes in and ` tests ' to see if he can go in.But he stays off my counters and besides that he is a happy cat and I do n't have to yell at him to get down .
 I have a border collie that I could not keep off the sofa when I was n't home . Recently she had begun chewing on the cushions . Absolutely nothing was working besides kenneling her . I purchased this in hopes of keeping her off the sofa when I 'm gone so she can be lose in the house.So far , she 's been left out alone for a bit over a week . On the first day , I noticed she had been on the sofa because of her hair , but the she had n't caused any damage . She probably got up , got shocked and jumped off . After that first day , she has n't been on the sofa since . Yesterday I forgot to place the collar on her while I was gone for about 5 hours and she had n't gone up on the sofa.I was concerned she may realize the collar was the source of the shock and would n't be able to put it on her , but she actually thinks the barrier is the source of shock . Which , would explain why , even though I forgot her collar she stayed off the sofa because she avoids the barrier.What I do ... In the morning , I place the collar on her and place the barrier on the middle cushion of the sofa . When I return after work , I remove the collar and place the barrier on the coffee table . Seems to be working great so far ! She still gets on the sofa when I 'm on it to cuddle , but she does n't dare get on when the barrier is there or when I 'm not sitting there .
 We got this to keep my mini daschund out of the kitchen . Unfortunately we have an open kitchen the range does n't quite reach both ends . The range is also very sketchy . Sometimes it wo n't beep and you 're right next to it , other times it works out to the 6 feet -LRB- this is when it 's on the same range setting -RRB- . Fortunately for me Hershey is an extremely neurotic dog . He got zapped one time and now he stays away from the entire area as soon as we put the collar on . He has figured out though that if the collar is n't on he can go in and be safe . I would love to not have to put the collar on all the time as it looks rather uncomfortable for him to wear . But every animal is different . Daschunds are incredibly stubborn and too smart for their own good so I 'm happy that it works at all!For those of you worried about a small animal -LRB- cat or dog -RRB- Hershey is 10 pounds and it has had no ill effects on him .
 I have four indoor cats . All under 5 yrs old . These cats were constantly running and jumping on every piece of furniture in the house . The last straw came when they decided to jump on my kitchen counters and nearly crash onto the stove where three pots were cooking . I began looking for a solution and found this product . I brought two sets to start with and boy ! did it work wonders . It only took a few saps on my two youngest cats and sure enough kept them in check . Two weeks later , I brought two more for the other two cats . I now have full control to where my cats are allow to be in the house . They do n't enter my kitchen at all . I have 6 barriers in areas that the cats are not allow in . They still run , jump and play where they know its safe . I feel relief that I do n't have to constantly be watching them . I brought rechargable batteries for the meters . the 3volt battery for the collar are not rechargable . these last about a month . When you put the collar on the cat , expecially if long hair , it has to be snug enough to make contact with skin . This is important or else it wo n't work . I have my meters on high . It only covers an area of 2 ft. or less which is not much . But it is effective enough to do the job . In overall , the petsafe barriers have worked well for my cats . I had no problems with the collar or meter , other then once in a blue moon , one of my cats get sap . But then again , the cat should not have been in the forbidden area . I recommend this product for owner that have over active pets .
 We live in a community where everyone walks their dogs all hours of the day . The storm door on our front door does not always latch properly and our 25 pound dog will push through to get outside when she sees another dog . I set the PetSafe Pawz Away right at the front door and put it on a 2 ' range . It is perfect ! Our dog can still sit and look out the door , but she learned quickly to not go too close to the door .
 I was having problems with keeping my dog out of the cats litter box . I was not at all confortable with zapping my dog with anything . After months of grief with the dog eating cat litter , I purchased this indoor collar . Before putting it on my little loved one , my roommate volunteered to wear the collar in the `` danger zone '' . After getting a quick zap , he confirmed this this should indeed , keep him out of the litter area . He described the quick jolt to be the same as if you had dit your funny bone . It did n't feel like an electric shock .
 I bought this to put at the top of the stairs to keep my stubborn Westie off the new carpet -LRB- she is the reason I had to get new carpet -RRB- . We already use a radio fence . So the first time it beeped , the dog knew what was up . It was very easy to adjust the frequency so that it only goes off when she comes around the banister to the top of the stairs . It was an excellent purchase and highly recommended for small areas or as a room barrier .
 We have a large dog and it works great to keep her out of the area/rooms -LRB- three -RRB- that we do n't want her in . Even when the batteries are dead the dog does not `` push '' her limit too much , however inches in closer.The reason for not rating it a ' 5 ' is that the range is not as far as I would have liked and that the batteries do not last real long.Suggestion to the manufacturer would be if the dog is within the ` tone range ' that it should shock it after a few seconds , which it does not do . Not until it moves closer . Maybe that is why the batteries do not last very long .
 Our yard is equipped with an invisible fence , so our dog already understands the `` concept '' behind pet barriers . We thought it would be a simple thing to use the Pawz Away to keep him away from certain areas of the house , and for the most part , it 's worked as advertised.As for overall quality and operation , I 'd say it was about what I expected . The transmitter seems a bit cheaply made , but it does work fine . I would have liked the option of having a plug-in version ... I 'd like to hide the transmitter , plug it in , and forget about it . Ca n't really do this with a battery powered unit - but of course , the battery powered unit is quite a bit more portable.The collar was easy to adjust and fit our dog fine . As others have commented , shock power is low , but it seemed enough to get our dog 's attention.The Pawz Away works as advertised , however if you have other similar systems , it 's not the most convenient thing to use . Mostly , the issue is multiple training collars - one for outside , one for inside . Means we 're constantly changing collars - would have much preferred a single collar that works with both systems . Also , the invisible fence collar emits a warning tone before our pet actually receives a shock - the Pawz Away works differently , and that seemed confusing to our dog at first . Worse still , our outdoor system has a progressive feature , where the stimulation starts very low and gets stronger the further the dog goes . It 's asking a lot for a dog to understand that a weak signal inside means stop , but a weak signal outside means slow down , but he eventually got this point.If I had to do it over , I 'd probably wait to see if the folks who make my outdoor unit make something that would work inside off the same collar . Still , this is n't really a criticism of the Pawz Away unit - it works fine and seems to be a good unit for the price .
 My doberman thinks he owns the house . Rewarding good activity/punishing for bad -LRB- even caught in the act -RRB- does not render successful results . He 's a complete hammer-head . When caught on the couch , he is scolded and instructed to go to HIS bed . This works when I 'm home . When away , he 's back on the couch . He 's now to the point where he will sneak on the couch and quickly get down when he knows I 'm coming IE
 I had trouble with my dog scratching the doors when i left the house . Since I bought this he does n't go near the doors when i am out . I bought an extra barrier so i could have one at both the front and back door . Could n't work better .
 Used this to keep the dog out of the cats ' litter box area -LRB- dogs can be disgusting , right ? -RRB- . Easy to set up transmitter , and the collar/receiver does not inconvenience the dog . Pooch learned almost immediately that she would be chastised - within one day , behavior effectively modified and enforced!Note - range does not seem to be exactly as specified - make sure you use tester before putting collar on dog to verify you are covering the area you want .
 I really like this pet barrier . Our dog learned to stay away from the front door in the first week . Now she does n't even have to wear the collar . She is now trained to stay away . I like the different settings . We used the lowest settings and it only zinged her when she was right at the door . We placed the main part right next to the door on the wall at her level . I think this is a great product for the money . I felt like I was being cruel to her the first time it zapped her but after the first time she did n't freak out like the initial zap .
 I was ready to give up on keeping my dog on the first floor only ! My six month old puppy quickly learned to jump over the baby gate I had installed on the stairs . This product is very easy to use ! As soon I put the collar on my dog he realized he HAD to stay off the stairs ! I love it so much I ordered another one to keep by the front door . Even when I forget to put the collar back on , my dog still stays off the stairs now ! Well worth the price !!
 My pets were getting on counter tops and now no problem in a six foot circle .
 We have a cat that kept sprinting outdoors when we opened the door . The barrier worked to deter him.Con
 I bought the Innotek ZND-1200 a few weeks ago to keep my dog away from the laundry room where we leave out cat food . The product worked perfectly . Our dog wo n't go near the room now . We can leave her home alone all day and the cat food is untouched ! We could never do that before . One of my main concerns was that the battery life on the collar would be short and I 'd have to replace the -LRB- expensive ? -RRB- battery often . But , we have used the battery included and left the collar on for nearly 3 weeks solid and it 's still ticking ! -LRB- I know , they say not to leave the collar on that long , but I want to drill this in to my dog 's thick skull -RRB- . Anyway , I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 I use this to keep my dear dog out of the cat food and the litter boxes . Easy to set up and use , although zone seems a little unreliable . Does n't seem to matter at my house , as `` Chuck '' got the idea the first time he walked into the room and got his `` reminder '' . Now he makes a wide berth by that room , as long as he has the collar on .
 The product is the best we ever got , we already tried so many of other gadegts on the market , but this one is really good . We have two dogs and now they do n't pee at the back door anymore , for the first couple days they didnt know what to do , but now with only the beep noise they already avoid the area.Thank you so much Innotek -LRB- this is our floor savior -RRB-
 We love this product for our little devon rex counter-surfer . We used it to keep him off of the counter and out of the kitchen . We had to trim the collar down to a very small size , but within a few days , he would n't set foot beyond the border between the carpet and the linoleum . The only difficulty we had was in setting up the device . Be careful because it will shock them through walls so make sure your device is set central to an area where you absolutely do n't want your pet . Additionally , we did n't get a full 12-foot diameter from the device , more like 8 feet . *** UPDATE 12/31/2012 *** We purchased the first collar and beacon over 2 years ago and they are still going strong . We actually ordered another set for our other cat to keep them off the counters.It should be noted that the battery life for the collars is n't great . We change the batteries about every two months - meh . And they use those annoying little hearing-aid batteries that are about $ 3 apiece at Rite Aid . We buy them by the dozen . Get them here
 I work at a vet clinic and our housecat kept chewing on pet food products to be sold.It was either get a invisible fence or get rid of the cat . Well , we all loved the cat so I bought this . It was much more inexpensive that the Invisible Fence brand!Its been working like a charm ! She once again has free range of the clinic with the exception of the food area . She seems to be a happier cat as well as my coworkers.Thanks !
 This has been a real lifesaver for us in trying to train our newest dog not to go into the cats ' litter boxes . He learned very quickly , and has kept up his good habits even if I do n't put on the collar . I like that it beeps first so he gets a warning . I would give it five stars except for two things
 The zones work great , within the limits listed below.Good Points1 . Has a A , B , and AB setting which lets you control individual dog access to areas or objects -LRB- such as separate food bowls for special diets , rooms , etc -RRB- 2 . The shock is mild but definitely uncomfortable -LRB- I tested it on me before I used it on the dogs -RRB- . It is milder than the strong static shocks I regularly get around the house .3 . The dogs quickly learn to avoid things that cause shocks.Limits1 . Collar wear is recommended to be limited to 12 hours due to rubbing by the stud on the neck . This can be a problem with intelligent dog and schedules requiring longer wear times . Intelligent dogs can quickly learn that the collar is the source of the shock and can wait until they are not wearing it to get into the forbidden .2 . The range increments listed -LRB- 2-12 ft -RRB- are not dependable . I find mine , with direct line of sight , is half that or less .3 . The six available range settings are not enough . There are times that 1 or 2 ft increment is too much .4 . Area of affect is spherical . Keep this in mind when deciding where to use them . Depending on the range setting , just walking by the counter or under the table can set them off even if all you intended was to discourage Fluffy 's nose from appearing on the counter/table top . The only way to alleviate this is to find some way to dangle the zone from the ceiling to correctly limit the reaction area to those 3 ft off the floor .
 My dog , chihuahua , is so resilent to correction . You can tell him something a million times , spray him , watch him , stare him down , he just does n't get it . So we put this in the living room where we do n't want him on the couches , we used a leash to show him what to do.We put the collar on , we tested the distance/perimeter with the collar , not on the dog . It beeps first , so that 's their warning . We put the collar and a leash on the dog , and let him walk over to the couch , he heard the beep , and we moved him away so that he learns where to go . He did n't get it the first time , but got it everytime after that , now he runs when he hears the beep . One problem though , when we put it in the doorway to our room , if he gets too excited he can actually run right through it and he does n't get bothered by it at all , no shock no beep . But that 's cause he 's running , he does n't usually run into a room . PLus he has associated the beep and shock with the sensor , so when he sees the sensor he avoids the area in its entirety . I only wish I could use it with my cat !! That would be great .
 very inconspicuous but very effective training device ... has kept an 80 pound lab mix and 65 pound shepherd mix from running and jumping onto an antique glass entry door ! -LRB- they 've been doing this for years -RRB- Works like a charm and love the fact that you do n't need any plugs , cords and can use multiple collars at one time . It is nice to know that I may move this to any other area in my home without complications and begin training there !
 I had researched this product and not found many people who had used it on cats . I have had great success using this product on my 2 cats . I wanted to keep them from entering the hallway to our bedrooms , which they have been doing for 6 years . At first they did not enjoy wearing their collars , but soon adjusted to them . It took about 3 days for the cats to realize they would get shocked if they started to go down the hall . Once they were trained , they have not attempted to go down the hall when their collar is on . Thank you innotek for no more hairballs under our beds , meowing at our doors early in the morning , and cats in the baby 's crib !!!
 If you own an obnoxious young Siamese cat like I do , you understand the frustration of demolished house plants , tracked-all-over counter tops , and strewn trash . But not anymore ! To my great suprise , cats shock-collar train really well : DThis device is really easy to use , though you wo n't be convinced after the first day . You DO have to make some adjustments to the system before it starts working the way it was designed to -LRB- zapping mr. kitty so he learns to not be into stuff ! -RRB- Some little pointers you need to know when setting up your system .1 -RRB- Placement of the trasmitter -LRB- the fire alarm looking thing -RRB-
 Hey , I actually like this thing . Since I started using it my dog has apparently stayed out of the living room it was meant to guard . And despite what I 've read in other reviews , I found the batteries in both the collar and the disk seem to last forever.My only reservation with this device is that `` 12 ' diameter '' range . Potential buyers need to understand two things
 This was the best thing I could buy . Got a new puppy , just a little poodle , but boy is it a handful . Gets into the baby 's toys , eats the cats food -LRB- which creates wonderful bowel movements -RRB- . The pet barrier was an instant cure and has not caused any harm to the little 4lb terror . He figured out after two mild shocks , that the beep meant he was gon na get it and stayed away .
 I 've tried several different methods to train my cat but nothing seems to work . He acts like a rebellious teenager that just wo n't listen -LRB- he even complains when I tell him ` no ' with a whining like meow -RRB- . I can tolerate some of his behavior but I was tired of him sneaking up on our dining room table when we 're asleep or not at home . He knew he was n't supposed to be there because as soon as we catch him he hops down . My wife was having to clean cat hair off the place mats , table , and chairs on a regular basis . Various methods including using a spray bottle or time out in the utility room had no effect . We also had a problem with him constantly trying to sneak into our bedroom.My cat is a large cat -LRB- not just overweight -RRB- . The product is rated for pets over 5 pounds and he is probably twice that weight . Other reviewers are correct about the range - it does n't cover a full 12 feet reliably but it seems to cover our large dining room table well along with another base guarding our bedroom door . As far as I know he 's only been zapped twice but he seems to have already learned the warning tones.It may not seem to work right away - I think this is because the prongs do n't always penetrate the fur well but it does n't seem to take long for him to move just right to get zapped . I could tighten the collar some more but I think it works well the way it is right now.As far as I can tell the product does work well . My only concern is whether or not the prongs will irritate his skin over time or that he might scratch at it too much , so I will have to monitor his neck to make sure there are n't any problems . However , it is unlikely that he will be able to get it off by himself.If you buy this for a cat that goes outdoors I recommend that you remove the collar when it goes out . The collar is a bit bulky on a cat -LRB- even a big cat -RRB- and for obvious reasons it is not a break-away collar so it could be a choking hazard for adventurous cats -LRB- but a little common sense should make it safe -RRB- . I also plan to remove it when he 's outside , just in case he could manage to take it off by some miracle , so he does n't lose it .
 Let me start by saying our cat ate our expensive leather parsons chairs . Yes , ate . Not scratched , not nibbled - ate . ALL SIX . The corners of the backs and even the seats are toast , and there are tooth marks everywhere . He also likes to open kitchen cupboards and take out bags of chips , gnaw on cell-phone/laptop cables , etc. . Sounds like a horrible beast , I know , but he 's really the coolest cat ever outside of this naughtiness ... Despite our best efforts , we had n't figured out an effective way to prevent him from continuing his destructive behavior . We tried Bitter Orange , the motion-activated loud beeper , the can of air-spray , even scat mats - the latter of which worked but required multiple to cover the whole table and was unsightly and unsanitary . He has tons of scratching posts and toys to play with , but nothing stopped this destructiveness.Well , we finally found a way to keep Cooper away from the chairs and kitchen cupboards . The PetSafe Pawz Away Instant Pet Barrier is a life-saver for us . Though I loathed the idea of shocking my beloved kitty , my husband was getting very close to confining him to small spaces when we were at work in an effort to protect our food and furniture , an idea I found more inhumane than the collar.Well let me tell you , everyone knows cats are smart , but this just shows how smart . Whereas a dog may not pick up right away that the tone and shock are linked , both of our cats did instantly . It took just once , and ever since if they get close enough to set off the warning tones , they move and quickly , too . They actually learn where they can and ca n't go , so they rarely set it off at this point . Again , smart kitties.The base unit is small and easily hide-able , has an adjustable radius , and so far the batteries have lasted a long time . Once the cats have learned how to interact with it , the collar can be loosened quite a bit . It 'll still provide the warning tone , and trust me , your cat wo n't wait to see if it 's tight enough to shock.We ended up buying 4 , and will likely get a couple more . One on the table , one in the kitchen cupboard , one each under our nightstands -LRB- to prevent the cable-chewing -RRB- . And now we can go ahead and get that leather sofa we 've been eying without fear it 'll get shredded ! 100 % recommended for naughty kitties ! : - -RRB-
 I bought this for my 1 year old boxer , Gromit . He has been trained to stay out of the kitchen since he was a puppy , but recently decided that he would go in and get into the trash every time we would leave him alone in the house . We bought this collar and made sure he had it on every time we left him alone for two weeks . He no longer goes into the kitchen and I no longer have to pick up trash when I get home ! I have n't put the collar on him for the last two days and he has n't gotten into the trash . I will keep the collar to give him `` friendly reminders '' if he decides to start wandering in back in there .
 I wish I 'd found this indoor pet barrier years ago . No more telling the pooch `` OUT '' every several minutes . On Day 1 , my assertive mini poodle quickly learned that going into the kitchen was off limits . He was startled the first time he went through the barrier . But quickly realized that the 3 warning beeps mean `` move back quickly '' to avoid a shock . He has tested the outer perimeters to see how far he can get before the beeps , but other than that , he 's only gone into the kitchen twice -LRB- through the invisible barrier -RRB- and after getting a little shock , quickly got out . BUYER BEWARE
 We have a very eager but sometimes very stubborn American pit bull terrier . We could n't get him to stay off the couch while no one was home , or while we were sleeping . Once he got the first shock and realized that it came from going near the couch , he simply did n't go near the couch anymore . Even if we are sitting on the couch and the dog is not wearing the collar ; he will approach us to be petted but wo n't jump up like he used to.I do n't know if it 's the barrier system or my dog , but it did take two or three days for the dog to `` get it '' . It seems that the range on the disc unit showed a bit of fluctuation at times . I 'd tested the range with the handy light-up tester provided in the kit , and sometimes it seemed that you needed to be directly next to the disc unit in order for a shock to be delivered . If you place the disc on a couch or coffee table , and approach it at a similar height with the collar , it seems that the range is less effective . I began placing my disc sideways on the couch , so it stood on its edge , and this seems to have produced better results.Years ago I had a black lab who 'd eaten two couches in a row , so I installed an electric fencing unit behind couch # 3 and ran the wiring through saftey pins that I 'd pinned underneath the skirt . This was the best deterrent I 've ever used , but was expensive and a bit bulky . The Pawz Away Barrier is n't quite as exact for location correction , but it does a good job with no wires , no fuss , and little expense .
 I was hesitant to use this type of product but desperate to stop my rescue dog from using the LR for her waste . In a little over a week she was trained to stay out of the LR . She is now going outside ! I am delighted with this purchase .
 Great product . We use it to keep our dog out of the livingroom when we sleep or go to work . I place the transmitter so the beam covers the livingroom archway and he wo n't go in there . We take the collar off when we are home and he knows he can then go in with us . My husband was ready to find him a new home because he would n't stay out of the area anymore -LRB- a baby gate worked for 2 years , then he suddenly learned how to jump it -RRB- . This is a life saver !! Have n't had to replace the battery yet so it must last pretty well .
 We have a small dog that would sneak into carpeted rooms in our house and urinate . Now he will not even enter the carpeted rooms -LRB- do n't even need the collar anymore after 2 weeks -RRB- . This has really changed our lives - we were at our wits end and now can breathe easy ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!
 We 've got a two story home , and did not want our dog going upstairs . Tried ugly wooden gates , which are a pain for us humans to have to use each and every time we or the kids want to go up or down the stairs . Plus , face it , gates are ugly . Finally found this product and took a chance . My enthusiastic 40 lb dog has NEVER tried to cross it . No mess , no fuss , no problem ... wow , wish I 'd have found this a year ago ! My dog wore the collar for a month straight , then last week I took it off her and she still wo n't try the stairs ! I now have control again . Thank you thank you .
 We have two naughty Chihuahuas . We had gates all over which was n't working well as our leg lifter would tinkle on the gates . Bought two sets of disc and collar . For those who may be concerned about the shock , there is a beep before it shocks and the dogs have learned what that means and avoid the area of the beep . I accidently shocked myself and it was more of a suprise than pain . We have one disc in the hall area we want to keep them from and the other is extra to use as needed . Currently the second disc under the Christmas tree . This has worked great . The dogs learned quickly and the gates are gone .
 this product is great and does exactly what it promises . my dog will never step foot on my hardwood floors again : -RRB-
 Our cat would decide to do it 's business on the couch . We got rid of our old couches and bought new . She did her business on the new couch once and I decided to buy this product . A cat does look funny walking around with this collar on but it does work . She jumped onto the couch a couple of times after having the collar on and that is all it took . The shock is not that bad but is enough to correct their behavior .
 I use this to keep my 80 lb . German Shepard out of our cats litter box . It works great ! He already has an invisible fence ... so he is trained when he hears the beep a shock is coming and to get away . Just wish this worked with the same collar . Its a pain having 2 collars . However , were with him during the day so we just switch collars at night when he 's roaming the house .
 This has been an effective product for us on 3 dogs now . It kept our first dog out of the living room since he was starting to cause wear on the good furniture and was a jumper when people came in the door . We used it on our second and third dogs to keep them from getting into the Christmas tree and the waste basket . It was only needed short term before they learned to leave the forbidden items alone . The only reason I do n't give it five stars is because sometimes we found the zones did not always extend as far or sometimes farther than expected .
 we got this for our 85 lb , one year old american bulldog who had a habit of getting into all of the trash cans while we were gone and turning the house into a dump . she would also steal food off of our grandfather 's -LRB- he lives with us -RRB- table every time he went to the bathroom . we got this e collar in hopes that it would put an end to her garbage rampages ... and it has ! i was n't sure if it would even affect her at her size ... but like other reviews have said , it gives a pretty good zap -LRB- of course i tried it on myself before putting it on my baby girl -RRB- . she completely avoids all of the trash cans now ! we have n't had to worry about coming home to a mess since we got this product !
 I first brought this product because I had a problem with my dogs getting on the furniture . It has worked wonderfully ! However it has also made one of my dogs skidish to come even close . Over all , the Pet Barrier works well and accomplishes the job it was intended to .
 We have a new puppy that we are potty training -LRB- she 's 6 months old now -RRB- . So far , this device has worked well and keeps her away from certain areas of the house . It 's reached a point now that even when the collar is not worn , she wo n't go into our front dining room at all .
 Bought this product because our cat kept going on our kitchen counters . Put the disc under the kitchen sink and set the range for 8 feet and the cat does not even enter the kitchen let alone go on the counters . works perfect
 I purchased this for my very old basset hound who was also very set in her ways . She does n't have the `` control '' like she used to and needed to be kept in the area of the house without carpet . After tripping over the gate in the doorway for over a year , I decided to give this indoor pet barrier a try . It took 2 days and 3-4 `` corrections '' at most and she has n't crossed the doorway threshold since . She does n't wear the collar anymore and wo n't cross the line even when our westie leaves a tempting rawhide chew just on the other side . This worked so well that I bought a PetSafe outdoor wireless fence for both dogs and guess what ... yep , nobody crosses that line ! Buy this !!!!
 Static shock is stronge enough to deter our 85lbs garbage obsessed dog from continuing to destroy our new kitchen cabinet containing our garbage . After one day in the house alone he wo n't go withen 3 ' of that cabinet . It 's also nice that the shock is progressive . He dos n't really do much after the first one , but the second get him to move . Works so well you wo n't need it after a week
 We have a couple of adopted dogs who used to be our only children until a few years ago . Since then they have steadily gotten more demonstrative of how much they miss having our undivided attention by picking certain areas of our house for special potty breaks -LRB- yes we do give them plenty of potty breaks during the day -RRB- . I would hate to guess how much time we had spent cleaning up after their messes . We 've tried various other options like baby gates or creating make-shift barriers . However nothing worked . They always found a way around , over , or through the barriers.So after one particularly frustrating day and coming home to cleaning up the mess I had had enough . I was actually looking for an outdoor invisible fence that I was going to install under the carpet . But then I found this and ordered it instead . A few days late I had it setup and the collars on the dogs . The first night I awoke to the beep-beep-beep sound letting us -LRB- and the dogs -RRB- know that they were getting into an area that they should be in . I got up , and took them outside to potty and have n't had a single problem since.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who 's in a similar situation .
 When we moved into our new home , our dog thought that the rules of the house changed and that she was now allowed up on the couch . We tried all kinds of methods to get her to stop , but every day when we came home from work she was seated on the couch . This collar has worked like a charm to keep her off the couch . The variable radius function is great so that the `` discipline '' zone is confined only to the couch , and the shock is firm but not painful -LRB- I tried it on myself first -RRB- .
 Had a problem with one of our greyhounds going upstairs and peeing and the other getting into the bathroom garbage . Greyhounds are smart dogs , and the first learned after two zaps to stay away from the stairwell , and the second after one . They collars are not cruel -LRB- zap yourself first , and you will see it is like a strong static pop you get on a dry , cold day when you touch a piece of metal or something after walking across a shag carpet -RRB- , but it gets the message across . Humane , in fact , because rather than the dogs getting scolded a hundred times for the same bad behavior , they can be cured of it in just a few minutes .
 I bought this at the recommendation of a friend . I have been using a baby gate for years now in my kitchen but wanted to give my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel more room . I want her to be able to go wherever we have no carpeting but there are so many doorways to gate off so she has been limited to a small part of the kitchen . That has been a nuisance for us because it 's a high traffic area so opening & shutting the gate is a pain . One opening into the living room is just too big for a gate so I felt I had no other options.Then I received my new Pawz Away Instant barrier . I have 2 door ways I wanted to stop her at so I bought an extra barrier . I set them on the floor where I did n't want her to pass . She only had to be corrected once ! At first I had it at the lowest setting so she did n't hear the warning soon enough & she ran right through . But after I turned it up she has stayed exactly where I want her to be . Even though she 's a really sensitive dog she seems comfortable with the barrier system . I was afraid she 'd become fearful of going anywhere near it but she has no problem with using all the space she 's allowed . If I 'm in the area I do n't even bother putting on the collar now.I wish I had gotten one of these long ago !
 We had multiple gates up in our home to keep the baby out of certain areas . Within months of taking them down we got a puppy and up they went again . Now they 're down again and we feel like we have our house back . After only a couple of days of having this device , by the end of the day , he does n't even try to leave the designated areas . I think eventually he may not need the collar . I only wish I knew it existed months ago .
 We are delighted with the purchase . More peace at home when I am cooking . Big dogs do n't have to reach far for a taste .
 This is my second one . 1st one lasted about 1.5 years . It keeps the dog off the sofa ... he learned not to come near it even if the collar is not on him . .
 Great product for the price and it really works . My dog stayed away from desired area after only three days of wearing the device .
 This is a great product.I was a little skeptical because my dog is tough , we joke that he does all his own stunts.But I am impressed , as soon as we tested it out , he stayed away from the outside door -LRB- which is what we want -RRB- . Now , whether the collar is off or on , he does n't go near the door.The range is not as far as described . I had to put it on max range to get about 4-5ft . But it has worked out because that is all I needed.One thing I did notice is that it beeps before it shocks , so the dog learns if he hears the beep , then back away .
 Best product that money can buy if you are having trouble keeping your dog out of the trash . All I did was wrap the transmitter in some plastic wrap and toss it in the bottom of the trash can beneath the trash bag . Works wonderfully ! Beeps once my dog gets inside range of the trash can and if he gets too close it gives him a good zap . I know because I tested it out on myself first and gave me quite a jolt . Needless to say after only a few months I no longer need to use the collar on him to keep him out of the trash . This has helped me sooo much . Thanks for the awesome product and if anybody is skeptical just hit the buy button now ! You will not regret this purchase !
 So , my freaking rescue cat has issues . You know that eating disorder where someone eats non-food items ? Well , he eats anything plastic , including my trash bags . It gets super annoying , super fast . I have several of the base units setup all over my home and he wears the collar 24/7 . This keeps him out of my kitchen , off my table , and off the tv stand where there 's nice yummy plastic-coated wires . I am back to buy another collar for my other cat -LRB- whom he has corrupted -RRB- and another base so that I can keep him away from my artificial Christmas tree which is made of PLASTIC !!!!! ARRRGH !!!! ** sigh ** I am seriously trying to save my sanity . This system works for us , I doubt anyone else would put up with this cat 's rediculousness.My only issues with the whole system are that mid to low batteries seem to throw everything off and that his furry neck seems to be too much for the prongs to handle . I have to shave his neck even though he 's a short-haired cat . It helps , though . I also have to keep good quality , fresh batteries on hand for quick change-outs .
 At first it did n't do the trick but after messing with it for a bit it is doing what we want . our cats have n't gone outside since
 Works just like expected and promised . Felt a little inhumane using a shock collar at first , but it has made for a safer environment for my dog . He only gets zapped if he chooses to ignore the warning beeps -LRB- which does n't happen -RRB- . I was completely convinced of its necessity when the battery in the collar died . Apparently he `` tests '' the system and had discovered no beeps/zaps and we came home to a turned over garbage can ... I do n't feel nearly as bad now !
 My smaller dog used to like to pee on the carpet in the family room & I got really tired of steamcleaning the carpet . We had tried putting up barriers but got tired of having to move them to go into the room -LRB- he 's a jumper so even though he 's short , he can fly over the barriers that were low enough to step over -RRB- , esp when we had our hands full , so we got this plus an xtra electronic barrier . There is one in the doorway of the family room & one near the cat door into the litterbox room after he was found squeezing thru that door to a -RRB- get to the cat litterboxes -- ewwww ! & b -RRB- at night the door to the family room was closed but the laundryroom aka catbox room door was left open so the cats could still get in & out of the family room & he was using that means to get into the family room at night & pee on the carpet . He does not ever pee on the tile , so it 's just mental & he 's a jerk.So the 1st time we put it on him & told him ` no ' when he tried to come in the family room & then later when we were sitting on the couch in the family room & heard him try & come in with a lot of yelping . He went ahead & ran thru but he felt it . I took the collar off to walk him back out , put the collar back on & told him no again . He 's only ran thru once again after that . We 've had these for 3.5 months now & he stays out of the family room & does not try to go thru the cat door anymore & the larger dog can still come & go as she pleases because she does n't pee on the carpet . Now I just need a remote for the collar so I can zap him when he tries to eat something I do n't want him eating . I 'm looking into it .
 We couldnt keep our cat off countertops ? Did lots of research and read the reviews of this product . So we bought it and lets just say our little furrball doesnt even come close to the cabinets after he got zapped ! We use it in the bedroom , around plants that he gets into , kitchen table ! After we got him fully trained he is a little angel . Dont even use it much anymore ! Great product !
 Three dogs and in one day of using this product ... they no longer get on the couch . I am so happy I purchased it . thank you .
 We have a very large dog and wanted to keep him off our expensive couches while we were away during the day . He quickly learned that the light shock meant to stay off the couch . I was worried about it hurting him so we tried it on ourselves first -LRB- it is a mild shock , not bad at all but enough to deter them -RRB- . We never left it on him for very long at a time and when it was obvious he learned -LRB- about 2-3 weeks -RRB- we stopped putting it on him . I am sure we will have to &#34; retrain &#34; him when he forgets .
 My cats have never had more energy or a healthier coat!This is great stuff ... . even if my cats do eat better than me !
 When you need this stuff you need it fast and they deliver . Saved my fish one more time . I love it .
 I bought this to use as a diluted solution to treat fungal infections in a few rescued poison dart frogs.It seemed to be of fine quality , and worked perfectly well . I would purchase it again , though I likely wo n't need to for a long time - if you are using this to soak amphibians , a little goes a very long way !
 my fish needed some medication to help with a fin rot ? problem that was difficult to find a fix that worked and was quick , easy and not to affect the other fish . At Amazon , I found some great medicine , Malachite Green , that is working , but it will take some time . thanks Amazon
 This toy is my cat 's favorite . It squeaks when he bats and claws at it , so it 's kind of `` realistic '' . I 'm already looking for a replacement for when the sealed-in battery wears down . I think it all depends on the cat .
 I use this shampoo every week for our two poodles . Works as expected and is a great value . Do n't need to use very much so the bottle lasts months .
 My cocker has developed an allergy to everything except sleeping . She is allergic to grain foods , and has severe skin allergies that drive us both nuts . Of course I have tried shampoo after shampoo for soothing her symptoms . Usually after she dries from her bath she starts licking and scratching again . I used this early afternoon and so far she has not scratched once ! This product is cheap . Not much smell to it , good or bad . Lathers well . And since she has a white coat , her feet always look dirty , even after bathing , unless I used a coat whitener which in turn caused allergies again . With this shampoo , it cleans her feet well with nothing more than a good lather . I see on this site where it states to leave on their coat for a good ten minutes , but I didnt see that when I bathed her , so she just got a good scrub , her feet sat in water during the bath after being lathered up . Her coat felt clean on rinse . And now her coat is gleaming white . No scratching , so I think this is going to be our new shampoo . I bought this at PetSupermarket , and Sears also carries it .
 This product not only produced a cleaner dog , but a better smelling pooch . Ultra White cleans very , very well . Highly recommended !!
 I have a Peek-a-poo and he is all white . This shampoo made him brighter as well as smelled good . He was soft and easy to brush !
 I have a Bichon and this works very well on his coat . Keeps the coat from yellowing . A good product .
 Gave my Shih Tzu a bath today with the shampoo I purchased from Amazon . He 's a bright white fluffy ball of fur now . Made the lighter hair brighter than ever . Loved it !
 I 've tried several shampoos and this is by far the best yet . It is gentle and needs no conditioner afterwards . The shampoo leaves the fur white and so soft .
 does a good job of bringing out the glowing white coat on my little Bichon . and it 's thick enough that I can thin it to make it last even longer . good shampoo . arrived promptly and in good condition .
 Works well ... highly recommend ... gets our Shih-Tzu 's coat very clean and looking whiter ... fresh , clean , fragrance !
 Nice results , fragrance , feel and brightening of fur/hair . The dog loves the water but the cat was a different story . I had to hold her down , but she never has liked being bathed by others . ; - > Try it , you 'll like it .
 I purchased this shampoo hoping it would brighten the coat and take away the dirt from the coats of both my white animals . This shampoo did just that . My all white shepard looked slightly dingy and dirty before , but after using the shampoo his coat did get whiter and even shined a bit.I would reccommend it to others .
 I use this with Angel Eyes and I cant really tell which is doing a better job , but there coats are definately better and whiter
 I LOVED THE PRODUCT IT MADE MY DOG REAL WHITE AND HE SMELLED GREAT FOR A LONG TIME . I WILL CONTINUE TO BUY THIS SHAMPOO FOR MY DOG CASPER .
 Yesterday my Bichon looked grey . Today he is bright white . This shampoo works really well .
 This shampoo works good , does n't lather as well as some I have tried and the smell does n't last as long as I would like but for it 's main purpose , which is getting a white dog white , it works well . Would buy it again .
 I have a male Bichon Frise who loves to get dirty . After bathing him with this shampoo he is bright white again . Would highly recommended it for light haired pets .
 I have a mostly white Papillon who was starting to turn a bit yellow from ordinary dog oatmeal shampoos . Even though she has a bit if black on her face and a few small black areas on her body I dedided to give this shampoo a try . She has sensitive skin and at first I was a bit worried about it being too harsh . I need n't have been . Groomer 's Blend is uber mild.I was amazed that after one bath her white fur actually glistened , especially in the sunlight . I never expected to see such dramatic results after one shampoo . Even her black spots were super shiny . Her coat was never as soft as this.Did I mention she also smelled wonderful?Bye bye inferior oatmeal soap !
 I love this shampoo . My poochon looks show ready after her bath and brushout . Her white muzzle and chest are the whitest and brightest , and her light apricot body stays looking its best . This product does n't have bleach or peroxide which is great and would work on any light dog!I highly recommend this product , but only if you want a beautiful dog !
 Wonderful product , It works great on my Maltese/poodle , Bright white is what you get . . and is good at removing stains on their coats ...
 This shampoo really works great & is a great price compared to pet store shampoos . I 've used it 3 times on my maltipoo and can really see a difference ... even on face & feet `` stains . '' Not crazy about the fragrance , but its not obvious after he 's dry . I purchased the Synergy Oatmeal conditioner with this and the two together work great .
 My dog is a labradoodle and this does her best to make her a lil more lighter ... . The smell is awesome ...
 I use this with my long-haired shih tzu and her hair has never been more manageable ! She 's never been this white before and her hair is easier to brush these days , less static , too ! Softness/Manageability can last of up to 5 days , and gets better with continued use.Takes a few more drops to lather up nicely though and I like CLV 's recommendation , but most of the time , I finish up with Pantene 's conditioner . Works wonders , as well .
 I like it and so does my dog . She sees me get the towel , shampoo and the brush she runs to the side of the tub where she gets cleaned up.Great shampoo ! @
 This is a great shampoo . We have a 6 month old Bichon and he is snow white . We bought this product when we first got him . It goes along way . Good trick , first we wash him in cheap mild shampoo to get him clean then we put the Groomers Blend on him and let him soak about 5 to 10 minutes . He is clean from the first wash so it uses less of this shampoo . Everyone remarks on how white he is . Our neighbors have a Bichon and she gets her groomed all the time and she is gray looking compared to our dog . We also use Angels Eyes to keep him white around the eyes and mouth . We will continue to use this product .
 I used a couple other whitening dog shampoos but never had such a great result . After applying this shampoo during washing , my dog becomes so much whiter almost instantly ! It smells great too . I recommend also buying Groomer 's choice dog conditioner which softens dog hair which makes it so much easier to brush and makes it smell great !
 This shampoo is very gentle and a mild clean scent.It is not perfumy smelling!Very Nice product !!! I will buy it again for sure !!
 OUR TEACUP MALTESE IS FOUR YEARS OLD . I HAVE TRIED A NUMBER OF SHAMPOO 'S ON HIS WHITE COAT IN THE PAST THREE YEARS . I RECENTLY BOUGHT MY SECOND BOTTLE OF SYNERY . I 'VE FOUND THE BEST ! HAMLET 'S HAIR IS SO VIVIDLY WHITE THAT OTHERS ' OFTEN COMMENT ON IT . I FIND THAT IT WORKS BEST IF YOU LEAVE THE SUDS ON YOUR PET FOR A FEW MINUTES BEFORE RINSING . JUST USE THAT TIME TO MASSAGE YOUR PET SO THAT HE DOES N'T FEEL ANXIOUS . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !
 I really like this product , I use it on my white poodle , and my white american alaskan doggies.They smell and look clean and bright white .
 I have n't seen my ` Dixie ' look so clean and white before this . My baby is a whitish-creamish colored shih tzu . Her white , though , never looked vibrant ; it looks sort of old and lackluster.Now she looks BEAUTIFUL ! Thanks to this product .
 This product cleans my dog 's white coat amazingly . He seems to glow after he 's had a bath and he smells great too . This product works better than more expensive brands that I have tried . I am very pleased with it and would recommend it to anyone with a white dog .
 I have a white miniature schnauzer who looks very clean and white everytime I wash her with this shampoo . The only thing that is not left completely white is her schnauzer beard . I wish there was something that would whiten that . However , it looked a lot cleaner . Overall , I recommend this product .
 I bought this because I have a white Maltipoo . The shampoo makes his coat shine and really white . Will buy again.Synergy Groomer 's Blend Ultra White Shampoo 17.3 Ounce .
 My three dogs all hate to have their nails cut . Or , let 's say , `` hated '' it . Now they tolerate it . I do n't think they 'll ever think , `` Oh , goody ! My favorite ! Now we get our nails cut ! `` This clipper is a wonder - it 's easy , fast and the nuisance is over before it began practically . This is a big plus in my doggies ' lives and my life , for sure . Before it was a fight and struggle . Now it is just a little three-minute chore . Thank goodness ! Five stars .
 This is easy to use and very ergonomically comfortable . I can easily choose to cut off just a small piece of nail , or the while thing . I am happy with this , and would purchase it again .
 This is an amazing collar . I have tried the shock collar for my yappy German shepherd as well as the zap collar with the remote . None worked , she just barked right through it . My yappy 80 pound dog barks at everything and anything !!! The first time it went off in her face , it stopped her barking . The collar only holds enough for 25 sprays so you have to keep filling . That really is the only down side . This is the absolutely the best money I have spent !
 we live in an apartment in nyc with our 8 month old puggle . we 've been doing the crate training during the day -LRB- 2 + hours in the morning and 3 + in the afternoon -RRB- so he gets used to being along , but i work from home , so i 'm sure he knows i 'm around . however , in the evenings if we go out for dinner and put him in the kennel/crate we hear reports that he 's been barking or when we come home , he 's barking . we finally got the premier gentle spray collar and it sort of works for us . he does not HATE the spray enough to stop barking right away , so some times he empties it . also , since he is part pug , he does a fair amount of whining , which sets off the spray ... lowering the number of times an actual bark gets the spray . i wish there was a way to adjust how sensitive the microphone is . we 've had it for 3 weeks or so , and i think he 's getting better , but again , this is not a cure . it only helps a bit . we are working very hard on adding an evening crate training block of time so he gets used to being in the crate in the evenings as well . -LRB- our fault for not doing this when he was 4 months old . . he was just too cute and fun to have hiding in the crate in the evenings . -RRB- we do n't think he suffers from separation anxiety , but think he has learned a habit of barking in the kennel when he thinks we 're not home . but i 'm not sure , as he never plays with any toys in the crate and only 1/2 eats his stuffed food toys , instead he just sleeps for an hour , then wakes up , whines and then goes into barking .
 Our welsh corgie did nothing but bark all day long before we got this collar . Now , his barking has decreased by at least 90 % . He still barks occasionally , but it 's a very quiet , under-his-breath bark . We love this collar . It has made a huge difference . The only possible downside is that it seems he has figured out that he CAN bark when he does n't have it on . If necessary , though , he can wear the gosh durned thing for the rest of his life .
 Better than the shock collars . Worked great until our dog learned to time his barks until the spray canister was empty then bark like normal .
 She barked twice , that was all it took . I felt so bad but is much more humane that the shock collars . She has learned that when I take the collar off she can bark and nothing happends . I plan on leaving the collar on all the time for about a month and maybe she will forget about barking , at nothing . I adopted her , so she could have some baggage , does not like most men , she is two , my other dog , also two but I got her as a puppy and is not a barker . Min Pins , Foxy and Foo double the love !
 Thsi actually worked really greatfor us . It 's difficult if you have more than one dog though . The otherone always ends up getting sprayed , too .
 This product worked great , almost too good . At first spray , my dog did n't know where it came from . By second spray , he did n't want to get sprayed again and sat in the corner . There was no 3rd spray , he does n't like to get sprayed . At this point , if he barks , i put the collar on him but i do n't turn it on , he 's very quiet when the collar is on.The only problem i noticed is that my dogs are very playful and sometimes the collar sprays when he jumps up and down and sometimes my other dog will occasionally bark in front of him and make it spray in his face.Overall , great product ! I do n't ever turn it on anymore , i just put it on him and he remains quiet .
 This product works great initially , but you must never let it run out of spray . My very smart and vocal pom mix figured out very quickly that if she ran and barked , the device would run out and she could bark at everything . My papillion and Sheltie however quickly learned that they do n't like the spray and just quit barking ! So now I have two quiet dogs , and a third that is better than before . Pretty good result I would have to say .
 I have used this product before , so I know this is the most humane way to train your dog not to bark . After 2 week I remove the collar and my dog still remembers it . should he bark again , I just remain her by putting the collar back for a few days . No , shock , no pain , justa gentle sprey . Great .
 My dog is a huge barker . She is an indoor dog , however feels that when she goes outside she needs to `` protect '' the house by barking at everything . We had a baby 7 months ago & the barking got a lot worse . Enough that the next door neighbors were making pretty ` sly ' comments about it . At wits end , I purchased this product . I had read the reviews and knew that some people had great success , while others did n't like it at all . I put it on the first time , she went out , barked once and then I did n't hear another peep from her . In my opinion it is a very humane way of taking care of the bad barker . She is smart however and knows if I do n't put this bark collar on that she can bark up a storm , so you almost have to put it on each and every time she goes out . I do n't have her wear it in the house as it is quite large and cumbersome & I think it would probably feel uncomfortable on her all day.Great product - I have already recommended it to a friend .
 I have a miniture schnauzer , that barks at everything . Every squirrel , person , loud noise , the TV . Its annoying.I only put the collar on him when I put him outside , just so the neighbors have some peace . And it definitely works . It may take him a single time to bark every time I put it on him to learn the lesson again , but its almost to the point where I forget he is outside becuase he is n't constantly barking . Very nice to have some quiet around the house for those couple hours I want to sleep in on the weekends.The only down side would be , that it is a little too big . It would be nice if they made a smaller size . That is part of the reason I do n't keep it on him all the time . He scratchs at his neck a lot , and I think it is becuase it is just too heavy and uncomfortable.But overall . It worked . And it was affordable , and in my opinon , humane .
 I 'll preface my review by stating that I rarely heard my dog bark before I bought this collar . She does n't seem to bark hardly at all when I 'm home.I purchased the Spray Sense collar after receiving complaints from my neighbors and roommates that she would bark a TON when I was away . -LRB- Our apartments have paper thin walls . -RRB- Since we started using the collar , I have received no further complaints from my neighbors , and occasionally my dog acts like a walking air freshener....win-win ?
 We have a 10 month old Jack Russell Terrier and she tends to bark ... at commecials and shows with animals in them ! She ca n't see outside so no issues there but she loves to watch TV and bark at the sounds and sites . This collar worked great . After the first time it sprayed , she did n't bark again . Took it off her after a week and no problems for about two weeks before she needed another reminder . It 's made a huge difference .
 I was skeptical that this would work with our wild-n-crazy Westie . It works exactly as described . It sprays her with a mist of citronella that does n't upset her , only surprises her and makes her stop barking . She actually begs to wear the collar ! The battery has lasted longer than expected and the spray refill has not run out yet . It has not mis-sprayed at all , but sprays consistently when she barks . It does not spray when she growls or `` talks '' which is nice for us . We are VERY happy with this solution to our barking dog issue ! Highly reccomended to others .
 We bought this since it 's a humane alternative to the horrible electric shock collars . -LRB- Do NOT buy those horrible , horrible things , please !! -RRB- Our hard headed dachshund mix caught on immediately and we do n't even have to turn the collar on for her to behave . We also bought the collar with the remote control and I reviewed that as well . I think these two together help create the perfect dog , particularly when you have a stubborn one like ours !
 I was going crazy with the constant barking of my two dogs -LRB- one is a Sheltie and the other is Chiwawa / Terrier Mix -RRB- . Only the slightest sound in the house got them going . They barked at everything - a knock at the door , the doorbell ringing , the neighbors dog barking , the kids jumping on the trampoline , a neighbor running by the house , and even when I picked up and held my daughter in my arms . I have had this collar for two days now . I bought two - one for each dog . Literally , after only two barks , and two puffs of Citronella spray both dogs have stopped barking . I now take the collars off for awhile to see how they do without them and they have been fine . My house is much more peaceful now thanks to this collar . I am a believer and encourage others considering an anti-bark collar to give this a try .
 I have a boxer hound mix who loves to bark . She will bark at someone while she is inside and they are across the street and 50 yards away . I put this sucker on her , and let her go outside . Within one minute , I heard a puff of the citronella come out . It scared her at first , but she is aware of it when I put it on her , and knows how to avoid getting sprayed . When new people come over , she has a high-pitched bark and whine that she enjoys displaying as she jumps , and with this collar on , she just greets them with a wagging tail and a good sniff . I only put it on her when she goes outside , or when her barking starts to become excessive . I have had people comment about what a `` different dog '' she is . She is such a sweet dog , and she 's very smart , but I also know that it 's ok to establish boundaries with dogs . This is more effective and less inhumane than a shock collar .
 We have a small dog , -LRB- pug -RRB- who would n't stop barking from the window at cars or dogs or people . After putting on the collar , he stopped instantly . Now his behavior has improved . We have n't tried this outside . So far I am pleased with this product . I also like that it 's natural and does n't shock our dog .
 He hates it but it works . My husband also likes walking up to one of his crazy friends , holding the collar up and barking at the collar himself . The friend gets a citronella surprise ... real funny . Anyway , so far so good . We have had some success using this with our little barker . We do n't leave it one all the time because it is a bit bulky on his little neck . I would recommend this if you need to `` nip the problem in the bud '' !
 Works great , the dogs do n't bark when the collar is on . Easy to use and maintain . Our neighbors complained about our dogs barking , our vet recommended this type of collar as the most humane .
 After using this only a couple of days , this has made the most annoying dog on the block , the quietest dog on the block . My only issue is that he has gotten smart to the collar and normally runs when he sees me take it out .
 We received this item in prompt time and in perfect condition thru the mail and with regular mail service . The collar is being used on a 8lb min-pin who has been know to bark joyously.Since the collar which we use only when we are leaving the dog is quite and happy when we return to remove the collar.Very pleased and good price .
 I love this Citranella Bark Collar . We put it on our 7 year old min-pin . He barked twice and got it . He continues to wear it , 3 weeks later , and once in a while forgets , barks , and is sprayed . He runs away , usually under the dining room table for a few minutes . But ... memory reset , and he returns to be social . This truly is a kind way to modify your pups barking behavior .
 Works great ! I use to have a shock collar for my little jack russell but it slowly burned holes in her neck . Even though it was shocking her , she would still choose to bark . I guess she felt that barking at a rabbit out-weighed the shock she knew she would recieve . This product is different though . It doesnt induce physical pain to my dog . It scares the crap out of her and leaves a pleasant citronella smell -LRB- which my dog hates -RRB- . Within an hour of her having this collar on and testing it out a few times , she no longer barks . I 've even taken the colar off of her for hours at a time and she still does not bark where she would have in the past . Very great buy and an awesome alternative to shocking your dog . I would recommend this product because it works and is cheap to refill !
 I hesitated on this purchase . I had heard from other Beardie owners that the citronella collar is completely ineffective with the breed . I only finally bought this one because it was cheap , I did n't want to run the -LRB- incredibly remote -RRB- risk of a shock collar burning my pup , and the lady who lived near us seemed about to go postal.But from the very first bark after putting it on our pup , I had hope . First bark scared the heck out of my pup . A few minutes later , a very hesitant bark - clearly , he 'd made the connection but wanted to test his theory . Sure enough , `` PSSST ! '' And that was all it took.The best thing about this collar is it does n't make him afraid to bark in general . We like a little bit of barking ; it 's one of our pup 's most effective ways of communicating . We just ca n't deal with the occasional barking jags . That 's where this collar comes in . He hates the sudden , jarring `` PSSST ! '' just enough to stop barking and regain his senses . We do n't keep it on him all the time . We only use it when he 's already started barking and wo n't listen to our `` quiet '' command , or when we 're going out and we know he 's in a bad mood and thus likely to bark . But when we need it , it works miracles .
 I took a big chance buying the Premier GentleSpray . I did n't want to purchase something that might not work , but I was running out of options thinking I might get kicked out of my apartment for my adorably tiny little barking Bichon . Obviously , for him being a small dog I did n't want to use any kind of shock collars on him , but this worked amazingly . To be honest , I was skeptical . I tried it on him , walked out of the apartment , heard him bark once and then he never did it again lol ! He does n't even need to wear it anymore . I think he has learned his lesson .
 Boy , worked the very first time , now all I have to do is show it and the dog runs practically .
 OMG !!! What a WONDERFUL idea ! My tiny toy poodle , Hank barked like a mad man at EVERYTHING . I tried several ways to stop his barking and got no where . Then a friend told me about this GREAT collar AND IT WORKED INSTANTLY !!!!! I bought the refills and extra batteries , but I do n't think I 'll ever need them . All I need to do is put the collar on him and he shuts right up . This is the BEST money I 've ever spent !!!! REALLY !!!!!
 Even in my wildest dreams I did not think this collar will work as it did.It took 2 hours from the moment we put it on our dog until we noticed the results.The whole attitude of our dog has changed dramatically.This collar is 5 stars all the way !!
 From the first try with this collar it has worked wonderful for my 51/2 year odl corgi Sydney . She immediately stopped after only half the bark out . What ever reason she likes to bark alot - rabbits , cars , squirrels , other neighborhood dogs barking she know she will get sprayed . The bunnies still get a half bark out-the are just to much for her !! But that is all . Now it works great for me but I have another corgi that it had absolutely no effect on ! So it depends on the dog , the device works . I would buy it again and recommend trying it .
 We just bought a 2nd one of these for our newest family addition . Both dogs are shelter dogs , so when you bring them home barking is huge . At first we thought it was n't going to work . However , this is when our dogs were anxiety barking . At that point the dog gets more anxious , and actually barks more . If they are barking out of boredom it works . If you have a new dog , let them get a little more comfortable at your house before using . Also , start only using it where they boredom bark -LRB- for us , that place was in the 10 by 10 kennel outside -RRB- Now I 've taken this spray straight to the face a few times , even got it in my eye , and it 's really not a big deal . It 's annoying , but it does n't hurt.What this means is , if a person walks in your yard yes your probably still going to get the barking . But if your dog is just barking for sport , it may just work for you.It worked 90 % of the time on our German Shepherd , and works on our new Doberman . The German Shepherd -LRB- 9 months old -RRB- even wears it to bed -LRB- she 's crate trained -RRB- now that she understands how it works , and has turned some frazzled dog owners into happy dog owners . She used to bark at 3am until we got up and hung out with her , now we sleep all night , and it 's all this collar . If she does n't wear it to bed we 'll be having problems . She also has accidents in her box if she starts barking a whole bunch , but with this collar she does n't bark , so she does n't get riled up , and so no accidents in the box.It 's a life saver for us . Hopefully it will work for you . Just do n't give up on it the first week , especially if you 've got a nervous dog . Buy lots of extra spray and extra batteries . Every penny we 've spent on these for MONTHS has been worth it , even if it does n't stop ever single fit of barking . At times they do bark right through it , but those times are few and far between and can usually be resolved by refilling the collar after they run it out the first time .
 This collar is fantastic ! My dog used to love to bark at night when it was windy . I tried a few other training and anti-bark methods/devices -LRB- sound box -RRB- that were unsuccessful and was a bit frustrated . After purchasing this collar , barking was no longer an issue . After being sprayed a few times , she quickly learned barking = spray . This device has not been a training tool for my dog . She knows when it is on and has realized that when it is not on , she will not be sprayed if she barks . On windy nights , I place it on before I go to bed and take it off in the morning after a great night 's sleep .
 This product works so well . The only problem I had with it was when my lab barked it set it off in the face of my other pup . Was funny but cruel . We have it all worked out now but it definitely works ... just remember to praise them for not barking . That is the key .
 This bark collar is simple and it works . We 'd previously bought a different brand spray bark collar for our three dogs . The other brand worked horrible . It was hard to turn on , impossible to refill and it would n't spray every time the dogs barked . Our littlest figured out if she barked soft , she would n't get sprayed.This bark collar received great reviews so I went out on a limb and bought three . They work great ! They 're really easy to refill and they spray when the dog barks . The previous bark collar used to spray when our littlest dog would shake . I always felt horrible when it did . This one does n't . My ONLY complaint
 Great products . . worked wonders until my dog figured out how to bark just right so it wo n't go off !!
 This collar worked great on Lucy -LRB- lab mix -RRB- , she loves to broadcast her presence ; she learned almost immediately that she could not bark and sometimes resorted to a whisper-bark -LRB- cracked us up -RRB- . It also had a very calming effect when taking our Dinah Soar -LRB- Catahoula -RRB- for a walk - forgot to take it off before she went for a swim in the pond ... the collar does not like water ! I 'm ordering another collar because I need to get some sleep !
 We bought this collar for our Jack Russell . We have five dogs and do n't have a barking problem except for him . It 's not that he barks incessantly , but he loves to jump at our male Siberian Husky and bark his head off , often at night in our living room when we 've all settled down to watch TV and trying to relax . The other annoying time was whenever one of us loads the dishwasher ... for some reason that sets him off . We put the collar on him and he barked at the dishwasher once , then ran under the kitchen table . This happened several more times , and that was it . Now when he sees our Husky he just stares at him . The quiet is almost eerie ! It is so great to find a product that works as advertised .
 The product is great . I borrowed a collar from a friend and it worked well . I ordered my own from Amazon and the one I bought is defective , BUT Amazon has a no return policy on this item . Buy it directly from Premier ; their website says they will honor their warranty .
 My beagle was trained not to bark outside in three days wearing this collar . I only put it on her when I was home to monitor her , and it took 4-5 barks before she learned . Next I 'll have her wear it indoors so she learns not to bark excessively when the doorbell rings .
 This collar works pretty good indoors , but it 's definitely not worth it out of doors . In our back yard our dog still responds to the spray somewhat , but when we 're camping she does n't even notice the spray . I think it carries away from her too quickly . Also the batteries do n't last very long . The battery that came with the collar was dead and we 're already on the second spare . We 've only had this collar for a few months and it 's not used all that often .
 This product worked very well for my cairn terrier ; she hated the spray and it triggered appropriately . Lately -LRB- I 've been using it for a month or so -RRB- the spray does n't trigger every time she barks . I will try a new battery - but it would be nice to have known how quickly the product uses up the battery . Overall , I would recommend this for small dogs with a barking habit .
 I ca n't even express in words how pleased I am with this product !!! We live in the middle of a little town and every time our dogs get tied outside , my one dog , Macy , will just go on and on about anything and everything ! She never listens ! Other dogs in the neighborhood then start barking , and it becomes completely obnoxious . As soon as we put this collar on her though , she responded very well to it and stopped ! Once in a while she 'll forget it 's there , but with a gentle spray , it quickly reminds her . Our house is sooooooo quiet now , and I 'm thrilled that the dogs making a racket in the town do NOT belong to me !!!!!!
 We wanted a humane way to keep our two Maltese from barking whenever we left them in our camper to go do something on our own that did n't shock them or hurt their ears and this seemed to be the best way to do it . It works for us plain and simple . The first time we put these collars on them we left and just kind of hung out nearby to see what would happen . They barked a few times then it stopped . That was it . That seems to be the case each time . They use to bark and bark when we would leave them and they would still be barking frantically when we would return . Now they are not barking when we leave and everything is still peaceful when we get back . Think of this , when your dogs are barking constantly when you leave them not only is it very annoying to anyone else close by that is forced to put up with all the noise but it is very stressful to your dogs . Especially little dogs . Little dogs get very attached to their owners and can experience high separation anxieties and become very stressed and scared . If they are not allowed to bark themselves into a frenzy it helps them stay calm and less stressed . This is just a great product . If there is anything negative about it at all it is that the boxes on the collars that transmit the spray are a bit large for small dogs but the dogs seem to deal with it fine .
 My dog learned on the first try not to bark or he 'd get a whiff of the citrus spray . The funny thing is that he does n't associate it with the collar and welcomes me putting it on . Even though he 's somewhat high strung it has n't appeared to spook him , just stopped the barking .
 My dog barked throughout the night so i got this and had it on him one night and he doesnt bark anymore . every now and again he barks but not like he used to . he used to literally bark constant . i would recomend this product . i am glad i got it .
 This is an amazing product . I have two beagles , one of whom is quite mouthy . This stopped her from howling on the first day . I take the collar off when she is inside , but everytime she goes out she knows that the collar is going on and that she needs to keep it quiet or face the consequences . She learned very fast , and has only actually been sprayed twice by the collar . We 're going on two weeks . I am sure the neighbors like the product as much as I do .
 I bought this type of bark collar because I have a 5 lb . maltese and was concerned about another collar hurting him . It worked instantly and especially for when someone comes to the door . I believe dogs need to bark because that is their way of communicating , but incessant barking at a passing car or children playing outside when the dogs are inside is not necessary or wanted . It helps especially when company come . My daughter bought one for her dog also and his behavior has changed for the better on all their walks . No more barking at dogs that they pass .
 I have a male maltese who is not a `` yappy '' dog ... except when people come home or a sudden change happens or when our other dog moves around the house . When he does bark though it is very annoying and noisy and sets off the other dog ... From the moment I put the collar on my dog he knew something was up . He tried a little bark and when it sprayed him he got really confused and stopped barking . Same with the second time . He has learned that if he makes a low enough barking sound then the collar wo n't go off . But these are almost like whimpers and are more cute than anything else . All in all I love the collar so far . Will post more it things change .
 This collar works really well on our Bichon . The only issues we have are that the batteries do n't seem to last very long and neither does the citronella refill.But it stopped our dog from barking , so we love it !
 This is the best invention ever ! My dog barked once with it on and then never again ! thank you !!!
 This anti-bark collar worked on my German Shorthaired Pointer overnight . I had adopted him through a rescue org and had just brought him home . Although he is crate-trained , he would HOWL whenever I left the house , to the point that I thought the neighbors would start complaining . After just one time with this citronella anti-bark collar , he has stopped barking completely . Unfortunately , I have accidentally set it off by talking too loudly to him when he 's wearing the collar , but I take comfort in the fact that it does n't hurt him at all and he does n't seem to mind wearing it . In fact , I will probably stop using it altogether soon as it has done the trick .
 Use this on my 3yr old Springer Spaniel . I only use it seldomly because it really freaks him out , but it definitely works . He also has an electric fence collar so he ca n't have both on comfortably so it 's a little annoying to have to switch between the two . It even works if it is n't on ; we had it on the table and he started barking and it went off ... and our dog noticed and got distracted from his barking .
 This collar is great . I have had one previous and it lasted well over 5 yrs . This is the best and humane way to stop barking dogs who bark too much ... I use mine every day but do not leave on at night or for extended time . A great tool when company is coming also . I highly advise anyone to use this item if needed .
 This is a great product . Our yellow lab was waking up at 3:00 am . I would let her out to relieve herself and put her back in her kennel . She would immediately start barking again until we finally could n't stand it any longer , sometimes for 2 hours ! I put the Gentle Spray collar on her at night when we put her in her `` bed . '' She barked once the first time , and has n't barked at night in a week ! It does n't leave any lingering odor , and is harmless to her . Thanks for a great product !
 This is marvelous . My Maltese , who is not very bright , figured it out immediately . She will not bark at all with it on . Now , all I have to do is show it to her , and she stops barking . Also is more conscious of her barking at other times , more likely to respond to `` no . ''
 Works well , very good price versus pet stores . -LRB- i.e Petco and PetSmart -RRB- Dogs are smart though , he knows when it is not on !
 I was kind of hesitant to buy this collar but I do n't like being shocked and I could n't imagine doing that to my little guy . I have a english bulldog and I was worried that his wrinkled skin would make this collar useless , but I decided to try it anyway . It worked like a charm for my guy . The barking has stopped and it is n't painful , just annoying to him . I would definetely recommend this collar to anyone who has a problem barker . The only thing is you have to be consistent , everyday until they stop and then some . After a while they know the smell of the collar and you wo n't even have to turn it on ! It worked great for my 1 year old bulldog .
 it is wonderful , wish we had ordered it when we first heard of the product . the dog is so much more under control and it does n't hurt him .
 I think the product works well but probably wo n't stop my dog from barking . He still barks once or twice , gets sprayed and then barks again a few minutes later . It has stopped incessant barking which is why I give it 4 stars . We have noticed that citronella spray does take on an odd odor when it sits on our dog for a while and now have to bathe him every week or two to get rid of the odor .
 This is the second time I have bought this system for our little dog , Bear . It is an effective method of preventing and deterring barking , while being humane to the dog . In our case , he test barked a few times and did n't like the smell and stopped barking after that . The problem is , I think we started training him on it a little too late , so know he knows that he just ca n't bark while he has that collar on!We ca n't leave the collar on him all the time for two reasons . 1 -RRB- It is a little too big for a smallish dog . I believe they say anything over 10 lbs , and Bear is about 16 lbs . However it is a little clunky for a little dog to wear all the time . 2 -RRB- Bear would try to scratch at it to get it off . If wearing when we were n't around he scratched and damaged the latch -LRB- hence our need to buy a second one -RRB- . Despite the fact it is a little too big , I think it is the best humane system I have come across . Please do not buy the shock collars ! This usually works much much better without harming your pet.The company who sent this -LRB- Entirely Pets -RRB- was great ... I got the items on standard shipping from them before I got my items from Amazon on 2-day ship -LRB- ordered at the same time -RRB- .
 I bought this for my barking dogs . We live in a condo and the neighbors complained that they had been barking all day.After one day there was a noticeable difference . The barking was stopped and they began to approach strangers and let them pet them.Hopefully it will continue to produce these results !
 It 's still too early to tell whether the spray in the face will curb my older dog 's incessant barking when someone comes to the door , but the squirt in the face does appear to give him pause . Unfortunately , the squirt does n't happen 100 % of the time . -LRB- I think it depends on the tightness of the collar , or how much he strains when he barks . -RRB- To me , the most valuable thing , however , was the advice that accompanied this device
 I would tell anyone this is the bark collar to buy ! We had complaints of our black lab barking all day while we were at work . I did not want a collar that shocked so I decided on this one and it is amazing . I have spoken to the neighbors and they tell me they hear no barking while we are at work . If you &#8217; re thinking of a bark collar this is one look no more .100 % satisfied and super easy to refill.Keno Oregon
 my house is now alot quieter , and its safe for them , no shocks , does n't hurt my little guys . ,
 Our mini dachshund just turned two and has been barking more and more , especially since we moved into a new neighborhood . She immediatly responded to this collar and is now quieter than the cats even ! As a side benefit , since we are no longer irritated at her and never yell at her , we are more affectionate to her and her in return -LRB- we were never mean , but it was noticable of our five pets she WAS the most annoying -RRB- . I highlyl recommend this collar .
 We have an 18 month old Golden Retriever . He 's a very good boy EXCEPT during dinner . He is the most food motivated dog on earth , I think . We have to crate him while we eat or he 'll lunge at whatever he thinks he can reach . While in the crate he barks non-stop until the table is clear and we let him out . Needless to say , dinner conversation was not very good with a LOUD dog barking his head off in the next room.Anyway , I read the mixed reviews , here , and took a chance . WOW !!!! This thing worked for us IMMEDIATELY . I put in on him , put him in his crate , and he barked exactly one time . That was it ! He started loudly whining about 5 minutes later and when he got too loud the collar went off . He sat down and waited quietly after that.Today is only our second day , but after putting on the collar he immediately settled down quietly in his crate . I think he smelled the citronella residue on it and knew he 'd better be quiet.This is so worth a $ 30 gamble . If it works for your dog you 'll be thinking it 's worth its weight in gold . If you have one of those dogs that does n't care about being sprayed , well , at least you 're only out $ 30 .
 One of my dogs became a barker , seemingly out of nowhere . I tried to use training techniques to get her to stop , but it just was n't working . I loved the idea of a non-harmful collar such as this one . No shocking just a spray of citronella in the face . It works like a charm ! Unfortunately , she still barks if she is n't wearing the collar , so it did n't cure her of her barking issue as I 'd hoped it might . Still , it gets the job done when she wears it and that 's all I could have asked of this collar . My other dog barks a little . It seemed like nothing compared to her , but now that she 's not barking it 's clear I need to take care of his smaller barking issue as well . I 'm going to buy one more collar and that 'll be that ! I definitely recommend this to anyone have issues with a barking dog .
 I have a sweet hyper yorkie who thinks its her job in life to bark at everything . The very first time she barked with the collar on and got a gentle puff of citronella , she stopped mid-bark with wide eyes . I am so thankful this works because I could never use the shocking collar . Three days of peace and more to come . I 'd have given it 5 stars except for its size and weight . Plus I had to swap out the collar as it was waaay too long . If it could be made smaller for a wee dog , that would be great . It almost toppled her this morning . But it works , so we deal with it . : -RRB-
 I only bought this out of respect to my neighbor . They would tell me how my dog would bark and whine when left home alone . They said it would go on for hours until I got home -LRB- dog would be home about 2.5-3 hours a day -RRB- . Obviously I needed to do something and a shock collar seemed cruel . So I decided to use this collar ... and it worked perfectly ! The first day that I used it my neighbor asked me where my dog was and I said that she was home alone like always , and he didnt believe me because she didnt make a peep . I only used it for about a week and then decided to leave her without it on ... and she still didnt make a peep . Completely trained my dog in a week . I love this product !
 I was hesitant on this working on my very stubborn terriers . To my shock , it only took wearing the collar for about an hour each and I havent heard a peep from either of them .
 It actually works ! My dogs behavior is even better and he never fought me when putting it on !
 Premier Spray Sense Anti-Bark Dog Collar . I received this collar yesterday . When they say Silence is Golden , it definately is . I have a JackRussel/Bichon mix and boy she barked at EVERYTHING . This collar is Heaven sent . It is already working , and it is not a bad smell and it does not stain or leave coat with an odor . I can not believe it . The mailman , UPS man and my neighbors will be happy and I can watch t.v. in peace . She only had one fault and that was barking . She now has no faults . It was sent by `` As Seen on TV Products.ws '' . I would definately deal with them again . They were quick with delivery and right-on about the collar .
 Put it on our dog and presto she no longer barks . She growls as she has figured out that growling does not set off the collar . You have to replace the battery and the citronella on a regular basis but it 's so WORTH it !
 I have two yapping terriers that bark at anything and everything - especially when I 'm not at home . We were getting a lot of complaints from the neighbors , and rightly so . They could n't enjoy their backyard with all the annoying noise . I took the chance and bought two collars . The spray works like a charm and has stopped the barking . The best things about the spray is that I dont have to be around for it to work , nor do I have to worry about it causing pain . The price was very affordable compared to store prices . Once the collar is off , they 're back to their old habits , but at least I have some control .
 I have a Lab that was from a rescue shelter . As it turned out , he was a barker , and whenever I left him in the backyard for even a minute he started barking and would n't stop until I let him in or I went outside with him ! He is a chewer so leaving him in the house when I 'm not there was out of the question . When I received the collar I put it on him the next day and put him outside . I went to my neighbor 's house so I could `` spy '' on him . After the first three barks , not a sound was heard . The next day I was at work all day and I had my neighbor keep an `` ear out '' for the barking . She reported that after one bark , no more barks were heard . The same was true for the next day . After about a week I took the collar off and there is no more barking !! What a great product !!
 I moved to a new apartment and my bischon was having difficulty adjusting when I would leave him during the day . I purchased this more on a leap of faith hoping beyond hope that it would quiet him down so as not to upset my neighbors . Though his scruff did smell of citronella when I came back , it dissipated fast . After a few days of using the collar and him not barking , I 've begun putting the collar on him but not turning it on and it seems to be enough .
 This collar works very well . The only problem is that she knows when the collar is on and when it 's off . She will not bark when the collar is on but knows she can when the collar is n't on . Since the collar is so bulky we do n't make her wear it over night so she does some barking in the morning . I do n't think this is a product flaw , just that the stinker is too smart ! I would recommend this collar , very effective when worn . I 'm also impressed with the way the collar 's spray and battery life lasts . I have not had to replace the battery yet and only the spray once . I think the spray only due to the fact that my husband loves to show our friends and family how it works , not on the dog of course !
 This collar does work ! It is safe for the pet and keeps her from incessant barking . Even the Postal delivery person appreciates it !
 My dog gets on my nerves when she barks ... this mostly solves the problem . She stops barking much more quickly when the collar is on . However , when there is something really important to bark at then she ignores the spray and continues to bark . I give it 5 stars because it does deters her barking and does not hurt her ... I do n't think a shock collar would do any better ... trust me , we have tried to stop the barking and even holding her on the ground while closing her mouth and that is n't as effective as this collar .
 I love it & it really works . We have 2 dogs who barked at everything & everybody . I tried everything except the shock collars which I would never use . These gentle spray collars worked like a dream .
 I have 2 Chihuahua 's , one just licks and wags her tail and the other one barks , constantly ! A friend of mine had this collar and put it on my little barker , what a difference ! No more barking and she knows what will happen if she does . I highly recommend this collar for anyone needing to control their dogs barking.I give this an A +
 This collar changed our lives . Our neighbors were so sick of hearing our dogs , and we were so sick of hearing our neighbors complaining about them . We put this collar on the dog , and the problem was over . She did not bark again . She hates the citronella smell , and the spray sound startles her , so to her , barking it just not worth it . I do n't even turn the collar `` on '' anymore . As soon as i put it on her , she gets quiet . Amazing .
 We have a lab that would bark at everyone who walked by our house . After a few sprays he learned not to bark .
 My three year old lab/shar pei mix is convinced that she is a guard dog , especially in the middle of the night when the rest of the world is sleeping . I wanted to get her an anti-bark collar , but there was no way I would go with a shock collar - much too cruel.Enter the GentleSpray collar . I 've been using this for a year with great success . At first , I left it on her all the time , but I 've been going longer and longer increments without putting it on her . I needed to get a battery replacement and more citronella after about 8 months . She is a pretty stubborn dog , so it takes a few times of her getting sprayed before she gets annoyed with it and stops barking . Maybe your dog would learn faster than mine . Regardless , I 'm very happy with it .
 We have 2 dogs , beagles , who for the first year or so of their lives spent many nights barking for hours on end which would result in me having to get out of bed at 3 a.m. go out into the backyard in my pajamas , wrestle the dogs into my arms , and drag them into the garage where they would be contained the rest of the night . This would muffle the barking for the neighbors but for us it was usually louder and more annoying . I was about ready to give the dogs away when we found these collars . There are no prongs sticking into the neck , no harmful shocks , or burns , just a harmless spray that works off of a micraphone in the box . The first night they had them on , we heard one bark , the spray activated and we did not hear another bark the rest of the night . Our prayers were answered . This product is highly recommended .
 I highly recommend this product ! My golden retriever has been a friendly barker when other dogs walk by . When we sold our house & moved to an apartment , I knew I had to eliminate the barking completely . She is a very nervous dog to beging with , so I knew that I could never try a shock collar , beside the inhumanity of the shocking would kill me . I used it for three days and the barking is completely gone & all she needs is a redirect when the low growl comes into play . I do n't even need to put it on her ! I did n't even use a full can !
 It works great !!! I did n't know that so I bought 1 to share with my 2 dogs . Unfortunately while it works for one , the other one barks and sprays the quiet dog wearing the collar . Anyways , need to purchase another , but what a difference !
 I got a new dog and her bark is very high pitched and very loud , to the point that it would cause me physical pain in my ear drum and at times I would get vertigo and feel dizzy . I researched products and decided on this one because it did n't seem cruel like the shock collars . It was a great price so I tried it out . It worked immediately . My dog stopped barking the first time it sprayed her , she let out one bark , she was sprayed and stopped barking . I let her wear it for two days and each time it worked , and each time I said to her the word `` spray '' . Then on the third day , every time she barked I just said `` spray '' and she stopped barking . Now after a couple of weeks she does n't bark at all and if she want 's my attention to go outside or get food she uses a very low muffled sound . It 's an amazing product , I am so very happy .
 I love the Citronella Sprayer , my dog Buster hates it . All I have to do is show him the collar and he stops barking .
 I spent months doing research and years trying other things and because this product worked so well for me , I felt like I needed to pay back the research by adding my comments so I can now help those that have a problem like I had.I 've had my pomeranian for 8 years and until neighbors complained about her barking all day when I was n't home , I had no idea that she suffered from separation anxiety . It was a difficult problem to deal with because the barking only happened when I was n't there - and how do you handle a problem when you 're not there to handle it ? I bought a CD especially meant to calm dogs and I tried natural sedatives such as rescue remedy and neither worked . One day I found my dog in pain and I realized that she had been chewing on her metal crate . She broke her teeth and required emergency surgery to extract . The anxiety was becoming a huge issue and not only threatened eviction for me due to the barking , but was also costing me a lot of money in medical bills.As a last resort , I tried the citronella spray collar . I found it at Petsmart for $ 100 but waited for it to deliver from Amazon because the price was so much better . I created 2 skype accounts and sat a laptop in front of my dog 's crate . Then I took a second laptop outside the door and called the laptop in front of the crate . I did this so I could watch my dog in my absence and see how she handled the collar . When she barked , it sprayed her and it did n't freak her out or traumatize her as some people suggest . Her response was more like `` what was that ? '' My dog went from constant barking 10 hours a day to no barking at all . She 's had the collar for about 6 weeks now and she does n't bark anymore when I leave the house . I know she 's not barking because I continue to check in on her via skype from work.However , it 's important to let your dog vocalize before and after this period of no barking . Dogs need to bark sometimes and they need some freedom to enjoy life.The battery ran out after 3 weeks and I had to buy another one from Radio Shack . It cost $ 17 . The spray has not run out yet.This product was miraculous for us and I highly recommend it to anyone that has a severe problem like we had . It is absolutely worth trying and is much more humane than the shock collar - which I would never use.I hope this was helpful to people that have a similar problem .
 I was very skeptical about this collar . I have a very tenacious and enthusiastic barker , however , 2-1/2 hr sessions with the collar cured him . Now I only have to put it on him and he wo n't bark - I do n't even have to turn it on . The only thing I do n't like is the actual collar . It comes loose while the dog is wearing it and should be stronger so you can use it to tie a dog outside . Both of these problems can be overlooked in light of the results .
 This is the best thing ever to stop your dog from barking . We used a shocking collar before this and the dog would just `` grin '' and bear it . The collar would also shock him if he shook his head or jumped around . This collar only senses the bark ! It was inexpensive and seems to do the job . I do n't even have to turn it on most of the time . Just putting it around his neck is enough . I would highly recommend giving this a try . We use it on a miniture dachshund and it does n't seem to big or to heavy .
 My husband and I have 2 miniature pinschers that can be very vocal but the youngest -LRB- just a little over a year old -RRB- was barking non-stop especially at night ! And there was nothing we could do to make her stop ! We tried spraying water in her face which would stop her until we walked away with the bottle and then she would start again . I also ordered one of the ultrasonic bark boxes that did nothing for my problem barker . We knew we had to do something because we have a baby on the way ! I ordered this collar and the first night we used it -LRB- we only make her wear it at night -RRB- it worked ! I was afraid it would be too good to be true , that she would get used to it and it would n't bother her anymore , but I was wrong ! She hates to be sprayed so after putting it on at night it usually only takes one bark , one spray , and she does n't make another sound ! We 've been using it about a month now and we do n't even put it on her most nights anymore ! There are some nights when she hears other dogs and gets started barking and then we only have to put the collar on but not even turn it on for it to work ! This has really changed our lives ! My only complaint is that it is a little too sensitive sometimes but this could be because I 'm using it on a small dog -LRB- 14 lbs -RRB- . Sometimes when she wakes up at night , she stretches and shakes and this will cause it to spray her . We do n't think it 's fair that she gets sprayed for the wrong reason and this is why most of the time we do not actually turn the box on when we put the collar on her . I would recommend this product to everyone especially for the price ! The absolute best $ 31 I 've ever spent !!! -LRB- And BTW , I priced this exact product at other sites online and in pet stores and the price was on average double or even triple what it is here on amazon.com !!! -RRB-
 I really like this product . I have the most stubborn dachshund.He was driving me crazy with his barking , it was so annoying.I readsome of the reviews and decided to try the premier spray sence antibark collar . I 'm so glad I did , it works so well.Now when we go fora ride or fill the car up , I just put the collar on and quiet is on board !! I just wish I would have done this sooner !
 Wow ! We put it on the big barker nad it stopped him mid bark , first time . He avoids barking with it on and he does n't seem to notice that he is wearing it or not . Best of all it does n't hurt him . BONUS ! When he does n't bark , the others are quiet too . No more barking at everyone who walks by or comes to the door . They all are more relaxed because they do n't have to jump up and do all that work everytime they hear something . I love the quiet -LRB- and I 'm sure the neighbors do too -RRB- !
 My rescued border collie would bark incessantly at anything walking by the house ... and it was that high-pitched , awful bark that makes you cringe ! I tried everything with no success ... finally I bought the citronella collar and within MINUTES this stubborn BC was a quiet dog ! Even without the collar on , she rarely barks . It works fantastically . My only complaint is that when my other dog is next to the BC wearing the collar , her barks will set off the spray , so the poor BC gets a little confused , looking at me with a `` What did I do ?? '' look on her cute little face . Overall , great product though and worth its weight in gold .
 I was a little skeptical about the collar , but since I did n't want to use a shock collar I thought I 'd give it a try . I have 4 dogs , 3 who bark ! It worked first spray on the leader of my `` bark '' pack . I 'm ordering 2 more so I can train simultaneously . The order was processed quickly and arrived in just a couple of days . Pleased with the product and the vendor !
 Nothing seemed to work with our dog so we decided to get the spray anti-bark collar . We started seeing results after the first couple of days . Is a great and not cruel alternative .
 We got this for our new Jack Russell/Beagle mix , and were somewhat skeptical . Great results ! Within about a day and a half , the barking had stopped . She now gives a low , protective growl or half bark on occasion , but knows she can not get loud . Now we rarely put the collar on her . Amazing !
 We have an older pup who loves to bark , bark , bark . She could do it for hours . Of course , we had to do something . After reading the reviews for the shock collar , we knew we wanted something more gentle to start . This collar is made of good quality materials . The spray scent is n't offensive to us ... smells like Pledge . The amazing part is the original battery is still going strong after a month.Now , our pup does n't bark , bark , bark ... she yips , not continually and not too loud . She does n't usually bark now , even if the collar is off . I am so glad we tried this method first .
 I have a double-coated breed , and this collar is the only thing where she will not circumvent the mechanism . She may bark quieter , but as long as it is not the long continuous barking then I am happy.My neighbor called a few days after I got it , and wondered where my dog because she was so quiet.The only downside is the batteries last about a couple months if you use it sparingly otherwise it would be out very quickly . This only applies to their older model which did not have an on/off switch , and I believe the new ones do have it.Would I recommend it , you bet I would !
 I was at my wits end . My little cocker spaniel was totally stressing me out . He was 5 months and did NOT like the kennel . He never barked until I would close the front door after leaving to go to work . As soon as I opened it again he was silent . A bit sneaky for a baby anyway , I did not want to use an electronic collar and the calming spray in his kennel did not work . I had tried just about everything the Vet and pet stores had suggested and none of the information I found online was effective either . I put this citronella spray collar on him and he barked once . ONCE !! I had a video camera on him and within 5 min . he laid down and fell asleep . It was a beautiful thing . After 3 times -LRB- 3 days -RRB- of turning the collar on so it would spray I tried one day with the power off and sure enough he was still quiet . Now one month later I do n't even need to put it on him . He was getting himself so agitated that once he was forced to settle down he did . It was a life saver for this condo dweller .
 Was a little hesitant after reading reviews by customers having problems with battery life and the device not working , but these collars have worked great for our two dogs . After two months of use , with a lot of time switched on , we are still on the original batteries , although we easily found same sized Energizers at the grocery store for when we need to change.The collars startle the dogs into stopping the bark , but do n't traumatize them in any way . Both our dogs and our complaining neighbors are quiet now .
 This collar works great for my white lab mix . He barks quite a bit when people knock on the door and at other dogs when we 're out at the park . The trick with this collar is leaving it off until you need it . I only turn the collar on if I know someone is coming over to my house or when we go to the park , this saves battery BIG TIME.I wrote this review to help out frustrated people who have problems with the collars durability and longevity . MINE HAD LEAK WITHIN THE FIRST FEW MONTHS . However , premier has a new lifetime warranty on these . So I called their phone number and they agreed to fix mine or send me a new one for free . The collar works great , and its a bit annoying to have to send it in to be fixed , but please do n't order a new one if yours breaks when you can get premier to fix it for FREE !
 This product is THE BEST ! It is so great . It stops the dog from barking instantly , yet completely painlessly and humanely . An absolute life-saver if your dog 's barking is driving you -LRB- or your NEIGHBORS -RRB- crazy . I do dog rescue , and this has worked on all but one dog who just barked non-stop .
 update July 2008
 I thought I 'd give this a try for my yappy chihuahua mix . I did not want to try a shock collar , but I was concerned that this collar would be too large for her -LRB- she 's only 8 lbs -RRB- . Although it looks a little large , she does n't appear uncomfortable at all . And WOW did this work ! The spray stopped each barking episode on the first bark - immediately . After the first 2-3 days , she is barking less in general and does n't have to wear the collar all that often . It 's been 5 days , and I do n't think she will need to wear it forever . This product has been a total lifesaver , and my dog is happy too .
 My dog was somewhat of a problem barker . I got this collar and she DOES NOT like the citronella spray at all !! She was startled the first few times she barked . Now she does n't bark except a very low barely-audible woof at the nothing-ness she used to bark at . She barely wears the collar now , had her trained almost immediately !!! I definitely recommend.I did n't find that the collar was too sensitive , it went off just when it should have . I did n't notice a scent at all from it , the collar really worked better than I ever would have expected .
 I have a 15 lb chihuahua mix that , while sweet , has this nasty habit of barking at every living thing near the yard . People . Birds . Squirrels . Birds with squirrel heads . Anyway ... . when I first put it on the pooch it seemed like it was too big for him . I was worried it 'd be too heavy for the little thing 's neck but it was fine . He got used to it . I witnessed it spray when he barked at a bird . He flipped out a little , got scared , but STOPPED BARKING IMMEDIATELY . He was still interested in the bird , he just was n't barking at it . It was like MAGIC . I could not believe it . For about 24 hours the dog was n't himself . It makes sense . There 's suddenly a thing on its neck that HISSES loudly and SPRAYS A POWERFUL SCENT in front of its nose . He was distressed and not comfortable . The next day he got used to it and he 's probably only barked five times all week . Like five barks , not five episodes . The spray reminds him that one is enough . Zero barks in the last day . And as an aside , the smell does n't bother me at all . It went off once in the living room and I barely noticed . Did n't linger.Also , The dog does n't need to wear it all the time . I take it off at night . I accidentally left it off this morning and he was in the yard half the day . Zero barks . He 's already brainwashed ! So , hooray ... ! to brainwashing our beloved animals ? It 's for the best . I think it 's for the best.Is it for the best?A few negative reviews worried me but seems like that can be attributed to the odd dog that it will not work for . I 'm sure if your dog has serious issues or is as big as a llama , a little mist will do little to change it 's bark-intentioned mind . For my largely well-behaved dog , this has been a miracle cure for his annoying nuisance barking . And no electric zaps!It 's for the best ! It 's for the best !
 I have a beagle and I would highly recommend a spray collar over a shock collar for a self disciplining tool . I have tried 2 different models and this is the better one since it relys upon the sound vibrations against the neck and is n't a barb that pokes into the neck . The citronella spray scent has n't been harmful and is very quick to work.The on and off switch is a great battery saver . The batteries are not easy to find and make SURE that the battery you buy is still good .
 This is the best alterative for people -LRB- like myself -RRB- who do n't want to use shock collars on their dogs . We have three dogs , and two of them are really bad barkers . My Border Collie , Roxy , is the worst , and my mom 's Yellow Lab , Twinkie , would be next in line.Here 's the big question ... what personality is YOUR dog ? I put this collar on Roxy , and it 's been a like a miracle . But I tried it on Twinkie , and it does n't even phase him.Roxy is both very sensitive in nature and in senses . And Twinkie is really bold and stubborn . When this device sprays him , he just snorts it out and starts barking again . You can tell he gets the idea of not to bark , but still does it anyway thinking , `` This is all it does , pshh ! Whatever ! '' And continues to bark.Roxy on the other hand , cowers and runs away at the very sound of it!Having said that , remember that this product is NOT to CORRECT the dog , but rather DISTRACT him from whatever he 's barking at . The citronella smell is n't as bad as I thought it would be . It 's like bitter/sour citrus , -LRB- maybe lemons -RRB- a good idea for dogs!And yes , some dogs , -LRB- even Roxy for awhile -RRB- might figure out what volume to bark without setting it off , but Roxy stopped doing that after a few days . I guess she thought it was n't worth the trouble ! :-RRB- Overall , I would definitely recommend this product and give it a try !
 We have a lab who recently decided that frantic nighttime barking just below our toddler 's window was a fun new hobby . The only way to lure her in had been with food and we really did n't want to reward her barking with snacks.She really does n't mind wearing this collar and now whenever she 's outside she 's usually quiet . Sometimes she 'll give a really quick woof and then come right inside when she gets sprayed by the collar.I highly recommend this product .
 We had tried everything - verbal discipline , running out into the yard with the spray bottle , ultrasonic bird houses , etc. , and nothing worked . We have a standard poodle who seemed to love the sound of her own bark more than anything in the world . Concerned that we were going to have to resort to a shock collar , we decided to give the spray collar a try and , let me just say , it 's been a miracle . It 's cut down on her barking about 95 % . Just one little spritz in the face is enough to deter her , when before , she would just sit there and bark and bark for as long as you 'd let her . I can not recommend this product highly enough . I 'm sure it wo n't work for all , but we 've had amazing results .
 This collar worked great for my dog - it was like a miracle ! It only took a day or so for her to almost completely stop barking . The citronella smell goes away in just a few seconds . it does n't linger in the air or on her fur , so it 's not too bad . Have had it for about 6 months . I was hoping she would not need it after a while , but when the collar is off or empty or the battery is dead , she starts barking again.I would have given it 5 stars , but the item has had several problems . It developed a leak after about 2 months , and all the citronella leaked out . I was able to patch it with some glue , and it has n't leaked any more . But now it has stopped working completely . I 've refilled it and changed the battery , but it still wo n't work . The dog is barking more and more again , so I am going to replace it . Hope the next one lasts longer . But all in all , I love the collar . I 'm only sorry i did n't get it sooner .
 I bought this over two years ago from another seller -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- . It worked moderately well . It would stop the barking but was only triggered by multiple quick barks . My dog quickly figured this out and settled upon an annoying pattern of barking once every few seconds . In some ways , this was just as bad as the multiple furious barks without the collar , so I stopped using the collar on a regular basis . Then approx 6 months after purchase , the collar stopped working completely . I assumed these collars just did n't work very well.The barking continued until I got desperate and purchased another citronella collar from Amazon approx 9 months ago . What a difference ! The collar worked wonderfully . It was triggered by every instance of barking , even if it was only one bark . My dog basically stopped barking whenever she had the collar on.She still barks whenever the collar is off , but the barking seems to be slightly decreased.As for battery life , my dog wears the collar whenever we leave the house or whenever guests are expected in the home -LRB- an average of 30-60 minutes every day -RRB- , and after 9 months , I still have n't had to replace the battery or purchase another can of spray.Based upon my experience two years ago , I would have given this collar 2 or 3 stars . Based upon my current experience , I would give this collar 5 stars . So averaging it out , I 'm giving it 4 stars.I think some of these collars are slightly defective , but if you get one that actually works , it 's worth its weight in gold.UPDATE
 We have a rescue dog , a beagle-pointer mix , who is scared of -LRB- and barks at -RRB- everything . This collar has been truly amazing - we put it on him when we are out in the yard . It allows him to be out with us for hours - something that was never possible because he barked frantically at neighbors , cars , random noises . He is relaxed and almost nonchalant at these things now . It 's as if the cycle of excitement is broken because he ca n't bark . He may glance at something that would have once sent him into a barking frenzy , then lie down in the grass and watch calmly . Same thing with people coming to our front door . He used to bark hysterically and all our attempts at de-sensitization and training did nothing . With the collar on , the door bell rings and he stands calmly and watches as a new person enters the house . He approaches them and sniffs and wants to be petted , but is not threatened or threatening .
 This collar has worked wonders for 2 dogs that love to bark at any little noise they hear ! I had to keep the TV or Stereo on during the day so that they could n't hear noises coming from outside . It got to be a bit crazy . We got these collars -LRB- which , by the way , are an excellent price here ! -RRB- last Monday and the behavior modification was almost immediate . By that evening , they completely understood the consequences of barking ! The citronella is gentle , yet effective . If I could give this product more than 5 stars , I would !
 Three years ago , I adopted a yellow pound puppy . He barked and barked and barked . He barked at other dogs . He barked at balloons . He barked at nothing at all . As much as I loved him , after three years of this , I could n't stand him because he was so loud . He 's a 60 lb dog , but has a shrill bark of a much smaller dog that made me crazy . We tried different training programs but nothing worked . I went to the store in search of a shock collar when I found this . Despite the hefty price tag , I gave it a try and it worked the first day . My home has never been quieter and I am a happy dog owner . We left in on for a week , although we could have used it less because it worked so well .
 I ordered this after reading lots of reviews on it . Figured for the price I might as well try it , same product they have at Petsmart but $ 40 cheaper ! I have a 2 year old golden doodle that I adopted about six months ago . When I first got him he would bark at everything , even noises I made that he did n't like . I would scoot my chair on the hardwood and he would think something is going on . Very annoying , we have a townhouse so I wanted to make sure this stopped . He was very aggressive in a scared manner towards any passing cars / people on walks as well . Anyway , by the time I got this in the mail I had his barking down to a grunt while walking him but inside the home he was still just barking up a storm . I 've only had it a few days and even the grunting while walking is over and the barking inside has stopped as well . I am using a `` Shh '' sound for the correction in order to train him . I am hopeful I wo n't even need to get a replacement bottle of citronella if the training goes well . We are much happier now that we can get pizza delivered without him barking like crazy !
 We have two dogs ; one German Shepherd that does n't make a peep and one 16 pound mystery mutt -LRB- Jack Russel ? Min Pin ? Corgi ? -RRB- that absolutely loves to speak his mind . For such a small dog , he has one booming bark . This collar actually worked pretty well for a couple of months ... it 's pain free , smells good , and he seemed comfortable with it on . Though eventually , he learned that if he turned his face while he barked , he 'd barely get the spray on himself . He also realized that if he barked enough times the citronella would sooner than later run out . Nevertheless , I think this product is still worth giving a try and it 's definitely a great value if it works for your dog -LRB- s -RRB- .
 This citronella collar was the best thing I ever bought for my dog . I usually put it on her when she goes out in the early morning or late evening so she does n't bark and disturb neighbors who are sleeping . I usually do n't put it on her during the day when she goes outside since it does give her some freedom to bark if necessary . However , I 'm trying to teach her when not to bark . I do n't put it on her when she is in the house since I still want her to be a watch dog.Anyway , I really mean it when I say it is the answer to all the bad barking habits . Sometimes I do n't even turn on the collar but just the fact that she is wearing it she will not bark . She is so funny when she is at the back door and wants to come in and needs to get my attention , she will try a very low pitched barks so the citronella will not spray . Dogs are very smart .
 Works better than one I got years ago for much more money . Stopped her barking right away . Now I just put it on her and she stops . Great product .
 My two schnauzers were the terror of the neighborhood . Now some have even called them respectfull . One bark one squirt and they are silent for the rest of the walk . Buy it
 This collar is a G0D SENT
 A friend of mine told me about this item and it did n't work for her dog because he fell in love with the citronella smell =D . I thought i would put it to the test with our 17 year old that barks at her own shadow.The price is the best you can get , the delivery was quick and it was easy to put together . One may have to make a few collar adjustments so it goes off when the dog barks and one may have to trim their dog 's fur around the collar . Within two days , my dog had stopped barking . I felt bad , like i had taken her voice away but we kept it on her for a month with blissful silence ! Refilling was easy.About a month later , we took it off to see if she would keep barking and she did n't . We were very happy that this product was available because we did n't like the option of the shock collar .
 I struggled for quite some time in trying to figure out what to do about our dog 's barking while we at work during the day . While Animal Control recommended a bark collar that emitted a `` shock '' , I was hesitant . We used a shock collar on our previous dog , and he had aggressive tendencies that I felt may have been partially due to that training aid . I was getting ready to order an ultrasonic unit , when I came across an article that noted the citronella spray collar . This collar has been a MIRACLE WORKER for us , and our dog has been wearing it for almost a month . It IMMEDIATELY worked on our 1 yr-old mixed breed the first day , even though the directions say it can take two weeks . In fact , my neighbor said she had to peek over the fence to make sure my dog was in the yard !! After almost a month of wear , I do not have to worry about coming home to notes on my door ! Hooray ! I am still on the original can of citronella , even though I ordered an extra . I also am just in need of new batteries , so the original lasted almost a month , while I work 5 days a week , 10 hour days . I truly do n't even know if my dog needs this collar anymore , as I hardly hear him bark even with it off . However , I am trying not to jump to conclusions too quickly , so I keep putting it on when we leave.I would HIGHLY recommend this collar to anyone who has barking issues with their dog ! It is definitely , safe , gentle , and worked for us !
 My 81/2 year old Lab has barked too much all her life . She is a gentle dog , but scares people and other dogs with her barking . Wearing the citronella collar has kept her from barking and has calmed her . I only use it when we go for walks .
 We had a problem with our 2 dogs who stay outside - one would bark excessively . We tried a shock collar first , but it did not work . I think our dog had too much hair in the way , plus I just did n't like the thought of shocking him . This spray of citronella worked perfectly . We had one small snag , his sister chewed the collar off him , but we secured it to another collar and he has kept it on . We were on the verge of getting rid of the dogs , so we are thankful this collar worked ! Now we just have to listen to all the neighbor dogs bark - we have considered telling them about this collar .
 My little dachshund was barking constantly for no reason and he just did not want to stop . Now , he only barks when there is an actual reason . I love this product !!
 I bought this to keep a dog . He barked NON-stop and my wife had had enough . It is helpful . He learned immediately not to bark -LRB- overnight -RRB- . However , he now whines because that does n't seem to set off the spray . The bright side is the whine is quieter and more tolerable . Again , the collar goes on and the barking stops . I think there is a system that allows you to remote activate the spray . That might cure his whining too , just a thought .
 This is a fine product and functions exactly as advertised , the only issue I have with it is that the reservoir holds only enough for 25 barks so it runs out pretty quickly.Not all dogs object to citronella . I suspected that might be the case for my dog because he was n't fazed by a squirt bottle with a little vinegar , but thought I 'd try it anyway . I could n't figure out any way to tell ahead of time whether it would work.It worked somewhat for my GSD - he barks but only one or two barks each time instead of a 5-minute frenzy . However , in 3 weeks of careful use , it has not trained him not to bark - if he 's not wearing it he barks as always . I do plan to continue working with it - maybe he 's a slow learner.On the other hand , it does make a jaunty neckpiece for him .
 My wife and I have a border collie that loves to `` protect '' the back yard from every sound . After 3 or 4 barks -LRB- with a subsequent spray of citronella -RRB- he has just about quit barking in the back yard completely . Occasionally something will grab his interest but at least now , it is only one bark before he is corrected and that 's the end of it . Highly recommend this collar as a humane way to control your dog 's bark . The price here at Amazon is unbeatable too . Check around and you will see .
 We have an Aussie Cattle dog that loves to bark instructions to my husband and I . Her barking was ou of control , and because we 're pregnant , our time was limited . This collar worked WONDERS . The first one we received actually did n't work because Premier changed something about the frequency of what pitches of barks it picked up . I called the company and they sent us an older model that was more sensitive to all barks . Since then , her barking has essentially stopped . We can finally hear ourselves think and we no longer have to worry about her barking eventually waking the baby . We love it and highly reccommend this training tool !
 This device worked the first time I used it on my dog . If he starts to bark , I only have to show it to him and he immediately quiets . I found the exact item in local stores for + $ 100 . This is a great item at a great price .
 We bought a small summer place at the beach and have many neighbors that were clearly annoyed by any barking by our two large lab mixes . Since we were the new kids on the block we bought the gentle spray anti-bark collars without confidence . I read the instructions and follow them carefully and am happily surprised at how well they work . If one of the dogs bark a gentle non-toxic spray startles them and they stop and then I reward them with `` good quiet '' . One one of our dogs barks occasionally and is easily corrected by the collar . Our other dog was corrected once and has n't barked again at the beach since . I definitely say it is worth a try . Worked for us ! I am happy I tried it .
 Have used these in the past . Work well and far more humane than shock products .
 We have a 11 month old Golden Retriever who barked her head off at anyone and anything . She was driving everyone - especially us - crazy ! This collar worked immediately . She has stopped barking . She 's notices every noise or person still but does n't react with frantic barking and jumping ! She has also calmed down on jumping on the kids ! I ca n't be happier with the collar . It is painless and we are all happy with the results !!
 We 've had peace and quiet now with this . One of our puppies began barking at everybody and anything that would be in sight when in the backyard . We tried all different things , and then finally caved and went with this . Hoping that it would work . Well , it did work , and it 's amazing . It did n't take long for him to stop barking and it 's been helping so much . Only thing bad I can say is that if he gets really excited and starts to whine a little bit , it can set the collar off and will start to spray at him a lot . It also is n't perfect at getting every single bark , but it gets him most of the time and has helped to make him stop doing it at all .
 My neighbor complained to the humane society about my dog barking whenever they were in their back porch . And that is true because their back porch is a foot away from my fence where my dog kennel is . To avoid conflict I decided to buy Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar , the first day of use is a miracle . And my dog Fiona is now quiter than before . I had not received any complain from my neighbor.Thank you for this wonderful product ... I will definitely recommend it .
 This collar only had to work a few times to convince my basset hound that she does not want to bark . My wife and I did not want to use any anti-barking collar that would hurt the dog , and this one did the trick perfectly . I would recommend this collar .
 This collar works great ... dogs do n't have to be shocked , instead sprayed with a lemony scent . We now have two collars and use them daily on our Corgi and also on our Terrier mix . Highly recommend for any barking dogs .
 I have a little yapping mixed poodle & shiatsu that would hear an ant walking across the porch and bark . After putting on the collar and her getting sprayed she is a bit timid and wo n't bark as long as she has it on . If she barks , I ask her if she wants me to put the collar on and she looks at me as to say , no ! The only problem that I have is that I cut the collar too short for my other dog to use it on him which at times he can be an instigator . I plan to purchase an inexpensive collar and let him have a spray . The barking collar has been a great purchase for us as we finally have some quiet . Would I recommend it to anyone to use on their dog ? YESSSS ! It does not hurt the dog and has a nice smell to it but yet it is something the dogs do n't like . It gets a five star from me .
 I have had this item for a good 3 years now.I purchased this when my wife and i were living in a very small 700 sq ft apartment . We have a lab mix and at that time , she was about a year old barked in her crate everytime we left.After a couple weeks of using this collar , she stopped barking . We left the collar on when we left and she was in her crate , and it was used for a good 2 months before she actually stopped barking.This collar works a little better because our dog did not like the scent of the citronella , and at times she knew that when she had the collar on , it would spray the scent so even if it was off and on her , she would not bark.It has been 3 years , and she does not bark as much as she did.A good tip would be to try and teach the dog not to bark while they are young . I have read reviews of bark collars and this seems the safest and most practical way .
 This is truly a great product . Barking is natural for dogs so my ratty does n't have to wear it all the time . When my son comes and goes , the dog can nearly make your ears bleed . The dog wears it in the evening to keep his bark down when we are all in the living room and someone else is coming or going . The dog is free to bark at night for alarm purposes or all day long when we are not home -LRB- he usually does n't -RRB- . He does n't wear it on his walk . He just knows that his siren screeching is n't appreciated when he is only two feet away from you . It is a humane product and cheaper than most collars .
 I purchased two of these collars in August 2010 . I used them several times and one of them quit working . I tried all the recommended trouble shooting options and finally called Premier Corporation . After a brief conversation with their representative , he agreed I had tried everything they would suggest and told me to mail it back to them and they would replace it at no charge . They did n't even ask for a receipt . They gave me the return number and said they will ship the new device immediately upon receipt of the defective collar . WOW !!! Too bad more companies do n't stand behind their products like this.I use the collars to keep my German Shepherds from barking while in the back of my vehicle and they are great . After a correction or two , my younger one is a quiet little boy . My girl only has to wear the collar - she remembers the corrections from before . I am considering the purchase of a remote collar for barking in my yard . . If you have a barker on your hands , give this product a try . It 's a lot more effective than one would think !!
 This works very well , but my dog used up his spray in about a day and a half . -LRB- approx 25 sprays per can -RRB- . Also , the citronella makes me wheeze . If you have someone in your home with asthma then the scentless may be a better choice ?
 My quite-well behaved dog used to bark for no apparent reason , but no longer ! Whenever I put the Anti-Bark collar on him , I simply say `` Quiet '' and he is . He barked one regular bark the first time I used it , then one tentative half-bark , and then no more .
 These little collars are great , and so much more humane than shock collars . We needed them to keep our dogs from barking during the day while at work and they do the trick . They start to work immediately as the dog learns that a bark means getting sprayed ! I do feel like water would be just as effective as the citronella , so how about a refill of just water ?
 I was sceptical of how the citronella collar would work . I had first purchased one of the `` shock '' collars from a local pet store , but after reading the warnings on how important it was I check periodically because it could `` burn '' my dog 's neck , I decided it was n't what I would want . My dog 's just little and I only want to curb the barking , not cause her injury . I decided I would try this route and see how it works . I am extrememly pleased !!!! She knows when the collar is on a bark is n't pleasant , lol , but it does n't hurt her in any way . I saw it in action one time . She barked at a dog next door and I saw the collar spray , she quickly turned and tried to run from it . It was humorous , actually . It has certainly curbed the barking . :O -RRB- Thank you !
 Worked great till my dog somehow destoyed it . Somehow he scratched it off or something . I am purchasing another . I just hope it lasts a little longer . The previous one lasted about two weeks .
 We had one of these and already really liked it , so we eventually bought a second one for our second dog . Strangely enough , right after we got the second one , something happened with the first one and it stopped working correctly . We called Premier and spoke with someone , and they had us send the collar in . They fixed it free of charge and sent it back , and it 's working great again . Awesome customer service ! This product works great on our dogs , they do n't bark at all when wearing these -LRB- after getting sprayed once or twice , they learned quickly -RRB- . Would definitely recommend this product -LRB- and already have many times to family and friends -RRB- .
 First I will declare it does work well ; it has reduced my Pomeranians barking easily by 75 % . Once the dog conditioned himself to recognize the collar , just puttting it on him he begins to curb his behavior . Like the literature states , if the barking is anxiety-based , this collar will not work for you . Our dog is 6 lbs , which is the bottom size limit per the advertised design and it 's correct ; this collar is unwieldly for small dogs due to the resevoir design . The module is spartan , it is a simple cube design and should have had a design that is smoother with rounded corners . The design from an ergonomic perspective is basic and simpleton ; clearly there was not much thought put into it . I am satisfied with its performance and have not noticed any problems with the citrus agent ; no residue noted on furniture and my dog does n't smell like an orange . You will detect citrus smell when it does actuate . Be careful when holding the dog close if he is wearing it , you will get sprayed if he barks . The design has the module sagging at 30 degrees upwards under the dogs jaw/nose area , so whatever is directly infront of the dog will get misted . You ca n't prevent the sagging , it would require the collar to be dangerously tight . Definitely a more humane collar than shocking . I gave it only 4 stars because of the box design ; functionality , it gets 5 stars .
 This collar has worked very well on our 5.5 lb chihuahua . She was quite a barker when out in the yard , but with this collar on she is a model citizen . While we do n't leave this on her for very long periods of time -LRB- it is a bit heavy on her neck -RRB- it is really effective for short stints out into the yard to go potty . Great product ! And I 'm sure the neighbors appreciate it ...
 Similar products sell for triple the price at the big pet stores , so I was worried these would be too good to be true . I also was n't sure that anything would deter my 2-yr-old Yorkies from barking their heads off.First good sign
 The Gentle Spray Anti-bark collar works much better than a shock collar . Our dog has responded very well when the collar is on her , and I feel much more humane in using the citronella spray . The only thing I 've noticed is that it has n't changed her behavior when the collar is off . As long as she has it on , her barks are noticeably cut down , but when it is off , she is back to barking . I hope that with more time she 'll learn that she should n't bark whether she has it on or off .
 I have a very obsessive border collie who constantly barks at EVERYTHING . This collar seems to control her obsessive barking in a very humane way . It is giving me some long-needed relief ! So far , very pleased with this product !
 My lab mix dog would bark at night at anything that moved . I finally broke down and tried this anti-bark collar . I have been very impressed with the results . Our dog does not bark at night anymore ! I left the collar off one night by accident and she barked . If the collar is on , she does not bark . It works very well and I would recommend it .
 I ordered two citronella collars for my two mini dachshunds . The results were amazing . Anyone who knows the dachshunds habits will know how they like to bark . The first night they had them on was amazing . The first bark with the collar on and that was the last unnecessary bark for one . The other one took two barks before he realized what was happening . We are so pleased with the results . I would recommend this collar to anyone who wants to control their dogs ' barking .
 We have two small dogs who love to bark . This collar works perfectly , it is such a joy to not worry about thebarking . We have squirrels and possums which causes the dogs to bark . It is a wonderful product and I highlyrecommend it . I went several years with the barking issue , one time with the collar and it stopped .
 I have 3 dogs and one is a german shepherd mix who loves to bark . It 's that high pitched , nerve grating , neighbor annoying bark . As soon as this collar went on and he went out the door he barked once . That was it . The citronella sprayed , he did n't like it and was smart enough to connect the two . It 's to the point now where the collar does n't even have to be on to keep him from barking . Unlike some other reviewers , I have had no problems with the batteries and my collar stays in the on position for long periods of time . I just ordered two more for my mom who has 4 german shepherds and one mix . I let her borrow my collar and again it worked instantly and what was funny is since the dogs were all together and barking as a pack , when the one who was wearing the collar barked they all got sprayed and all stopped barking . This is a great investment for the money and is a really humane way of correcting unwanted barking .
 I had already purchased two of these collars from my vet as I have two dogs that like to do a lot of barking at everyone . I was taking care of a sick sister and the barking was very annoying to her . These two dogs did so great with the collars that when I do put them on , sometimes I do n't even turn it on but they think it is on . It just sprays a little citronella at the dog when he starts to bark . Vet says the citronella is not harmful to them . when my sister passed away , I inherited her little shituz who also started barking . Vet did not have any more of these collars so told me to go on line . I use Amazon.com all the time so tried there and actually paid less money for this last collar than the first one . I love it . I do n't make them wear it all the time ... . just when they get very loud and annoying with the barking . My dogs are actually contained on a 70 ft. long porch which is under roof and they have a place where they get off the porch to do their business so its not like they are running free and could get it hooked on something . To me , this is the best money I have ever spent and its well worth it.Jackie in Franklin , NC
 We have had this product for a week now and it has completely changed our lives ! I have a 3 year old boxer/beagle mix that I 've had since he was 8 weeks old and who would constantly bark and lunge for the door anytime someone would come to it . The first day , he would bark and it would spray and scare the mess out of him ! Day two , he was a lot more calm . By day five , he only does a low growl . I even took him to the vet to have his nails clipped , and what would typically be a crazy time of barking and pulling , turned into a pleasant experience . No barking or pulling ! Same thing with our walks . I did n't give it a full 5 stars because it is sensitive . Sometimes a low growl will set it off . I take it off of him at night so he can relax or during play time because it will go off when he 's barking at his toys . Overall I am very satisfied with this and it 's so much better than a shock collar . He seems like a completely different , calm , lovable dog ! I just hope the training lasts and he will be able to not bark or lunge when the collar is off !
 I was told by a friend how wonderful this product is and that it is more humane than other products on the market , like the zap collars that jolt your dog when he/she barks . . I tried those out for a week with no results and now I have 2 gentle spray citronella collars and I would recommend them to anyone who has a problem with a barking dog . . now I can relax because no one hears my dogs and the animal control people do not have to visit me anymore . . thank you for a safe and wonderful product that really works and the price is right also !!
 Good product and did work for my dog . . However , once it got dirty -LRB- my dog LOVES to dig -RRB- dirt got in and now it doesnt work . I needed it for his barking outside and until this happened it was working well . .
 I guess this works for some and for some it does not . For me it definitely became the only solution to instantly stop my dogs from barking continuously . They do n't care when i say stop barking , but the collar sure stops them after one bark . I even take it when I travel with them since they can get anxious and bark a lot in hotels , new environment etc.The way this collar works is that there is a sensor on the collar , which you can not see it on the picture since it is positioned in front of the dogs throat . When your dog barks , it detects the bark and sprays on your dogs . I have 2 dachshunds and my neighbors complained that they bark when no one is home so i been using this for more than 1yr now . I use the one that is scentless and I do n't smell anything . As far as I know it did not harm my dogs like the shock collar which is very nice . Although it does say do not go over 8 hrs a day when you wear it . -LRB- It is not light but not too heavy but I can see it could be like a heavy necklace for them . -RRB- I put it on when no one is home , and also when they start barking excessively at neighbors , UPS , unwelcomed salesman etc.Although I used it for a while , they still bark when the collar is off . And if you want to use it long term you have to change batteries and refill the collar but seems like refill lasts forever where as batteries i have to change it every couple months . You can turn off the switch if you want to save battery life . But I have hard time finding the batteries other than online and that does get frustrating . But I just do n't know any other method to control barking .
 My first review , ever . This product worked so well for my one year old puppy that he stopped his incessant barking in about 2 days . Amazing .
 We have 3 huskies and were having trouble keeping the noise level down . I do n't feel comfortable inflicting pain so we were looking for other options . This seemed to make sence with an instant interruption to the behavior in a non violent manner . We got one collar to try it and have found that we only need one . They stay together in a group most of the time and the loud mouth was obvious . It will go off if another dog barks or if someone yells and I found that the vacuum will set it off as well . I would definately recommend this product .
 My dog was very bad about barking at squirrels . We purchased one of these and it solved the problem until the unit quit working . We replaced batteries and refilled the citronella , to no avail . I bought another one and had the same result . They just stop functioning after a few weeks and the dog reverts to his old ways . I wish I could change the stars rating from five to one , since I 've wasted a lot of money without a long-term fix .
 great product ! works well . i now own three . great service . made easy for me . thank you !
 I have four dogs and so the barking can get out of hand when I 'm not at home . I bought two of the collars to try out and am so pleased with their effectiveness . It took only two times for all four dogs to figure out that they need to stop barking . Now , I just put the collars on , but keep the spray turned off and they still do n't bark when the door bell rings or people walk by .
 This product works well for my short haired dog . My long haired dog is not phased by it . I assume it is because the spray gets stopped by her fur .
 the citronella anti-bark collar purchased from muttmart.com works like a charm . Our Irish Terrier -LRB- aka Irish terrorist -RRB- is absolutely quiet when wearing the collar and does n't seem to mind the collar .
 This collar works great with my 75 pound chocolate lab . He 's gotten to the point where he recognizes the collar and knows it means `` do n't bark . '' Every now and then I will hear him bark at night -- usually only once and then he does n't do it again . The batteries do stink -- especially if you do n't turn off the collar during the daytime . I only make my lab wear this at night , but I 've talked to my stay at home mom neighbor and she says that she has never heard him barking during the day . Amazon sells duracell batteries for this collar under the subsribe and save program -- so buy the batteries from Amazon -- they last longer and are cheaper than the brand that comes with the collar .
 I recently purchased a Citronella Gentle Spray bark collar for our Jack Russell . Mutt Mart came to the rescue with a very reasonably priced collar ; and it was shipped immediately . They even threw in a couple of rawhide chewies , which our Jack Russell loved , so we shared them with his buddies in the neighborhood . Thank you , Mutt Mart .
 This is my second spray collar and it works like a charm . My Basset Hound has an annoying bark but this collar does the trick and when people come over to work at the house they are n't driven crazy by his howling any longer . Worth the money and easy to use .
 We have two labs and we recently moved to a new house with new smells . We got a not-so-nice note from an anonymous neighbor that they could n't stand them barking non-stop during the day while we were away at work . So , I went online and looked around for some products . I tried the shock collars and they are worthless and a little cruel if you ask me . I tried them on my arm to see and it felt a lot more like an electric shock than a static shock that they claim on the box . Plus , you have to take them off after 8-10 hours and once they are off our dogs started barking again like it was off to the races.So , I tried this product . My wife laughed at me when I bought two of them and said now way would a citronella spray work . Well , here we are 3 weeks later and my dogs are angels once again . No barking . No shocking . Just happy , nice smelling , quiet dogs . And , I take all of the credit . Worth every penny .
 My mom 's crazy barking dog has had shock collars -LRB- worked O.K. limited -RRB- had collars that make noices and hanging things -LRB- no results -RRB- has had the debarking surgery twice within a month -LRB- not so great for the $ 250.00 dollars and seems a bit cruel . My mom has given this spray collar a 5 star award and wished we had tried it first , especially before the surgery which she really did n't want to do and felt bad about.Try this first before anything else but I suggest that you do n't let the sprayer run out . Some dogs are very smart and might catch on .
 I 'm very pleased with the way the product works and would suggest it to anyone who is having trouble with a barking dog .
 Although my dog does suffer some anxiety from thunderstorms and fireworks / continuous , loud noises , this bark collar scared her at first . She quickly learned that the spray and noise is caused by her barking . She now usually knows that when the collar comes on -LRB- even when it 's turned off -RRB- , it 's quiet time !
 Our dog would freak out when he would see other dogs - and he 's 92 pounds , so it was really tough to control . We are on day 3 of using this collar , and he now walks calmly at the end of the leash . He will glance over at the other dog , but instead of barking and going crazy , he now cruises right on by . I had hoped it would work , but had no idea it would work this good , this fast . My dog is VERY stubborn , but he got the idea after the second squirt .
 This product works for our dog , a large 2 year old lab . It is not waterproof , so take care to not let your dog swim while wearing it.I would train him differently than I did , but it 's too late now , and it is not a terrible problem . He associates the collar with the bark-correction , which I think is a mistake . He will now immediately stop barking if I put the collar on him ; I do n't even need to turn the collar on . I think if he did not have that association with the collar , it is possible that he would not start to bark when not wearing the collar .
 We tried many things to help stop our 6 year old beagle from barking at one family member . Every time this person got up and walked around the house , she would follow him and bark . We tried squirt bottles , pennies in a can , leashing her , sit/stay , and nothing worked . The spray collar worked from day one . Because she is such a timid dog , I put it on her upside down so it sprays at her feet and not her face . It is enough to startle her and stop her barking . I wish I found this years ago . The first battery lasted about three weeks . We have only filled the collar once with the spray . She still tries to bark without the collar , but it has made a tremendous difference . She has been barking for 5 years , so I know it will take time . I highly recommend this collar .
 We have a corner property with a walking path beside that has constant action with dog walkers , bike riders and joggers . All this action was just too much of a bark tempation for our Dorgie -LRB- 1/2 Dacshund 1/2 Corgi -RRB- `` Bruce '' to handle until with got the Premier Anti Bark Collar . It only took a few gentle squirts for him to realize when the collar is on , I need to keep my mouth shut and just watch instead of mouthing off at everyone that passes by.The only complaint is my collar needs replaced only after 2 weeks , due to valve sticking open after activated and spray reservoir being completely drained out . Hopefully this is an isolated problem .
 I 've used these collars for over 7 years . I foster dogs and need to keep peace with the neighbors , so I use them while we 're outside . I currently have 6 dogs and they 're always quiet while wearing these outside ! The first one I bought 7 years ago was over $ 125 ! The price here ca n't be beat !
 BEST product and the BEST price -LRB- 50 % -60 % off retail -RRB- for it is right here on Amazon.com !! Our high-end hybrid `` Cavachon '' puppy missed his brothers and sisters when the breeder cargo shipped him to us from several states away . He was well mannered and already crate trained , except at night he was lonely and barked like crazy . That 's why we opted for the Gentle Spray Anti-Bark system instead of something mean and pain-oriented . Works like a charm ! Note the limits on pet weight and age for use . These days , we just let him wear the collar and do n't even have to turn it on !! What a blessing . THANKS ! Gentle Spray . We love you guys !
 I purchased the spray collar for my Yorkie and mini Daschund . It works great for both . They were , of course , rather upset with me , as it startled them the first couple of times they barked . However , that 's all it took -LRB- so far -RRB- for them to figure out that if they do n't bark , they wo n't get sprayed . I experienced my first day of a peaceful , bark-free home , and I am ecstatic ! They used to bark in minute-long spurts every half hour or so at the sound of neighbors ' car doors , voices outside , other dogs barking , joggers , children playing , tree limbs swaying , tree nuts falling on the deck , squirrels running on the hand rails outside , doors upstairs shutting , etc. . My Yorkie is about 4 lbs and it picks up his bark just fine . My Daschund is about 9 lbs , and picks up her bark fine , too . They 're both 11/2 years old .
 We have a mix golden rescue that barks a lot ! We 've tried to train her since she was a puppy not to bark but nothing has worked . I brought the Cintronelle Anti-bark collar and it works great . After one or two barks , she will stop . Since having the collar , she has been pretty good about not barking . The reason why I 'm not giving this 5 stars because you constantly have to refill the citronella and the battery has a very short life . In about 2 weeks , it died . I do n't mind buying new batteries for it but I will have to order it online since it 's not widely available . I would recommend the seller include a pack of batteries with the kit and charge a little more for it .
 The collar works as expected and controls my dog 's barking within one day of using the collar . Very easy to fill and maintain .
 My house is more peaceful because this Spray Collar is working so well ! Sometimes I do n't even turn the spray on , just putting the collar on makes my dog more calm . The only negative is the strap collar keeps slipping from the tightness I put it on , maybe the weight of the spray container is causing this . I even looped the end of the strap back under the plastic piece and it still gets bigger . I am so glad I got this Spray collar , it was worth every penny !!
 I love this collar . My dog quickly learned not to bark . the spray is harmless and pleasant smelling . Definitely worth the money !!!
 AMAZING !!! I have tried everything . I have two great danes . One is totally deaf and I could not control her barking . I spent hundreds of dollars on other items . This actually worked INSTANTLY !! Unbelievable , I have had her since she was 15 months old . She is now 4 years old . This saved me from having the neighbors complain about her LOUD barking . Thank you for the humane way to allow my dogs and I to live a happier QUIET & more PEACEFUL life !!!
 this collar is useful when it 's on but dogs are smart and know not to bark when it 's on and to bark when it 's off .
 I can not believe it , but it actually works !!!! We have a terrier that barks at anything . A leaf on the porch that was not there five minutes ago will cause a fury of barking . Our neighbors new Christmas lights , more barking . He can not help it . He is a terrier and he is our baby . His job is to tell us when something is different and he is really good at his job . One thing that is embarrassing is that he is so good at his job that when anyone rings the doorbell , he races to the door , barking at the top of his lungs , sounding as if he wants to eat someone up . They do n't see his tail wagging and he is just so excited that someone has come to see him that he is beside himself . This is fine if it is strangers , but with friends , not so much . It is also embarrassing when repair people come to do something in our house . We got this collar because I had tried the clicker method , spraying him with water , speaking firmly , putting a thunder shirt on him . Nothing worked . I would not put a shock collar on him because , as I said , he is our baby and I am not going to hurt him . I got this citronella collar and put it on him right before my husband 's best friend came over . It was a good test because my husband 's friend always causes our dog to bark his head off . Our friend rang the door bell , our dog ran to the door yelling , was sprayed and stopped barking . He barked again , was sprayed again , and stopped barking . And he STOPPED barking !!!!! He would forget once in a while and would bark , get sprayed , and would quiet himself . I only use it on him when I know someone is coming over , such as a repairman or a friend . I like for him to bark when I do n't know the person at my door or when I am not expecting anyone . He is , after all , just doing his job that he was born to do , bark to alert us . I highly recommend this as a way to control your dog 's barking during those times when you really do n't want him to bark . He has learned that he can just do a little puff bark and it does not cause a spray . That is ok . I highly recommend it and hope that it works as well on your dog as it does on ours .
 good Product . . does help the barking . . worth the money ... recieved the product fast ... I would recommend it your dog has a barking problem -LRB- except if its windy kinda misses their nose . . ; -RRB-
 This product is nice and light enought for a small dog . Parker now only needs to be reminded it is here and can be put on if he barks . I am now using it on another dog to retrain her .
 This is a great product for my dog in my apartment . It does n't hurt him in anyway and keeps me stress free leaving him alone knowing his barking was kept to a minimumThe only thing is sometimes the responsiveness of this product is n't very accurate . He needs to bark fairly loud for this to work .
 This is the second one I have bought . The first for my border collie , who now simply has to be shown the collar and will stop barking . The second for my Yorkie who finally discovered his voice and likes to go outside and bark at the wind . Within minutes it worked . Plus , lemon scent is not bad .
 We got this collar because my little pup would not stop barking , and we live in a VERY echo-y house . Was easy to load and put on , and we only had to use it a few times-he no longer needs it , and does n't bark . The last time he barked , I took it out of my purse and he took off running when he saw it . : -RRB-
 I have an 8 mos . old Redbone Coonhound puppy that I rescued . All he would do is bark at night and at everything outside . It took only one time wearing the collar and he knew what it meant . He does n't have to wear it that often . If he does start up with the barking , I put the collar on him and I do n't even have to turn it on !! He knows what it means ! Amazon 's prices was incredible , other places that I priced them out were in the range of $ 89 - $ 99 . This was the best $ 30 I spent on my puppy !!!!
 This product really changed my life ! My dog not only stopped barking after the first few spurts , but she calmed down altogether . She seemed to respond to the sight , smell and perhaps mostly the sound . The only drawback was that the first collar stopped working after the first day , and I 'm not so confident the replacement with work when I need it to . Then again , I may not need it again anyway . I do wonder if the newer model is more reliable .
 I love this collar . It has completely controlled my barking dog . In fact , I do n't even have to turn it on now , just put the collar on him and he shuts up . It 's wonderful . I like that it 's a gentle spray that senses his bark and I do n't have to be around with a remote control to make it work . And I especially like that it 's not a shock collar . Now if there was just something to keep him from barking when he 's not wearing the collar .
 We have beautiful little fur-babies whom we treat like part of our family . They range in size/weight -LRB- 13 '' long to 30 '' and 10 lbs to 26 lbs -RRB- and are Bichon Frise/Coton de Tulear Mix and Bichon Frise/Toy Poodle Mix . They are like our children and we allow them to enjoy themselves ; includes allowing them running and playful barking - even inside . We did n't mind because to us ; this is their way of communicating . That was all-well-in-good until Summer came the pups went outside and the playful barking became `` we do n't know what that noise is '' barking and `` the neighbor is in his backyard '' barking . The neighbor let us know in no uncertain terms how he felt about it and said a nuisance complaint would be made if we did n't do something about it.I was not about to get anything that would harm , zap or frighten my pups - but I did order and receive the anti-bark spray collar for each of them.The spray part is a little on the weighty side for a smaller dog - but that aside it worked like magic . Only two pups set the spray off before the others said `` okay - we get it '' and have yet to set theirs off . The fur-babies know they are allowed to bark inside while playing , but once we put the collars on and say `` this is no-bark '' and they go outside ... it is silent play - no matter what noise or disturbance they hear . They have had them about a week and there was no problem putting the collar/sprayer together , filling them or turning the switch on or off . The spray can that came with each collar to fill and refill the sprayer part should do well for awhile.It did not hurt the pups , burn their eyes , set off any coughing or problems otherwise . We feel that most likely in the future we will not even have to use the spray part - just put the collar on as a reminder for ` no bark ' but that may or may not be the case.Either way - we are VERY satisfied with our purchase and how it worked out for us . Yea !
 We have a 9 month old male yellow lab and this collar is working great . It has been three weeks and when the collar is on , there is no barking , there is very minimal barking with the collar off . This is a great and very humane product for dogs . We love it !!
 I 'll start right off the bat by saying this thing is awesome . And it was for the first month or so . If you have a dog of average intellect , this will probably work wonders for you -LRB- as it likely would on my Irish Wolf Hound mix -RRB- . However , if you have an overly intelligent schnauzer , use it wisely . Mine responded well the first month and then some but over time , he grew to realize that he could control it as well as care less about it . He knew that if he wore it long enough he could eventually just grunt and snort to get all the citronella to empty out of it . Once he 'd do that , he 'd go back to his old ways of yarping -LRB- im calling it that because i ca n't call it barking and i ca n't call it yelping -RRB- , and screaming . However he would tone it down and shorten it out a bit which was nice . Neighbors with new baby thanked me . Literally.The refil that came with it lasted awhile but buyer beware , subsequent refill bottles seemed to last half as long -LRB- picked up at PetSilly ;-RRB- . Does n't make 'em sticky but if they bark enough -LRB- enter
 I have had the Premier `` spray '' bark collar for about a month . It seems to work very well . I say this tentatively , because I have had several months of experience with `` spray '' bark collars to get to this point.I bought the Petsafe `` spray '' collar first -LRB- at the local Petsmart , $ 120 -RRB- , about 6 months ago , and it too was very effective -- at first . The dog responded immediately -- she stopped barking , and did not seem to suffer anything more than annoynace . It continued to be effective , but that collar stopped working in the second month . I called the manufacturer , and luckily , the collar was still in the 90 warranty period . Being in the 90 period , they agreed to ship a replacement collar at no charge -LRB- they send the replacement with a prepaid return authorization , no expense to me at all -RRB- . Had the failure happened after 90 days , I would have had to pay a service charge -LRB- $ 10-20 , I ca n't remember exactly -RRB- . The problem was that they were back-ordered , so I was without a working collar for almost a month -LRB- with the dog barking as before , and I had to call to inquire about the long delay -RRB- . When the replacement collar arrived , it too worked as expected , but this time it stopped working within 30 days . I called again , and they agreed to send a third collar , no charge , but again they were back-ordered . I appreciate they willingness to work with me , but I was losing patience . I had experienced how nice life can be when the dog was not barking at inappropriate times , and I could not live without a working bark collar , so I decided to look at other brands . I reasoned that it might be a good idea to have a second collar in reserve , in case this replacement process should recur in the future -LRB- this dog loves to bark at the birds , the postman , the neighbor 's dog ... -RRB- . I searched the internet and found good reviews and prices for the Premier collar -LRB- $ 44 with shipping -RRB- . I order the collar , and received it within a week -LRB- one day after the replacement Petsafe collar arrived -RRB- . The Premeir collar seems to work on a slightly different principle -LRB- a microphone rather than a vibration detector -RRB- , and seems to put out more spray . I called the Premier manufacturer to inquire about their warranty . They said that this collar has a lifetime warranty -LRB- I think they require a deposit when you ask for a replacement collar , which is refunded when you send the broken collar to them -RRB- . Overall , the Premier collar seems to be the better choice , but as I said , it has only been about a month that I have had this one.There is one other issue
 The Premier collar was the best solution to help my dog restrain from barking without any injury to him !! He learned within a few days while on walks to stop barking at other dogs , when wearing the collar . I did n't want to use the shock method , but my groomer told me about the Premier Citronella collar to aid in his training . We got good results !!
 I absolutely support this product . I have 3 Lhasa Apsos -- these were the inner sactum guard dogs for the Dali Lama -- if intruders got past the outside guard dogs -- these little ones let you know they were inside -- keenest hearing of any breed and will bark when they hear a pin drop . My story starts with a vacation to the mainland from Hawaii . My uncle came to dog sit for me 3 days earlier than my departure date . This to acquaint him with my dogs and their behaviors . Things went swimmingly until he returned from the airport after dropping my son and me off for the plane -- He returned at 10 pm -- the dogs did not stop barking until 5 am . He hid in his room . The neighbors called the police and the humane society . In Hawaii , you open all windows and the trade winds blow all sounds around the neighborhood . The next day , he could hardly move without their following him around and barking . What was I to do -- I could n't fly home as I was attending a wedding in 2 days -- I got on the phone to Hawaii pet shops -- I had been told about these collars from a friend , but never invested -- well , the only place on the Island of Oahu at that time that had any left was a vet office . They had 2 , not 3 . I phone charged them , and he happily drove to pick them up . Very pricey at $ 175 . per collar -- My neighbor had to come over to put them on them as he could n't get near them without tremendous noise . Now which dogs to put them on -- The mother dog , the boy puppy -LRB- then 2 years old -RRB- , but not the runt sister -- Once they were on them , maybe 2 barks came out of them . They got the idea quickly . Well the little one , who hung around her mother got the idea fast -- I better be quiet , or else I get one , too . They were wonderful for the rest of my 2 week trip . I was greeted with mail from the humane society regarding the barking and put this all in writing to them.This is 4 years later -- All I have to do is take out the collar and show them if they start barking too much . If I am having company over , they go on so I can greet them without the loud noise . They still love to bark , but the collars definitely work when needed . The little one eventually got her own collar as she got wise and left the two to bark . I would highly recommend these collars . I take the batteries out when not in use . You can find the batteries on line much cheaper than any place , and me , with 3 , I do go through them more than most with 1 dog . If you want the greatest watch dog around , get a Lhasa Apso , if you want the best bark deterrant around , get the citronella bark collar , hands down .
 We were skeptical about using citronella to stop our dog 's barking . But we refused to use a shock collar , so we tried the Citro . It works pretty well most of the time . The spray seems to stun our dachsie enough to make her stop barking . There 've only been a handful of times where she just ca n't help herself and will bark in spite of the collar repeatedly spraying citronella up her neck . She does know the device though
 I 've had my dog for almost 3 years now and I will admit he 's not very social , especially to other dogs . I would always dread taking him for walks because he would just make SUCH a ruckus . He would back and scream bloody murder if even the dog was on the other side of the street . Well imagine this 6 o'clock in the morning when the whole neighborhood is asleep . I 'm sure you could imagine the embarrasement . Well I got this collar last week and I swear it 's been a miracle . I 'm kicking myself in the a ## for not buying this collar earlier.The first time he barked , he was startled out of his mind . The second time , same reaction . The third time , he just barked once , then kept quiet once the spray went off . Now he does n't even bark . You could tell he wants to , but just knows the consequences . Words ca n't explain how thrilled I am to have purchased this collar . Now I 'm saving up to purchase the one with the remote . That way I can use it when I get home and he 's screaching , waking up the neighborhood , and announcing my arrival.One thing to keep in mind is that this collar does not work for high pitched screaching like my dog does when I get home . Hence the reason for buying the one with the remote . Oh , and for those wondering if it will work on your small dogs , it will . My dog is a chihuahua/pomeranian mix .
 My doxie is a major league , Hank Aaron barker . This product is 100 % effective for him . He is a little shy -LRB- although stubborn sometimes -RRB- , which might make a difference . He weighs 19 lbs . I really am not sure I could bear to shock him , as I am a bit tender-hearted towards him , but I probably would if that was what it took to stop heavy barking.There are a lot of nice extras about using this collar . -- It does n't seem to cause him any pain , it just startles him . -- He seems to be comfortable with it , as large as it is -LRB- we keep it loose -RRB- , and can run , jump , and sleep with it on . -- It allows him to bark at a very subdued volume , which I think is nice . It 's a pleasant deep soft sound , not at all bothersome , and it lets him satisfy his bark urge to a degree . It also lets him communicate when he needs something . -- If he does bark , it keeps the mosquitoes away !! -- The spray does not smell bad at all -- it 's almost pleasant -- It WORKS -LRB- for my doxie -RRB- ; after two or three single barks , he stopped completely . -- Strangely , he does n't seem to object when I put it on him . He really lets you know if he does n't like something , and he does n't mind wearing this collar hardly at all.Here are the bad things : -- If you leave it turned on , the battery will run out . -- The collar itself is quite hard to size for a smaller dog ; I had to use scissors and Scotch tape , which does not hold up well . -- It IS quite large on a small dog.We had him wear it for three weeks . Now , we just put it on him for a booster course if he barks twice in one day.You have to remember to turn it off when you take it off , and turn it on when you put it on your dog . This becomes automatic quickly . The citronella lasts a long time ; at least , it lasts a long time if it works . Some dogs apparently are not impressed by the spray and bark the reservoir empty.There is a problem with recommending this collar , because it may or may not work for your dog . It is either the greatest thing since cut bread , or a total waste of money.My personal experience has been great with this product . It stopped a major behavioral problem immediately , without any pain inflicted on our dog . It 's a bit expensive for a product that may not work at all in an individual case . The upside though is a big one , it is a FABULOUS product if your dog responds to it .
 We are very happy with the citronella bark collars . We have three dogs , all are terriers and they can get into a bark-fest . These collars have worked wonders , and are truly humane -- they work without pain . I would n't use one of the shock collars . They are not `` humane '' - they shock and they hurt ! If you do n't believe me , put it on your own neck and give it a try . I have seen dogs with burns on their necks from those . -LRB- As an aside , yes , I tried this citronella collar too . I let it spray me full in the face . Not pleasant , but not painful . -RRB- If you love your dog , try this method . BTW , do n't buy the expensive replacement batteries here . They are a standard size and can be obtained at any Walgreens , Target , etc for around $ 3 .
 This collar worked great for my smart and trainable long-haired German Shepherd -- effectively re-trained her barking behavior , and we quickly got to the point where she did n't need it any more . I also loaned it to a friend with a very spirited Golden Retriever , and it has worked well for their dog , although she continues to need to wear it most of the time even after a year . My mother tried it with her keeshonds , who are the most stubborn dogs I 've ever met , and it really did n't work with them , even when she made adjustments for their thick fur . Of course , those dogs are pretty behaviorally challenging , and a strong shock-collar has only been moderately effective for them . So ... for a spirited but reasonably compliant dog , it has seemed to work well , but for more stubborn dogs , the barking challenge may go on and on .
 We live in an apartment complex that is old and has thin walls . Our dog barked for about 2 hours every morning -LRB- the rest of the day he was fine -RRB- and our neighbors were seriously losing their patience with our attempts to resolve the problem.We tried ignoring him for 30 minutes prior to leaving and 10 min after coming back home ; we tried treat-dispensing toys ; we tried to desensitize him by doing short leaves -LRB- with gradual lengthening of absent time -RRB- . Nothing worked.Our management was pretty cool about it because they knew we were trying to solve the problem , but after 10 days , I knew our days were numbered . Either we would have to move -LRB- we have 6 months left on our lease -RRB- or give away our dog.I had never heard of this type of collar before . A woman in our complex mentioned it in passing and I was so desperate , I immediately started doing some research and decided to give it try since it seemed to be our last hope.It worked the first time our dog barked and activated the spray . He stopped barking immediately . We 've only tried the collar now for 3 days and so far , our manager says no one is complaining and they themselves have n't heard a peep -LRB- they could hear him barking before -RRB- . This collar saved us alot of grief ! I do n't know how it will work with dogs with severe barking problems , but our 's was a manageable problem and it worked immediately without any negative side effects.If you have a problem barker , I strongly recommend trying this collar before resorting to electric shock collars or worse , de-barking .
 I bought this collar because behavioral training was not working as well as I would have liked with my very vocal dog -LRB- a rescue that was formerly an outside-only dog -RRB- and I did n't want to resort to an electronic collar to train her . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the citronella collar did indeed work well at reducing the incidence of barking . My `` chatty '' girl caught on after getting sprayed only a few times , although she sometimes will still bark very quietly -LRB- below the trigger threshold -RRB- when she 's really motivated -LRB- this is called getting collar smart -RRB- . It 's not a 100 % cure and is n't supposed to be , but it definitely made a difference within a very short period of time . If you use this collar and have more than one dog in close quarters , be aware that another dog 's bark can trigger the collar to spray , resulting in a false correction for the wearer.I 've had this collar for more than three months now and have yet to go through the original container of citronella , another indicator of how quickly it worked . My only complaint is that the collar did not come with the 6 volt battery that was advertised as part of the package . The end of the adjustable collar was also a challenge to thread through the piece that holds it in place , but it gets there with a bit of work and a whole lot of patience.Overall I would say this is a very good training aid . It 's considerably less expensive than a good quality electronic collar and completely humane . If you also like the lemony-fresh scent of citronella , this is the way to go .
 Being that my wife and I have tried all of the tricks and training techniques to keep our little beagle from barking so much . We had almost given up . While online one day I thought I would see if there were any products that were a safe and humane way to train your dog . After a couple of hours of searching , I found a couple of different collars , one being a shock collars which I was completely opposed to and the citronella collar . I was a little skeptical at first , but after some research and reading a couple of independent studies I found this collar was more effective than the other collars . So I bought it . After a short two day wait , I received it in the mail . I put it on our dog and after two sprays of citronella he understood that barking is what set it off . Since then it has been peace and quiet . I still put the collar on him , but I have n't had to turn it on it quite some time .
 Well here 's the story of two occasional barkers and one terribly nasty neighbor.About my dogs : Ginger
 it was easy to set up and it worked well for about 2 months . Then it stopped working . I called Premier . They told me to send it back and they would replace it with no charge . It turns out that the unit has a LIFE TIME warranty . 1 week later I had a new collar and a free can of spray . HEY ! Great customer service . I would recomend this product to anyone . Great service goes a long way !
 I have a 30lb terrier who would bark incessantly when someone came in the house , the doorbell would ring or even at a house noise that she considered unusual . I would not have believed that this collar would work but we were desperate and did n't want to go the route of a shock collar if it could be avoided . What a difference this has made !!! Her barking is down 90 % ! If she does bark -LRB- and she knows that it is connected to the collar -RRB- she does a low level growl or bark that will not activate the collar and I can handle that . I did n't want to eliminate her bark completely just get it under control and it is . I recommend it to everyone that has a barker , it is worth trying .
 Doggie was a barking machine . Doggie does NOT like getting sprayed ! Doggie keeps Trying to bark , -LRB- quiet barks , murmurs , grrufs -RRB- , and finds he gets sprayed for those , too . Ha ! Ha ha ha ! 4 stars because he also gets sprayed for sneezing , shaking his head ... . I found that if I turn it off for most of the day , -LRB- love the on/off feature -RRB- , using it only when he 's more likely to bark , that pretty much solves the problem . That ought to let him be a `` watch '' doggie , too . The idea is control the problem barking , not the positive barking .4 stars also because the cost of the refills will surely add up . Still , if someone told me that for , say , $ 100 , I would be spared of the incessant barking , I would shell out the $ 100 in a heartbeat . So far , I 've spent $ 49 for the collar , 1 refill canister and 2 extra batteries , just in case and he 's only required 2 fills of the collar . -LRB- Each `` fill '' is about 25 sprays . Each canister is about 300 sprays -RRB- .4 stars , too , because the stuff stinks a bit . Although , there 's more stink as the doggie is learning . Those first several sprays add up . After that , it 's not so bad . Just a spray , here and there . Supposedly the citronella works better than the `` scentless '' . I would n't doubt it!Good luck ! -LRB- By the way , he 's otherwise the best doggie in the whole wide world -RRB- : -RRB-
 I am always a little skeptical when trying something new but this is GREAT ! Our new 10 mo old dog would bark in the night and nothing worked to stop it . We even tried ignoring him for 3 nights in a row . I did n't want a shock collar so we bought the spray bark collar and after 1 bark he stopped . The first few nights he would bark once just to test it . We are finally getting some sleep !
 I have had my bark collar several years now and only rarely have to use it . I have lent it out to others who have had amazing results and returned it to me when they were either through with it or had bought their own . Well recently I went to use mine and it did n't work , I tried a new battery , and made sure it was full , when it still did n't work I called Premier for customer service , THEY WERE SO NICE , they said that there is a lifetime warranty and to just send back the bark box ... well my bark collar was an old one without an on / off switch , I sent it back 9 days ago and today I received a brand new collar with an on / off switch , a new battery , and a new refill can ALL AT NO CHARGE ... GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!!
 I love this bark collar !! I have a Jack Russell/Beagle mix , who loves to bark . . at everything ! I love to camp , but he would drive me and everyone else nuts and I would just be so stressed . Honestly , I was getting to the end of my ropw . I have tried training with treats , muzzles , shock collars , and nothing worked . His attention span is that of a nit , so the treat training was not successful . The muzzle would work -LRB- obviously since he could n't bark with it on -RRB- , but he would not drink water with it on and he would stand like a statue -LRB- this was somewhat entertaining , but I felt bad -RRB- . The shock collar he would just bark through . A friend of mine suggested this , and since my only other option was to find him somewhere to stay while I went camping with the other dog , I decided to try it . I ca n't even begin to tell you what a change I saw . Although he occasionally barks , it is usually only once and then the spray sense goes off , and he is done . He may grumble a little bit , but it is such an improvement from the constant barking he used to do . Also depending on how deep and long he grumbles , he may cause the spray to go off again , so he is learning to keep it low and short . My stress level was nothing this camping trip and I actually enjoyed him being with me . My friends who have camped with us before also noted the change and would comment on it , especially when other people and dogs would walk by how well behaved he was . I can not say enough good things about this collar .
 I ca n't believe it , but this collar is working for our American Eskimo . He was a horrible nuisance barker before the collar . He has only been wearing the collar about two weeks and we take it off at night . I 'm buying another one for my yippy chihuahua .
 Last week I texted my friend that recommended this collar ... `` It has changed my life !!!! '' My small yappy dog usually will see a squirrel or person and bark for a good 5 minutes . Now he barks once and moves on . It also has helped control his aggression level . Amazing !!! I went on vacation a few weeks ago and had forgotten the refill at home . I went and bought the pet store out of the batteries and refills because I ca n't imagine not having this product . I love spending time with my dog so much more now too . He 's more under control yet still has a sparky zesty personality .
 The best dogs in the world come from shelters , and my new little chihuahua was perfect except he freaked out and barked non-stop at everyone who walked through the front door . It got to the point where we had to lock him in the bedroom when anyone came over . Almost from the moment I put this collar on he 's been quiet . I felt bad buying it because I knew he would n't like it but he 's only gotten spritzed 3 or 4 times and he 's clearly gotten the picture ... this thing is worth its weight in gold !
 I used to live in a house with a chain-link fence around the yard , so my dogs could see everyone who walked by . They used to bark like crazy when they were in the yard , even with plenty of exercise and spending the majority of their time inside . I think the pain of shock collars can be cruel , so I decided to try the citronella collar instead . It only took one bark from my dogs for them to realize it was n't worth it ! They hate the citronella spray in their faces , so they would stay quiet outside . It finally got to the point that I do n't need to use the collar anymore because they learned to control themselves . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 My girlfriend and I adopted a beagle last week . She is 3 years old , and has pretty bad separation anxiety . She 's completely fine whenever we 're home
 I got this collar for my 10 month old Siberian Husky , to help with his attention-getting yapping . After a few days using it , I am definitely going to keep it!Pros : - It is small and lightweight . My dog is 46 lbs with a very long nose , but it fits perfectly under his chin.-The citronella smell is pleasant and not intrusive.-The burst of scent interrupts his barking effectively , causing him to stop barking , jump in surprise , shake his head , and back away from the scent . Occasionally he tried a few extra loud barks afterwards , but stopped after it triggered the spray.-The scent does not irritate him , but merely is a mildly unpleasant distraction from constant barking.-The on/off switch is great for saving battery life , and for turning it off so he can play-woof or `` talk '' when we are playing.Cons : - The microphone does well with ignoring background noises , but is sometimes set off by loud rustling or scraping on the floor when he plays with his toys . When this happens , he will abandon the toy and cry softly , which is just as annoying as him barking all the time...-The microphone does not do a good job of picking up his low-level , quieter barks . Granted , I do n't want him to be completely silenced , but I am worried he will figure out he can just bark quietly enough not to trigger it . So far in the past three days he 's only done that once , with 3 increasingly loud barks . Sometimes it takes the microphone a few woofs before it triggers.-The strap is flimsy and difficult to adjust , since the plastic clips are cheap and do n't grip the material well . I will probably have to purchase a second , specific buckle collar just so it does n't slide off his neck.Overall , I would recommend this to someone with a medium-to-large dog who has a hefty bark , if they want the consistency of the spray . The on-off switch is helpful too if you have a vocal dog like my husky , and do n't want to punish him for `` talking , '' but rather restrict specific barking at certain times of day . I have not left my husky alone with it on -LRB- i.e. in his crate -RRB- , so I 'm not sure how well it works on an unsupervised dog.One bit of advice ... . buy from Amazon , NOT Petco ! This exact same brand/model at our local Petco was almost $ 100 .
 My dog has a barking problem . If she hears other dogs , cars , the house settling , the garbage truck , or if I say hello - she just goes on and on and on . And if the door bell actually rings ? It can take about 10 minutes to calm her . We tried everything but a collar , not wanting to scar her shelter dog psyche any more than it already was . Then we had a baby and the barking was n't a personality quirk anymore . It became an ISSUE . So I bought the collar , figuring citronella may work . It did ! It does ! My husband is not trying to pawn the dog off on the neighbors anymore ! She is so much calmer and does n't work herself into a tizz at every little noise . We have only used the collar three times ! That is all it took . I am amazed and excited . The collar allowed one warning bark for her before it would spray , which is totally fine for us . And this will fit any size dog , the collar is adjustable . She is 50 lbs and I had plenty of room each way . If your dog is fragile like mine , this should not cause further damage . I should have gotten it years ago , life would have been a lot better for us all .
 This is the first time I have written a review for a product on Amazon , but I just had to this time . We have a wonderful dog we adopted two years ago , but he started barking a few months ago , and it was driving us crazy . Any noise in our yard , the doorbell or knock on the door would send him into a barking jag . He would usually stop when we yelled at him , but it was all the time . When I put the collar on him I was worried that it would bug him , but it did n't seem to bother him in the least . The first time he went out to bark at something in the yard he got out one bark and that was it , quiet . I thought maybe this would change , but no , the barking has all but stopped . This product worked incredibly well for us , and I ca n't thank Petsafe enough .
 This collar really works ! I prefer it over the SportDog shock collar -LRB- I tried it on myself and it hurts ! -RRB- , which is less safe and in my experience gives more accidental shocks . My dog barks loudly at EVERYTHING , and when in public he does not stop ! After all the embarrassment , I decided to give this collar a shot . The first time my dog barked with the collar on , it sprayed him and he looked so surprised ! He did n't bark again for a while . My dog hates the citronella spray , and so he would restrain himself when he remembers what would happen if he barks . When he does n't remember or when he can not resist the urge to bark , he would bark once , get sprayed , and stop . The citronella scent smells pretty good too.Sometimes -LRB- although rarely -RRB- , when my dog shakes himself , the collar will spray . If my dog play-growls , the collar will also spray him . I have two dogs , so I have to remember to take the collar off when we get to the park so they can play . Also , if I forget to turn the collar off before putting it on my dog , it will also spray . Overall , I am happy with this collar and it definitely keeps the barking at bay!UPDATE
 I 've been using this system for about a decade now . The one collar has lasted four dogs . Each dog was trained not to bark very quickly by the collar -LRB- esp when we were n't around to train his behavior ourselves -RRB- . Although , we did n't let the collar do all the work , we supplimented w/hands on training as well . May not be for all dogs and all temperments -LRB- we 've had very trainable dogs - lab , 2golden mixes ... -RRB- but WELL worth the try .
 My husband and I were at our breaking point when we purchased this collar . Our five-month old French Bulldog puppy is so wonderful , but he wanted to bark until 11pm at night and then start barking again around 5:30 am each morning . We were never willing to try shock collars or anything painful , but we thought this collar might work . Boy , has it . When the collar is on , our puppy rarely barks , and when he does , he gets a quick spray of non-offensive citronella scent and quiets down . I think the smell even calms him down a bit . Unlike other reviewers , I have n't found the collar -LRB- or my dog -RRB- to be super smelly . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a -LRB- non-painful -RRB- way to quiet a barking dog .
 Our dog would not stop barking at the neighbors when they would come outside in the spring . It was a nuisance . After one bark with this collar , she stopped barking completely . She could n't figure out where the spray was coming from and it distracted her from barking . It works like a dream . Now , after a few weeks of wearing it whenever she went outside , she can go outside without the collar and does n't bark . We love this collar .
 We adopted an anxious female weimaraner who nervously barked at noises and other dogs . We had tried positive re-conditioning , which had n't worked . We only had to use this collar twice for her to get the message that such barking was undesirable . As a result , it seems to have broken the cycle of anxiety that she seemed unable to control previously . Love the collar and Amazon had the best price .
 I purchased this anti bark collar after many years of using a mild shock type collar . One of the recent additions to our canine family has very thick hair and insists on barking long and loud anytime my father is in close proximity . Obviously , this can get quite tiresome . I had tried trimming her hair , but no matter what I did the shock collars we had did not have any effect on her whatsoever . So I purchased the Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar to see if it might get her attention.Since the majority of my experience is with the shock type collars , this review will mostly compare my experience between the Spray Sense and the shock collars.PRO
 This worked well for a few months . And at that time I recommended it to people who also are happy with the results . The problem I have now is that my dog has finally just gotten used to it . She will bark and bark like the collar is n't even working , even though I can hear it spraying and can even smell the spray.Bottom Line , a good product but a determined Barker will continue to bark through this .
 Our dog was escalating into a protect mode at every stray noise and bark in the neighborhood.This collar was comfortable , easy to adjust and having used it for several weeks , continues to stop the barkat one or two at most regardless of the situation . Cost effective and recommended . Used for our overly protectiveGerman Shepherd female .
 I bought the Premier GentleSpray collar last week . Our dog would bark at any noise she heard , regardless of being inside or outside , and especially at any person or dog walking by our corner lot . She would continue to bark and bark until the distraction was out of sight or longer . I put the collar on and she stopped barking after the first spay . She tested a few more time but within 2-3 minutes the change was significant . It surprised her but did n't seem to have any other affect . She can now be outside without barking all the time . We can sit at the kitchen table without the surprise bark that would have us jumping from our chairs . I wish I would have gotten this a year or two ago . Now , even with the collar is not on , her barking is greatly reduced . I am not sure if this will continue but so far I am very pleased with the collar .
 I have a cat who meows/yowls like you would n't believe -LRB- he 's a Bengal -RRB- . You would not believe a cat could make these noises . Finally the neighbors came over to complain . The vet said they do n't make these collars for cats , but I figured it was worth trying . At first the collar did not spray very often , but then I read online that these things have to be tight , much tighter than you would expect . It started spraying a lot more often after I tightened it up , sometimes when he meows , but sometimes also when he shakes his head . It 's not consistent , but he absolutely hates it when it sprays , and it happens often enough that when I put the collar on , he pretty much stops meowing . I would n't expect it to work better than that considering I am using it on a cat , not a dog , and your cat might react differently from mine , but there is not a lot of info online about whether this would work on a cat -LRB- and I know others are wondering about this -RRB- , so I thought I would share my experience . We are sleeping through the night for the first time in a long time.We also put the cat on Prozac , and that seems to have helped , but the collar is definitely contributing -- if he 's not wearing it , he can get into a bit of a meowing fit , and that stops when I put the collar on . I think it would be great if Petsafe would develop something like this for cats , it 's a surprisingly common problem , especially with Bengals and Siamese.Good luck in your search for quiet !
 I 've only tried this on my dog once so far , but it seems to be working really well . My dog tends to bark a lot at other dogs when she is on leash . I took her out for a long walk with the collar on . The first time she barked once , it sprayed her and she clearly was taken by surprise . She got sprayed probably eight or ten times along our walk , each time she barked at another dog . But she was starting to get it - she was barking only once or twice at a dog , not constant barking like previously . The last dog we passed - no bark at all . Next time I use it , I am going to bring treats so I can reward her for not barking . I have been trying to train her to stop this behavior for 3 years with not much success , and this product seems to make a huge difference . The feedback she gets with the spray is immediate and consistent so I think that will help.The product itself seems well made and easy to use . It 's very easy to fill from the can of citronella they send you . It works like it 's supposed to - spraying when they bark . I never saw it spray her other than when she barked . The spray definitely got her attention . It 's not too big or heavy on her neck and she does n't seem to mind wearing it -LRB- she 's a medium sized dog -RRB- . So while we will have to wait and see as to the long term efficacy of this product , so far I am pleased . It works as advertised and seems to be having a positive effect.Update
 We got a husky mix from the shelter a few weeks ago . He was quiet as a mouse for the first few days we had him , but then the howling started . It is loud , and sounds awful -LRB- at the height of the howl , it sounds like a siren -RRB- . We tried ignoring him when we were around , and then keeping things peaceful and quiet at home while we were gone . But it did n't work , and 5 noise complaints later we got a call from our landlord that we needed to step up the efforts . The shelter recommended this collar , and so far so good . I did test it first while I was home to make sure he would n't freak out and hurt himself/break things . He got out an Ow ... and then it sprayed him and he was silent . He can still whine , sigh , yawn , and do his usual quiet dog noises , which made me very happy . Just no ear-piercing howls allowed by the collar.He first seemed to associate the spray with the door , but now that it has happened in other parts of the house he is less weary of the door area . We take it off when we leash-up go out , and it goes back on when we return . We have n't had the collar long , and I 'm not sure when we 'll be able to stop use . But currently , I think it has been money well spent .
 `` Barky '' Sparky , our Cairn Terrier barked at everything , the squirrels he could hear , people walking down the street , from first sight to last , the cupboards bumping in the kitchen , the car doors of everyone in the neighborhood , the toaster , the vacuum cleaner , the neighbor sitting on her porch . When we would let him outside , he went flying out the back door as fast as he could squeeze , just to terrorize everything he could see.We tried the shock collar and he learned to shake his head so that the sensor/shock prongs were not touching his vocal chords , but resting on the side of his neck and then he 'd still bark . They also gave him red marks on his neck some times and when it did shock him , he 'd coming running to my feet and sit there like he was frightened . Also , with the shock collar , he seemed to learn very quickly to associate the collar itself with the barking deterrent . And when it was off , he knew he could bark freely.With the citronella collar , he 's a new dog ! And the whole family and household has become more peaceful . He 's completely calm now and he does n't seem to fully realize that the unpleasant spray is associated with the collar itself ... he 's still quiet even when we take it off at night . He plays and seems happy , and now looking back , it 's almost like his own barking was making him more anxious and it was becoming a vicious cycle.The collar is very sensitive to noise . It sprayed him once when he got too close to the vacuum cleaner , so now i put him in another room when I 'm vacuuming . It also sprays occasionally if he 's playing and growls too loud . Other than that , it has been perfect.For anyone that was worried , he has easily learned to make a small little whine to communicate that he wants something or needs to go outside .
 The anti-bark collar really does work . We have a coon-hound who are notorious for barking . She used to bark a great deal in the yard , especially at night . Now with the anti-bark she might let out a short bark and than it is over . She does not like the citronella at all .
 We got this collar to teach our minipoodle not to bark so much . It works , without being harsh . She now attempts to bark quietly or growl rather than her prima donna soprano shrieking that she was known for.The only minor negative point is that this collar is kind of bulky for a 10 pound dog . It would be just fine on a dog maybe twice her size.Overall , it 's exactly what we hoped for .
 I saw this as a solution to my barking westie . I wanted a watchdog and that 's exactly what I got . She takes her job very seriously . She does n't bark when I 'm not home , so that 's not the problem , but only when I am . She barks at fire engines , the doorbell and just people or dogs walking by . I needed some relief . I read all the reviews and figured it was worth a shot . I have to say it was perfect . She barks once , then stops . She thinks the spray is coming from the floor . I watched for any side effects , but none . I only keep it on her when I 'm home and awake . I can see where this would not work on `` bearded '' dogs or larger dogs , but I 'm looking forward to seeing this work for the long term .
 I had a problem with my mini aussie , who went completely berserk at our gate , where I get my deliveries , and company comes in . He grabbed hold of the wire of our livestock gate , actually hurting his mouth at times , snarling , barking and growling all at once . I tried verbal commands , scolding , etc. but to no avail . He is normally a very obedient and loving dog , so I was n't sure what to do about it . I tried two different kinds of shock collars , one is a plastic dog bone style , which was not put together well , and was sent back . The next type looked sturdier , had the `` noise '' option , and 10 levels of stimulation . He paid no attention to it , the noise option , and even up to the 10 level of stimulation . I tried it on my hand , and definitely felt the stimulation on `` 3 '' , so I know it was working . I do n't like the probes on it , they have to make constant contact with your dog 's neck , and just has to be uncomfortable for them . Anyway , third try was the citronella collar . It worked instantly . He was surprised , and stopped his behavior , and went back onto the back porch , and calmed down . I love it and feel like it is very humane , and do n't even need to use it on my aussie much anymore , unless there is alot that will be going on that day . Hope this is helpful !
 We bought this item 3 months ago because we have a miniature poodle that loves to bark . Very annoying , but since we had a baby on the way we knew we needed something to stop the barking , which would destroy nap time , but I was n't comfortable with a shock collar . This collar worked from day one . First time we put it on her , we had someone step outside and ring the door bell , and she barked . Immediately the collar sprayed her , which shocked her and made her jump . We waited a few minutes and rang the bell again . This time she thought about it for a minute but decided to bark again . After the second spray she learned her lesson and since then she will not bark when wearing the collar . Every now and then when someone knocks on the door she seems to forget and lets out one bark , but is immediately reminded of the spray and does not bark again . Huge improvement considering previously she would bark incessantly for several minutes . Only problems we have found is that the battery has already died TWICE in 3 months , and it uses a special battery that is not always easy to find . I guess we will just have to stock up on them . Also the citronella seems to run out fairly quickly , considering it is not `` spraying '' very often . But these are minor problems overall for a wonderful product . Keep in mind this is not a permanent fix -LRB- for our dog anyways -RRB- , she absolutely knows if it is off , or not working , and will bark as usual .
 Worked perfectly - my neighbors do a lot of yard work , and for some reason , my dog just ca n't stand to let them pull weeds in peace . Rather than confine either the dog or the neighbors to the house , everybody is happy now ! The dog runs around the yard , the neighbors do n't go deaf , and I do n't have to yell at the dog . It literally took five minutes for her to decide that a surprising puff of citronella was unpleasant enough to go mind her own business . I did n't like the idea of shock collars , and the added benefit of the citronella is that it keeps mosquitoes away . She does a low `` woof '' sometimes , that does not set off the spray - which is fine . It is nothing like the loud , sharp barking that she used to do . She seems to know exactly the tone she can use with it now . Excellent and humane product , and they sell refills everywhere.In case anyone wants to know , she is almost 4 years old , and a Schipperke/Lab mix .
 I tried the vibrating collar and the sound collars before this one as I was getting death threat notes to me and my Dachshund/Chihuahua . This one worked the best ! She learned quickly the bad consequences of barking when the collar was on . I now have to just wave it around her face and she shuts up . One downside is that it is rather large for her so it does not spray in front of her nose like on larger dogs , but right on her neck .
 We have tried this collar on all 3 of our dogs and it works . Our Golden Retriever had it on for just one day and she actually only barked once and decided she did n't like the smell -LRB- or the hissing noise it makes when the scent is released , not sure which is the better deterrent :-RRB- . Occasionally we have to put it on her when she acts up or forgets her manners but as soon as she sees the collar she knows she is being disciplined and it does n't take long to `` re-learn '' the correct behavior . Our little terrier hates it to the point where all I have to do now is SHOW it to him and he quiets down . It is much more humane than the shock collar and is very effective .
 I love my dog , and as such I really did n't feel comfortable with shock collars ... however , living in an apartment , we could n't have him barking every time someone knocked on our door . So , we simply put the collar on when we knew someone was coming over . After two or three sprays , all we had to say was `` Collar ! '' and he would know not to bark . DO NOT keep it on all the time ! Your dog needs to vocalize ! However , it 's great for addressing instances of nuisance barking .
 My dog is a constant , annoying barker . She barks at anything and everything , and we have tried many diffeeent things to get her to stop , to no avail . This collar is great ! It does n't stop her barking 100 % , but what it does is stops her incessant annoying barking . When she barks loudly -LRB- which is most of the time -RRB- citronella sprays and she shuts up . This collar does n't stop quiet barks or growls , only the loud , regular barks . We are definitely satisfied with this product ! Only reason it is not rated with 5 stars is because it does n't stop quiet barks -LRB- as if she is * grumbling * to herself -RRB- and growls .
 This works for my dog ! We adopted him and he came with this collar . We did not use it as he was not barking so much until we adopted an additional dog . New dog chewed up and destroyed the collar . I had to buy another one and came to you for replacement . If New dog needs to eventually have one , I will be back .
 I was unsure how well this product would work on my beagle , but so far it 's perfect . My beagle is very skittish around sprays , and he has quieted down a lot with this . Fortunately , I have the one beagle in the world who does n't bark anyway , but I was having problems with crying and howling because of seperation anxiety stemming from a recent move.I 'd definitely say that everyone should give this product a try !
 I was pleasantly surprised with this collar . The first night I put it on our dog there was one bark and then quiet the rest of the night . It completely broke her of the barking . That was a couple weeks ago . Now we do n't have to put it on her any more and she is still quiet . Great product !
 This collar works like a charm . I put it on my 6 month old toy poodle and he stopped barking immediately . He barked once , got sprayed and never barked again - while he was wearing the collar . Now when I put it on him , he knows what it is and does n't even bother to bark once so he does n't get sprayed at all . I highly recommend this product . It is miraculous . It is much easier and more humane than the shock collars . I would never use one of those .
 We have a small dog who thinks she is the Alpha of the pack , that is the human family she lives with . After 11 years of her barking through the window at people walking by our home we decided to teach her a new trick
 This collar is a must for chatty dogs . We have had great results and I am ordering more for family and friends pets.Definately a must get product .
 This works great ! It 's easy to refill it with more spray.My barky flatcoat retriever only took about two sprays before he learned not to bark while it 's on . Unfortunately he also learned that once it comes off he can bark again . So I just put it on him a couple times a day - like feeding times - so I can keep him in his outdoor kennel for 20 minutes while waiting for his food to digest . That way the neighbors are n't disturbed by his `` let me out ! '' barks.With any luck your dog wo n't figure out that it 's the collar preventing him from barking , but mine did . The collar is too bulky to leave it on him all day long and I worry about his brother chewing it off of him . So for now it 's just making more sense to take it off and put it on when needed .
 Been using the collar for two days and it is very effective , not the spray in particular , but the sound of the spray . She nearly jumps out of her skin every time it goes off and does n't want to bark anymore . I even have it off most of the time and she still does n't want to bark . My dog is not the brightest so hopefully this will cure her constant needless barking .
 My dogs are n't really barkers ... Unless someone is approaching the door to the apartment , or there 's something super exciting happening outside , or the younger one wants to play ... You get it ;-RRB- . Anyway this thing is awesome . Collar = no barking , and usually a day with the collar on gives me at least three days of relative silence . Could n't be happier . I also love that it 's not harmful to my pets .
 Our 8 year old chihuahua mix , Norman , has had a chronic barking habit that has gotten us kicked out of hotel rooms , irritated the neighbors , and pissed off utility workers and delivery people . Let me not forget to mention how embarrassing it was to us !!! We discussed having him de-barked , but felt , as others do , that it 's going a bit too far . Having neglected to train him adequately in the first place , we were very turned off by the idea of taking him to a professional . We bought Bark Off after seeing it on TV and it turned out to be completely useless . Then a friend suggested a citronella collar . Spray Sense worked like a charm.The first day or two with the collar he was kind of panicky , since he did n't understand what was happening , what with him getting squirted up the nose . By the end of that week however -LRB- with the collar on only part of the day -RRB- he barked when provoked by noise , but only once or twice , and at a lower volume ! We could n't believe it . It was like we had a new dog . Prior to Spray Sense , Norman would keep up the barking for at least 5 minutes , and barked for no apparent reason as well , driving us absolutely nuts.If you love your dog and do n't want to injure him with shocks or submit him to drastic surgery , the Spray Sense citronella collar is for you ! Best of all , it does n't cost much .
 This collar has worked wonders with our dog . No shock , just a spray . Took 2 days for him to understand he could n't bark with it on . Easy to operate . Very , very satisfied .
 Our new dog , a puppy mill rescue , barked day and night . It got to the point that the neighbors started to complain and my husband was ready to return him . After talking to several people , my vet , a dog trainer , etc. , we decided to try the citronella collar . Instant success . No more barking . Half the time we do n't even need to use it . Give it a try , it worked for us !
 We got this for our dog about 3 weeks ago , and I am utterly amazed at how well it has worked . Our dog is a 2 year old Dachshund , and up until we got the citronella spray he would bark at EVERYTHING . It drove us and our neighbors nuts . Now if he even does bark , it 's only once and then he stops . His mood has also changed , he does n't get super excited when he sees other people or dogs walking by . It 's a far more pleasurable experience to take him on walks , and I can sit on our porch with him without having to worry about him scaring everybody that walks by.I 've only had to refill the collar itself twice , and I 'd say we get at least 25 sprays out of it . The can of citronella that came with it should last quite a while , if we even need it much longer.The collar itself was a little too big for our dog , so I had to cut the strap to make it shorter , but that 's not a big deal . Overall I 've been extremely happy with this product . To whoever invented it , THANK YOU ! - Dave
 We bought these for our Great Dane AND our Rat Terrier . It works well for both . The only problem we encountered was when we left them on them at night and our Dane had to go out in the middle of the night . She could n't bark to let us know and went on the floor . LOL!I highly recommend this , even if you have a giant breed of dog .
 This is the first product that worked on our spaniel . Now , we do n't even turn it on half the time , but the barking is completely gone . Wonderful product , no harm like the shock collars .
 I read all the reviews and felt at the price offered it was perhaps worth the investment . The first time my dog had the collar on and ran out it sprayed and she shut up . She had a pattern of where she ran and when she barked , very annoying . She is about 11-12 lbs . so the collar is a bit heavy but easy to adjust . Now I only have to put the collar on and she does not bark . She got the message very quickly . She sneezed when the spray went off but it was not harmful to her . It does spray when she her head shaked also . I would recommend purchasing , I only wished that I had done so sooner .
 My vet told me about this product . I found it on Amazon for 1/3 of the cost than PetsMart . The directions are easy . The first time she barked , it sprayed citris and she was startled . When it sprays , she runs to me . She got the point real quick that her barking triggered the spray . I do n't even have my dog wear this all the time now . I put it on her at times I know she wants to bark -LRB- at kids playing or other dogs on a walk -RRB- . I depend on reviews to help me not waste my money . This collar WORKS !
 Only downfall of this is that it will only hold about 25 sprays worth of fill . I wish it was more like 100 sprays . A dog that is barking for whatever reason is surely to bark more than 25 times in a long , typical work day , 8-9 hours . Other than that it works well . Easy to refill . Would like a gauge to see how much fill is inside of the unit . But you can sort of hear it filling and when it fills , the small sound stops.I had to buy many more refills . EntirelyPets sells them at a nice price , free shipping , on Amazon.com.The battery is lasting a long time , but I turn it off when my dog is n't wearing it . So that must save a lot of the power.I like that it has an on/off button.The 4 stars is only due to the limited 25 sprays per fill .
 I was reading a pamphlet at the animal shelter that listed the different ways to silence a dog . Before that , I was considering a shock collar , but did n't want to hurt my dog as she is only 20lbs , 4yrs old and barks and whines at anything that moves outside.The first day she had the citronella collar on , a loud whine set it off and got her attention . She became wary of making any loud noises after the second time it sprayed her . She took probably 20 sprays when a lady walking her dog decided to stop and talk . She would not have continued barking , but the fence prohibited her from smelling the other dog . I tell her hush any time someone walks by , and she is finally starting to listen , whether the collar is on or not . We have had the collar for three days !
 This no bark really works the first time i but it on prince and let him outside he always barks at the man sitting on his patio and runs up to him like he wants to bit him that day was a different bark it was a cherp and he hailed but back into the house he sat in a corner for 2 hours not a bark until a knock at the door which was just but 1 bark this product really works when he see me pull it out he runs to his cage and sit very quiet its too funny how he hate to have that collar on . Best investment
 I am amazed at how well this citronella spray collar worked on my ten pound Maltese . He has a terrible high pitch bark that worries me how our condo neighbors are reacting . We also have a four pound Maltese and I tried it on him for a short time - as he also has that screaming bark . I am sure it is too heavy for him to carry for a long period , but on a short term basis it worked well . I ordered five extra batteries for $ 1.75 each as I read the battery life is short - but so far so good . The on/off switch is a good feature . I wish the manufacturer could make a smaller version for really small dogs .
 Works great when my little schnauzer barks . It startles her and then she stops barking . However , she has learned when she is n't wearing the collar that she can bark !!
 I have 2 Boston Terriers , Sadie and Stella.Sadie is my barker , I put this collar on her the very first day . She barked and was sprayed . Hase n't barked with it on ever since then . Now I just having it hanging as a reminder for her . Not to bark in the house . This collar worked like a charm . I love that it has citronella , it helps to keep the flea 's ticks and mosquitoes away . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I have a reactive adult rescue dog . I 've tried all sorts of behavior modification techniques and tools to try and get his barking under control . This device is the only thing that consistently works ! While I 'm thrilled to find something that works this well , there are a few issues with the device itself . Users have no way of knowing when the battery is depleted , nor is there a reservoir indicator . Thankfully , my dog lets me know when it 's not working correctly by resuming his barking frenzy . A version with these improvements would earn my undying loyalty !
 My dog never barks with the collar when the battery 's new and it 's full of spray . As soon as one of those things is out , she knows and starts her barking back up . I do wish it had some kind of indicator so you knew how much spray was in there , you just have to guess and how much to fill it .
 This is the best thing ever . My 10 yr . old Italian Greyhound barks at everything . If you just think about standing up she knows it and starts barking . You ca n't hold any conversation with someone if they do n't sit down . Then she gets the other three ig 's going , and it is a real bark fest . All four dogs go to work with me everyday , and if they start barking when I 'm on the phone , I ca n't hear so this is only used when it 's important to keep them quiet . She is only 8lbs . so I really did n't like the fact of the bark collars that zap them . I looked into this one and my vet suggested it would be worth a try also . I do n't know why I waited so long . I put it on her loosely , and opened a door she always barks at . She went running , barked and got sprayed . She tried to bark again , and after that spray , she went and laid down quietly . I was shocked at her reaction . Now I keep it on a loose collar that I can just slip over her head and I do n't even have to turn it on . Sometimes if she starts to bark I just show it to her and she goes and lays down . I highly recommend this especially for small yappy dogs . And amazon sold it at a much lower price then the pet shops do .
 The product has performed as advertized . My 1yr pld Yorkie would bark constantly and give the older Yokie a ba dtime when together . Since having the collar he has since reduce his actions to a tollable level .
 My son recommended this product because he had used it before with success . Mavric learned very quickly that the collar would spray if he barked . I started with short periods in the afternoon when schools are letting out and kids are walking by the apartments sliding glass door . Now all I have to do is show him the collar and he quiets down . To stop the barking I put the collar on and he sulks on his bed or puts his chin on my knee and gives me the sad eyes routine . I 'm returning the refill kit because I do n't think I 'll need it and if I do need a refill I 'll only buy one can at a time.He does n't wear it all the time and he still barks at noises and when some one knocks on the door but that 's one of the reasons I have a dog and I think he is getting the hint about barking at people he sees walking by outside .
 We have two corgi puppies who LOVE to bark outside because they hear the neighbors dogs outside . I did n't want to get an electric bark collar because I feel it is inhumane . We bought this and tried it out and the minute they bark , it sprays the citronella in front of them and they immediately stop ! And wont bark until we take the collar off . They can still make little noises like grunts and stuff without getting sprayed so they are n't afraid of the collar . Also , when they play they tend to get a bit to barky and this definitely helps . They can still play and make some noise but not loud barks that can annoy you . I have recommended this product to a few other dog owners and they all loved it ! It 's a great , HUMANE way to control your dogs barking .
 I bought this in the store for almost $ 90 and was relieved when it actually WORKED !! Our dog is a barker ! He barks at people , at dogs ... and sometimes at his own shadow ! This collar was a life saver for us all ! He 's quiet when the collar is on and we can all rest a little easier because of that . My only regret is that I did n't check Amazon first ! At $ 31.00 it 's a steal !
 It worked from the first time I put it on my dog . It worked so well I was even a bit concerned because my dog was so scared at the spray , that when she realized it was the collar , every time I put it on , she 'll just lie down and be quiet . I think in the 3 weeks I 've had it , the collar has only sprayed her 5 or 6 times , since the second or third spray she understood and would not bark . She 's a Welsh corgi and they bark a lot sometimes , but they 're also really smart . Now I sometimes only mention the collar to her when she 's barking and she 'll stop . But I would n't leave it on a dog for very long . At least not if a dog reacts to it like my dog , she 's terrified of it , so it would be cruel to leave it on more than absolutely necessary , even though it does not hurt the dog . And some other reviewer mentioned the smell , I have never noticed the smell . Maybe because it has been sprayed only a couple times . Remember , this collar really works , but you have to be there and teach the dog also , and if the dog 's scared of it , do n't leave it on too long . Good luck !
 Worked okay at first . My dog is now use to it . When she barks , she ca n't even feel it spraying her . I would recommended the spray collar with a remote to make sure your dog knows exactly WHEN they are doing wrong .
 I bought my first Gentle Spray Anti-Bark collar 8 years ago . My black Lab , Katie , is the determined sort and when someone , or something , enters the neighborhood , she has a tendency to start barking and not stop . She was annoying the neighbors by barking for an hour or two at a time when I was n't home . It was n't separation anxiety barking on her part , it was always barking at something , but that did n't make the neighbors any happier when it happened . When we went to the vet 's office , or obedience classes , she 'd bark excitedly at all the other dogs and people , sort of saying `` hello , pay attention to me . '' I had to do something or start leaving her in the house when I was n't home.I bought the Gentle Spray collar because I could n't bring myself to put something on her that would inflict pain , so shock collars were out of the question . I was n't sure a spray of citronella would actually shut her up , but I decided it was worth a try . It only took 5 minutes for her to figure out that if she barked while wearing the collar , she was going to get sprayed . The spray did n't hurt her or scare her , it actually seemed more to insult her , but whatever , she did not like getting sprayed . From then on , when she wore the collar , she did n't bark . The vet could n't believe it the first time we went to her office with the collar on . No one there had ever seen or heard of a citronella bark collar before . They were amazed at the difference . `` It did n't take away her spirit at all '' one of the vet techs commented . `` We used to be able to hear Katie barking before you even turned into the parking lot '' the vet said . They started recommending the collar to their clients . `` That 's the citronella dog I was telling you about '' I overheard the vet say to another dog owner . My neighbors were thrilled . Several of them told me they never heard Katie barking anymore , well except when I 'm home . I only put the collar on her when she 's outside and I 'm not home or we 're going to the vet . When I 'm home and she starts barking , I check out what triggered it , let her bark for a while , and then make her be quiet.The first collar lasted 8 years , but finally stopped working . Katie 's a smart dog . It took a couple of weeks , but she eventually figured out that the collar did n't spray every time she barked anymore . So , I bought a new one . The look on her face when she barked and got sprayed was priceless . This is a great product . My only complaint with the old model was that the batteries did n't seem to last hardly any time at all . The new model has an on/off switch , so I 'm hoping the batteries will last longer .
 We have a Jack Russel Terrier mix that nothing else has worked on . The only draw back is that some external noises will set it off accidently . Another dog barking is understandable , but do n't sneeze to close to your dog when they 're wearing it .
 Trained our Cavalier King Charles to stop barking . This is a very humane way to stop the undesirable behavior . Recommended !
 I 've tried everything and spent hundreds of dolars , but this is the only product that actually works . Even after the first day , she stopped barking just by having the collar on . Now all we have to say is `` do you want to wear your necklace ? '' and she stops barking . Amazing ! Order extra batteries !
 It worked right away . I have two dogs about 70lbs each . It worked the first day . They bark very little when on . The citronella collar was recommended by my Vet .
 This product changed our lives . Our dog loved to bark all day long . We put it on her and she stopped barking immediately . Fantastic product , safe and effective , highly recommended . Worked on our toy dog .
 I was concerned about it 's size for our 8.5 lb . Pappillon , but it is not a problem . It works like a charm , even when the schoolbus discharges a bunch of kids or a neighbor walks his dog in front of our house . We 've been using it for over 6 months now without replacing a battery -LRB- you have to remember to turn it off when you remove it -RRB- . Our little guy has learned to not bark whenever it 's on him . Unfortunately , he knows he can bark when it 's off , but he does not mind getting it put on . He sits and waits to have it put on whenever we tell him to . Quite inexpensive compared to options at our local pet store and it has been foolproof . Not traumatic at all , the odor is extremely mild . We even bought a second one for whenever we visit our daughter 's home for their Pap .
 My wife and I got this collar as a first try to get our basset hound puppy to stop barking at everything in sight . We were skeptical that a non-shock solution would work but we wanted to try this before we had to step up the next level . Amazingly , this collar stopped the problem barking almost instantly.When our basset is in the back yard she barks constantly at the mailman , next door neighbors , birds , lawn mower , everything . I put the collar on her and let her outside - she barked once , got sprayed and then ran around scared not knowing where the spray came from . This happened to her on maybe five or six times over the next few days and each time the spray got her to stop the constant barking . We then started alternating letting her out with and without the collar and the barking was almost completely gone . She 'd let out one bark when the mailman came by but would n't repeat it , almost as if she realized that the barking would cause the spray -LRB- even though she was n't wearing the collar -RRB- . Even when I mowed the lawn , something that used to cause 30 minutes of non-stop barking at the mower , she remains calm and silent.One thing that may have helped this collar work for out basset is the fact that our dog is a big wimp and is easily frightened , even though she 's incredibly stubborn . If you 've got a dog that does n't care what 's going on around her then this might not work as well , but for our dog it has completely solved the barking problems .
 This product is great ! Unless my dog is frantic he stops barking right away when he wears the collar . He even continues to not bark for a few days after we take it off . Unfortunately , we have to keep using it on -LRB- thats why 4 starts instead of 5 -RRB- and the replacement battery is impossible to find in stores !
 Excellent product and much more humane than electric shock collar . This product really works .
 When we first put the collar on our dog -LRB- a lab-mix -RRB- , it did n't work . Reading back over the instructions , we realized it was too tight . After we adjusted the collar , it worked wonderfully ! Our dog was a horrible , whiny barker - it only took one spray to make him stop barking . After that first time , just wearing the collar is a detterent - he does n't bark at all ! We bought refill sprays , but I do n't think we will need them . We only use the collar for a few minutes at a time , which may be one of the reasons why it 's been so successful for us but not other reviewers .
 The product has worked as described so far - sprays citronella whenever my dog barks . So far , I 've not experienced any problems with it . But , note that it 's not guaranteed to keep your dog from barking . My dog 's barking problem has been intermittent - she 'll have good days without barking at other dogs that are simply walking by . Then she 'll have bad days when she 'll go nuts . The effectiveness of the collar is dependent , in large part , on your dog 's personality .
 Once my Shih Tzu discovered how to bark , she never stopped . We didnt want to buy the shock collar , so this was perfect ! As soon as she smelled the citronella , she realized she didnt like it . The spray doesnt go in her face either which we like because we didnt want to hurt her , we just wanted her to shut up !
 I have a minature dachshund who is 10 mons . old . She barks at everything , people , cars , shadows , car noises , you name it and she barks at it . Yesterday I bought her one of these collars . I would never use shock on her . The first time she barked with it on , she looked surprised when she got sprayed and she quit barking . She barked two or three more times during the day and each time quit as soon as she got sprayed . Since then there has not been one peep out of her . We were over at my daughters when I went to the pet store to buy this -LRB- expensive ! $ 114.00 at Pet Smart -RRB- and put it on her . When we got back home I knew I 'd have a good test for the product . As soon as we would get out of the car she would normally begin to bark and bark and bark until we got in the apartment . With the collar on her and with only about 6 hours of wearing it earlier in the day at my daughter 's house , when we got out of the car , she did n't make one sound ... I am still amazed at how well this product works for my dog . Maggie , only weighs 71/2 lbs . and the collar does n't seem to bother her . She sleeps with it on and it does n't cause her any discomfort as far as I can tell . Unless something changes -LRB- and I 'm hoping it does n't -RRB- after using this for only 24 hours , my problem with the barking seems to be over.Nancy
 My dog barked when she was bored . Now she hardly ever barks , and when she does it 's just once and then she gets sprayed . The citronella does not harm her or upset her , which was one of the things I was concerned about . I think the collar mostly distracts her . I recommend this product because it offers consistent training without having to follow the dog around and yell at her .
 I purchased this for my Great Pyrenees who would always bark at night . You fill the reservoir with the citronella and place the collar around her neck . Every time she barks , it shoots citronella in her face . Well , it worked . She has stopped barking at night , which I 'm sure the neighbors are happy with .
 The collar really works . I have a 50 lb high energy pointer who would bark incessantly whenever I came home from work , and continue until I was ready to take him out . The collar keeps his baying under control . He has even learned that when I pick up the collar he needs to stop barking or its going on him . It has restored my sanity !
 I have been trained to generally avoid punitive measures with barking dogs , since I was informed of the problems with shock collars . But I have been corrected on this , many pet owners find that they have no choice , other than to get rid of the animal that they love . This was recently purchased by a client of mine on Amazon , for a dog that they had just moved from a backyard into a condo . It was going crazy all day from barking while they were at work , and they did n't want to cage it . The neighbors complained , and the usual training we do did n't take . Finally , they gave this a try , and the dog has been cured of its barking fits . I trust my client 's word on this , so I would perhaps try this product before using a shock collar . Just monitor your pet to make sure the collar is working as intended , no more , no less .
 An outstanding product ... my dogs -LRB- two 35 lbs mixed labs -RRB- stop barking inmediatly . Even today they stop barking with the only presence of the device -LRB- even without the charge or battery -RRB-
 My dog barks whenever I leave the house . She 's 7 years old so I was a little skeptical but I 've been using this collar for about 2 weeks and it seems to be doing the trick . I do turn it off when she 's outside .
 I have a shitzu/papillon mix with a huge barking problem . I was fined by my coop the very first day we moved in . I tried the traditional methods of desensitization with no success , if were were to receive 2 more fines we would be evicted . The citronella collar was the miracle we needed . It is gentle yet effective . My dog does not fear it at all , she kinda looks like '' oh okay no barking for now '' curls up and goes to sleep . I have heard it does n't work for all but than what fix does ? Definitely worth the try , it has worked for us for 4 years .
 This collar is fantastic so far . We have a 50 lb Vizsla/Weimaraner who was barking at the cows next door and waking our daughter up . It really only took 1 spray for her to get it . We only put it on her when the baby is sleeping but she already `` gets it '' and does n't bark when the collar is on.Easy to fill and use .
 I almost gave my rating 3 stars instead of 5 but I figured this would be unfair to the product and the manufacturer as this product worked well and did everything it promised ! It arrived safely and in great packaging , it set up easily , and it does work very effectively . The little `` spray box '' is easily loaded with the citronella spray . There is a switch to turn it on or off . It is `` one size fits all '' -LRB- except for the tiny teacup dogs , this would not work on them -RRB- and fits my Italian Greyhound , although being only 18 lbs and a skinny breed , it is large and slightly heavy on him.I just also want to give a word of warning to those who might have a similar dog/situation to me . This bark collar works almost too well ! I can recommend it , but just not for high strung little dogs.I have a 6 year old Italian Greyhound who is a happy , healthy dog . But a year ago we moved to a new neighborhood and our street gets about 10 pedestrians walking by an hour -LRB- moms with strollers or young kids , others walking their dogs , kids on bikes -RRB- , it 's a high traffic street for pedestrians . And my dog barks at every single one of them . AND we do n't have a back yard , just a fenced , huge front yard . IGs are high energy dogs and both of mine like to spend their days basking in the warm sun so they are outside quite a bit . But the constant barking at every single passer-by was getting SO OBNOXIOUS . I 've been worried that animal control will come inform me of noise disturbances -LRB- it 's happened before -RRB- and I also have two little ones who nap for a couple hours each day , which is precious time for me and I can not have my dog waking them up!So I decided to purchase this bark collar for my male Italian Greyhound who was the main offender . It works great , just like it 's supposed to ! Two barks and he got the idea . Unfortunately , he also got pretty stressed out over it . So I have to give a warning , this bark collar - even being humane and non-pain inducing , is still to be used carefully on high-strung little dogs . My dog is a happy barker , he does not bark at the pedestrians out of stress , he 's always happy and just saying `` hi '' . So i do feel bad trying to shut him up . We used this collar for about two days , but took it off after seeing he was under stress . He was so spooked he did n't want to go outside anymore and would pee on himself when we tried to force him out -LRB- poor guy -RRB- . Clearly this is not the solution for us ... Before you spend money on this product , which I can assure you is high quality , evaluate your dog . I 've worked with animals in the past at animal shelters , I know every breed is different . Just do some research first . I think this bark collar would be an excellent fit for a Labrador or working class dog . In fact , I think it 's a good fit for most breeds . But if you have a skittish dog , especially if it 's a small dog with high energy and sensitivity to loud noises - consider these all warning signs that this collar is probably not the best fit for your dog .
 Wow . What a great product ! My vet suggested this for my neighbor 's dog in lieu of a shock collar . Easy to fill with citronella , a very pleasant smell to humans . `` Snuggles '' barked twice , releasing the poof of scent toward his face . He did n't bark a third time ! Pretty much after that first day , he only has to see the collar to not bark ! Has associated it with jumping on people somewhat , too , as I put it on him for that , too.This remedy is worth 3x the price . A miracle of behavioral training .
 This collar worked super great on my chocolate lab . Actually unbelievably great.He rarely barks anyway , but sometimes on trash night when everyone brings their cans to the curb he barks a lot . Occasionally he 'll bark at night -LRB- but fairly rare -RRB- . We put on the collar only when he 's been barking too much , and I never heard him bark once - which seems weird , I assume he did when I did n't hear , as he sure knows not to bark -LRB- he had to have gotten sprayed at least once ! -RRB- . The only problem is , he hates for me to put on the collar and runs away when I try!The instructions said to train him by some commands , which it seems I never had time for . They also say to make sure the citronella does n't run out , so recharge before putting the collar on each time . I finally got around to refilling it after about two months of occasional use - and it was totally full still ! My dog just wo n't bark with this collar on.He was having a barking frenzy for 45 minutes the other night , I put the collar on , and instead of running back to the corner of the yard where he was barking , he just went into the dog house and was silent . The next morning , I found a mylar balloon in the corner of the yard - he does n't like balloons.Highly recommended , although I assume each dog will be different .
 I realize that every dog is different , but I can only report on my own . He was a prolific barker -- took great pleasure if barking at everyone and everything that would pass by on the street . Our dog trainer suggested that we try the citronella collar for this problem . I expected it to be somewhat effective but its really been nothing short of a miracle . I 've got to admit , the first few times using it was concerning because he was so frightened by the spray -- he 'd cower as if he 'd seen a ghost . But after a few days he got used to it . Best of all he was quiet . After just a week of use I already do n't find much occasion to use the collar because he 's become a relatively quiet dog in a short amount of time -- its like we 've tamed the savage beast ! I 'm sure that these type of extreme results are not the norm for most dogs , but this collar was worth every penny . Its like having a new dog ! Not only is he not barking so much but he 's also a lot less agressive around the house in terms of running around , playing or nibbling on visitors . If you have a yappy dog , this is definitely worth a shot .
 We adopted a very large Alaskan Malamute , Nannuq , from a young couple who could no longer care for him . The only training he had was he would sit on command and go to his crate on command . An unlike most Alaskan Malamutes this one is a barker much to our surprise . We hired a trainer to help us get control of him and she was the one who got us this Gentle Spray Citronella Collar . And ... it worked . Before the collar , we could not put the dog in the 12 foot by 12 foot kennel we have -LRB- and our last Alaskan Malamute was perfectly content out there watching the world go by -RRB- . This dog , Nannuq , would bark and howl . People could hear him on the next block -LRB- and we live in the country -RRB- ! We started to use the collar and now Nannuq stays in his kennel without barking and lays on the deck without barking . Sometimes we put the collar on him and forget to turn it on and he still does n't bark ! We are so happy with this product that we just ordered from Amazon the remote gentle shock collar -LRB- which sprays a burst of citronella when the remote control is pushed -RRB- . We are hoping this will help us to keep him from stealing items on the kitchen and bathroom counters , leave my outside plants alone , and in general behave better . Stay tuned for review ! One last thing , it is important to remember to always turn the collar to off when not in use . The batteries will not last long if you forget to do this .
 worked good when it works but broke after 2nd refill . Called company - sent back old one and received it plus an extra bottle of spray and treats for the dog one week later . Have n't tried the new one yet but good customer service ...
 I am very grateful to this product , because it solved the problem I needed solved -- it stopped my young lab from barking down the neighborhood every time we went out and she was left behind . For the first two weeks she did n't bark at all with the collar on , but after that she worked out how to bark more softly , survive the gentle spray , and discovered that eventually the collar ran out . Then she will bark , but still only once or twice . I check the collar every morning now , when I put it on her , and we are golden . I am so thrilled , because my neighbors were getting pissed and , to be fair , I did n't blame them . Totally worth it , and cheaper on Amazon than at my local petco , at least right now . Yes , it runs out pretty quickly -LRB- like every other day , it would seem -RRB- so once you see if it works I would go ahead and order some refills and extra batteries .
 My dog always barked at my husband when I was in our computer room and he was on the couch . I could n't get her to stop without keeping a leash on her . It really only took the first time for the collar and she actually just stopped . The second day with the collar on she moaned a second and was done . Has n't done it again since . Nice and quiet when I 'm on the computer now .
 I adopted a miniature pincher that had a lot of anxiety related barking when guests came to the house . His barking was extremely disruptive and none of our traditional conditioning methods seemed to work.On the first day of use , I put the collar on the dog a few minutes before I was expecting repair contractors to come to the home . They knocked on the door , he barked once , the collar sprayed and he stopped dead in his tracks and did not bark again . He figured out in 5 minutes , that barking created the strange experience . The rewards for `` good quiet '' reinforced the training.The results were nothing short of amazing . After a few weeks of training , the collar does not even have to be on the dog a simple `` pssst ! '' command from the owner stops his barking .
 The Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collars work very well even with 4 little yappers and it 's given us peace of mind to know we are not shocking the dogs anymore .
 This product came and the effect was immediate - has eliminated repetive barking when on and reduced it when off by me giving a verbal marker of `` do you want your collar '' which generally gets my dog to stop -LRB- but then she 's wicked smart , just willful -RRB-
 Our dog was a barker ! She would bark because planes flew over the house , a bird flew past her , a dog looked at her , whatever it was , she would bark . I spoke to our vet about the barking and she recommended the Gentle Spray , we felt bad that we were putting something on our dog that would spray her but we knew it was humane and wanted to give it a try before putting her on doggy Xanax . I put the collar on her and let her outside to do what she does best which is bark , within minutes a plane flew over the house and she barked a spray came out and she was shocked ! She began to back up and look confused , she stayed quiet for about 10minutes then another plane flew by and she grunted , no spray came out , I kept the collar on her for a few hours and she barked a couple times and at some point she realized that the spray happens when she barks . After 3 days of having her wear the collar on and off she is a happier dog , she does not have anxiety where she paces around the house or shakes or destroys her toys , she is a lot calmer . We are thrilled with the product and have recommended it to a few of our friends who have also had great success.Breed
 This collar is fantastic . My 1 year old beagle/spaniel mix , Macy , is a big barker . She has gotten worse lately , especially when she 's in our yard and people walk by with their dogs . She means well , tail wagging , but her bark sounds vicious ! It was starting to scare the kids in our neighborhood . Though I did n't want to do it , I purchased the shock collar for Macy . It 'd shock her when she barked but she would continue to bark right through it . It did n't prevent the barking . I figured the citronella definitely would n't work if the shock collar did n't but I was desperate . The citronella collar is AMAZING ! I really could not believe it . Macy reacted instantly with this collar and the barking -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- has improved tremendously . She barely makes a peep , even when dogs walk by . Just a hint if you 're on the fence about whether the citronella will work - Macy also had a very adverse reaction to the Bitter Apple spray . If your dog hates that spray , he/she may also dislike the citronella , as I think it has a similar affect . Citronella is the way to go ! And I 'm so glad that it 's not hurting my Macy .
 When I started working from home , I realized my dog would bark at anything that walked by . So I bought this product , and put it on her when she was outside.Within an hour , she would n't bark at EVERYTHING . Within 2-3 days , I did n't even have to put it on her anymore . It worked -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . When did n't it work ? When the evil man in the grey-blue uniform came and put bills in our mailbox . The entire driveway smelled like Citronella.Then it got wet -LRB- not sure if she drank from her bowl with it on ... or it was raining ? I do n't know -RRB- . Tried new batteries ... refilled the Citronella . Does n't work now . But she 's not barking , so it worked long enough.The only false-positive I had was when she was wearing it , and we were playing in the yard . I made a loud noise and it went off , scaring the dog . Completely my fault.It 's been 3 years , but if she starts barking at everything again , I 'd totally buy another one . I 'm actually thinking about buying one and sneaking it onto the neighbor 's dog -LRB- who barks ALL DAY LONG ! -RRB-
 I recently moved into an apartment complex with a 12 yr old terrier . I always thought barking was part of her breed . You can teach an old dog new tricks . By the second time I used the collar , she had decided that barking was not all it was cracked up to be ! It did n't harm her , it was a reinforcement that I did not have to be responsible for . We have both adapted only because the collar was so effective . I do n't have to worry about her barking , she has learned to live without barking . I use the collar intermittently for reinforcement . Ca n't believe I put up with all that barking for so many years .
 I have two wonderful ` mouthy ' Dobermans and these worked great ! As a matter of fact I do n't even turn them on anymore , just put the collars on them turned off and listen to the silence ... Ahhhhhh
 We mainly have a problem with our 1.5 year old pointer-mix barking in the car and it has been a hard thing to correct . After trying a bunch of things and talking with our trainer about it , we were still unsuccessful . She is a very smart and sensitive dog , so I did n't want to try a shock collar and thought this would be a good alternative . The first time , we drove to a parking lot where she always barks at people and she responded to the spray immediately and quieted right down . It did cause her to shake a bunch and jump in my lap , but she remained quiet . We have used it 2 more times and today , she did n't bark or make any noise in the parking lot at all , even though there were lots of people around . When we returned to the car after shopping , there was no citronella smell , so she did n't bark while we were gone either.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 b/c there is no sensitivity setting and sets off with any little noise she makes . I do n't mind her little groans and funny sounds , but there is no way to make it only spray at a bark . Maybe those little noises are a precursor to a bark , so the developers of this product might have it right ... I just feel really bad when she barely makes a noise and she gets sprayed.I will give it another week and then test her without the collar ... I am curious to see if she wo n't bark without it on !
 I ca n't believe this worked . I had very low expectations from a citronella bark collar but it was like magic .
 Buddy is a 50 lb mixed redbone coonhound with territorial aggression . Buddy use to ferociously bark at every dog , cat , or person who walked by our home . With the citronella anti-bark collar around his neck , I sometimes will hear a low , quiet growl , but usually no sound at all from Buddy . Half the time I leave the switch in the off position to lengthen the life of the battery . We live in a condo and I have twice been visited by animal control due to complaints from neighbors about Buddy 's excessive barking . Now , as long as I have the collar around his neck , I can let him sit on the balcony and leave all the blinds open without worrying about Buddy barking . Life is good !
 This collar works great with my dog . I only have to put it on him every once in awhile to keep him from barking . It only needs to spray towards him once then he stops with a little startle . But after that he does n't even need to wear it for a few days , I think he is not sure if he is wearing it or not . Then once he starts up again with any little noise I put it back on . Good on keeping him quiet with out hurting him . .
 Bought this for my 12 week old German Shepherd puppy who whines like a husky just for the hell of it . We needed to crate train her for when we were not home , and she would just sit in the crate and cry for minutes on end . I fitted the citronella collar on her and put her in her cage , and the first time that she whined loud enough to trigger the microphone , a mist hit the bottom of her jaw . I 'm glad it 's set up like this because it does n't get in her face or eyes , so it seems safer to me than a shock collar . She stopped whining loudly ever since that day . Took her a few mists . I keep the collar on her when we know we are going to leave the house , only to make sure that she does n't howl -LRB- I do n't want complaints from the neighbors -RRB- , but she has learned to only whine when she needs to be let out to relieve herself , and she has learned her whine needs to be low and not disturbing , which the collar allows for.Great product ! I 'd recommend it to anyone training a nosy puppy or considering an alternative to a shock collar !
 Like this a whole lot better then shock collars !! A + I wanted something nicer but HAD to do something about the barking ! GREAT deal ! Thanks !
 We have a 9 month old male yellow lab and this collar is working great . It has been three weeks and when the collar is on , there is no barking , there is very minimal barking with the collar off . This is a great and very humane product for dogs . We love it !!
 We bought two of these collars on 07/28/09 , we have four small dogs . Three are Chihuahuas and the other a Yorkie . I put one one our oldest chihuahua and he still barks and then licks the citronella ! The other on my female chihuahua and she barked once and has not barked again . Tonight I decided to try one on our Yorkie so I will let you all know what happens with her ! Our third chihuahua is the brother of the female the one who has only barked once , and he must realize what is happening because he even stopped barking and he does n't even have a collar on .
 I have a 7 years old fox terrier , super hyper and of course a barker , to the point that i 've been warned by neighbors to fix the problem or get rid of her ... I just got the collar and tried it on , went downstairs and as soon as I was going out she started barking and got sprayed , stopped ... barked again and stopped , she realized there was something wrong going on , and even tho she did n't stop barking for good ... -LRB- she even emptied the spray of the collar -RRB- she did n't even bark as much as she would normally do , that 's why i 'm giving 4 stars , and depending on her behavior on the future I 'll update and I 'm willing to give 5 if it works as it did on the first try .
 This product has really helped our little yapper . She has learned what it is so when it is on her , she knows not to bark . When its not on her , she knows she can be vocal ! It has helped to settle her down more quickly though when we tell her `` no bark '' when she 's not wearing it . The product does n't hurt her which is the reason I got it . I 'm very pleased with the product !
 This is a great product , I have three schnauzers and they are terrible at barking when people come to the door , I just put the collar on the loudest one and he stopped immediately , just wished I could afford three of them .
 Our dog had continually barked out the window at cats , other dogs , squirrels , etc. and we had very little luck in stopping him . His barking was at a point that it was driving us insane and we were at our wit 's end . We heard about these collars as a more `` humane '' alternative to shock collars and decided for $ 30 it was worth a try . It only took him barking with it on 2 times and the problem had stopped . The only negative is that he has figured out he can growl and the collar wo n't spray him . However , the growling is much more tolerable than the barking .
 We recently adopted 2 dogs who constantly barked at any and all people & animals when walking , and anyone who came into our home . They would get into a frenzy barking constantly and lunging at people . We decided to take them for training and the 1st thing the trainer recommended was the citronella barking collars . It 's the best thing ever ! It worked from the first time they barked with the collars on and they got the spray of citronella . Now when we walk them with the collars on , they hardly even look at anyone when passing . When people come to our home , we put the collars on & they do n't bark anymore .
 The difference in my dogs since using this collar is amazing . With one of them all I have to do no is show him the collar and he stops barking . The other dog is a bit more stubborn with his howling/growling but he still does not like the collar and will stop when sprayed a couple of times . The only drawback I have with these collars is when you have multiple dogs . We have four . When the bigger dogs bark around the little ones when their collars are on the still get sprayed . Poor puppies !! I am very satified with these collars and would and have recommended them to others .
 We wanted to try this product so that we would n't have to use the shock style anti bark collars . We were delighted that after one bark , our dog made the connection between barking and the spray . Most of the time we do n't even have to turn it on , she just knows when the collar is on , she 's not going to bark . It is more than worth the cost if you want to help your pet without the shock !
 I purchased this item after receiving several complaints in my apartment building because of my dogs barking . I was looking for some non-harming way to control her bark , so i found this product . It is amazing . Her bark is under control and I have no more complaints . The sent is nice as well .
 I have three dogs . A chihuahua terrier , miniature pinscher , and a queensland heeler . They are all great wonderful dogs but , my chihuahua and min pin bark non-stop all day long for absolutely no reason at all . I 've tried almost everything and using the collar was my absolute last resort . I did some research and seeing that there was a lot of positive feedback for this product I purchased it . So far it has lived up to its reviews . Within minutes of putting this collar on one of my dogs I could see that this was going to be effective . He barked three times and has not barked since . I have n't even placed the collar on my other dogs because they have n't barked either ! Most importantly my dog 's self esteem does not seem effected . We still play and have a great time only there is n't any barking . I take the collar off at night and they still do not bark . I 'm thinking within a few weeks my dog wo n't need it at all . I would definitely recommend this product to friends and family who have noisy dogs .
 I am very happy with this product . I do n't use it for extended time simply b/c we have an electric fence . When it is in use , it is almost 100 % effective -LRB- and gentle -RRB- . We have noticed less barking when not in use .
 this worked great . The collar is not harmful to my pet but works , we were traveling and staying at a hotel and I did n't want my pet barking non stop at strange sounds , I put this collar on and she did not make a sound .
 FINALLY !!!! I have relief from all of the barking . I have a 10 month old collie . Collies are notorius barkers . I put it on her , she barked and activated the coller . She had the most odd look on her face . . like what the heck just happened . Needless to say this is the only product that has worked . The only quandry that I have now is that my little Cairn terrier has figured out how it works and barks at her on purpose just to activate her coller -LRB- what a butthead -RRB- . Terriers !!! Ca n't live with them or with out them . Now doubt about it this is a ***** product . Do n't hesitate IT WORKS !!!!!
 I had just moved into a new condo with my 10 year old cockapoo . Within a week of living there my new neighbors were ready for us to move out . My dog would bark her head off , but only when I was n't home . Luckily a friend recommended that I get this collar . I was n't really expecting it to work since my dog is so old , but was out of alternatives . I am SOOOO happy I bought this . Within 30 minutes of her wearing the collar her annoying barks had turned to a very low grumble , within an hour she was n't barking at all . -LRB- We practiced with her by ringing the door bell -RRB- . It has now been 3 weeks and I put the collar on her when I leave for work and she does n't bark at all . One of my new neighbors stopped me last week to thank me for being so quiet and she asked me if I had gotten rid of my dog because she had n't heard her for 3 weeks . With the help of the spray collar , I guess you can teach an old dog new tricks !!
 This collar does exactly what it promises except that you need to train your dog as well . You need to teach him/her `` quiet '' and `` Bark '' before you use the collar . It also depends on the nature of your dog . Mind will be a guard dog ... I cant completely stop him from doing his `` job '' .
 This is such an excellent product , that it makes me think of the movie `` Beaches , '' and how sad and beautiful that motion picture really is . Which further inspired me to compose the following jingle for this truly superior collar : Ohhhh , oh , oh , oh , ohhh.It must have been warm there in the backyard , to always have sunlight on your face.I was content to let you bark , that 's your way.You always walked a step behind.So I was the one with all the pockets , while you were the one with all the treats.A beautiful mutt without a name for so long.A beautiful smile to hide the pain.Did you ever know that you 're too loud , dog?and I no longer want to hear you holler?I can spray you right in the face , dog , for you have the Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar.It might have appeared to go unnoticed , the present you left me upon the bed.I want you to know I know the truth , of course I know it.And my silence is messing with your head.Did you ever know that you 're too loud , dog?and I no longer want to hear you holler?I can spray you right in the face , dog , for you have the Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar.Oh , the Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar!You , you , you , you have the Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar.Whine , whine , whine high again , so high you can almost touch the sky.Thank you , thank you , thank God for you , the dog who I will someday name and potentially consider part of our -LRB- extended -RRB- family .
 Works good . Way better that a shock collar . My mother got one also , and said it worked fine on her dog .
 as long as your does n't like the smell of citronella -LRB- mine does n't , unless a deer is in our yard -RRB- , this is a great product . Any sound from him -LRB- louder than a loud growl -RRB- sets it off . Sprays towards his nose . Smells like lemon Pledge to me . It 's easy to refill with the butane style refill can . Battery lasts ~ 1 month - make sure to buy plenty of spares . Costs ~ $ 8 at Walgreens , but can be had for ~ $ 5.50 for 2 on Amazon . My last unit lasted only 2 years - prob should have lasted longer , but for $ 35 and peace and quiet ensues , I bought the same model again .
 Our dog , a ShitTzu , is confined to just part of the house because she continues to think carpet is grass . She barks a lot to `` get out '' especially when the cat jumps over the barricade . Nothing else stops the barking.The dog weighs just 11 lb - just adverse to using shock on such a small dog . The spray does not appear to discharge when she is barking - only when she is rapidly shaking a stuffed toy . However , the weight of the collar with the spray mechanism promps her to go lay down on her bed and stop barking.Now - just bring the collar into the dog 's sight causes her to run to her bed .
 Our 11/2 year old German shepherd/collie mix dog barked a lot before this spray collar & now we rotate when he wears it , when he does n't & if it is set to on or not . This way he is more confused if it is on or not . Overall , it has been a great help & is reducing the stress in our household . I would highly recommend this product . I would also recommend buying extra batteries . I bought an extra refill of citronella but I think -LRB- with my dog -RRB- I should have bought more batteries instead .
 We live on 6 acres with plenty of wildlife wandering through in the evenings . Of course , the dogs recognize the critters and the ` bark-fest ' begins . We used this citronella collar in years past , but lost it from snags on barb wire and other . After months of no collar , the dogs wised up and the barking returned , so we purchased again and are very please with improved version.The pro is our dogs recognized the reprocusions in barking , and decreased the barking only to human visitors . In addition , this newer version has an On/Off switch to save on batteries , and the battery door was relocated to top side to avoid dislodging like previous versions . More good news , we used to pay $ 90-100 for these collars . This is well worth the money at $ 33 . ConsThe batteries are not common and pricey at $ 8-10 each . I hope the on/off switch will permit longer battery life .
 I have a 3 years old Coon that I got from the SPCA , he normaly goes every wear with us but as usal there has been time he had to stay home , my neighbors complain , I bough this product only saw it been use 2 times our Coon got the message very fast now we can leave him alone and according to my neighbors there is no issues .
 Let me start off with a description of my dog and her behaviour . She is a 2-year-old Great Dane that I rescued last year . Very , very smart dog and very loving . I have two children and one of them is 5 years old . She is like a house cat in the house . She has had all the training needed , but walking her is not fun.Taking her for walks is a nightmare . I am 6 ' tall and around 240lbs and she can pull me no problem . Most of the time when she sees a dog , she goes crazy , by jumping , barking and flipping around . It is really embarrassing . Sometimes she does n't pay any attention to some dogs , but this is very rare . Before I got the spray collar , I bought her the Premier harness . She can still pull me with this harness , but not as bad with just a regular collar.The vendor shipped the collar really fast . I believe I had the product within 3 days.I have to admit , the collar worked nice and quick . She was on the porch barking like crazy , so I decided to try it on her . One quick spray and she was in shock . The real test was walking her , since I do n't mind her barking at home.We encountered a few dogs and she tried barking/lunging , but quickly stopped . One time , she got in two barks , but that is better than ten . My wife might actually be able to walk her this Summer.I gave it 5 stars , but the only problem or issue I noticed was , it will spray if another dog barks . Meaning , my neighbors dog and my dog were nose to nose and the other dog barked and both dogs got sprayed . :-RRB- So I would n't worry about that unless the dog is in your dog 's face , then he/she will get a surprise.For me , I will only use this collar when we go for walks . I do n't mind her barking at all when we are home . What is the point of having a big dog if she is n't going to bark and scare crooks away?This sounds unbelievable , but only after 2 days , she was sitting behind our glass door and two dogs walked by . She did n't have the collar on , but she just sat there and remained quiet . Normally , she would have rushed the door and done her thing.Some people complained about the smell , but I did n't notice anything and I think they have an unscented one available .
 I heard about this product from a friend and am glad I did . It has lived up to my expectations completely . My dog , a female schnauzer , consistently barked at all my neighbors each time I walked her in my condominium community , regardless of the number of times she encountered them . Since purchasing the anti-bark collar , she has learned that it is not acceptable behavior to bark at neighbors or other pets while she is on her leash with the anti-bark collar on . She is able to hold her expression to a low bark .
 It seems like working very well for the 10 minutes I tried on my puppy . However , the product itself feels very cheap , and the box was impossible to open with out a knife . .
 It really WORKS ! Rarely have I heard a second bark and now she does n't bark at times not wearing the collar where she would have before . It 's so great I bought a second one to have in the car , which is where she barks the most seeing other dogs . Makes the car smell good too ... Very satisfied , I would recommend to ALL dog owners .
 A NEIGHBOR TURNED ME IN BECAUSE MY MALTESES BARK A LITTLE . HE EVAN HAS A BIG DOG OF HIS OWN . THE HUMANE DEPARTMENT WAS GOING TO GIVE ME A $ 100 FINE FOR EACH OF MY DOGS . THIS COLLAR HAS WORKES WOUNDERS . AFTER A FEW DAYS THEIR BARKING WENT DOWN TO VERY LITTLE . NOW THEY BARK HARDLY AT ALL . WHAT A WOUNERFUL PRODUCT AND SAFE AND EASY TO USE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO HAS AN ISSUE WITH BARKING . THANKS FOR THE HELP . NO BARKING MY MISTY
 Wow , what a fabulous product . We got immediate results . My dog was a howler ! He barked at everything ... animals , leaves , wind , and sometimes at nothing at all . This product worked immediately . I wish I would have bought it months ago !
 We have a 15 month old wheaten terrier male that barked for attention at night . We tried the ultrasonic device that senses barking and emits a tone but that did not work at all . After a friend 's recommendation , we tried this citronella collar . Magic . Our pup gets startled and backs right down and stops barking . It also has a lasting effect ; when he is not wearing the collar -LRB- most of the time -RRB- , he is reluctant to nuisance bark now.No guarantee it will work on all dogs but definitely worth a try . Battery installation and refill procedure are simple . We 've had this collar for at least 3 weeks and are very pleased .
 Got the collar today and went ahead to try it on my 7 month old mini shnauzer which I rescued two months ago . The dog grew up in a cage with no social interaction . Every time i walk him he barks at people and goes crazy . today I put it on and he bark at someone and then instead of going crazy he actually wanted to play with the person . Then saw other people and sometimes either did n't bark , just walked by them , or wanted to be friendly with them . This is truly a miracle ! Recommend it to everyone . I will see if it fixes the barking . and by the looks of it 's fixing the anti socialism .
 Collar worked great , dog stopped after second bark then just sat & cried . Do n't suggest out doors with wind blowing as dog learned to turn her head and then barked .
 I have an older hound dog who barked -LRB- past tense ... YAY !!! -RRB- at every single noise he heard . We work the night shift and he was getting way out of hand with his barking during the day when we were trying to sleep . He no longer barks at a sound !!! I put this collar on him for about 4 hours a day over ONE weekend and he literally is CURED of his paranoid barking !!! If I think he may be leaning towards his old habit , all I have to do is put the collar on WITHOUT turning it on -LRB- because he thinks it is on and will NOT bark !!! -RRB- . It is a miracle and it is the first product I tried ! I HIGHLY recommend this collar . It is very humane and it WORKS !!! Our entire household is thrilled !
 If you 're dog is suffering from separation anxiety , as my dog does , his barking is not something this product will fix . Instead , you will find , his/her barking will simply become more frantic and desperate . The box says that on the back , but I was n't really aware of how true it was until I tried it .
 I absolutely love this product . We have two dogs , a maltese and a yorkie/shihtzu mix . The Y/S has a very low bark , and is rarely vocal , so we have not had to use it on her , but our Maltese loves to show everyone who the boss is . As soon as the collar goes on , we no longer have to deal with the loud barking/howling . This product does not work for the more quiet barks , but those do not disrupt others or our baby sleeping , so we are okay with them . If our dog does bark , it 's only one time . The citronella sprays very suddenly directly in his face . He does n't like the smell nor the fact he is being sprayed , so it works great ! Leaving only 4 stars due to the fact that it does n't prevent all types of barking .
 This worked so well on my 2-ish-year-old chihuahua mix that I rarely need to use it anymore ! I could n't bear to get one of the electric shock collars -- I would n't put a human family member through that sort of pain -LRB- well , except for that one annoying aunt who wo n't shut up ... -RRB- , so I wanted something pain-free . I originally got this because we moved to a new apartment and I did n't want to risk getting our new neighbors upset with our dog 's barking . Of course , moving into a new home is a nerve-wracking experience for any animal , so we waited a few weeks to see if the barking would stop after we settled in . We got this when her barking did n't subside , and it worked so well that we did n't need it by the next week.I tested it on myself -LRB- you just need to make a high-pitched noise into the metal sensor -RRB- to make sure it was really cruelty-free ... I 'm sure the dog and cat got a kick out of seeing my surprised face when that citronella got me !! The scent is very tolerable and smells exactly like the citronella OFF ! bug candles.Remember to turn the collar off when you 're not using it ! I accidentally left it on and drained the battery . Luckily 6-volt batteries are n't too hard to come by.I now only use this when anyone new comes over , or if she comes with us on overnight trips . Definitely recommended !
 I was reluctant to try this collar , because it 's not really positive reinforcement . But Benny 's barking and lunging at other dogs , bicycles , children , motorcycles , people in wheelchairs , push scooters , etc. had gotten so bad that walking him was anxiety time for me.The citronella collar is such an instantaneous distraction and he very quickly learned to ignore a lot of the things that would have caused him to go crazy before . Now going for a walk is relaxing and fun for both of us , and he seems much calmer overall.The only downside is that it is `` one size fits all '' and seems pretty heavy for a small dog . I used it on Benny for a few days without filling or turning it on , to acclimate him . Other dog owners see him with the collar and ask about it , and I heartily recommend it . Do n't wait any longer , hoping that your dog will stop his barking .
 We bought this collar for my 180lb mastiff who loves to bark at everything ; dogs , squirrels , leaves , air , etc. . . Within a few minutes of putting it on her neck , she was totally freaked out by the spray and stopped barking almost instantly . After only a couple days of wearing it , she was trained . She would make the barking motion with her mouth but nothing would come out . It was fabulous . Then , on the 3rd day , the cheap buckle on the collar broke off and she chewed the device to pieces within minutes . I emailed the company and explained how the buckle broke and how she chewed it up . They told me to mail the remaining pieces back to them and within a week , they sent me a brand new device !! I am definitely buying a better buckle for the collar though because it it not very durable . I am highly recommending this product because it works so well and the amazing customer service !
 It took less than 10 min . with the collar on , her full throated BARK became a tiny oof . As long as she has the collar on it 's oof , with out the collar it 's time to BARK . As soon as the collar comes out , oof , oof .
 Since my husband & I moved into a new home , our neighbors complained about our dogs barking during the day when we were at work . We tried a remote barking system with a high-pitched sound , which did absolutely nothing . Finally , after several friend referrals , I looked into the Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar . It works ! Our Dalmatian/Pointer Mix has lots of energy and this collar has ended her excessive barking . I only use it during the day when we are at work . It has also kept our Australian Shepherd mix from barking as well . He does not like the sound it makes when it sprays , so it has `` remotely '' cured his barking as well . When we get home from work , I immediately remove the collar from her and we have play time where they can run and bark ! I have also asked our local animal control officer if she has received any complaints since we have used the collar , and thankfully there have been none ! This collar works !
 It may not work for all dogs , but it worked on mine . They were barking at every little noise , people walking down the street 30 yards away from the living room window , and overwhelming company . Just two days of `` good '' , `` quiet '' praise , and lots of hugs and petting in conjunction with the collars and they behave wonderfully , only making small `` woofs '' and lots of low level `` talking '' . They 've found their `` inside '' voice !
 Works great ! Stopped the barking instantly . Humane way to correct a problem barker before making enemies of all the neighbors .
 We have a 3 year old 14 pound Cavachon dog and he has seperation anxiety and hyperactivity . We were on the brink of getting rid of him due to his barking . We tried everything from personal obedience instructors , shock collars , anxiety meds , ultra-sonic trainers , massive amounts of exercise , and read numerous books on dog training . Nothing worked.We borrowed this bark collar from a friend as a last resort , and it worked better than anything . Unlike the shock collars , it did not work him up even more when it was activated . It seems he knows he ca n't get worked up now , and not only does he not bark , but he does n't get as hyper.Amazon has the best price and free shipping so you do n't have to shop around . When we got our own it was very sensative and was spraying way too often . I called the company and they said some newer models have had this problem . They sent a new one out immediately .
 I got this product by a friends recommendation and it has worked very well . My puppy is n't a barker when you walk in the door but when someone is in the hall or when she wants to play . It has n't stopped her from completely barking -LRB- which I did n't want -RRB- but has stopped her from the inappropriate time .
 This works really well . I put it on my dachshound when we 're out walking , and all the barking is gone . The only minus is that the collar is only sound activated . But when this is said , I 've never had any problem with this . I only have to make sure that the collar is used under supervision.I can absolutely recomend both , the seller and the product .
 I bought this spray collar for my 17 month old puppy that is n't really a barker , but goes ballistic when there is a dog on TV . It was crazy . After one use of the collar , one spray , it was basically over . Now all I have to do is say to her , `` do you want your collar '' and she retreats . Should have bought this much sooner .
 I love this collar ! I bought it because one of my dogs barks all night long when it is windy outside . She loves to run , chase the leaves , and bark all hours of the night at virtually nothing . I initially purchased the outdoor device that makes a noise only the dogs can hear when they bark . It only worked 50 % of the timen when the dogs were in a certain area of the yard . It broke shortlythereafter . So far , I have had it on the wind barker twice . The first time , after her first bark and she was sprayed , she did not bark again with the collar on . The second time , once it was on , she did not bark at all . I guess she remembered the first time.I also like the product because it is not a painful device , I know because I sprayed myself by accident . Yes , I am a dork . I was trying to fill the collar when it was on the `` on '' position ... I do not suggest this ... It was more of a surprise than anything else and left a citrus taste/scent in my nasal passage . A little annoying but manageable.Bottomline
 It works . My dog -LRB- miniature schnauzer -RRB- would sit at the window and bark maniacally at people going by on the sidewalk , cats , squirrels , etc. . We tried saying `` no bark '' and spraying her face with water when she barked with no difference in her behavior . The citronella collar worked right away . Only problem is , you have to remember to take the collar off when you want to play with her because if she play-growls it will go off .
 Within the first few hours of our dog -LRB- small terrier/bichon mix -RRB- wearing the collar , she stopped barking . She also seems a bit more subserviant and docile . It was amazing.The only problem we 've had is when we get close to her and happen to talk a bit too loud , the collar will sometimes `` go off '' . All in all , very pleased with the product . Highly recommend it .
 I adopted a dog from the shelter , and he was perfect , except ... He had terrible separation anxiety and would n't stop barking whenever he was left at home alone . Although we 'd been working with some positvie dog training we had a neighbor upstairs so we had to do something about the barking ASAP . The collar worked like a dream , when it was on ht would n't bark at all , and the best part is after a couple of months we did n't even have to use the collar at all , now he stays quietly on the couch all on his own .
 This collar is great ! My dog 's behavior has improved after wearing this collar . It does what it 's said to do . I think it could be too heavy for a dog less than 15 pounds .
 This product works wonders on my dog who was an excessive barker . One quick spray of the citronella scented spray is enough to stop her in her tracks .
 This collar is working really well for my Yorkie . I put in on him at night so that he wo n't bark because we live in an apt . complex . He has learned not to bark when the collar is on . Only down side is that he figured out how loud he can wine and grumble without setting it off . Overall I think it 's a wonderful alternative to the shocking kind that I just could n't bear to put on him .
 We have a 1 year old miniture dachshund who loves to bark at anything that moves outside . We tried this collar based on comments from our vet . Used it for three days so far , and it has worked great . His barking has stopped when its on . Will see how it goes over the next weeks as we praise him for not barking , and hopefully get to the point where the collar is no longer needed .
 i ordered the collar because i wanted to train my dog not to bark while outside . the collar itself worked great , at least on me :-RRB- , but not so well on my dog who has folds of skin around his neck . i ended up selling it to someone else and it worked well on their dog .
 Wow -- we have been using Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collars on our pups going now on about two to three years . The current Collars with an on/off switch seem to be substantially more reliable ; we only need to replace batteries which are easily obtainable ; we have not needed to replace the unit itself . We find the Collar , of course , works best when it stays filled with the Citronella Spray , so we check the collar and refill it more than once a day . Our pup still barks with this Collar on which is great -- we still have a great watch dog , but this Collar has pretty much stopped seemingly unnecessary nuissance barking . When we take the Collar off to refill the Citronella spray , we bark through the Unit to check battery life -- this has become an important habit for us -- so , we know our pup is wearing a Collar fully ready to handle that next barking opportunity . -- Our 4-star rating simply affirms that yes , one of our pups , who has since gone on to dog heaven , at the ripe young age of 18 , decided if he would bark long enough at one stretch , the citronella spray unit would become empty , then he could bark with no citronella spray outbursts -- this is true , unless one tailgates such a pup with a Citronella Spray canister in hand continuously . However , other reviewers have had one or both of these experiences , too . Not everything is all ways perfect . -- We , however , are pleased with our Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar on our watchpup and its overall performance , easy refill and easy battery replacement . -- And , ordering this Premier Gentle Spray Anti-Bark Dog Collar , and the Premier Citronella Refill canisters , and the Premier replacement batteries , from Amazon.com , offers VERY competitive pricing , and so far , protectively packaged timely shipments .
 I have a 9 pound maltipoo that barks at EVERYTHING . This is the only thing that works ! we only put it on her if we are not home , otherwise we just correct her with a spray bottle . I just recently changed the battery after a year of use . Even if this product eventually does n't work I will gladly by another ! Highly recommend for dogs with anxiety that constantly bark when left alone .
 My little rescue dog , a shih tzu ... . barks and barks and barks at everyone and everything ! Was driving us all crazy . When I put this collar on , she 's QUIET ! Have n't had it long enough yet to know if this will &#34; train &#34; her to NOT bark on her own . But at least we now can keep her quiet when we have guests over .
 Bonnie , my moms short hair Chihuahua -LRB- 13lbs -RRB- from barking at everything that moved or making up things to bark at . she would go nuts when ever my Rottweiler came into site , if the dogs next door barked so did she . she barked at my tractors dump cart , you name it she barked at it , day night , the cats everything . saying no did n't work using a water bottle to spray her giving treats the sec she shut up did n't work . ignoring her did n't work . when my dog got tired of listening to it she would bark back and lunge -LRB- after some time -RRB- we even tried a training class and seeing if we could socialize her with other dogs , no joy she learned a few tricks but still wont shut up.then i put this on her , and i walked away . 4 hours later not a sound . i wondered if she was sleeping . nope . she was with my mom who had a big smile on her face . i got my dog and walker her thou the kitchen and out the back door . -RRB- ill i heard was gerrr ... the beginning of a bark and spray . she stopped instantly . 15 min later i walked her back in , same result she started to make a little noise and the collar triggers and she shuts up . so far its worked beautifully , not a sound out of her , mom took her dog out the front door i could tell she wanted to bark but she did n't even try and the collar was not firing off either . i wish we had gotten one of these last year !
 We have a cocker spaniel , who barked a lot at strangers , or noises outside that he thought were people walking up the porch . Anyhow , we put the collar on him the first night we got it , had some friends over , he got sprayed a few times , and then he stopped barking . We were hoping it would be that easy , and it was . This works like a charm . The spray smells fine to people , not offensive or anything . This is working great for us , would highly recommend it . Funny sidenote
 I have a King Charles Spaniel and he loves to bark at ... things . People walking by the front door , horses on TV , people with 80 's hair styles etc. . Most of the time this was just annoying , but when I work from home this is completely unacceptable . I had initially purchased a shocking type collar , but after testing it on myself , I decided I did ' t want to do that my dog . Then I purchased this device and I have to say , I 'm pretty happy.Once I put this on my dog , he instantly becomes a well behaved non-barking cuddle pooch . It has made working from home possible for me.After the first couple of times getting sprayed , we do n't really turn the device on , he knows what happens and just assumes it 's on . Probably saves the battery too.One thing I would recommend is to reward your dog for putting this collar on . Try not making the collar a `` reaction '' mechanism . ie . he barks , put the collar on him . It will make your dog fear the collar and run every time you try to put it on him/her . Instead , give your their favorite treat for putting the collar on . Reinforce the positive behavior and it will stem much of the barking and your dog will be excited to wear the collar.Thanks !
 We have a 3-year-old miniature schnauzer who has always had a barking problem . She used to stand at the sliding glass door and bark at anything and everything that moved . When outside , she barked almost non-stop . This drove us crazy , and probably drove our neighbors mad . I found this citronella spray collar and decided to order it to see if it would help . It was very easy to set up . The first time we put it on our dog , she went outside and immediately tried to bark , like usual . When the collar sprayed into her muzzle , she was so scared I think she probably wet herself . Needless to say , this collar works amazingly well . Our dog does n't even have to wear it anymore -- if she barks once or twice outside , I take the collar out and show it to her while saying `` No bark . '' Her little legs start to shake and the barking stops immediately . She is terrified of it ! She is a different dog , and I am not stressed about her barking anymore ! This is possibly the best $ 30 we 've ever spent . It may not work for every dog 's personality , but it instantly did the trick with ours .
 works well , dog still in training so do not know how long it will take for him to stop barking have been useing for 3 months then ran out of spray so make sure you have exta 1 on hand ,
 Our English Cocker lost his sight and developed a constant barking problem several months later . This collar worked at once . He stopped barking completely by the next day . NO DISTRESS for the dog . Hard to believe it , but it really works .
 When we let our dog outside he does a soft test bark to see if he gets sprayed . If he does he 's quiet the rest of the time if not he starts barking like crazy every time he sees or hears something.This still good for us because I put it on him every morning and every night when I let him out and I do n't have to worry about him waking up the neighbors .
 We use this collar on one of our dogs , Cooper , who was a constant barker . The collar is highly effective and at the same time , very humane . We were n't sure Cooper would learn to stop barking with the collar , but we gave it a try anyway and it worked great . It only took one or two sprays and he quickly learned that if he barked , he would get sprayed . He does n't like the spray so whenever the collar is on , he does n't bark at all . We remove the collar during the day to allow him some bark time and we have noticed that even though he does bark now and then without the collar , his barking is not as excessive as it was before we started using the collar . I highly recommend this anti-bark system because if it works on Cooper , I have confidence it will work on other dogs as well .
 Exactly as described . Great product at much cheaper than in stores . Works well . I strongly recommend for training . Thanks !
 Recently moved into a home with a backyard full of cats , squirrels , deer and any other type of animal . . My dog was used to apartment living so he barked constantly at all his new found friends . This collar was a perfect answer to our prayers . He stopped barking immediately !!!!!! We now do n't even turn the collar on and he is as quiet as a church mouse . My dog is a bichon frise . . Thank You so much !!!
 the collars are working great on my three dogs ! I feel so much better knowing that I do n't have to resort to a much harsher electrical alternative . One of the collars had a small leak in it and Premier sent another brand new one with no questions asked just requested the broken one back -LRB- they paid the shipping -RRB- .
 This is the second anti-bark collar I 've bought and I find that it works great for my dog . The other type I have is a remote control device which is good for things besides barking , but this one does the job just fine . It only took a couple of sprays before she realized that if she 's quiet , she wo n't get sprayed so all I have to do is put it on her and not even turn it on any more .
 I bought a few of the Citronella anti-bark collars , but I must have over filled them because the seal broke and they begun to leak . But true to their word , Premier offers free replacements so I got the new -LRB- refurbished -RRB- ones in the mail and they worked fine . They also sent me a free can of citronella spray to make up for any that leaked out . And I did n't even have to present my original receipt.My neighbors have stopped complaining and I 'm not afraid to leave the house anymore.And the dogs smell lemony-fresh ! I definitely recommend this product.And I definitely recommend buying it from Premier.Good luck with your barking dogs !
 The scenario
 Two small dogs barking every time we left home to do errands.Our Vet suggested the Citra spray collar and we tried several.Premier was by far the best . Absolutely no barking after being sprayedonce . Although they stopped working after a short time the customerService Dept sent new ones right away . These things work !!
 I came close to losing my apartment because my dog was such a barker . I bought a shock collar at the suggestion of everyone , and she barked right through it , Bark , yelp ! Bark , yelp ! She has a burn mark on her neck as proof of her stubbornness . Long story short , I bought this with low hope but was tired of hurting my dog.My house has been silent all day . One spray was all it took about 30 seconds after I put it on her . She has been pouting on her bed all day , glaring at me , but I think that will pass . So so so happy .
 This product appeared to work well , and was recommended to me by a dog training professional . I can understand and see where this product would work but it did not have any effect on my dog . He gets very anxious and excited and incessantly barks at the neighbors dogs . I got this product to try and prevent this from happening since he will not stop for hours . This product did not even slow my dog down from barking . In the beginning when I filled the collar he did not like it and acted kind of shy , but once he was used to the smell it had no effect . When he would bark and the collar sprayed him he would on shake his head , maybe sneeze and start coughing . All the while he continued to bark at the neighbors dog . After just a few days of use I have had to stop using this collar because my dog was coughing all the time , sneezing constantly and I was afraid it was going to start harming him . I will have to try another route for his anxiety and barking . For dogs that are not overly anxious this would be a great product . I think personally I need to upgrade to the collar with a remote and try to train him before being sprayed that the remote beep means stop . This might have better luck .
 Worked great for my Doxie mix -LRB- 25lbs -RRB- and Maltese -LRB- 4lbs -RRB- . Only took a few sprays to make an impression . Now I only have to put the collar on during times they are prone to bark/howl ... do n't even have to turn it on !
 This `` No Bark '' Dog collar has worked really well for us . I 'm really happy that they have a safe product that works ! We used it during 4th of July and it really calmed my American Eskimo down and he did not try to bark at all ! It was truly amazing . One thing we do when we use the collar to help our our dog to understand why we are putting on the collar is that we tell him before we use it . For example , we 'll say , `` No Barking '' and put on the collar on and say `` Bark '' when we take it off . This process tends to help him understand what 's going on . I would recommend this product to people who are looking for a safe way to calm and help their dogs understand that they do n't have to bark at EVERYTHING !!!
 It stopped our little 20 pound terrier mix from her constant yapping after putting it on her . After her first bark while wearing outside it triggered the spray and it was over ... no more barking ! Enough said ? it worked as described . Just buy it to keep you and your neighbors happy and sleeping soundly and eliminate all that hate email from them !
 I ordered this item for my dog in December and it has worked wonderfully . It is July and I am only now ordering a refill . It took a little while between when I ordered the collar and when I received it because of the shipping restriction . Since it is a chemical spray it can not be transported by air . It has to go by ground . It was well worth the wait ! My dog was not traumatized by the spray , the spray is not harmful to her , and my neighbors and I are much more relaxed without the excessive barking .
 I purchased this collar to use with my 5 year old bulldog-terrier mix named Zu-Zu because her constant barking was a problem while we are staying with my parents over the summer . They were afraid of the neighbors complaining or even calling the police over the disturbance , not to mention the headaches and lack of sleep caused by her barking . I had tried a beep/shock collar in the past , but it was not very effective because I could not monitor her closely enough for it to be consistent and never really liked the idea of using shock . I decided to try a spray collar because it seemed more humane and the automatic spray feature would make the correction more instant and consistent.The collar was easy to get started with , and the first day we noticed a huge difference in Zu-Zu 's barking . I have been using the collar with her for a few weeks now , refilling it when necessary . The collar still works great , and her barking is no longer a problem . We can now even have guests over without Zu-Zu barking at them . My parents were so impressed that they borrowed it to try on their own dog , a great dane . After seeing how it worked well on him , they are now ordering a spray collar for him as well.I had hoped that the collar would work with Zu-Zu 's growling as well , but the growling does not trigger the collar , only barking . I have NOT noticed the spray going off by itself or being triggered by nearby dogs ' barking at all . Overall , I am very thankful for this collar because I no longer have to hear , `` Carla , ca n't you make her be quiet ?! '' and Zu-Zu is learning to control her barking and is becoming a calmer , happier dog as a result .
 My dog is a maltese/scottie who used to bark at EVERYTHING . He hates the neighbors and he would never stop barking if they were outside at all . He would even bark when there were dogs on tv . Now he knows better than to bark . He just sits and watches the neighbors or the tv . He has never been hurt by the collar , just shocked . When it sprays he looks for the spray . I would definitely recommend to anyone .
 My 4-year-old terrier mix would bark every time I left my apartment and every time she heard me coming in , given that I am living in apartment , I needed to get this barking situation under control . I decided to purchase this collar with a little bit of hesitation . I was skeptical that it would actually work on her , but it did ! And I am SO thankful . No longer fearing that neighbors will complain about her barking has definitely decreased my stress level ! It may have been a success for me due to the fact that my dog is startled easily , so when she barked and the citronella shot out , it startled her and she did n't like it . Now when I come and go , I barely hear a sound out of her . Granted , sometimes a bark or two slips through , but that is fine , she 's a dog , dogs will bark -- at least it is n't the annoyance of her yippy barking anymore . I definitely recommend this product , but honestly , I think it comes down to the dog itself to determine whether it will work for you or not .
 This collar was a lifesafer for my daughter 's new dog , who suffered from separation anxiety.Her first time alone , while my daughter was at work , she barked , and barked and barked . The landlord called my daughter and told her to come home from work and to do SOMETHING ! We tried calming collars , the shock collar , CDs , thundershirts , leaving her for short periods of time , etc. and nothing worked ! We were afraid that she was going to have to get rid of her dog ! -LRB- Well , not exactly true ... we both volunteer at an animal shelter and we decided I would take the dog in if we could n't figure something out -RRB- ! So I researched products and since Tipper , her mixed spaniel mutt , did n't like water sprayed in her face when she was barking , I quickly ordered this product and IT WORKED ! No more barking when left alone , hearing a slight noise , etc. . Now , she will occasionally `` whimper '' when my daughter comes in the door , and that sometimes will make the collar go off , and then she 'll be quiet . She does n't like the spray , and right now , the collar is `` empty '' and she still does n't bark ! YIPEE !!! I would suggest first try spraying your dog with a watermister when he/she is barking , if they hate that , then this product probably would work for you . ! I 'm so glad we tried this , otherwise my daughter would of been heartbroken to have to give up her new dog !
 I have a standard poodle who rushes the door barking . Her bark is soooo loud and scary and she does it to family members and me even when she knows it 's me . I finally got this collar and I 'm using it to train her not to bark at the door bell or knocking . So far it works really great . But she knows when the collar is off . Smart dog . So it 's going to take some time . I highly reccomend the collar .
 Amazed at how well this has worked . It has a pleasant smell and stops my dog in his tracks with his barking . Now I do n't even have to turn it on , we can just put it on him and he wo n't bark . He has always been known for his extremely loud annoying non stop barking , not anymore . It is humane , he is not injured or traumatized . He actually seems happier , and we are for sure . Thanks Premier ! Wish I had it yrs ago , well worth the money
 This product worked just like advertised . However , it is only good for about 25 barks , which my dog used up in the first hour of wearing it . But it worked so well that all we have to do now is show him the collar to get him to stop barking . Now he smells lemony-fresh too , LOL .
 This no-bark collar worked so well the first time that I used it , I kicked myself for not having bought it sooner ! It took only two barks before my dog decided not to do so again . Now , after a month , I can let her outside without the collar and she stays quiet - the neighbors love this collar too !
 I bought this after carefully reading many reviews and saved a lot of money than purchasing it at a local pet store . It needs refills about once a week , but I have had it over a month and have yet to need a new bottle . The batteries were replaced once and periodically need to be taken out , cleaned and placed back . The collar is much too large for smaller dogs , so I cut it . If company comes over and at night when the dog is inside , we take it off .
 I like this item , I have really seen an improvment in my dog 's barking . However one thing I did not like is the fact that if you leave it on in the house , it squirts citronella all over the house .
 My grandma 's 10 year old Yorkie just would never shut up . He barked at our cat , at our parrot , and anything that moved really . We bought this collar , and it worked perfectly and immediately . One bark and it sprayed , and he would go running off ... and stop barking ! I felt kinda bad for him , but his reaction was hilarious . I could n't stop laughing at him , poor thing . However , he did learn that if the collar was n't on , he was n't going to get sprayed , so he would bark .
 I 've waited a few months to write this review just to make sure the product lasted . To say that I 'm happy with the outcome is grossly understated . We have a 3 yr old male maltese , who 's great with us , but an absolute PITA to neighbors and guests . All he would do is bark and growl like he wanted to kill people . It was embarrassing and was a big problem in our house . I do n't like untrained dogs . And I really do n't like yappy little dogs . Well , mine was both.We bought the Citronella collar thinking it would n't work and we 'd have to move to the shock collar . Boy was I wrong . Within one day our little guy stopped barking and growling . UPS , Fedex , no barking . I could n't believe that something like citronella would stop this behavior.I actually felt bad for our dog not doing this earlier . It 's like he was waiting to be trained and we failed to properly train him.It 's been 3 month since we got this and now we only use it when we know guests are coming over . Yes , he 'll occasionally bark , but then he gets sprayed and stops.We 're big fans of Premier GentleSpray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog Collar !!!!
 I had a petsafe shock collar . My stupid lab mix would shock herself , yelp , then keep barking and shocking herself . She was obnoxious when we were n't home and still pretty bad when we were home and she had the collar on . With this one , it worked pretty much from the first squirt . She barks briefly maybe once a day now and only when she does n't have it on . The downside is it is very sensitive and sometimes goes off because one of my other dogs barks or because she sneezes . But she learned quickly to get far away when one of the other dogs barks . She is so much more pleasant now , and consequently spends more time nearby and gets more affection , plus she never yelps from the awful shock collar . We also have followed suggestions included and do positive reinforcement when she stays quiet and does n't bark at things she used to . She 's like a different dog and it 's wonderful !
 I have a small yorkie ; 6lbs exactly ! I purchased this collar for his nuisance barking . He yaps constantly , when I pick the phone up , Skype , have guest over etc ! I was at the point where I stopped inviting people over , talked outside of my house , and locked him in rooms and became oblivious to his barking -LRB- however my neighbors did not ! -RRB- . . My friend recommended citronella to me . I tried it , and after the first week , I can honestly say it has been the best decision I have made ! As soon as I snapped it on he automatically did n't like it , and just paced . When he barked , it sprayed and he stopped barking . I called my mom and for the first time had a conversation without my dog interrupting . Had guest over to eat and despite minor growls and clawing , he eventually went and played with himself . This collar has been a blessing ! Most times if he is barking in a nuisance manor , i snap it on , he stops , and I am able to take it off within 10 minutes and he behaves himself .
 Great for apartment living situations -LRB- close neighbors -RRB- . A life saver . It works bottom line ... We were totally frustrated ... I already paid 60 bucks for the ultrasonic thing you plug in , and that was hit or miss and not reliable.And the TV would set it off . This collar got the landlord off my back immediately ! A few months prior my girlfriend moved in with me and brought her min-pin . At the age of 9 years old my 50 pound , well trained , mixed breed dog was never a barker . Suddenly both became barkers -LRB- mail man , gardener , gates opening-closing , other dogs barking , etc. . -RRB- They acted like a pack running the place . The moment I walked in the door they stopped , but while I was gone it was a mad house according the the neighbors.My girlfriend already had an older version of this type of collar that she began using again for her dog . We thought this would solve the problem . It did for her dog but ... Too Late ! Too much time had passed and now my dog would not drop the barking . I bought this and we put this on before work , that evening when I came home she lightly barked once , I smelled the faint citronella as I came in . She shook her head in annoyance a couple times . The next night , no barking at all from any dogs . Still excited and happy to see me , but -LRB- no barking at all -RRB- . My girlfriends collar for her dog has a large nodule that sticks into her dog throat area to sense vibrations , and looks uncomfortable for her small dog . That one is made by PetSafe and she paid 80 bucks for it . This one is perfect form fitting around my dogs neck and is not uncomfortable for my dog at all -LRB- lays flat against neck -RRB- . My girlfriend is now buying this brand because it works so well and will fit her dogs neck so much better . I love it , my dog is back to her normal self . I can tell in a month or less I will probably not need this thing at all . She already is over the novelty of barking at anything . Its a great tool . We may never be able to leave her dog alone without it , but my dog has already learned she is not interested in being sprayed but something that smells so strong . ** UP-DATE ** I dropped it two stars from 5 to 3 . Here 's why ... After a month or so the collar began to go off with no warning -LRB- no noises -RRB- no barking , or anything -LRB- I changed the battery twice and made sure it was not overfull -RRB- . But , It would just randomly spray my girlfriends dog . We we attemtped to return it , Amazon would not accept a return since it is considered a `` hazardous '' material . So , we were out of luck . Fortunatly it did work well enough we only need it on on one dog at this point , Since mine was now re-trained not to bark thanks to the collar , so we put the good one on the dog that needed it . The other one will just continue to be a back-up if needed . In the end it was way cheaper than at the store , and worked , but you cant return it when defective . Still a great tool for training .
 Alright . I was unbelievably skeptical before I bought this . I was already formulating the things I would say to the company to get my money back when the product did n't work.My dog is 60 pounds and the most hard-headed , energetic dog I 've ever met -LRB- which is saying a lot , since I work in the veterinary field -RRB- . I bought this out of desperation after multiple confrontations with the neighbors , the last of which they said , `` You better do something about that barking if you want to keep your dog around . '' Yikes . So , being familiar with the Premier brand , I went with this product . I have had the product for just 1 day . My dog is very impatient , and if her toy is on the counter and she wants it , she will bark IMMEDIATELY . I tested the collar by putting her toy up there , and she barked -- instantly , the collar sprayed and she looked around , very confused , but did NOT try to bark again . I gave her the toy for a bit , then took it away and put it back on the counter . She did n't bark , just stared . She started playing with my other dog , and gave a little play bark , and the device sprayed . She had the same reaction and did n't bark again ! The real test will be when she 's in the backyard , where she barks at every animal -LRB- squirrel , dog , rabbit -RRB- that passes by , as well as any pedestrian that walks by on the sidewalk . I will update this to see how it works outdoors , but I am EXTREMELY satisfied by the immediate results!The only complaints that I have , and the reason that I did not give the product 5 stars at this time
 When we adopted my lab/shepherd mix she suffered from severe separation anxiety . Whenever we left the apartment , she would HOWL , non-stop , at the top of her lungs . We know this because of the many noise complaints filed against us . Desperate to fix the problem , and avoid eviction , I found this product on amazon . It was what I needed - punishment for something that happened when I could n't yell NO!It worked perfectly . She has since COMPLETELY stopped howling while we are gone . Now we do n't even have to put it on her when we leave - she 's gotten the point -LRB- and hopefully by now , 8 months later , she knows we 'll come back -RRB- . In reading the reviews before I purchased , I noticed that whether the collar works depends on your dog . My dog has a loud bark/howl/whine , so the device catches it and sprays her . My dog is also VERY receptive to spray punishment . I do n't know if it 's the citronella that bothers her or if it 's just that she 's getting sprayed . She hates it either way.In conclusion , this product worked VERY WELL for me , and is the only reason I 'm still in my apartment . I knew I was taking somewhat of a risk that it would n't work when I purchased it , but I 'd say it was well worth it .
 My dog has a thunderous , loud bark that when expressed makes me just about jump out of my skin . My automatic reaction is to yell -LRB- as is my husbands -RRB- or to put him in a time-out -LRB- which I think he likes -RRB- . We 've been in this increasing cycle for a little over a year . The trainer says to `` ignore it '' . What ? How in the heck do you ignore a dog that is out in your yard , hanging over the fence , barking like mad at the little kid or old lady walking down the road ? - He 's not being vicious , he wants them to stop and say hi , but who wants to say hi to a dog that sounds like he wants to eat you ? - Or how do you ignore the dog that out of nowhere starts barking at 10:00 at night when your daughter is down the hall finally asleep ? In our house it 's impossible.After a particularly bad day I looked at my husband and said , `` it 's time to find a bark collar '' . He did his research and came up with this . We tapped out fingers while we waited and when it arrived in the mail we rejoiced ! Yes , the first time he barked and was squirted it was sad . He had no idea what just happened and laid quietly by my feet the rest of the night . -LRB- Note
 I order 3 of these collars off line beacause they were $ 89 each at our pet store and I didnt want to spend $ 300 for something that didnt work . I have two Rat Terriers -LRB- known for Barking -RRB- and a Lab -LRB- know for her Attitude -RRB- our neighbors were complaining about barking two much . This fixed the barking within 3 days at the most . The neighbors even have come over to say thank you . I am so glad this works . Easy instructions also . If you have barking issues you need to get these collars .
 I bought 2 collars , one for a border collie and another for a dalmatian . For the border collie , it worked great ; no problems whatsoever.For the dalmatian , her collar would seem to spray randomly which confused the poor girl . It sprayed when she drank water , walked on gravel , and for no apparent reason . We adjusted the collar multiple times without much improvement . We switched the dogs ' collars . Curiously , both collars seem only to malfunction when on the dalmatian but not the border collie.What finally helped was putting an address label over the microphone . This reduced its sensitivity and now it only sprays when she barks . It 's been 2 months and we have a nice quiet bark free home . It also worked great to stop their barking when in car . They used to be bark-a-maniacs when we drive by other dogs . Now they just look with blissful silence . If you have barking dogs , this collar is worth a try .
 These collars were recommended to me by my veterinarian who uses them on her two dogs . I have two dogs
 Very satisfied with the pet safe collar . Just the site of this collar and my dog knows not to bark . We only use it 20-30 minutes a day and it only took a few minutes to let him know spraying would get him sprayed . Even if be growls he will get sprayed and it has stopped a nipping problem in the bud for us . If he ca n't growl , he ca n't bark , if he ca n't bark , he wo n't wind himself up to nip . My dog I a 11 pound mini schnauzer -LRB- who thinks he 's a 120lb vicous attack do -RRB- who is a super sweet dog until the doorbell rings .
 I have used many bark collars in the past for my Min Pin mix -LRB- 4 lbs -RRB- ... the shock collar made is neck swell the beep collar only worked for about a week before he did n't care anymore about the beeping . I ordered this Spray collar about a month ago I am really happy with it . It works well and he has stopped barking when the collar is on . I do wish the box was a bit smaller as my dog is pretty little but other than that I do like it . For the price I would say try it out if you have a smaller dog that just wont stop barking. :-RRB- B
 I have always had big dogs as pets
 I recently bought a dog collar through Amazon that is battery operated and fits around the dogs neck like a normal collar but has citronella that comes with it and you fill the device that hangs around the dogs neck . The vibration from the dogs throat sets off the spray and it sprays a citrus smelling vapor in front of his face and nose . I have a miniature poodle who is 6 years old and for 6 years barks whenever I leave him in the car , whenever anyone comes over , whenever he sees anyone on the street , whenever someone is eating and he wants some . I mean , it was bad ... and my fault that I never addressed it sooner . I did not have high hopes for anything working this late in his life after barking for 6 years pretty much uncontrolably . I investigated all of the products I could find online and found this to be the most humane and least harmful to the dog . I can not believe how well this has worked . Kobe , my dog , who barked at everyone who came to the door ... and I run a guest house in Provincetown , no longer barks when I leave him in the car at the store , no longer barks when someone comes to the door , no longer barks at anyone on the street . I had him wear it for about 4 or 5 days from when he got up until when he went to bed at night . One day , he was laying on me on the couch and started snoring so loud , it set the spray off and he jumped up and sat on my shoulder and looked around as if to say , `` what the hell just happened ?! '' . This product is amazing and I do n't know that it would work for any dog but I sincerely have to tell you that I had no hope for Kobe ! Ask any of my friends !! Simply amazing . I still can not believe it . It 's been probably three weeks now and he still barks on occasion , like when a stranger is at the door but , never barks in the car when I leave , never barks at other people , never barks , never barks , never barks !! I can not say enough about this product and the price I paid at Amazon was half of what the same product was being sold for in Petco and PetSmart and on Ebay . I honestly thought this would never happen but I have a dog now that does n't bark and it amazes me !
 The citronella collar is a training tool and it should not be left on the dog all the time . If it 's used in conjunction with positive reinforcement -LRB- praise when there is no barking -RRB- , it can be a useful training tool . It does NOT work on all dogs , however . Some will bark through the spray . Then you have a dog that smells like citronella . I 've seen some dogs do a complete turn around , however , when using this . After just a few minutes , I only had to show those dogs the collar if they forgot and barked and they got quiet really fast . It is useful when you have a dog that barks aggressively on the leash and pulls too . It will at least stop the barking -LRB- most of the time -RRB- so you can concentrate on the pulling on the leash part . The dogs can get used to it too . It may work for a time but if you leave it on them too long , they can get used to it and bark through the spray.So when it works , it works great . Of course when it does n't work , it 's not so good . I still give it 4 stars though . I have not found anything that works all the time on all dogs and I see a lot of dogs .
 This is the greatest thing ever invented . The first time we put it on our dog , he barked , got sprayed and then looked around like , `` what 's going on ?? '' . He tried again , and same thing . Wow ! He stopped barking . Even when he really wants to bark , he only lets out one quiet little bark and then decides it is n't worth it . He does seem to know that he can bark when it is not on him , but even then , it has definitely cut down on the barking . As soon as he sees me pick it up , he stops . One downfall is that if you happen to be near your dog and yell , you may get sprayed , but it is n't too bad . We have only had to refill it once , and that is only because one of our son 's friends decided to try it on to see how it worked so of course my son and the other kids started barking so it sprayed the kid til it ran out of spray . Kind of funny ...
 This is a very efffective anti-bark collar and does not cause the dog pain . I have 2 dogs who tend to bark at everything when I 'm not home . This has caused many complaints from the person living next door so now I put the bark collars on whenever I am away from home . This prevents their barking , however , one dog does a lot of whining at a level that does not set off the collar . The other dog will bark once or twice and then stop after she is sprayed . The units are large and my dogs are small -LRB- one is 11 lbs and the other is 18 lbs . -RRB- but , the only smaller alternative is a shock collar which is too cruel to use . Overall , this is the best solution I have found to reduce the barking . I found the best price by far through Amazon . This sells for $ 99 at Petsmart . Also , the online price for batteries is much less expensive than the drug store , Target , etc.This is an addendum to the above - I have had this for 2 months and it has now stopped working . I contacted Premier and they said to send back just the unit itself -LRB- no spray can , collar or battery -RRB- and they will replace it . I have an earlier version of this collar that I bought in 2003 , which still works just fine . The number for Premier is
 After reading the reviews on Amazon , we bought this product to use on our wheaten terrier . Every other method had failed.Our dog normally barks loudly at people on the street , which is a real nuisance . She gets incredibly excited when the doorbell rings.After getting zapped a few times with citronella our dog stopped barking . Every time she stopped barking , we followed the directions and gave her treats and encouraged with positive feedback . The directions recommend saying `` good quiet '' . After about 2 hours with the collar on , our dog had totally changed her behavior . I love this product !!
 I am having a problem with the collar working . I am not sure that the battery is not gone . I have called the compnay and sent an e-mail and gotten no response.Until it stopped working it was great . Really helped .
 This product is awesome . It really works . Just make sure that if you have 2 dogs , to get 2 collars . I did n't and every time the other dog barked , the poor dog with the collar got sprayed since it 's sound activated . Live and learn !
 We have a 100 lb + German Shepherd who loves to bark A LOT . We tried the shock collars in the past , but after we got one that malfunctioned -LRB- and actually left a severe burn mark in our poor dog 's skin -RRB- , we decided to try the Citronella collar . We were very pleased with the results . Our dog does not care for how the spray smells , and will stop barking . It may not immediately stop all of the dog 's barking , but with use over time it will diminish . Most of the time we do not even need to use the collar on the dog now -LRB- because he has learned not to bark with the use of the collar -RRB- . As for the negative side ... . the square compartment on the collar that holds the citronella spray is pressurized . Over time the square compartment will go bad , and will not be able to contain the citronella spray anymore . We have owned two of these collars , and when we went to use the collar the other day , it would not hold the citronella anymore -LRB- just kept spraying out like the dog was barking -RRB- . The first collar we had sprung a leak in the seam of the square compartment and leaked out there.However , I am about to purchase my third collar , so I obviously think that the benefits of this collar outweigh the negatives.On a side note , regarding the electric shock collars , I would really advise anyone not to use these on your dogs . Most of the literature that you will read on the internet will actually tell you that the dogs can not obtain a burn from the collars , but I am telling you from personal experience that is not true . Our dog actually sustained a deep burn mark in his neck exactly where the prongs touched him . If you research on the internet , there is another case about a dog named `` Rufus '' that sustained very bad injuries also . Try the citronella !
 I was worried this would hurt my stub nosed pugs , but it almost sounds like screaming when I walk them and they see another dog.They still bark at other dogs a little bit , but these collars have reduced that a TON . The citronella scent does not stay for long , and it does not hurt them at all . I have noticed when the collars come out , the barking stops , even when getting them ready for their walk which is GREAT . They are not 100 percent quiet , but at least I am not dragging them away from other dogs profusely apologizing anymore , and that is enough for me !
 The barking problem I had with my dog is he goes nuts when taking him on a walk and we pass near another dog . It 's not that he is aggressive . He just wants to check out the other dog and barks and lunges when he ca n't . With this collar he gets a puff of citronella spray near his face with each bark . It 's not too intense for him , but seems to be annoying enough to do the trick . He quickly made the connection between the bark and the spray . It also does not leave a lingering odor . He now behaves much better . When we pass another dog he starts acting like he wants to bark , but something in that fur brain of his kicks in and says `` oh yea , I 'll get sprayed , not worth it . ''
 These collars have worked quite well for me over the years.Some suggestions if you have concerns regarding some of the other reviews .1 . Remember to turn collar on when you put it on and off when you take it off . I also remove the battery between uses . Doing this allows me to check and test the collar daily for any problems before I put it on my dog .2 . Do n't let the dog wear the collar if they go in the water .3 . Premier -LRB- the mfg -RRB- makes an unscented spray if you do n't like the citronella scent . Seems to work just as well .4 . The collars have a lifetime guarantee from the mfg. So if it breaks just send it in and they will repair or replace .5 . Small dogs 10 lbs and under should use the micro-spray sense as that fits small and toy breeds . The regular is too big for them . Buy the correct size for your dog .6 . If your dog has lots of coat , have them wear a bandanna and then put the collar on as this way the long fur does n't block the spray .7 . If you have more than one dog , make sure they each have a collar or that they are apart . This way if the non-collar wearing dog barks , it does n't trigger the spray on the collar wearing dog .
 The standard collar does not work well for small dogs with high pitched barks . I called Premier and spoke to them about my problem . -LRB- Their customer service is EXCELLENT -RRB- They exchanged the collar for a ` French ' collar which is slightly different . It works very good and discourages our dog from barking .
 I have 3 dogs and when one barks , the others follow . I 've tried the shock collar on one of my dogs and he would stay under my bed all day long , so I got rid of that . Then I tried the high pitch bark collar - it worked ok , but when my kids would play near the dogs , sometimes the collars would go off and it really did n't seem do the job . This collar works great - when I get home from work , the 3 of them are usually barking and wo n't stop , with this collar , they just look at me and waggle - it does n't scare my older dog either -LRB- the one that hid under the bed -RRB- . I would highly recommend it !
 This is a great product . We have a toy beagle who barks in the car at people , kids , bikes , dogs and pretty much anything . We use the collar on him maybe 2 times and now he hardly ever barks in the car . We still use the collar once in awhile . We are going to now try it when we walk him and take him to the beach . So far we like it a lot .
 Hey guys ! I just have this maltese dog that makes me crazy barking all day . I have tried everything from Cesar Millan 's advise to training collars , to give him treats , you name it . My last option was this collar . I just could not believe the results ! As soon as the dog got this collar on and barked , his reaction was phenomenal , he just jump back four steps and got silent ! Ja ! That was wonderful to watch ! I get to the conclusion that I just can not live without this collar ! Finally we got peace at home and now he is a calm and silent dog . Thank God and this collar inventor ! Amazon as usual gave great service I got it faster than I tought . Love Amazon .
 we have a 20 pound bichon/cavalier mix who has a serious problem of going nuts when the doorbell rings or he sees people walking by our backyard . he gets seriously worked up and barks his face off and even if we put him on his side , a la the dog whisperer , he still is very tense and itching to get up.this thing is awesome - we 've had it for about three weeks at this point and the battery still works as does the spray . he hates it . which is great ! he 'll bark once and then go and hide in the bedroom because he 's upset his face is wet . it does n't make it past the underside of his jaw , but it does the trick . it keeps him so much more calm and entails sooooooo much less barking.we do turn it off when it 's not on him which helps the battery i think . this was a terrific purchase and we are really grateful for it !
 I am a big fan of citronella bark collars for `` chatty '' pooches , and this one works well . However , it needs to be refilled frequently -LRB- even though it is not discharging frequently -RRB- , it seems to work only when very full . Battery life also shortens over time.Overall a great product/training tool , there are collars that will last longer , but not for this price !
 Bought this collar for our American Eskimo to curb her non-stop barking while we were living in an apartment complex . Out of the box I was a bit surprised at the form factor of the collar , if it had been any bigger it would not have worked for our 35 lb dog . The instructions were simple enough , the collar was quickly filled , adjusted , check and put on the dog . We were a bit concerned at first because our dog has very long hair and a thick under chin bib so we were n't sure how effective the spray was going to be . Upon taking the do outside , the collar worked immediately she was so shocked by the spray that the barking stopped . Going back inside it took the better part of that first afternoon for the connect between barking and spraying to be made once that happened the barking all but stopped.I say all but stopped , because our dog figured out that if she growled or barked quietly that she would n't get sprayed by the collar . This was OK with us since we only really cared about the level of her noise -LRB- after all she ca n't be human -RRB- . We were very careful to remove the collar and turn it off at night , or when the dog did not need to have it on as a way to preserve the battery . By doing this we were able to make the battery last awhile longer then previous reviewers have noted , however , not as long as I would have hoped . That being said , invisible fence batteries only last about 3 months so it is par for the course.Overall this was an effective product that was worth the money we paid for it to have our dog stop barking while we lived in an apartment .
 Worth very penny ! I thought it 's going to be too big but it worked for my 4 lbs maltese . It 's around $ 98 at petsmart .
 I am just amazed . We have a 9-year-old Yellow Lab and a 9-month-old Yellow Lab puppy that is full of energy . I 've never had to deal with a puppy that took puppy food and converted it into massive amounts of noise - barking and what basically amounts to screaming with excitement . When the puppy wants to play , go outside or for almost no reason at all , he just starts barking and screaming . It just became unbearable and I was searching for a shock collar . I hated the thought of using a shock collar , but I had tried every other behavior modification I could find . I 'm home all day , so it is n't like the puppy is n't receiving a LOT of attention . I read many of the reviews about this product . I found that the negative reviews were people who were trying to use a product review as a platform to voice their opinion on dog training techniques . I ignored those since this is a product review , not a soapbox to express opinion about what is , and what is not an acceptable training technique . Other negative opinions included an individual who had severe morning sickness and then blamed the scent of the product for feeling worse . I would guess that the scent of just about anything would exacerbate morning sickness . I actually like the scent . I concluded that with over 700 product reviews , eliminating those reviews that seemed to come from people who have too much time on their hands or are looking for something to blame their misery on , the product has an almost five star rating . So I bought it . The puppy stopped barking within 24 hours . The puppy definitely understands that there is a relationship between barking and getting a surprise spray in front of his face . The proof is that the second day , I did not put the collar on him , yet he is still not barking . I find this device to be completely humane and it has proven to be a complete solution to the barking problem . I 'm thoroughly impressed with the product 's construction , durability and performance .
 Worked great for two weeks ... then she became used to it and seems to like the smell ... I 've heard it works wonderfully for dogs that are not so smart or so barky ... Will keep trying to use it >> >
 We have a 5 year old Lab/Border Collie mix . She was beginning to bark alot ! She barked when someone came home , when someone walked down the street , at the neighbor dog , etc. . I office out of my home and am often on teleconferences , having a barking dog in the background was very unprofessional . We tried a shock collar first and it really freaked her out . The shock collar scared and freightened her and she hateted it . When we put it on her she would end up hiding in the back yard . We would take it off-her when it was n't necessary and when she got a chance she savegely chewed it up . I got her a citronella collar and it has worked magnificently . Although she does not particullarly like it , it does not upset her that much . She doe n't like the smell and does not bark when it is on her . She wears it and continues with her normal activities without the barking.I reccomended it to my daughter who has a Jack Russel . The terrier was a terrible barker as well and the collar has worked very well on the the little dog and settled her down.The collar has turned out to be an effective and humane way to get these dogs to stop barking . I highly reccommend it .
 Effectiveness
 This is the best thing I have bought in the last few months . I bought two for my rat terriers , and they work like a dream . We have NO MORE BARKING at our house . Not at each other , the neighbor , my husband coming home from work , any loud noise that they do n't recognize ... I definitely recommend these . My husband and I laughed and laughed . I do n't want to sound mean but they are a little shocked the first few times they get sprayed . Not anything harmful just like , `` what the heck was that ? Maybe I should n't bark anymore . ''
 I bought another spray collar first for barking . It was junk and fell apart . The Premier spray collar is great because it sits right on the dogs neck without prongs , like other collars . It makes a `` swish '' sound when it sprays . No spray collar will make you a perfect dog , but this does distract your dog from barking . You also should be there to give your dog feedback . The collar is really a training tool for you to use with your dog . Overall , I am happy with the collar .
 I ca n't begin to tell you how well the citronella collars have worked for my dogs -LRB- 8 year old 70 lb . coon hound mix and 6 year old 90 lb . mastiff/boxer mix -RRB- . AMAZING !!! Today I watched them tree a squirrel and did n't hear one bark ! They have been a life saver for our family . Not only is the barking practically non-existant , but the boxer mix , who used to affectionately pounce on everyone who came to our house , has stopped . He 's a much more docile dog -- but still has tons of personality ! In addtion Premier , the manufacturer , offers GREAT customer service : -RRB-
 This bark collar works well to stop barking in a gentle manner with no pulse or shock to the dog . Best price I found online or in stores .
 I have 2 small dogs that love to bark at anything that moves . These bark collars work really well and have controlled the barking immensely . The dogs hate the squirt of lemon that they get when they bark and learnt very quickly that when the collars are on , the barking ends . Peace ! I love the fact that this is no way harms my dogs , I would never ever use a shock collar .
 This collar works just fine if your dog is fairly still . My dog likes to run wildly all over the yard and bark . The collar sprays out just fine , but because she is running , the spray does n't go in her face . If she turns , it does n't even hit her face at all . Have n't figured out how to make this work for us .
 Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark CollarI bought this at the recommendation of a dog behaviorist . I was totally surprised when it actually worked . Not 100 % perfect , but a formerly noisy dog has now been called `` well behaved '' on many occasions .
 Our dog would freak out when he would see other dogs - and he 's 92 pounds , so it was really tough to control . We are on day 3 of using this collar , and he now walks calmly at the end of the leash . He will glance over at the other dog , but instead of barking and going crazy , he now cruises right on by . I had hoped it would work , but had no idea it would work this good , this fast . My dog is VERY stubborn , but he got the idea after the second squirt .
 This collar is still able to fit on my 8 lbs . poodle -LRB- it 's a little bulky but it does n't seem to bother her . -RRB- It surprises her instead of hurting her and it stops her barking immediately . There 's no reason to buy a shock collar with this on the market !
 I thought this was and continues to be an excellent product . I have a dog that does like to bark , but hates the citronella spayed in her face ... thus not much barking goes on at this household anymore . It is much more humane than the shock collar . I definitely recommend it to anyone prior to resorting to a shock collar . It was also reasonably priced , and shipped quickly .
 I tried working with my 2yr chihuahua/JRT mix but he could not fight his natural instinct to be our alarm while my boyfriend and I were out of the apartment -LRB- which we understood was natural ! -RRB- However , our neighboors were not a fan . We tried the `` thunder jacket '' for a few weeks which was a no go for our pup . We looked to a certified dog trainer who enlightened us about the Citro-collar . She did warn us and said that some dogs * do * like the smell and it may not work . Well - we bought the collar and went home to try it out . He barked once which triggered the spray and it taught him to not bark while the collar is on . We still put the collar on when we leave the house but we leave it in the off position . -LRB- I really was n't too thrilled with spraying my dog with citronella . -RRB- But it worked . My advice is try it ! -- make sure you can return it if your dog ends up thinking its a new toy that sprays a treat . : o -RRB-
 Very pleased with It . Works very will with my dogs barking . We do n't have to use it all the time . I brought it from amazon .
 The spray collar works well and is effective . It really helps with our dog 's barking problem . The only drawback is that it takes 6V batteries , and they are very difficult to find . I really wish it took some standard-sized batteries .
 This product has proven to be a miracle worker . Neighbors were complaining about my dogs barking and when he was outside and wanted to come in , If I did n't move quickly there would be excessive barking . Now I actually have to check for him to let him in .
 so far so good . the minute our dog sees me getting out the collar she seems to know not to bark . thanks .
 I love this product and for other people 's dogs this will probably work excellent - our dogs however , learned how to bark to the side so the spray didnt hit them anymore .
 We have a Jack Russell Terrier that is about 5 years old . Over the years he has become more vocal and less likely to listen to us when we tried to quiet him . We were contemplating the shock coller , but we wanted to be a bit more humane . We also knew that our dog Junior did not care for anything citrus -LRB- orange peels = dog repellant with him -RRB- . This collar was on for only 2 days and the barking ceased . Along with the collar , when we saw him being quiet during formerly noisy occasions we praised him sometimes even rewarding him with a treat . After a full week he was completely trained and we no longer needed the collar full time . We do occasionally use it when he forgets but he 's really learned from the thing and if we threaten to put the collar on he quiets down.The surprise for me is that he did n't attempt to pull it off of his neck - maybe afraid that the thing would go off too many times . The delivery of the item was very prompt and overall I 'm very pleased with the value and the results ! Every dog is different - we knew that ours hated citrus so we gave this a try . I guess if your dog likes citrus or is ambivelant over the smell your results will probably be different .
 We have a pomeranian who barks non stop and this has quieted him to a resonable point . It is a little heavy around the neck of a small dog but do n't seem to hinder him in any way . You just have to be careful not to talk to loud if you are holding the dog because I got a good spray in the face myself !!! I would recommend to anyone .
 This product was well worth the money . It has stopped my dog 's early morning and night-time barking completely . Compared to other products , this collar was 2-3 times cheaper as well . Other reviewers claimed their collar did not work consistently , but mine has done fine . It was easy to fill and has been very successful .
 We have two miniature Schnauzers . While they are not real yappy , they do get excited at times . We are surrounded by dogs and kids in the neighboring yards and they can set the dogs off . Sometimes it sounds like a dog pound when the whole neighborhood starts to sound off.The collar makes all the difference ! We do n't make them wear them all the time , just when they get annoying . They do not like the odor or the little noise that the collar puts out . If we pick up the collar , they try to slink away . But they do go out and play and carry on normally while they have them on . They just do n't bark.A couple of things to be aware of
 I was skeptical about this product , after reading other reviews stating that it overcorrected by responding to sneezing , sniffing , and other non-barking triggers . However , my overly-barky dogs were really getting out of hand , and I was desperate for a humane way to get a bit of peace and quiet . Thus , I purchased this product.First impression
 While it depends on your breed of dog I think a lot , this collar worked immediately with my spitz-pomeranian -LRB- but he also learned to `` shake '' in 5 minutes . He 's really smart -RRB- . I am very very pleased and so are my neighbors . All it takes , took at this point almost , is one spray and he stopped barking immediately . It is completely harmless . It sprays at some distance from their nose and eyes . It does not spray into their face but in front of their face . I have only had to use it three times and now when he sees me holding the bark collar in my hands , he does not even need it anymore . He gets it . DO NOT put it on the dog and leave the house . Be present . When he/she barks say , `` NO BARK '' if you can at the same time . Then when you say `` NO BARK '' without the collar , they get it . This is a training device as they say , not disciplinary . I am very very pleased . It worked for us !!
 Who would have thunk it ? After only two times wearing this collar , the noise stopped ! When she backslides -LRB- forgets -RRB- I just put on her kerchief -LRB- to keep her fur flattened -RRB- , attach the collar , and I do n't hear another peep out of her . When I want to `` caution '' her , I just bring out the kerchief since it 's absorbed spray , I guess , and let her get a whiff and it 's quiet . God bless the person who created this wonderful product . It 's safe ! I 'm not shocking or hurting her , and it works ! I have recommended it to all my friends .
 I purchased the GentleSpray collar mostly due to its humane method . After about two weeks of use , my 10 year-old dog Jack no longer barks when guests come over or when someone knocks on the door . However , being an older dog , he has a substantial amount loose neck skin ; the device often became obscured by said skin , and the spray would not reach his snout . I had to tighten the collar everyday , since it loosened on its own fairly easily . But overall , it was a successful purchase , and I recommend this product to any owner whose dog has a slight barking habit .
 Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark CollarOur dog is a 19 pound terror when someone is on the other side of the fence . He just can not help himself , very territorial . He still barks but stops after one or two yaps . He has learned not to bark when he has his collar on . He would rather bark but it is very upsetting to the neighbors ... who are frightened by our ferocious 19 pound terror . He really sounds vicious at times . We are happy we do not have to shock our neurotic little dog . Our neighbors are happy . Our dog ... not so much.Our first unit leaked after a month or so of use . It was quickly replaced and we have not had an issue with the 2nd one . I suspect the seals will wear out eventually and it will need to be replaced .
 We purchased this for our Jack Russell who barked at everything , whether it moved or not . It was so bad our neighbors called the police a couple of times . We tried electric bark collars , but she would just bark through the shocks . We felt too mean to keep using that . We found this product and ordered it . She shut up the first time it sprayed her . Now , all we have to do is show her the collar and she quiets down immediately . It is a blessing to have this product in our house .
 Our seven month old mininature Australian shepherd , `` Gidget , '' would come over , look at us and just bark . She did n't need a thing . So , we purchased the citronella collar on a recommendation from our puppy school trainer . Of course our puppy is a very smart dog , so it only took a couple of sprays for her to figure it out . Also , buying from Amazon saved us 66 % off the pet store price .
 I bought this collar per my vet for my dog 's separation anxiety barking/howling . It works great if he is barking normally and he will stop immediately . It is not able to pick up high pitched howling or yelping . I do not think this would be effective for a lot of small dogs with higher pitched barking . If you have a large dog with a normal deep bark , I think this product is fantastic .
 My dog Chloe would bark hard and continuosly when anyone came to the door . It was embarassing ! Now , with the collar on , she usually just barks once and then stops . It is amazing . The only thing I have found , is that it runs out of spray pretty quickly . Maybe I 'm filling it wrong . Either way , I love it . It 's effective and does n't hurt her like a shock collar would have . Great idea !
 It appears that not everyone has had good luck with this product -- just take a look at the variety of reviews and ratings . It worked well for us , however , and put a quick end to our new mixed-breed dog 's constant barking . The spray is much more humane than a shock , and it is just enough to distract her long enough to stop with the barking . The one thing that we do n't care for is that the collar strap is rather poorly made and constantly slips , so has to be continually tightened down . Also , it is n't very easy to find replacement N-sized batteries -LRB- I have the same issue with a bike light ! -RRB- . But all-in-all , we 're satisfied with the purchase and would recommend this collar to others . *** UPDATE
 This product really works . It so nice to let my 2 dogs outside to romp and play for a big part of the day without worrying that the neighbors are going to kill me because of their incessant barking . They used to bark and bark a lot ! It 's quiet now . And I feel better using a spray device rather than shocking them . It 's not painful , just annoying to them .
 We bought two collars , one for each of our dogs . After a few times wearing them , now we pretty much just have to bring them out and the barking stops . It has even worked for our new 10mo . old puppy who gets really nervous and barks nonstop when people come over . We put it on him before they come in and it helps keep him calm . The only thing is one collar , after a month , does n't work all the time . When our dog barks , the sprayer sticks on and gives a much longer spray than it initially did . Overall we are very happy with the collars .
 I gave this bark collar for my sister for Christmas for her barking Yorkie and this thing is amazing . Really works well , sprays a good scent of citronella whenever he barks . He is a 12 lb . dog and I was worried that it was going to be too big for him but it works fine . It is a little on the large side for him but it still works great . Great gift and the dog catches on quick when you start having them wear the collar .
 The item works well . I think it would work better if it was left on the dog for longer periods of time but my wife keeps taking it off .
 Collar was such an easy fix . Now all we have to say is , `` Do you want me to put the collar on ? '' And he stops barking ! Very effective . No training involved . He just knew he did not want to get sprayed again .
 After getting units -LRB- I have 2 dogs -RRB- and putting in batteries and spray , I put the collars on my dogs and let them outside . Each dogdid their normal bark , but the first and only bark was about 1/4 the duration . Then , no more barking . There has been no barking when their collars are on , period ! I do n't think I will ever need a refill . One side benefit is that while the dogs are inside without their collars on , barking has subsided about 75 % .
 I have a 11 lb mini-dachshund was was accustomed to going to work with me and everywhere else , for that matter . When the economy went south , along with my job , I had to start leaving him home alone when I thankfully got a new job . He seldom if ever barked when I was at home , but when I was away , he would bark , howl and moan . I tried behavioral training , but decided that I needed something faster as my neighbors were about to shoot me . I was determined to not use a shock collar , so I bought Pet Smart 's Little Dog Citronella Collar . And it worked beautifully . For about a month ! I thought maybe the battery was n't holding a charge and took it back to Petco where they happily replaced it with a new one . No luck !! I went back to Petco and an on-site dog trainer recommended Spray Sense . Petco exchanged the PetSmart Collar for the Spray Sense collar and I had a $ 25 credit to boot !! The tank on the collar is considerably bigger that the PS Little Dog Collar , and that is the only con that I 've experienced . It delivers a much stronger spray , which seems to be what Oscar needs to keep quiet during the day . He 's never happy about putting it on in the morning , so I give him a treat when I put it on him , and take it off immediately when I come home.Based on my experience , I would highly recommend this product . I wish the cartridge was a little smaller/lighter as it looks very uncomfortably big for my little guy , but I have no complaining neighbors now for the last nine months that I 've used this . The price on Amazon is considerably less than Petco 's price . However , apparently Amazon does not accept returns of this item if it does n't work out . Petco will give a full refund within 30 days with receipt or a store credit with no receipt if you lose it , so you 'll have to decide which is the better way for you to go . Best of luck !
 I was at my wit 's end with my dog , Charlie , who liked to bark all night long . I tried other products , but then I read _ Cesar 's Way _ by Cesar Millan and bought this SpraySense Collar . The combination of behavioral changes -LRB- on my part -RRB- and the citronella bark collar has let us enjoy `` Silent Nights '' this holiday season . I 'm sure the neighbors are happier , too.Bottom line
 We always say our dog Samson likes to get the last word . We moved to an apartment from a house and all the new sounds were interesting to him . We worked with him for a couple weeks before purchasing the Anti-Bark Collar . During that time he still felt the need to ` woof ' at every little sound and other dogs . After doing a lot of research on the best product we felt this one was the most humane and effective.The first time the collar sprayed him , he did n't know what had happened . He was so concerned with trying to solve his new problem that he forgot to bark again . We have found the collar to be very effective on the louder barks . He occassionaly does a little grumble barking but that 's not too distracting . Overall we are very satisfied with the Anti-Bark Collar.FYISamson is a 30 lb black comfort doodle . He is all personality and this collar has n't changed that . We did n't have to trim the fur around his neck , works great the way it is .
 I had purchased one of these at Petsmart for about $ 90 I think , it worked good , but then I saw it here on Amazon for $ 31 -LRB- 65 % cheaper , yeah ! -RRB- and it appeared to be the same one , so I bought it here and then when I received it , I returned the other one to Petsmart since it was still in the return period . It is slightly different in the markings on it -LRB- it may be an older model , possibly ? -RRB- , and also it sprays a little harder and further than the Petsmart one which means that the spray might overshoot the dogs nostrils to some degree , but seems to do about the same thing as the other one , so , yeah , I 'm pretty happy with it . Also the batteries for the unit are a lot cheaper on Amazon -LRB- I 've also read that you can get them at Target , Wal-Mart , etc -RRB- , and I think the refill spray might be , too.When I first bought it , I did n't give it 5 stars because of the reasons mentioned above -LRB- it appeared to POSSIBLY be an older model -- not positive of that though -- and , it sprayed a little differently than the one I had bought from Petsmart -RRB- . Now though , after using it for almost 2 years , I think I would still only give it 4 stars , but for different reasons . It is not a perfect system . One time it started -LRB- softly -RRB- hissing and leaking -LRB- very small -RRB- amounts of citronella for no reason that I could tell . I just left it alone I think and eventually it stopped . However , that was somewhat worrisome and/or annoying . Also , adding the citronella spray is n't a perfect system , either , and kind of a pain getting it in the device , sometimes.However , bottom line is that it did the job it 's supposed to do , for a lot cheaper than buying it at one of the big-box pet stores . So I am happy with it .
 I have only been using the product a short while . It certainly surprises my dog , Gunther and it takes a bit of getting used to . It does help , but does not stop . I think overall I am pleased and will work for the intended purpose . It does surprise him and makes him stop .
 Friend recommened this product to me and am I glad she did . It has worked great ! Barking is rare now , a real treat for us and our neighbors.Highly recommend . Only negative is one of the battery covers fell off at some time and is lost -LRB- we have 2 dogs , both barkers . -RRB- Still works though , so no real complaint .
 I would have given it 5 stars , but the first one I received was defective . I tried to get a refund from Amazon , but they would n't accept a return . However , the product is guaranteed by the manufacturer , so they replaced it -LRB- after I mailed it back at my expense ... ugh ! -RRB- I put it on my toy poodle -LRB- about 18 # 's -RRB- when he 's out in the yard and it has curbed his barking considerably . Sometimes a few low barks -LRB- lol ... like little coughs -RRB- ... get past the microphone . -LRB- I think he 's figured out he can bark if he does so quietly -RRB- . But , evidently there 's not much fun in that as he wants to come back inside right after . I keep the collar off -LRB- and turned off to save the battery life -RRB- when he 's indoors.I 'm pleased with the results and really do recommend it . It is a gentle correction and seems the most humane choice to put an end to excessive barking . Just be aware , if your dog continues to bark and ends up needing something more powerful , you ca n't return this product to Amazon and the manufacturer will only replace defective collars , not refund the purchase price .
 I found this collar very effective in teaching the dogs not to bark . Unfortunately , it also sprays the dog when other dogs bark close to dog that is wearing collar , or if someone shouts or sneezes loudly next to dog . Overall it is very effective and I would recommend it , having tried many other techniques . I have Brittany 's .
 What a great product ! I have a very vocal Australian Shepherd puppy and was pushed to the brink of insanity by his incessant barking . I consulted a trainer and nothing they recommended worked so they finally told me to get this . I wish I would have gotten it sooner ! It has made our relationship so much better ! After 3 weeks , the collar malfunctioned and I had to send it in to Premier . They have great customer service and I am now waiting for a replacement collar -LRB- free of charge -RRB- . I did n't realize how great it was until now - when I do n't have it . It has been a LONG few days without the collar . If I try to mimic the sound of the citronella being released by the collar , sometimes he will stop barking , but I 'm definitely not a good substitute . The other down side is that the battery is not easy to find -LRB- at least in my area - I checked 4 stores before I found one at Radio Shack -RRB- - I 'd buy one online and also an extra can of citronella , because you wo n't want to be without them for long .
 The collar works exactly as advertised and almost immediately stopped all excessive barking . My small dog , 12 lbs , still barks when the collar is off but put it on and he shuts right up . I expect that it even works when not activated .
 We have a black lab -LRB- about 85 pounds -RRB- who , like all labs , wants to be underfoot every minute and yelps when he 's excluded from wherever the action is ... He also sometimes barks when he 's outside in the yard , particularly when other neighborhood dogs are barking also.We did n't want to get the electric zapping collar for fear of completely freaking him out -LRB- he 's a big baby -RRB- , so on the recommendation of our vet , who 's also my friend and a golden retriever owner herself , we got the citronella spray collar.Well , it 's FANTASTIC ! He hates it , but I do n't feel guilty about it because he 's not terrified of it either . He just ca n't stand the stuff spraying into his face . He knows when the collar 's on that he has to be very , very careful of barking , and he 'll usually only just whinny a little bit . But even when the collar 's not on , he 's still barking a lot less than he used to.It 's just a great solution for anyone who wants to severely curtail barking but does n't want to go with the zapper . Two thumbs way up .
 This prouct works well at slowing down annoying barking , most of the time . Sometimes the dogs just bark for some reason and the collar is not always effective . but to use it occassionally , it is good .
 The collar would work much better on a dog that does n't have a thick coat of fur around it 's neck , like my Collie . I did n't take that into consideration before purchasing it , but it still works okay .
 This product worked very well on our American Bulldog . After 2 days she stopped barking constantly . She still barked when someone came up but not constantly .
 I have a wonderful well behaved -LRB- schnauzer -RRB- dog now . My neighbors are happy too.This dog , she is a year old , barked almost non stop when she was outside . It was nothing I could control . I tried all kinds of disapline and squirt bottles . All she would do was run away and bark.I bought this collar for the simple fact to try something that would not shock or hurt her . It was absolutely a miracle . When I first put it on her she ran right to her favorite place to bark and barked once , got sprayed , backed up and barked again , got sprayed and has n't barked there again . And its been just over 4 weeks . Everything she yapped at before , she has tried it once or twice and she stops ! . I could not even talk to anyone in my drive because you absolutely could n't hear over her . She is a different dog now . Even her demeanor has changed . Not as agressive.She used to bark at my neighbor but now she justs sits at the fence and watches . Anyway it worked for me and I have ordered another just in case . I do n't ever want to be without this collar . Thanks Premier.sandydsi
 It works ! Stops barking without discomfort to my dog . A worthwhile investment . I am adding eight words to make the required twenty .
 Purchased the gentle spray collar for our weiner dogs . It works ! After one spray , our little doxy took off running . After the next spray , she looked like What The ! Now we just have to put it on either one of them and they go quiet immediately . Wow I wish I have gotten this years ago . It smells ok for people at least and does n't hurt them at all . Just startles them silly . Great
 We bought this for our newly adopted chow/retriever mix who likes to bark at people walking by our house . It works well . At first he would stop right away and roll on the floor to try and wipe the smell off , but when outside running around it would not have quite the same effect . He would keep barking until it would run out of spray and then would not work anymore . We use it now inside the house by his crate . We put it on the floor and turn it on when we put him to bed at night . He used to bark in the morning at the sound of us getting up before we were ready to let him out . He would continue to bark until we let him out . Now he stays quiet and relaxed until we let him out in the morning . We like it and it works like that .
 We have a German Shepherd that gets over excited when there are children running and jumping in and around our swimming pool . When we put the Gentle Spray collar on him , the spray , when he started barking , was enough to distract him and he stopped chasing the kids.Now simply putting the collar on him is enough to settle him . I 'm sure that soon only the word collar will do it .
 A few years ago I bought a shock collar . I did n't like to use it because I thought it was cruel . Since I did n't use it , it did n't work.Someone told me about their experience with the Citronella collar . I bought it and tested it on myself . Not such a horrible experience , so I put it on my dog . Within 2 hours her barking was reduced 99 % . I did n't use it for the next 3 days , but I found her barking was still reduced . It has now been a week . She has started barking again -LRB- dogs in the window , falling leaves ... etc -RRB- . I put it on her again for about 15 min . and it refreshed her memory . I feel this collar should only be used in short time periods and only while you are there to supervise . The person that recommended this collar said all she has to do it wave the collar in front of her dog and he stops barking . Sounds good to me .
 I LOVE this product . I purchased two of them to keep my cranky old neighbor from calling the police or animal control on my rescued dogs when we are out enjoying our yard . My pug mix got one poof from the collar and got the message . I put it on him when we go out , but do n't turn it on . He does n't bark ! My morkie learned a little more slowly . I use his more indoors when he barks at the TV . I put it on , he gets poofed and then is quiet for the rest of the night . I can actually watch a movie with dogs in it and not have my little guy barking his head off ! I highly recommend this collar !
 We have a 18 mo Shichon . We used many methods before this . My bother said it worked immediately with his dog . Gigi did no like it however very effective . When she barks , we ask her if she wants the collar back on or we show it to herand she quiets down . Wish we had used it earlier . I would find the model with remote . Wish we had gzotten that , however still satisfied .
 I am so happy how quickly this product worked for my min pen . She is very stubborn and this worked so quickly . I am so glad I purchased this collar . I would recommend this collar to anyone who is having trouble with that annoying barking dog . This has also improved her overall behavior .
 I love this product . So far so good . I 've had 2 before that did not last long and one of those was one that you guys repaired or replaced . So far these are doing well . One of my dogs -LRB- after using it just 1 or 2 times -RRB- I do n't even have to turn it on I just put it on her and she wont bark.Great product . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I was skeptical that this would work but I took a chance and am so glad I did ! IT 's AMAZING ! I have a 100 lb. , 51/2 year old golden retriever and his barking was out of control . I bought the collar , put it on immediately -LRB- very easy to use -RRB- and after one spray his barking ceased . I put the collar on only when I let him out and now I do n't even have to turn it on ... he just knows not to bark when he 's wearing it . WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!!!!
 I bought this product after seeing how well it worked on a friend 's dog . I was hoping to minimize the barking of my 13 year old yorkie . Well , the product does not work on him at all . He gets himself so worked up , that the collar runs out of spray . I must also add that his hearing is very poor so I do n't think he can hear the ssstttt sound the collar makes as it sprays . I also suspect that the spray is more directed at his whiskers and is not reaching his nose . That said , the collar does not work for him.However , when he is wearing it , and it goes off as he and my other two dogs are barking , it works wonders on them . They are not even wearing the collar yet stop barking immediately and move to the other room for fear of getting sprayed by his collar . I do feel the collar works depending on your dog 's personality . If you have a little tyrant like I do that will not stop barking for anything , it is not going to work for you . However , if your dog is a little meeker and more submissive I think it will work great .
 This works great while the collar is on . When it is off , our dog tries out her barker and realizes she wont get sprayed and goes on a `` sport barking '' frenzy . When the collar is on we hear one short bark - and then silence . Beautiful .
 It has truly worked wonders for my howl-loving Beagle . No more barking , no more howling , as soon as the collar goes on he instantly calms down.He never tried to `` out bark it '' - a couple of sprays and he knew the drill . I do n't even turn it on anymore , but he knows its there and behaves.It has not re-trained his barking behavior and I continue to put it on him when going for walks and when he is home alone . This is fine with me , as I was n't looking to create a silent dog to begin with , I simply wanted to stop the barking at strangers , other dogs and the incessant howling when I was n't home . It has worked like a charm.Now in terms of actual quality , it worked beautifully for a couple of months , now I notice that in order for it to spray I have to refill it every day . My guess is that I dropped it a few times and its leaking . I will definitely buy a new one , and i highly recommend it .
 I have a 1 year-old , 100lb black and tan coonhound that LOVES to bark at imaginary squirrels and raccoons in the yard . Honestly , the barking was out of control and I was starting to worry that I would get complaints from the neighbors . I tried this collar despite the mixed reviews and I 'm thrilled that I did . I first time that I put it on him he only barked once and then he stopped after the spray . I let him outside and he barked again only once . I have n't heard a peep from him since ! He 's such a calm , pleasant dog now - it 's as if he knows that the jig is up : -RRB- I do n't even have it turned on most of the time and he does n't know the difference . For me , this is a 5 star product all the way . I also use positive reinforcement when he stays bark-free . My trainer always tells me that frustrated , under-exercised dogs are the main reason why they bark . I use the Kelty Chuckwagon backpack with weights during our walks and that really helps burn off some energy too .
 It is a goood collar except if you want to open the device to change batteries i is really hard . overall this product does its job .
 Worked like a charm ! I used to have to keep my pup in his kennel because he would just sleep if he was there . Vet suggested this collar , so i tried it.Took 5 barks and he was done with the barking . Now he is silent when i open the door from work , tail wagging . I still put it on him when i leave the house , but its basically pavlovian at this point.The best part is i dont have to worry about him being in his kennel , or disrupting the neighbors.Only downside is the battery does last very long . Only a couple of weeks for me.But i have n't actually changed the battery , i just put the collar on and he gets it : DHighly recommended
 We got two of these and they work as advertise . The dogs will not bark when they have them on . One of them seems to have a low tolarance and goes off without the dog really barking . I now just put it on the dog and do n't turn it on and it still works . The dog wo n't bark .
 I was skeptical , especially since I had tried several other control products previously that did not even make a dent in the barking volume or quantity of my two dogs who have a large backyard to run around and make noise in -LRB- to large for me to chase them down and `` talk '' to them about their bad manners , lol -RRB- . I have used the product now for several weeks and while the dogs will still occasionally enjoy a bark fest when not wearing them , they will stop immediately when it is placed on them . I really only have to show it to the older dog -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- to make him stop . The younger one is very stubborn -LRB- 7 months -RRB- and usually does one more bark before giving it up.I would never use a shock collar , but these do not hurt them but do the job !
 I really enjoy using this product . It is harmless to the dog and fun to watch him bark , get sprayed then completely stop the noise . He took a little while to realize that the barking was getting him sprayed but once he did , I only have to put the collar on him and he stops barking . I was very pleasantly surprised at how quickly he learned . The first time he wore it , he was running around smelling like bug spray but now it 's just quiet when he has it on . Every now and then he will forget and bark , it 's quite funny to watch him realize that he is wearing his collar.Setting it up and putting it on him was very easy . It stays put , if our other -LRB- non-barking -RRB- dog would leave it alone . The refill bottle is easy to use and you ca n't overfill it.Works great , good for the price . - I wish it had an auto off as I have forgotten to switch it off a few times but apart from that , highly recommended .
 We have two Shih Tzu 's that bark at everything . They take turns wearing the collar and it works every well . I wish I would have heard of this sooner . We do not have to leave it on them all the time .
 It is better than shocking them and better than spraying water in the face and your not the bad guy any more . Plus it is alot cheaper than getting it from the vet . but it is still the exact same thing .
 I just purchased this product . It works very well . I have a noisy dog that barks for attention and barks at squirrels , cats , cars , and people walking by . The only drawback is I have to refill it every few days , so I see myself running to the pet store often . I had it for one week and am wondering how long the battery will last . It has kept my dog quiet so far . For some reason the shock collar I used stop working even when I purchased new batteries . The dog may have built up a tolerance for it . I highly recommend this collar . I have peace again .
 This collar works very well . The only problem is that she knows when the collar is on and when it 's off . She will not bark when the collar is on but knows she can when the collar is n't on . Since the collar is so bulky we do n't make her wear it over night so she does some barking in the morning . I do n't think this is a product flaw , just that the stinker is too smart ! I would recommend this collar , very effective when worn . I 'm also impressed with the way the collar 's spray and battery life lasts . I have not had to replace the battery yet and only the spray once . I think the spray only due to the fact that my husband loves to show our friends and family how it works , not on the dog of course !
 We purchased 2 collars . Both dogs responded well to it after the first time we put it on them . We do n't keep it on them all the time as it does tend to go off when the get excited and playing around . One of our dogs all we have to do is show her the collar and she stops barking .
 My first unit stopped working after 5 minutes , but the company promptly sent me another and a return label for the broken unit . This one works great , although my Shepard mix is starting to learn how to bark just softly enough to keep it from spraying - smart dog ... . Definitely worth a try if your dog just wo n't stop barking , and way more humane than a shock collar .
 This works well for our maltese -- i just wish the collar spray lasted a little longer . I also wish there was a similar device that just sprayed a a small stream of water which would be much cheaper to refill .
 Wow this is an amazing product ! It definately is working on my small Rat Terrier who had a ferocious bark and got into an attack mode every time he saw people -LRB- or squirrels and other animals -RRB- . It has only taken a couple of sprays from the collar to curtail his annoying bark . Several weeks latter and at this point of his training , all I have to do most of the time is show the collar to him and he usually stops barking . Interestingly , it has also toned down his aggressive behavior . I detest the shock collar treatment and think it 's cruel . I would never use this method on a dog that I love and consider one of my family . I 'm so pleased a product has finally been produced that is so humane . I highly recommend the anti bark spray collar to everyone . BTW All my neighbors love it too . Some with big dogs have borrowed mine and liked it so much they 've bought one too .
 This collar had an immediate positive effect on my golden 's behavior after only one spray ! For the first time , I get to leave the house without hearing the relentless barking from my dog . My golden has become visibly more well behaved as it seems reluctant to bark away as it did before.Thank you for this wonderful product , Premier !
 I needed something to keep my youngest dog quiet , she barked a lot outside . I did n't want anything that would zap her . I purchased this color and put it on her , it startled her the first few times and it is harmless to her . Now all I have to do is put it on her , I do n't even need to turn it on , just wearing it she knows not to bark .
 While we had to replace the battery and refills several times , it only took a couple months before my dog stopped barking completely . Unfortunately , it does n't spray for really high pitched barks so it only picked up her barks about a third of the time . It still was enough to stop her though .
 This Anti-Bark collar was recommended to me from a friend who had used same . It worked immediately ! We love our little dog but could n't handle the constant barking .
 This is the second one we have used and they work great . The first one worked well up until our roommates dog decided to chew it off of our dog . The only issue I have with the collar is that it loosens up too easily and therefore loses effectiveness . However it is an easy fix . I would recommend this to anyone who is having problems with their dog barking as I have seen it work on dogs from 10lbs to 85lbs .
 Pretty neat idea . My dogs do n't know what to make of it and it does quiet their barking however has n't stopped them completely .
 I love this product my dog has been a constant pain in the royal arselawsuits problems with landlord etcbut now thanks to this I 'm a peaceful dog owner and will never move
 it Rocks , maybe I wish it did n't spray for 3 seconds . However it could be do to user error , i.e putting too much juice in the device .
 We have two small dogs , a Chihuahua mix and a Pekingese mix . The box on the collar seemed a little big for their necks but they have n't seemed to notice . Our neighbors are happy to report that they no longer bark during the day but they will bark once or twice when we get home even with the collar on . We 're sometimes greeted by a fresh blast of citronella but the barking is nothing like it used to be . I ca n't explain how helpful these collars have been . I do n't want to keep the dogs cooped up inside all day but we ca n't have them running out the dog door every five minutes to bark up a storm either.I very much recommend these collars .
 I hardly ever leave a review , but I felt obligated to let others who are considering buying this product . Someone I work with had recommended this to me after I told him that I had move into an apartment and was worried that I was going to get kicked out since my landlord lives above me . She never barked as often and as consistantly as she did when we moved and when I left for work in the morning . I told my friend at work I did n't want to use an electric shock collar because I felt it was inhumane . He suggested a citrenella collar . I 'd never heard of it before but in all honesty , the first time she barked wearing the collar was the last . Keep in mind , my dog is a cockapoo with a very passive personality . I imagine that the results depend on your dog 's demeanor . Good luck . It worked for me .
 I bought this over the internet . It worked wonders the first day -LRB- my dog only barked four times then learned to associate the spray with the bark -RRB- then quit working . I phoned customer service and needed to mail it back to the company . Item was returned within a week and included a free battery , free can of spray , and free bag of treats . Hope it lasts forever as it is a very effective product .
 We have a new `` kid '' in our four legged family , a one year old , rambunctious put bull named Tim . He was completely unsocialized , and while he got along very well with our other dogs and our cats , he exhibited behaviors such as fence charging and barking , and barking at our new -LRB- and very tolerant -RRB- neighbor , which are behaviors that are completely unacceptable in our house.I needed a way to correct and redirect his behavior when we were not here to supervise him . After a supervised training period with the citronella collar , we can now leave Tim , and the rest of our pack , in the backyard to play , knowing a spray from the collar at the first bark from Tim will stop his barking , and also stop the excited energy from progressing to anything unwanted.The spray is not harsh -LRB- I tested it on myself -RRB- , but it is a gentle , instantaneous reminder that barking is not acceptable .
 My dog used to go out every morning and sit on our hill out back and bark and bark and bark . I have a very large fenced yard but the configuration of the houses is bowl shaped so the neighbors could hear him and one of them complained about the constant barking . I then found out that he barked continuously if they were in their back yard . This is not acceptable to me . I have had the collar a week . I had immediate results . The first time the collar sprayed , it distracted him from the barking and he stopped . Even when he does n't have it on , he does a muffled bark . It is important to test the collar each day as they say . One of the first times I put the collar on him , it did not work . I had not tested it . I think this is especially important after filling the collar . Once I `` activated '' the collar , it worked fine . I think the refills are a bit pricey but I really do n't know how long it lasts yet so I may change my mind .
 I got one of these because my male Jack Russell Terrier would bark when I left the house in the morning and would wake up my neighbors . I 've had it for more than two years and it works without a problem at all . He does n't bark at all when it 's on him , even if I do n't turn it on ; to this day if I do n't put it on him , he barks like crazy when I walk out the door.I would never have used a shock collar , so I was very happy when my local pet store staff suggested this product .
 I have been using this collar for about a week now , and I could n't be more pleased with it . My two adorable dachshunds barked at anything and everything that moved or made a sound , indoors or out . I cringed even letting them out into the backyard , because within seconds the -LRB- ear-splitting -RRB- barking would start . We have understanding neighbors , but there is a limit ... I was concerned that the collars might not fit/work well given the dachshund 's unique shape , but the collars sit right where they 're supposed to -- the weight of the unit keeps it centered at the base of the neck -- and I 've had no problems . My dogs had no problems wearing the collars even on the first day . For me , it works beautifully -- the dogs bark -LRB- once -RRB- , the unit sprays , the dogs look startled , and the barking ceases * immediately * . I can see how this collar might not work for certain sizes or shapes of dogs , for dogs with very long hair , or for dogs that by temperament simply are n't that bothered by the spray . In which case , that 's really not a fault of the product , it 's just not a good solution for your particular dog . I would highly recommend at least giving this a try . I was getting pretty desperate about the barking , and the peace and quiet we 're now enjoying is wonderful.p.s . I have no financial interest in this product , do n't work for the company , etc. , I 'm just so delighted with this product I wanted to share my experience .
 Our big , sweet , goofy 13-month-old labradoodle was driving us and everyone in our social neighborhood crazy by barking incessantly at every passing car , walker , runner , bike or stoller . We tried the anti-bark collar and within 10 minutes -- no lie -- she was cured . The collar arrived quickly , was easy to put together , and required no training or work on our part . So far , we have not had to replace any spray or batteries , and I deem the entire experience as one of the miracles of the year .
 We 've had this collar for over 6 months , and it has effectively re-trained our 2 year old Italian Greyhound -LRB- minature - 13 pounds -RRB- . She is an indoor dog , and every time we let her outside she would bolt to the fence and pick a barking fight with all the neighbors ' dogs ... They would all start up . The other dogs were fine , rarely making a sound , until ours went out . I was very skeptical , but decided to give this a try before starting harsher methods -LRB- we had to do something , or else the dog would never be allowed to spend any time outside even though she loves it ! -RRB- . Basically , it worked immediately , though she would resort to her old ways when not wearing it . Now , though , she seems to have decided it 's not worth it to test the collar and though we occasionally put it on her , it has n't had batteries in 2 months ! We 've never had to buy a spray refill . I 'm sure there are very persistent stubborn dogs that wo n't be affected by this and I suspect a dog left outdoors all the time might exhaust the spray and then keep barking , but It was the perfect solution for us ; it trained her without scaring or hurting her - she 's just startled . You owe it to yourself AND to your neighbors to give it a try .
 I purchased this product after reviewing quite a few other products . I was n't ready for a shock collar , so this seemed like a good product to try . We have a very smart and stubborn miniature schnauzer , but within the first few sprays , he quickly learned that bark means spray , so he stopped barking . Just like that . When he has the collar on he is quiet . When it 's off , he 'll bark . Show it to him , and he 'll stop barking immediately . We can now take walks , have conversations with neighbors , and overall - enjoy our dog ! I have already reccomended this product to friends , and they 've had equally great results . A + + +
 Our 10-month old lab/great dane mix would bark at the sliding glass door any time we put him outside . The first day we put the collar on him , we put him outside , he barked once , it sprayed him , and he did n't bark again . It was like magic . Since then , we have found that sometimes he 'll bark once , get sprayed , then lay down and rest . Other times instead of barking , he 'll look for other ways to get attention ... jumping against the window , eating our plants , etc. . The product helped him stop barking so I wo n't say it did n't do its job.Sometimes I 've noticed that it does n't always go off every time he barks -LRB- when he wants our attention his bark is a higher-pitched whine/bark , which the collar does n't always catch -RRB- , but by and large it has stopped him from annoying us -LRB- and the neighbors -RRB- by barking for 10 minutes straight simply to get attention . That kind of barking is hard to put a stop to , because if you ignore it , it will annoy you and your neighbors , but if you discipline your dog , you 're giving them attention -LRB- what they want -RRB- so it encourages the barking . This product is a useful tool for stopping barking , but not a substitute for giving your dog attention .
 my border collie is not naturally very loud , but she does n't like being seperated from me , and will bark from time to time when i leave the apartment . i received a complaint from neighbors that she had `` barked all day '' one weekend so i bought this collar as a hopeful solution . after one initial spray , she seemed to understand . i have not heard her bark since purchasing the collar , and have never received another complaint . dogs will figure out that if they raise the pitch of their bark , they can avoid the spray , so i would not recommend it for dogs with high pitched barks .
 I have used this product on a few occasions with my Weimaraner that has separation issues and it has been very effective . We were staying at my parent 's house and I did not want her to disturb my father who works nights and sleeps during the day while she was in her crate . It makes me feel better and we did not have success with a bark collar .
 This is our second bark collar ... we left the first one out in the rain by accident . It has been great having it . We do n't leave the collar on all the time ... we usually put it on when we have company or when the neighborhood dogs are having a barkfest . When the collar is used in combination with the word `` quiet '' it helps her to learn what quiet means . Altogether a great training tool !
 I have two vocal terriers and these collars stopped unnecessary barking . The collar does not stop barking altogether . They will still utter a warning bark but now it is one bark , two if it is a real emergency like a rabbit in the yard and then all is quiet . We are very pleased . The biggest issue is that I hate the smell of citronella ! If only it squirted lavendar . Ah well .
 We received this collar 2 days ago . We already love it and wish we would have purchased it years ago . One of our dogs barks when she goes outside -LRB- at the birds , at people , or just for what seems to be no reason -RRB- . Now , once she starts barking loudly , it sprays her and she stops barking . It does not spray her when she makes her normal quieter talking sounds - only when she starts with her loud barking which is what we wanted . We do not invite people over to our house often because she gets very scared and stands way back and barks at the other people -LRB- especially kids -RRB- . We are very anxious to invite people over now since we know this will stop her from barking . She is normally a very scared/anxious dog so she does hunker down a bit and walks back to the patio after getting sprayed but we praise her for being quiet and then her confidence goes back up . We will have to keep you updated on how it works over time but so far we are very pleased with the collar .
 I needed an alternative to buying a shock collar for my senior beagle and this has been wonderful ! My dog took to it the first day ! It 's unfortunate to have to put something on my dog to stifle his barking but I was running out of options and this has been a life saver !
 Had a neighbor complaining that my dog was barking too much while we were away and we got this because we do n't believe in shock collars . It works great , he hates wearing it and now if we put it on him and leave it off he wo n't bark because he hates to get sprayed .
 i got this as a gift and it works . i had to use it a few times when my dog was a visitor in someone else 's home . i am not completely comfortable using it , but after one bark and he was sprayed , i can then put it on him in the off position and he knows not to bark .
 I gave this product 4 stars rather than 5 simply because we have only had it for a week . So far , we are very impressed with its durability and performance . We have a four year old foster rat terrier who charges the fence line every morning and barks his head off at our horse -LRB- who ignores him -RRB- . Since the neighbours do n't appreciate this , we had tried a standard bark collar set on low , which made no impression on Joey . This inexpensive citronella collar really works with this particular dog very very well . I am stressing ` this particular dog ' , since citronella collars are not effective on all dogs , but Joey is very sound sensitive , so the barely audible hiss when the citronella is released is probably what is doing the trick in this case .
 good product but we bought it for my small maltipoo and she became really weird when we put it on her - like she would just go hide under beds and was totally antisocial . it was as if her personality was gone so we only use it when we have too . the product itself though really works and i recommend it for barking and yappy dogs alike .
 this collar really keeps my dog from barking . Also the company has great consumer support . We had a problem with the collar and they immediately honored the life time warrantee and replaced it
 This worked wonders on keeping my dog from barking . My only problem with it was that with my 2 dogs playing around the collar got chewed up , but that is not a problem with the product ... just with my dogs . : -RRB-
 Product arrived in perfect new condition ... and the next day , if I 'm not mistaken . -LRB- Granted I live in the area , but it was great to actually have it arrive that quickly -RRB- . The collar has helped tremendously to keep barking under control . I definitely recommend it !
 This device worked when NOTHING else did . It works on both of our Pomeranians . They were constant barkers . They 're smart dogs and still bark when then collar is off , but never make a peep when it 's on ! Sometimes just showing them the collar works!One of our Poms took a while to learn ... maybe 3 weeks . The other learned after just 2 barks.Don ' t waste your money on the cruel electric collars -LRB- that do n't even stop the dog from barking , anyway -RRB- . Buy this collar and you 'll thank yourself for years to come .
 This is the only one that seems to handle barking for most dogs . We board dogs here and it can be too much at times . Has battery and spray and they do need replacing .
 I received the item just 2 days after it was ordered . I saved 50 % by ordering this product online !
 I 'll preface my review by stating that I rarely heard my dog bark before I bought this collar . She does n't seem to bark hardly at all when I 'm home.I purchased the Spray Sense collar after receiving complaints from my neighbors and roommates that she would bark a TON when I was away . -LRB- Our apartments have paper thin walls . -RRB- Since we started using the collar , I have received no further complaints from my neighbors , and occasionally my dog acts like a walking air freshener....win-win ?
 Our schnauzer is a barker and alittle naughty . Put the collar on and one bark and she is quiet . She behaves better too and often we do n't even need to turn it on-she seems to know she is going to get a spray if she barks and is fooled by its presence .
 Bought this product on hope . . to our complete surprise it really works . There is no injury to the dog , and , now all we have to do is place the collar on her and no more barking . An inexpensive and humane solution ... well worth the money .
 It works well , I initially bought it for my 7 month old pup who bark at everything , she picked up this bad habit from my adult dog -LRB- yel Lab -RRB- . The pup is not affected by the citrus spray though , but my big dog is . My plan is to use it on the big dog , teach him to stop barking and she will learn from him . . So far , so good . All he has to do is see it and he will not bark , he will even run towards here when she starts to bark and it stops her from barking also . Great way to train them in a non-painful way .
 This is an excellent collar . It works much better for my dogs than the no-bark shock collars . With this collar my dogs stopped barking the first day .
 This product was easy to use and very effective at a fraction of the price of similar items . Highly recommended for nuisance barking . My dog learned VERY quickly with this humane approach .
 I hate the idea of putting this on my dog , because the spray is like a mild pepper spray for dogs . however when we have people over working it is nice to have this because it keeps our dogs from barking at the workers and making the environment hostel for them . We also take in foster dogs who have barking problems this works really well at night when we have to leave but do n't want to get a complaint about a barking dog . We use this as a last resort however when we do have to us it , it works after the first bark .
 Our dog got in the habit of barking every morning non-stop for no reason . This collar stops the barking at the first woof . I also like the fact that it 's not hurtful to the dog .
 Works great ! Our mini labradoodle barked all the time now he is barely barking at all . Well worth the money !
 I tried this collar for a rescue dog I adopted and it worked like a charm . I really did n't want to shock him because he had been through a lot and was already scared and fearful . Lucky for me , he did n't bark in the house when left alone . His problem was barking on the street -- at every other dog , any person who walked past , at birds and squirrels , even at the air!The first time the Premier collar sprayed him , it brought him up short . He was shocked . The spray seemed to break the barking cycle for him because he stopped immediately and did n't bark again during the remainder of that walk . The next time we went out , I put the bark collar on him again . As expected , it went off the first time he barked . He stopped right away and did n't bark again on that walk , or on any other . Now , once in awhile , he will forget himself and bark at some other dog while we are out . But that is rare and now I seldom have to put the collar on him . The only time I still use it is after he has had a lapse . Then I 'll put it on him the next time we go out , to give him a quick reminder.In my view , the battery lasts long enough , as does the quantity of citronella . Perhaps if my dog had to wear the collar in the house while I was n't home , he would bark the collar dry . But because he uses it in my presence and is promptly deterred when it sprays I have had no problems with the way the collar works . I am always careful to turn it off when we come back from our walks in order to conserve battery life.Bottom line
 A vet recommended this to me while my dog was on crate rest for an injury . He would bark every time I left the room . He also would make a high pitched whining noise for hours -LRB- I am not exaggerating -RRB- . With the collar , he adjusted really quickly and did n't bark . It did n't totally stop the whining noise , because that was n't loud enough the trigger the citronella , but he was quieter and would settle down well when I put the collar on him . Not sure we could have gotten through three weeks of crate rest without this !
 I know bark collars are n't suppose to hurt , but I just could n't subjects my dogs to the `` sting '' . I was thrilled when my vet recommended this collar . But would it work ? Just a quirt of scent to subdue my barking doggy ? It is all I could ask for - she got the hint in a hurry . I highly recommend this collar .
 This is a great product . Now coming from a mid west farm boy that has trained dogs his whole life , this is a great training tool !! For the right kind of dog ... I have 2 large breed dogs , one is 140lbs and is def the alpha male of the 2 . They are always well behaved when I 'm home and when we 're out at the park , around other dogs and people . So much to my shock and embarrassment , my neighbors one day came to tell me how they ca n't take my dogs barking for hours after I leave anymore . I was VERY apologetic and promised to nip it in the bud right away . Now with large alpha male dogs the last thing you want to do is put a shock collar on them and teach them that every time they bark at something they see as a threat , they get pain . It does n't take the dog whisperer to figure out that this will lead to a more serious aggression problem -LRB- in smaller dogs this will create an even deeper fear and neurotic behaviour -RRB- . So that was never an option . But the spray is not painful , just annoying and irritating to my large dog -LRB- the big one is the trouble maker -RRB- . It worked INSTANTELY !! The first time he was sprayed he curled his nose back and sat and shut up immediately ! after a few weeks I checked in with the neighbors , they thanked me repeatedly and brought over a plate of cookies : -RRB- Now , for neurotic submissive dogs or ones with excessive emotional problems that just bark and bark all the time , this wo n't work . NOTHING WILL !!! The problem is YOU !!! Not your dog !!! If you allow your dog to bark uncontrollably or ca n't figure out why he does it , do n't blame the dog . Trust me , it 's YOU ! Take a class , read a book , or just walk your dog -LRB- every day , yes I mean EVERY DAY ! -RRB- and you might see a drastic change . And the # 1 rule , THEY ARE NOT HUMANS !! THEY ARE NOT YOUR CHILDREN , THEY ARE DOGS !! Believe it or not they actually prefer to be treated that way . I only used it for a couple months and now only use it once in a while just so I know he remembers not to bark for hours at anything that passes the house .
 My 25 lb shelter mutt came equipped with some major doorbell barking baggage that could n't be discouraged or trained away . She is an otherwise trainable dog , but nothing deterred her from barking frantically and loudly when the doorbell rang . I 'd had Bark Busters over , I 'd tried Tamar Geller 's techniques , I 'd tried working with a local trainer , I 'd tried using an ultra sonic deterrent device . Nothing worked . Nothing.I gave up trying to modify the dog 's behavior and replaced the doorbell with one that played a different sound each time . But the dog is smart and very quickly worked out that the cue was the location of the sound rather than the sound itself . I modified visitor behavior by requesting a phone call from the driveway , which allowed me to greet visitors at the door without the doorbell being used . But the dog is smart and very quickly worked out that the cue was the human approaching and opening the front door rather than a sound from `` that '' location.I gave up everything and resigned myself to the barking until I discovered spray collars . This particular spray collar does not spray the dog in the face with citronella . It sprays citronella upward from her neck into the air just in front of her muzzle . Doorbell rings , dog barks once , collar sprays , dog does n't bark again . She whines at bit , but no barking . The first time it worked , I was utterly gobsmacked . Amazing!All that said , dogs are as individual as humans . I can vouch only for my dog 's behavior with this collar . The spray collar acts as a deterrent with my dog , not as a training device . When she is n't wearing the collar , she barks at the doorbell because there 's nothing to deter her . When the collar is on , she barks once , the collar sprays , she does n't bark again . When I 'm expecting company , I put the collar on my dog . If someone drops by without notice , the collar is n't on the dog and the dog goes berserk barking . Thankfully , most people call ahead.If you 've exhausted all options -LRB- no , shock collars are NOT an option and should be outlawed -RRB- and have resigned yourself to the barking , then give this spray collar a try . Humane and effective . -LRB- If only these could be marketed to parents of toddlers who are allowed to scream at the top of their little lungs in public ... -RRB-
 I am a happy camper . I 've tried two ultrasonic machines on my dog and it did not work . It was frustating . I saw this spray and thought , what do I have to loose so I bought it.The collar band is sturdy and not lanky . The click to lock it works well . The only thing is there is no loop for my dog 's collar . It would be too bulky and heavy if she wore her collar AND this spray collar . So I just hooked her collar on the hard loop where the band goes through -LRB- where you tighten the band as needed -RRB- . You will have to pull the band through the loop in order to keep the collar from sliding everywhere . It does n't stay and I have to fix it every so often but I 'd rather fix it then have two collars on her.OK , so it does work !! The first time she was sprayed , she just kind a sat there dazed and did n't move . She sat against the fence and I thought did she get sprayed ? So i checked the smell and yes she did . I said it 's ok , do n't bark and I kept repeating that . After that happened , she just stops barking when it sprays . It does n't hurt her and is gentle short sprays.She now knows when that collar comes on to not bark . It 's great cause other dogs around will bark . . but she will just sit and listen to them . LOL . Sometimes I feel bad when it 's daytime and other dogs bark so I let her go without the collar . . but I am anxious in loosing her cause she does n't have the badge/id . TRY it at least !! If it does n't work sell it . I do n't think they accept returns for this but I am very happy with this product .
 My dog was the dog in the neighborhood who barked loudly all day , every day at everything that was going on out front . In an effort to retain positive relationships with the neighbors , we bought this collar . The first time the doorbell rang , she barked twice and she got sprayed twice . The association was set , barking equals stinky spray . This collar was such an immediate success that when the doorbell rang the NEXT DAY , she knew and she was silent . We 've had occasional slip ups in the weeks since , but the collar continues to work magic . One bark , and she 's done for the day . She still watches the house , watches the neighborhood , but now it 's a quiet game . I am so happy we purchased this collar ! I 'm sure our neighbors are too .
 I got this product as a last resort because my husband was talking about finding a new home for our 14 month old Chesapeake Bay Retriever . Her barking was driving us and our neighbors crazy and did n't know if we could hang in another year to see if she 'd grow out of it ... It took a week before I even put it on , but once I did it worked the very first time it sprayed her . Since she has had it on she has yet to bark more than one time in a row . Before the collar she 'd bark twenty times in a row . One week later she will sometimes bark one time very low as to not set it off . But that is such a pleasant improvement we do n't mind . I 'm not sure if the on/off switch works or not as it sprayed when it was supposed to be off . But again that is not even an issue because of the complete change in the dog . She 's still pretty good even with the collar off . She seems calmer since the collar and has n't used the bed or couch as a springboard once . Now we are looking for a remote control collar to help with her jumping , stealing and other annoying habits . Well worth the price ; wish we would have gotten one 13 months ago ! Since the complete change in our dog it seems like we will be able to live peacefully with her and our neighbors probably think we got rid of her .
 Bought this for my elderly mom who has a non-stop barking beagle that does n't listen to her . She did n't want to use the electric shock one because she felt bad for him so I suggested a citronella spray collar . She loves it ! Says the dog is so trained now that even when he 's not wearing it , he 'll only bark once -LRB- if prompted -RRB- and then stop . He used to bark non-stop all day and would not listen to anyone , and it drove her neighbors nuts . Now if he does bark , it 's only one small one , then the collar will spray and he 's quiet . My mom says this is a miracle collar . She loves it . Highly recommend it .
 I 've had the opportunity to use this on several dogs over time as I am involved in a boarding facility . For hard-core barkers who have an ingrained constant barking habit out of boredom at home or other reasons , they are startled and interrupted at first but go on to quickly use up the reservoir and then are free to bark without interruption . It does n't work for those dogs . For dogs who are highly reactive to unfamiliar noises and bark as a result , this can work very well . They quickly learn not to bark , and they are not physically or psychologically harmed by it.Don ' t let it be immersed in water , make sure the spray outlet does n't get plugged with dirt , and most times when it stops working , for me anyway , is because it needs a new battery , which is a specialized one for medical devices . Very humane . I 've never seen a dog bothered much by it . If it works on them , it 's just something they easily accept . More humane than being yelled at by an owner to quit barking ! The price on Amazon is by far the best.I 've bought six of these for my dog boarding facility at this point . After a year or so they get damaged too much and stop working . That to me is an acceptable period of time for them to last . I do n't use these on normal barkers , just the ones who have periods of barking nonstop . Some dogs do n't respond to them or it 's just a slight annoyance , and they just bark until the reservoir is empty . I 'd say about 20 % are like that . About 80 % of dogs do respond and stop barking . In those cases it 's a godsend ! I am going to buy two more because for me they are worth every penny .
 We have 3 little indoor dogs that enjoyed barking at any little noise or anyone who happened to walk on `` their '' street or sidewalk . One of them actually sounded like a scream . Pretty startling , especially in the middle of the night . We had spray bottles filled with water strategically placed around the house & squirted them when needed . We had tried the ultrasonic sound collars which did n't help at all . The Spray Sense collars are absolutely amazing ! After getting squirted once they quit barking immediately . Now it is rare they bark at all . They do little growls & noises which is completely acceptable . It has been more than worth the money we paid for them !
 When I first read the reviews on this collar . I was skeptical but also willing to give it a try . I have a 4 year old pug who has been a stuborn barker since day 1 . I have tried everything . I ordered the collar , It arrived and I put it on my pug right away . Within 4 hours and several sprays of citronella . My pug gave up the barking . He makes a few grumbling noises here and there but that 's it . I seriously wanted to start crying . My house is finally peacefull and I do n't feel like locking my pug in the basement anymore -LRB- I never did -RRB- I feel sad for the folks that this has n't worked for . I am so happy with this collar and will reccomend to everyone I know with a barking dog problem
 We are very pleased with this spray collar . We prefer the spray vs electric shock and find it just as effective . Our experience using this very affordable product has solved the barking problem and discourages our dog from barking immediately after the first bark .
 This is a terrific product . Two barking chihuahuas were inciting the neighbors to take legal action . Within moments of `` collaring '' them -LRB- the dogs , not the neighbors ! -RRB- the barking stopped . They no longer have to wear them 24/7 ... and when the little guy thinks he 's found his voice again , the collar goes back on . We did discover the batteries wear out quickly .
 Just like the title says - it works - my dog stopped barking immediately after the first citronella spray and I have n't heard her bark with the collar on since then . It 's amazingly inexpensive for what it does and it flat out works without shocking the dog or anything inhumane . Great product .
 We did n't realized until we picked out our pocket beagle that he is part of the hound family . I was worried the first few days because we live in apartment building . Luckily my aunt told me to try this and buy it off of amazon . It came quickly . We would only put the collar on him at night time and he would have 2-3 whines then bark and the collar would spray and then he understood and would lay down and fall asleep . It worked so nice!After only a few weeks I notice it stopped working , we bought new batteries filled it up again , tried everything . I saw a review on here that says to call the company and they will ship you a new one and send a package to ship the broken one back all for free ! They even included a refill can and extra battery . This is a life-time warranty ! I 'm sold on this product and company!The only down fall is I wish they had a size smaller for little dogs , but still works fine .
 My black lab is 7 years old . His barking has been progressively getting worse as he gets older . He barks at everything , in and out of the house ! I decided to try the citronella collar because I was nervous about shocking him . This collar is amazing . His barking has been cut down to a fraction of what it used to be . I was worried that the collar might be too sensitive -LRB- like going off when he eats -RRB- , but it really only sprays him during a full bark . I saw a difference in behavior within the first day . I refill it about every two days , just to be sure it 's full , but it 's pretty low maintenance . The smell to me is just like lemon , but my dog really does n't like it . I would highly recommend this for any dog owner !
 I just want to say this collar works great . I got it last week , and it works like a charm . So far so good , hopefully nothing goes wrong like what others have said about leaking , not working correctly etc. . .
 My dog stopped barking the minute she got her first whiff of citronella . And the collar worked fantastically for about 3 days . Then my smart dog figured out that she could bark her head off anytime she was n't wearing the collar . After about two months , the citronella was n't enough to keep her from barking at strange cats in the yard either . I guess she had just learned to tolerate the smell . But other than that the collar works like a charm as long as you keep it on all the time . Overall , barking in our house has been significantly reduced . One thing that was irritating was that the battery ran out very fast , as did the citronella spray . So stock up on replacements early .
 I have two dogs , a mini dachshund and a dachshund/Jack Russell mix . So , as you might imagine ... . there is plenty of barking in my house ! I do n't mind the `` alert '' type barks , every now and then , but these two tend to get into bark frenzies , only encouraging each other to get louder and louder . Since I am just about to move into an apartment -LRB- after living with them in houses -RRB- , I thought I needed to get a handle on this barking before my neighbors starting complaining.First , the unit itself - It 's a little smaller than I expected it to be , actually ... maybe about 1 `` x1 `` x1 '' . I found it very easy to fill up with the citronella , and did n't experience any of the hardware or technical difficulties that I 've read about in reviews . I was worried it would n't fit onto my mini , since he 's only about 12lbs , but although it did look a little awkward on him , it fit him fairly well . I have yet to replace the batteries , etc.Secondly , the performance - I put it on the mini first , and waiting for him to start his racket . The first time he barked and got sprayed , he ran under the couch , barked again since he was scared , got sprayed again , and then ran off and hid in his crate . Not a single peep out of him after that . The first night he gave me a heartbreaking look of `` I know you did this to me '' , but after the first few days , he 's perfectly fine wearing the collar , and does n't run away when I put it on him -LRB- I take it off for him to sleep , since it is a little bulky for such a little dog -RRB- . And finally , a few other notes :1 -RRB- If you have two dogs , get two collars ! I originally just bought one , to test it out . However if one dog is wearing the collar , and the other dog barks , it will set the spray off , and this undermines the effectiveness of the collar ... now the dog is n't associating his barking with being sprayed .2 -RRB- I can personally vouch that it is n't painful or uncomfortable - because I got sprayed in the face myself ! While holding my dog to my face , I said something and we both got it . It is startling , but not irritating or painful in the least .3 -RRB- I 'm sure this depends on the dogs , but mine have already figured out -LRB- after only a week -RRB- that they wo n't get sprayed if they are n't wearing the collar . But they do n't know whether the collar is turned off or on , and seem to think it 's not worth the risk if the collar is on . So if they start barking , I put the collar on them with the switch to on . After maybe an hour I turn the switch off to conserve the battery , and they 're still quiet as long as the collar is on . I read that someone else created `` dummy '' collars for their dog , and I think that might be worth investigating .
 Wonderful product ! Worked immediatly . If you have a barking problem with your dog , do not hesitate to buy this product . It really works.Very Satisfied ,
 I really have no complaints about this product , other than I fear the battery may not lost very long!My dog is about a 15 lb dachshund . The collar fits her well . It adjusts to even the smallest of dogs ! The spray thing is n't all that big . She seems comfortable in it , and has n't tried getting it off or anything . She normally is very uncomfortable in anything `` foreign '' -LRB- like sweaters -RRB- so I was surprised she did n't care about the collar at all.She barked ALL the time at people , other dogs , the cat , etc. . She barked about 3 times when I put the collar on , and she has n't barked since . Even when the usual stimuli happened -LRB- like my husband coming home from work -RRB- . It was amazing!It still lets her growl , which I think is nice . It only activates when she actually opens her mouth.Overall , I love it .
 This is one of the greatest inventions !!! I have 2 dogs that love to `` talk '' with the other dogs in the neighborhood , and they can be quite loud . One of my dogs seems to dislike my gardener and constantly barks -LRB- very loudly -RRB- at him when he is cutting our grass . Once I received the collar , I followed the directions and it works exactly as described . It 's almost funny , because once the collar goes on , they know most of the time what the consequences will be if they bark and they do n't even bother . Sometimes they do bark , but they get reminded what happens when they do bark with the collar on . It 's a miracle.The scent of the Citronella is far from offensive . I do n't understand what some of the people are complaining about regarding the smell . The one dog that barks the most almost welcomes me putting the collar on her . As soon as she sees me with the collar in hand , she obediently sits and waits for me to put it on . Maybe it 's because she knows she will get to go out . I do n't know . All I do know is this works magnificently . It 's one of those purchases that I am so happy with !!! If you have a dog with a barking issue , you need to try this !!!!
 We bought this a year and a half ago . Our Rottweiler would bark and howl at our fence -LRB- which overlooked a bike path -RRB- , and the bark collar really did the trick . It stopped her from barking whether she was wearing it or not . After a while though -LRB- maybe a couple months -RRB- she figured out that when she was n't wearing the collar , she was free to bark , so we had to be more diligent about putting it on her every time she went out . In the last couple months though , it started to get flaky and not always work , or when it did work , spray such a tiny amount of citronella that she did n't mind , and she would just keep on barking . Since this product was so cheap -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- , and it lasted a year and a half , I 'm going to assume that this one got gunked up with dirt or something , and go ahead and buy another one . If the next one only lasts a year and a half as well , I 'll come back and write a worse review . -LRB- I tried taking it apart to see if I could clean it out , but it is molded plastic and you do n't have access to the spray mechanism to clean it . -RRB-
 I 've had my hound dog Elvis for almost three years now , and his separation anxiety when I left him in the car would cause him to bark almost non-stop until my return . I bought the collar two weeks ago , put it on him in the car , and did small errands while leaving him in the car . The first time I did this , I could smell the spray when I returned to the car ; but he was resting comfortably in the back seat , completely serene and composed.Now , I place the collar on him when he 's in the car and do n't even turn it on . It 's a miracle ! The whole lesson took about one week . Why did I wait so long to try this ??? Because I never knew there was a humane alternative to the shock collar before now . We 're going to try it indoors next ! Worth it 's weight in gold !!
 I have a 15 pound Poodle/Cocker Spaniel Mix who yaps non-stop . I bought this to help curtail the barking . While others have complained of it being too sensitive , it seems mine is n't sensitive enough . Basically , it 's stopped him from deep , loud barks , but he can still avoid being sprayed if he keeps it to a whine or low , quick , growl or bark . So it 's effective , but not perfect . I also do n't enjoy the smell of the citronella , but I 'll take the temporary smell over the noise .
 I have been telling everyone I know about the Gentle Spray collar . It works AMAZINGLY well . My dog used to howl and whine constantly , whether he was outside , inside or playing . It took him about 10 minutes to realize that the collar would spray him . I LOVE THIS THING !
 Every time my dog was let outside to play , he 'd bark like mad at people passing , dogs passing , cars going by , even people walking their dogs a block away within sight of him . It got really tiring and disturbing I 'm sure to some of my neighbors . He already wears a collar for the electronic fence , so I did n't want to get him a shock collar . This was my last resort and it worked like a charm ! After the very first spray , he quieted down . He tested it a couple of times with meek little barks and realized that if he barked , he got a spray . He is quiet as a lamb outside now , even with dogs he used to bark like mad at . I take the collar off him when he 's in the house so he can vocalize when he wants to . He gets that when the collar is off , he 's safe from the spray.It 's been about a month now and I 'm wondering if I can eventually let him out without the collar and see if he 's learned to stop barking . But I 'll wait a few months before I try that , until it 's ingrained in him that barking outside is a no-no .
 We just purchased another bark collar because we lost ours . The price on Amazon is SO good . We paid $ 35.99 on Amazon and went to Petco to check their price and it was $ 93.99 ! I was shocked.This is a great bark collar for our little dog -LRB- Bichon -RRB- . It just sprays citronella in her face and it only took that happening twice for her to stop barking while she 's wear the collar . It 's not too uncomfortable for her , though , because if she sees someone in the backyard she will bark softly just to alert us that someone is there that should not be.Great product
 The anti-bark collar worked the 2nd time it was on our Irish setter . This is a wonderful/humane product for the slightly to highly emotional animal .
 Amazing . I only needed one collar but I got two for both dogs . It works after just a couple sprays . And on top of that it 's safe and friendly for your dog because it 's only spraying citronella . Citronella actually is a plant that keeps bugs away , so it 's win win . The ONLY reason it did n't get 5 star is because the batteries that come with it are cheap . I 've only had a week and need new ones ... But they stopped barking , so maybe I do n't actually need them .
 The product works great ! My little doggy has barked once now when I leave and that is it ! He no longer annoys all of my neighbors . I am not sure how long the battery and can will last .
 I cant tell you how amazing this product is . I have a 11 year old beagle . We 've had a crazy barking and howling problem with him over 10 years . I cant tell you how many times we 've come close to almost giving up our sweetest dog due to his barking and howling issues . He get 's really worked up when he howls and that causes a ton of anxiety issues , when ever someone 's at the door or any one comes home . We tried everything but nothing worked , and we had just given up ; till we found this.He was totally surprised when the spray happened the first time . But literally within the first half hour he got it !! We dont use the collar all the time . But only when we want to curb his crazy behavior.Buy this product ... that 's all I can say ... and such a humane way . -LSB- we toyed with the idea of those electric one ... but never pulled the trigger on that -RSB-
 This collar works great ! I just wish it had a sensitivity control so my dog could grrr without being sprayed . We have 2 dogs and when one wears the collar , the other runs and hides . My thanks to Petsafe .
 We have one dog who barks at my son when he comes home . We tried positive reinforcement , but realized we were rewarding barking . This collar fixed the problem . Sometimes all I have to say is `` collar '' and he stops . It does not go off when my other dogs bark . The smell is annoying but does not hurt the dog . This is so much better than a shock collar .
 I have a `` barker '' she barks at everyone on the street , in the neighbor 's yards , trucks , motorcycles ... . I purchased this collar and this has really curtailed her barking . I am using it for behavior correction and could not stand the thought of the collars that give shocks so I decided to try this one . I would recommend it to any with a problem barker .
 I spent some time reading other reviews , including one specific to Dachsunds . I was leery of trying the electric shock collars and decided to try the citronella approach first . Item came quickly and was easy to assemble . We only loosely followed the training instructions and soon put the collar on when our dog was outside and when walking him . Surprisingly he learned very quickly what the barking consequence was . After only one or two walks , he stopped barking wildly as passers-by and other dogs . Finally , it was fun to walk the dog ! I was amazed.Since then things have gone fairly well . We use the collar daily , but not for long periods of time . Occasionally , he get angry at the collar and barks angrily at it and tries to bite at the collar . He takes a brief 20 second citronella shower and then comes back into line . I know he 's frustrated and angry temporarily , but I feel the elimination of the nuisance barking is worth it.Effective and economical . A little bulky for a 16 pound dog , but manageable . Collar trimmed to fit him . Easily adaptable to small to large dogs . Very happy we went this route first .
 We have a Weimaraner that goes absolutely NUTS when the UPS truck drives past the house , when kids are out playing , when other dogs are out for a walk , you name it . We got a second Weimaraner and the barking turned more than twice as obnoxious - our new dog would howl the entire time we were away from the house , in addition to barking with the first dog at all the times listed above . I bought one of these collars to see if we could make the howling stop . Well , I was AMAZED at the results the very first time we put it on him and he barked . He was completely startled and it INSTANTLY stopped the barking . In one day , the problem was completely solved - he has n't howled at all when we leave since then . We have actually been switching the collar back and forth between both dogs now , and the dog wearing the collar is perfectly well behaved while wearing the collar , or barks once and immediately stops . -LRB- However , we have found out that the dog not wearing the collar will start barking , and the other dog , the one wearing the collar , would get sprayed/startled even though he was n't the one barking -RRB- . So , I have now ordered a second collar so we can stop sharing . I expect that will cure the other barking too.Our Weimaraners have short hair and we have had no interference at all - not sure how it would work on a dog with lots of hair . Also , it does not work well if the dog is in the car and the window is down - we found that the air whistling past the collar sets it off , and the dog gets sprayed even when not making a sound . So , we 've had to remember to take it off/turn it off if they are going for a ride in the car . It does n't work too well if the dog is just whining , but we have found that it does work for any type of barking or growling.We can usually go 3-4 days between filling up the collar with more citronella , and the can that came with the collar still has spray in it two months later , so I 'm happy with how long it lasts . We have had no issues with the batteries running down either , but I do turn it off/take it off at night and when we 're playing with the dogs .
 This collar is an excellent training aid for teaching your dog not to bark . We previously tried the `` shock '' collar , which proved very ineffective . This collar worked immediately , and is much better psychologically for the animal . A dog 's sense of smell is their most sensitive sense , and with the immediate response the spray provides they quickly learn not to bark.The collar itself fits great , even on a small dog such as a Cairn Terrier . Everything worked exactly as advertised , and we plan to buy two more for our other dogs .
 Finally found a product that works fantastic and causes the dog NO PAIN.We are so happy to have discovered Spray Sense . It was recommended by afriend and we also recommend Spray Sense highly . We do not use it outside becausewe take his regular collar off to put this collar on when chances ofbarking would occur . It is WELL worth the try .
 My dog used to go out every morning and sit on our hill out back and bark and bark and bark . I have a very large fenced yard but the configuration of the houses is bowl shaped so the neighbors could hear him and one of them complained about the constant barking . I then found out that he barked continuously if they were in their back yard . This is not acceptable to me . I have had the collar a week . I had immediate results . The first time the collar sprayed , it distracted him from the barking and he stopped . Even when he does n't have it on , he does a muffled bark . It is important to test the collar each day as they say . One of the first times I put the collar on him , it did not work . I had not tested it . I think this is especially important after filling the collar . Once I `` activated '' the collar , it worked fine . I think the refills are a bit pricey but I really do n't know how long it lasts yet so I may change my mind .
 This collar works pretty good indoors , but it 's definitely not worth it out of doors . In our back yard our dog still responds to the spray somewhat , but when we 're camping she does n't even notice the spray . I think it carries away from her too quickly . Also the batteries do n't last very long . The battery that came with the collar was dead and we 're already on the second spare . We 've only had this collar for a few months and it 's not used all that often .
 I just received this product yesterday -LRB- it shipped in one day ! Amazing ! -RRB- and already it has worked miracles with my super yapper . We just moved to a new , dog-filled neighborhood and my jack russell/beagle mix could n't spend more than 30 seconds outdoors without barking her ever-loving head off . She was driving me insane , and I was worried that she would turn us into the pariahs of the neighborhood.When the Spray Sense Collar arrived , I immediately put it to use . It does take several minutes to assemble -- the collar , anti-bark unit , and citronella spray are packaged separately and you have to put the unit onto the collar . The directions are relatively clear , but if you are less than mechanically inclined , as I am , it might take a few `` huh ?! '' instances before the collar is finally threaded onto the unit properly . Filling the anti-bark unit with the spray is simple , but there 's no way to know if it actually filled properly unless you test it . Testing is simple though -- blow forcefully into the microphone . Just be sure it 's aimed away from your face because the spray shoots surprisingly far!I put the collar on my dog while giving her praise . She did n't seem to mind it , though I imagine it might be a bit awkward on smaller dogs . Now what happened next is the main reason I knocked a star off my rating
 Worked for our lab retriever mix who liked to go out and bark just to see if he 'd get any answer from the neighbor dogs . Used it everytime he went out for the first 4-5 days . He 'd bark once and that was it . Now we use it off and on but he has stopped barking so I think he really does n't need it anymore . I highly recommend this product .
 Since getting the collar , I reviewed it 's directions , and it seems easy enough to use , however I did get it for my Bichon 's trouble bark , and darned of he has n't pretty much stopped his behavior on his own ! But this I can testify to with certainty ... it arrived in my home with record speed , the order was 100 % accurate and as described . I have nothing but praise for the store owner !!!
 I got this product as a Valentine 's Day gift for my husband , as our 150 lbs Newfie puppy has quite a bark on him , and my husband was ready to do something drastic . Literally 4 barks later , our puppy has stopped barking , except in emergencies -LRB- like he REALLY has to go out -RRB- . I have already recommended this to all my barking friends , as it came faster that I expected -LRB- 3 days -RRB- , and worked on the first day . Thank you for saving my marriage and stopping the tensing and anxiety in our home ! What a great product ! Oh , and if your husband gets so happy about this product that he sings to the dog , watch out , it will spray then too ; now the dog runs away from my husband 's singing !
 This has been a great product for us - extremely effective at stopping our golden retriever from barking . Few problems : - Batteries die quickly - need replacing about every 6-8 weeks - this is a significant expense - I am buying our 3rd collar -LRB- over 4 years -RRB- because the dog destroyed the other two by chewing on them - make sure the collar is tight and out of reach of the dog when it is off !
 Product worked great , I used it on my 20 lb beagle to stop barking in his crate when I left . Collar must be used in conjunction with training techniques . I have trained my beagle that it is not okay to bark in his crate and use positive reinforcement when he is quiet . I do not have issues with the spray running out as he only gets sprayed once a day at the most . Great product when used as a training tool not as a bandaid for the issue .
 So I talked to my vet and he said this was the safest and most inhumane product that worked out there so I went ahead and tried it ! I just got a miniature dashund and I love her , but she would not let anyone sleep at night because she would be barking all night long , it was actually incredible how long she could bark ! I had neighbors complain and everything ! How EMBARRASSINGSo I needed to try something and this actually worked ! Half of the reviews were telling me it works and half were saying it didnt , but what do you have to lose ? If it does n't work on your dog , just return it ! But as for mine , she is so well behaved now ! I barely have to use it because I tell her no and she already knows what will happen if she continues ! So definetly worth the money to buy it ! = D
 This collar worked wonderfully to get my minature dachshund to stop barking at the neighbors dog . I really like the product , the only downfall is the batteries have lasted only 1 week even with turning it off when not in use and the only time my dog wears the collar is to go outside for anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour a few times a day .
 So we have tried thePetSafe Outdoor Ultrasonic Bark Deterrentwhen it was in the goldbox andPetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar -LRB- purchased at an exorbitant mark-up from a popular chain -RRB- . I think we have sucker tattooed on our dog 's collar , because he paid these no mind . But , we ran up lots of batteries.Buddy the Errant Lab barks at everything - he barks - then waits 5-10 seconds - then barks - then waits 5-10 seconds - and so forth -LRB- for hours if you let him , which we do not -RRB- . He is not a bark , bark , bark kind of boy . He goes for the - `` drives you slowly insane '' - kind of torture . The problem with a lot of deterrents is that they give a warning before going off - so Buddy would just get warning after warning after warning with no actual correction.So I purchased this and then decided not to use it . I was tired of failure . When my BFF got several notices from animal control that her goblin of a neighbor was complaining about her tiny dog barking at squirrels -LRB- possibly aliens too -RRB- - I told her to try it . She had nothing to lose , because the above previous purchases did n't work for her either . This did . After 3 weeks , his barking is significantly improved . Two months later , he may still bark at aliens , but luckily they only come every few days and visit for maybe a minute tops - so the neighbor has ceased complaining.So , I took it back to try on Buddy the Errant Lab to find that it had CEASED WORKING after a few weeks work . I purchased a new battery for nine Susan B. Anthony 's at the overpriced chain . That did n't work - but then I discovered a LIFETIME WARRANTY existed - and after one quick e-mail and just under two long weeks , I received back in the mail 1 upgraded bark collar , 1 new can of citronella , and 1 brand new battery . Score one for customer service!Buddy the Errant lab appears not to like the smell so much - even though the first few days he cleared the neighborhood 's mosquitoes with the cloud of citronella hovering over him . He has significantly reduced his barking and only occasionally requires a reminder - and there is no warning shot with this baby . The device is not so sensitive that it deploys when Scout the Conniving One barks nearby . However , after a few days , he acclimated and resumed some barking -LRB- although not to the same degree _ - this seems more like barking with purpose - like at riff-raff middle-schoolers walking by.Bottom Line
 We moved from a house to an apartment . Our dog was not used to the traffic that apartments have , so he was barking constantly . We got a complaint letter from management about his barking . We thought we were going to have to get rid of him until This product was recommended to me by a friend . It is amazing . You put it on your dog , the first time he barked , the spray came out and it scared the hell out of him . He barked maybe 3 times more getting sprayed . And that was it . We only put the collar on when we leave the apartment . As soon as he sees the collar , he starts shaking .
 This collar really works for our dog , as she was just starting to become a nuisance barker . It was recommended by a friend who is a vet . Works great !
 It works consistently , and I 've had no problems with battery life . Refilling the product is easy , and the scent has caused no allergy problems with my dog -LRB- she 's half lab , lemon scent -RRB- .
 We never could get our 11-year-old Jack Russell to stop barking at noises and guests and doorbells and the UPS truck or even at us when we would sneak a kiss in the kitchen , or hand each other something -LRB- jealousy ? -RRB- , etc. etc. etc. , and this was after a couple of doggy schools . Then we moved into a condo building where we had to do something -- our neighbors told us they could hear him bark while they were trying to sleep . So we bought the Citronella Bark Collar . Good grief , why did n't we do this years ago ? We were so worried about hurting the little dog 's feelings or something . But guess what ? He learned how not to bark , and in a completely humane way . I think he is much happier because we are all living in peace now . After all , he was genetically patterned to bark . Now he is patterned not to bark . And how does that happen ? He would bark once -- and get sprayed . You could see him stop short in a quizzical way . I could imagine he was saying to himself , What was that ? I did n't like that ! But it was n't a shock , it was just a spray of citronella . It really did n't take long before he truly taught himself not to bark , and I do n't think he misses barking either , especially because he gets a lot more praise . Just a tip -- spend time with your dog the first couple of times you have the collar on him , just so he will be secure . I hope this product works for everyone like it worked for us , because it has really made life better for us AND our dog . Money well spent .
 This is a great product unless your dog is as determined as mine ! My little Shih-tzu was quite shocked by this when he first had it on . -LRB- Quite amusing to watch ! -RRB- The first few days it worked great , but then he just decided to bark through it after he realized it was annoying but not harmful ! But it was worth a shot over the anti-barking alternatives .
 Well , I was a bit sceptical at first , but they work indeed . I have two very yappy dachsunds that bark at everything all the time for no reason . They actually frighten small children . Since buying one collar for each dog , the barking has significantly stopped and they are very quiet now . Most the time they are quiet , if the dogs do bark , they bark once and then stop for a very long time . I have my peace and quiet back and the dogs can be around children with no problem . I know the collars are humane and do n't hurt them at all . I know this because I took a direct spray right into my face and eyes , while it scared me silly , it did n't burn my eyes or anything like that and the citronella is n't overpowering . I am very pleased with the collars . Even when I take the collars off , the dogs are still much more quiet now . I give these collars a 5 . On a side note , the only thing I did n't like is there is no way to attach a leash to the collars . I had to modify them and put a clasp on them to walk the dogs . I am going to buy the dogs a walking harness , so that wo n't be a problem anymore.One last thing , the mic on the collars are very sensitive , if my wife is yelling at excitement at the TV when she gets an answer right for Wheel of Fortune , she will set the collar off . Maybe I should get her one so she shuts the heck up . Ha Ha funny .
 This product works like a charm on our feisty little cross-breed dog . I highly recommend it !
 This collar really works . My dog -LRB- a Cocker Spaniel-Yorkie mix -RRB- knows not to bark whenever it 's on . We do n't even have to fill the sprayer anymore ! It does n't irritate his neck and it does n't prevent him from eating or drinking while it 's on . We bought it on Amazon.com for less than half the price the major pet store chains are selling it for .
 These collars worked well on my two eighty pound mutts who were driving my neighbors nuts . The only issue I had was when we left the collars on , unsupervised , for a day . Our dogs proceeded to chew the collars off of each other , which defeats the purpose . I will say , though , after this , the collars still worked , I just had to rig a way to put the device on our normal collars . Be sure to supervise for a little while if you have giant puppies !
 I am very pleased with this product . I am fostering 2 walker hounds -LRB- one is 13 and one is 6 -RRB- . They stay in our barn and all of our neighbors started complaining the first night they were there . They are hunters and I think they knew there is a racoon in the barn ... so they barked all day and night . So I did some research and ended up buying 2 of these anti bark collars . They do work ... even on the old man . I only put them on at night and the dogs now know as soon as they are on . But when it is out of spray they start back up again . The only thing is that you ca n't tell when they are out of the spray . Also when 1 barks they both go off . But I DO RECOMMEND THESE COLLARS 100 % !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have used this on both my dogs since whenever they go outside in the morning -LRB- 5:45 am-6 :15 am -RRB- , they have the urge to bark . It has worked out so far . I have put the collar on and have forgotten to turn it on sometimes and just knowing it 's around their necks , the dogs have been behaving .
 Product works great !! My dogs does not bark when this collar is on !! It works great !!
 Our neighbor recommended the product for a Mini Pin we adopted . He is a world class barker and can yap for hours . The collar is way too big for his neck but we were able to make enough adjustments so that it fits him . Within the first hours of wearing the collar Max triggered the spray several times . He was startled but stopped barking . We are able to switch the device OFF and still realize the benefits . Max does n't know if it 's ON or OFF . He just knows he 's wearing it . We turn it ON if we 're leaving the house but usually have it switched in the OFF position . That 's saves the battery . The spray does n't have an unpleasant odor and disapates quickly.Max was very aggresive towards visitors to our home but the spray collar has worked in calming him . I 've read that a Mini Pin can be a handful but this product has really helped him . I just wish they made something to control his urge to lift his leg on our furniture ! We 'll have to keep working on that issue .
 This is a great product ! It worked very well for my little yapper . My Papillon would start barking when I was n't around so I could n't correct the behavior . With this collar I left him alone in a kennel and heard him bark only once then completely stopped . Once in awhile he will bark once or twice , but not out of control . This broke the cycle where he would escalate and get to barking incessantly . Now I do n't even put the collar on him and he does n't bark when I leave him in the kennel .
 This is a good product works better than th shock collor and easy on the pup ! at least no bugs
 For whatever reason I never considered buying a bark collar for my dog . But something needed to be done . He spends most of his time with me but if I leave him for say an hour and something outside makes a noise , he 'll bark relentlessly . So , I purchased this and was completely skeptical of it but for my dog it works wonderfully . It used to be that if I had carpenters in the house I would have to preoccupy my dog with treats to keep him from barking at them . Now , with this collar , he 's relaxed and calm when strangers come inside . And I can finally leave him without the anxiety of him bothering my neighbors . It has helped so much and it 's like having one bad behavior taken away . I definitely recommend this . If it helps , my dog is an Aussie/Border Collie .
 This collar stopped my 90lb . black lab from barking with the first use . He is a terrible barker bit not with this thing on .
 I have a small dog that likes to bark at everything and unfortunately , I like in an apartment complex and need to keep the noise down . I do n't agree with the shock collars so this is a nice alternative . It just sprays a foul smelling solution near her nose and startles her to stop barking . After a while , my dog got conditioned to staying quiet with my just putting the collar on her and not turning it on so she very rarely gets sprayed these days . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because it only reacts to very loud barks . If my dog is growling or doing a lighter sounding bark , it wo n't detect it and does not spray her . Otherwise , it 's a great training tool .
 Our large breed dog has a serious issue with barking when the door rings , or a visitor is at the house . A few warning barks would n't be a big deal , but our boy barks incessently to the point that people will either run away or apologize because he is going bonkers.The collar arrived on a Friday , and we put it on immediately . I was n't sure if I had to fill it before using -LRB- my husband discovered on the collar itself , that you do -RRB- . The first time was a learning experience for him -LRB- and take note this is without the citronella , just air -RRB- he barked several times in succession . It wasnt till the second time -LRB- still with just air -RRB- that he barked a few times , and then realized the cause and effect relationship . I was actually able to have a conversation with the person at the door without having to go outside ! Yesterday we filled the collar with citronella , and today is the first time he got a whiff of it . ONE BARK and he was done ! We will see how it goes from here , but it seems to be a great alternative to the shock collar . Also , I have seen refills for scentless spray , so that may also be something to look into when you decide to refill !
 I bought two of these for my Chihuahuas . At first my dogs were confused and barked more since it sprayed them but after a while they figured it out and began to bark less . The only complaint I have about it is when the battery dies it 's difficult to find a replacement in any store .
 Pros : Our dog , Lola is a 55 pound Olde English Bulldogge . Lola is terrified of the &#34; bark collar &#34; . All we have to do is say bark collar or show her the bark collar and she runs for cover and stops barking.Cons : Since our dog is terrified , she shakes and gets really quiet and timid . We get worried about her so we take the bark collar off her . The bad part about that is , she 'll start barking again in a day or two.In order to get results , you need to leave the collar on for over 1 week . However , I believe it would only take a week . We still bring the collar with us to family and friends houses so we do n't have to worry about her making too much noise .
 We bought 2 bark collars for our lab and aussie for when we go camping . When we walk them camping they bark and lunge at other dogs . Wow what a difference we went from agressive to docile just because the collar was around their neck . Then we have a neighbor whos dog barks all the time . When they were n't at home we put the collar on her -LRB- german shepherd -RRB- it was a very quiet afternoon . The neighbor was so thrilled they went and bought one . Then it was a topic of conversation at a party later that week . I should have taken out stock in this product , it really works and does n't bother the dogs at all . They stay happy just quiet . I hope the whole dog owner population buys this collar , the world would be a more peaceful place : -RRB-
 The collar is very sensitive and worked for my dog . It is easy to use . I particularly looked for it because my current dog is easily cowed and I was afraid to use shock correction . It 's helping while he grows past the ` impatience barking ' stage .
 I have a Border Collie who CONSTANTLY barked at the neighbor dogs . Within seconds of putting on the collar the barking stopped . He even avoids that section of the fence . Well made product that provides a humane solution to problem barking !
 I needed a collar that would help stop my dog from screaming when she went outside ; this one works great for that . Ca n't beat the price , either . I looked in many catalogs and online stores but Amazon had the best price . Easy to use and refill . Definitely recommend for dogs who freak out at shock collars . This is more humane and works for my dog . It 's not for all dogs ; our Newfoundland here just barks right through it so a shock collar is more useful for him .
 Our 1-year old King Cocker -LRB- King Charles Cavalier Spaniel & Cocker mix -RRB- had developed a nasty habit of barking/howling . He is pretty sensitive and the first spray of citronella stopped the barking and made him cower . He was caged the second time and apparently barked while we were gone ... when we returned he was happy to see us but the neigbors heard no barking . It gets results and the correction is not a punishment he connects with us . It works . The only nuisance is the off/on switch which should have a light to remind us when it is on or off . The Anti-Bark Collar was well worth the investment .
 We ca n't say enough good things about this product ! When we purchase two cute little miniature schnauzers we had no idea how much barking we were in for . They would bark at everything and it was loud . We purchased two collars when the pups were seven months old and we were a little skeptical . They work like a charm !! We put them on before they go out into our fenced backyard . The very first time with the collars on they ran over to the neighbors for their usual `` bark fest '' ... one bark , one citronella spray , a little startled and they both stopped . Now , they know if their collars are on , they had better not bark . Also , when my husband used to come home from work there was another `` bark fest '' . Now , I put the collars on just before he enters the house and voila , no barking . With time , I am sure this product will totally modify their barking habits ! If you have a barking dog problem , I strongly recommend this product !
 This collar does exactly what it says it does . My rat terrier barks at everything that makes noise . People in the attached appartnments will hit the wall accidently , and he goes nuts ! . I put it on him and he barked twice and got squirted twice . He does not like that whatsoever . But when I let him out , I take the collar off and he knows that it is his time to be a dog . And when he comes in , the collar goes back on , but I do n't turn it on . Though he thinks it is . And if anyone comes to the door , he 'll growl , to let me know someone is there . I ca n't believe how much this collar turned my dog to the good ! Thank you !!
 We live in the country and have two outdoor dogs . Both dogs are tormented during the overnight hours by the numerous coyotes that are around . It 's like the coyotes are standing just across the road from the dogs tormenting them on purpose ! -LRB- Our dogs are n't the only ones that are tormented by these coyotes . -RRB- We got one of these collars for the younger dog because it seemed that he was the only one that was barking . He has n't barked since ! He does n't like the smell of the citronella -LRB- it 's not harmful to the dog -RRB- and once the collar is on , he does n't make a sound . However , now that we 've stopped the younger one from barking , the older dog is now taking over . We 'll be ordering another one for him.The instructions that come with it advise this collar should not be on the dog 24/7 . I commend that - you do n't want to inhibit the dog from playing , etc. . We only use it at night and that seems to work just fine . I also really like that it 's a humane solution . I love my `` kids '' and am happy to use this collar so that they are not harmed by the collar .
 THIS A A GOOD PRODUCT . I LIKE IT BETTER THAN SCHOCK COLLARS WE HAVE TRIED . IT IS A LITTLE LARGE FOR OUR 14 POUND COCKAPOO . IT DOES WORK WELL . NORMALLY , HE ONLY BARKS WHEN THE DOORBELL RINGS . WHEN HE HAS THE COLLAR ON , HE ONLY BARKS ONCE AND THEN HE STOPS . I HAVE RECOMMENDED THIS PRODUCT TO FRIENDS .
 My dog used to just randomly bark and not stop . He literally got sprayed w the citronella maybe 4 different occasions and it has n't happend since !!! So easy !!
 This product works as it is intended . Dogs really seem to dislike the Citronella . We had a dog that was a constant barker at everything -LRB- outside doggie -RRB- . We tried this collar and it worked great . The only negative I thought was the battery life and if you have a constant barker like we did you go thru the citronella pretty fast ! Which can become expensive
 I have an 11 pound mutt and a 30 pound mutt and this collar works great for both of them . We recently moved into an apartment complex and I was worried that the dogs would start barking at all the new sounds . After getting sprayed a few times by this collar they have learned not to bark . The collar might not work for all dogs , but it works great for mine .
 A great find . Stops barking immediately . Regrettably it also sprays when the dog sneezes . Citronella scent does not linger for very long , it dissipates quickly . My dog chewed up the 1st one that I purchased -LRB- when she was not wearing it -RRB- , so I purchased another one and I am careful not to leave it where the dog can get to it .
 We 've had a Morkie for a couple of years now who has always had a barking problem . We leave the room for 30 seconds , or let her out on the patio by herself and it 's like she ca n't help but bark continuously . We 've tried the shock collar and while that helped some , eventually she would get so desperate to bark she 'd do it even knowing that she was going to get shocked ... RIDICULOUS!I saw some other reviews from people who had smaller dogs like ours who reported success so I figured I 'd give it a try . WOW . The difference is like night and day . We let our dog out on the patio with this collar on ... heard 1 or 2 barks then silence , wonderful silence . She can take a shock but do n't bring out the citronella , no way , she knows what 'll happen when she barks and she knows it 's not worth it!This collar actually has a microphone on it that picks up the barking sound instead of our shock collar which has a sensor that touches her neck to detect a bark . We had a problem with the other collar where it would slide to the side and not be as effective.I was happy to see that the collar comes with a can of refill spray . We usually top it off before putting it on her . She is apparently smart enough to know that when the collar is n't on she can bark away , she even knows when it 's turned off . I think what she does is bark once to see if anything happens and if she gets a spray she 's quiet for a while . She does sometimes whine or make other less loud noises.If you 've got a small dog that wo n't shut up , definitely give this a try ... looking back I wish I 'd tried this before we tried the shocking collar .
 We have tried everything with our two dogs . This has worked and they do n't seem to mind . And the neighbors can now sleep .
 I bought this on the recommendation of our trainer . Our complaint was that we could not use the vacuum in the house without the dog barking like crazy . We put this on , instant fix . After two or three times around , now we just show him the collar and he stops barking . We 're going to take it with us on vacation just in case he starts barking in the hotel this will stop him cold.Always make sure the device is full before putting it on the dog . Do n't run out of citronella , buy an extra .
 One bark and my golden had the idea . After wearing it for several nights , she did n't need to wear it every night . No more `` recreational barking '' at every little thing . Every month or so , she needs to wear it again as a refresher , but definitely worth having .
 This is a humane way to teach your dog not to bark . I have two small Coton de Tulears . We live high on a mountain so they are not around people or noises very often so any sound gets their attention and they bark . One of my dogs is pretty high anxiety . The collar really traumatized her at first but now she is used to it and will not bark just by putting it on and NOT turning it on . You do smell the citronella for a short while but that is what makes this work without shocks or anymore verbal commands . The smell does NOT linger for very long or scent my dog . I am ordering a second one so they BOTH have one on when we are expecting company .
 This is a fabulous product ! My mixed-breed rescue dog barked at every noise . With the Gentle Spray he learned to be quiet in 2 weeks . Now he only wears the collar for occasional reinforcement . I followed the product 's directions , and now the words , `` Good quiet , '' are all he needs . He disliked the citronella , but it certainly did not hurt him .
 The bark collar works beautifully . After the first spray of Citronella Tyler decided he really did n't want to bark at other dogs , ducks , birds etc. etc. . I only put the collar on him when I walk him However , if he is barking when out on the lanai all I have to do is walk out with the collar in my hand for him to stop . It really is great .
 This product was great ! My dog was barking so much , especially when I was in the shower or on the phone . I think it took about 4 hours with this collar on and getting sprayed about 3 times to end the barking . Now I just put it on her a few times a week as a reminder , but she hardly ever barks . I would reccommend this collar to anyone ! It does n't hurt your dog and is really easy to use .
 I have tried most everything to stop my dog from barkingand finally found Spray Sense . It not only works wonderfullyit is also very economical .
 This product really does work ! I tried two `` ultrasonic '' items before this collar . Neither worked for my dogs . The spray collar worked immediately . There is NO DANGER to the dog . With our two dogs as soon as the collar goes on they know that if they bark they will be sprayed . One dog sulks when the collar is on but does not bark . The other dog simply does not bark with the collar on . Both dogs are small Shih Tzu and the collar fits really well . I bought one collar to try out and since it worked so well I immediately bought a second .
 I have 5 dogs -LRB- both small and large -RRB- and did n't know if this would work on any or all of them . I can tell you this is a miracle worker on all the dogs . Some of them will still try barking while wearing it but only one or two times and the barking stops . The others wo n't even try to bark with it on . The only buyers remorse I 've had with this product is that I did n't get it years ago . Great product .
 I have a German Shepard/Chow mix now for 4 years and he barks at almost anything and he 's LOUD . We bought a shock collar and it didnt work that well thru his long hair and when it did work ... he just kept barking and yelped at the shocks . I got this collar and hooked it up and the first bark , he got sprayed and was like `` WTF '' . I think he 's barked 3 times in 5 days which is a new record for him . I hope he just doesnt get use to it and start barking again and ignoring the spray like he did the shocks . Ill write another review in a month or so ... but for now this has been the best thing i bought to control his barking so far ... thanks .
 I have two miniature dachshunds that bark at any sound they hear . Living in an apartment complex means I get yelled at by neighbors when they do , especially when I 'm not home . This collar works great ! It immediately stops them from barking . My only issues are the 1 . it is HUGE and really looks and must feel awkward on the little weiners . 2 . It is very sensitive and so will often go off if they scratch themselves or shake their head .
 My little yapper quieted down the first day . My neighbors are happy . I have been using it for a few weeks and have already gone through one battery . I do n't turn it on all of the time so she is never quite sure . The on-off switch does not seem to work . I have tried testing it in the off position and sometimes it still sprays .
 Good product , come with life warranty & great customer service.send one to repair , fast respond , fix it & ship back to me all no cost , great !
 I have an extremely vocal terrier mix , and one spritz from this collar was all it took . He now vocalizes much more softly , not triggering the collar . Absolutely wonderful by me !
 I bring my dog to work with me . We are open to the public and he had a very bad habit of barking at everyone that approached the dog pen . My boss was very upset about this and was threatening to not allow him to come anymore . I only use the collar when he is in the pen , it works very well . He only barks once , gets sprayed and immediately stops . I 've only been using the collar for about a week and he is already at the point where he does n't bark at all most of the time , even without being sprayed . I do wish it was waterproof though , that is my one complaint .
 We got these collars and they work wonderfully for our two insane barkers . While replacing a battery one of the doors of the collars was lost and I contacted the manufacturer to see where I could get a replacement . Within 24 hours they contacted me and shipped out a new door and BATTERY at no charge.Don ' t see that kind of service too much these days and I just wanted to say how great they are !
 I have a yappy Pom and after only wearing this a few times and getting sprayed he no longer barks for fun . This thing is great !!!! The price was awesome too . I saw this in a local store for double the price .
 Bella , a fun-loving black lab pup that loves to bark at anyone who does n't pay attention to her , only needed to get sprayed twice before stopping the barking . She still barks , but now it 's only when she should be barking . And since it 's not harmful , I was happy to try it . I would recommend this product !
 This product is awesome ! I was concerned about using this with our Blue Healer due to her anxious nature . She always sits well for us to put bandanas , leashes and this collar around her neck . We put it on just before she goes out and tell her she needs to be quiet . She barked once the first couple times and now does not . I always wait by the door for her to come back when she is done and I think that helps . If I let the dogs out to play I have not had her wear it . We also have the ultrasonic bird housePetSafe Outdoor Ultrasonic Bark Deterrentwhich I hope will help during those times . We also use this with our big baby , a German short-hair/pointer , she gets whiny in the evenings and we have had her wear it in the house and sometimes it will spray just with her whining .
 We bought this bark collar for our beagle 3 months ago . She is a sweet dog but we were afraid that her occasional barking and baying at passersby would wake up our new baby . Her barking was curbed within the weekend.She is a rescue dog and can be timid at times so we were cautious about how she 'd feel about it . The spray is an annoyance to her but she is not afraid of it . At first she did n't associate the spray with her barking and would not go back to the same spot where she 'd gotten sprayed for fear it would happen again . It took her a few days to get the association but now she seems to understand . The downside is that it 's very sensitive , so it sprays even when she sneezes or coughs . To minimize that , we only put it on her when she 's in the fenced yard and not when she 's inside . The box warns that it will not eliminate all barking , and I 'm confident that if we were in danger she 'd still bark and risk the consequence . We 've had to replace the battery once but are still using our first can of citronella spray refill . This was well worth the money .
 This citronella spray collar works great right from the first time we put it on our beagle . We had tried another brand of spray collar , and although it was a lighter smaller device , it sprayed a lemon scent and was a lighter spray that we could not hardly tell if it was working . Our beagle did decrease his barking a little , but not very much.This Premier SpraySense citronella collar is bigger and heavier , but not too big for our 30 lb beagle . The spray is heavier and more noticeable , but not enough to wet the dog or anything else around him . The first time he wore it outside , he barked once , was startled and looked around for where the spray came from , but did not bark again when outside for that period . The next time outside , same thing , one bark and that was it . Third time was no barking at all . Same with fourth and fifth time.We will only use the collar for when we let him in the back yard alone in the late evening or early morning , not all day . And I suspect that we will use it regularly for only for a short time -LRB- few days or a week -RRB- and he will be trained enough that we may not need it again . That happened with my sister 's dogs ; they got sprayed once that that was it . Now she only shows them the collar and they stop barking . -LRB- But I do n't know that she uses the same brand collar , only that it was a citronella spray collar . -RRB-
 I have a 12 pound Pomeranian that yaps non-stop when I 'm gone , much to the delight of the neighbors in my building . I got the kind of shock collar that starts mild and increases in intensity until the dog stops barking , and I tested it on my own neck to make sure it was n't going to zap the little guy into next week . -LRB- I wonder what the neighbors thought of me barking when I tested it ? -RRB- In spite of the fact that the lowest setting was so mild that I thought the thing was n't even working , it terrified poor Sonny . Just the sight of it would cause him to become hysterical.Since I did n't have the heart to do that to him , but I had to shut him up or get rid of him , I tried the citronella collar , even though it sounded like a silly idea to me . I mean , what difference could a spray of citronella make?To my amazement , it took him about two trial barks to decided that he should keep his opinions to himself . If something happens that seems really threatening to him he will bark in spite of the collar , so I do n't keep it on all the time , for fear he 'd get used to it and start to ignore it.He still tries to hide under the bed when he realizes that I 'm going somewhere , but it is n't a fearful hiding . It 's simply His Imperious Majesty wishing to avoid having a mere servant prevent him barking whenever he feels like it . After all , who 's in charge here ?
 I have a brussels griffon / schnauzer mix who is very barkative . Bought this collar and TADA no more barking ! My only issue is that the collar is too long and it slides around his neck when it is set to the smallest adjustment .
 I was very doubtful about this product after trying everything on our beagle/dachshund mix who was driving us crazy with her barking . Put this on her and after just one squirt keeps quiet when collar is on . Much more peaceful .
 The citronella collar works great at first however , after a few days my dog decided that the spray emitted from the collar was something to try and catch , so he would bark and then bite at the spray over and over again . It would probably work better if my dog was n't so playful all the time .
 This is the best idea that safely keeps a dog from barking over all the little things like the UPS truck , garbage truck , doorbell sound on a commercial , or squirrel jumping tree to tree in the yard.n It does not harm them which is the best part .
 Petsafe GentleSpray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog CollarWhat a great surprise to find this works without shocking my `` son '' . Max is a very protective mini Dachshund who did not know when to stop barking . Now my problems are over . Thank you .
 We used this on our American Eskimo who used to LOVE to bark a lot whenever anyone was walking past the house , and would bark even more when they came to the door . After being sprayed a few times , he has learned not to bark at all ! The only downside is sometimes it is triggered when our other dog barks , so he gets punished by mistake . We are getting another collar for the second dog .
 When our dogs are wearing it , they do not bark . They have figured out that they can do a little rumble but that 's about it . They also do n't wrestle aggressively with this on . I can only assume it goes off when they get too vocal in their play . You can get replacement batteries pretty inexpensively here on Amazon . I got some in a six pack for a great price and they work great !
 This product was recommended to me for my sheltie pup by the dog trainer at Petco as a more humane way to discourage repetitive barking than the usual no-bark collars that give the dog an electical shock . The emitted scent of citronella is not unpleasant and does seem to interrupt the bark cycle . My dog sniffed a couple of times with the first ejections of the scent and then stopped barking while wearing the collar . It works . -LRB- I tried it myself by holding up the cannister to my voicebox and found the scent acceptable . -RRB- The downsides of the product are that the cannister containing the citronella must be refilled fairly often , the cannister is heavy enough to hang down under my dog 's mouth that the collar loosens , and the collar was not `` bite proof , '' meaning that my pup was able to bite the collar and it dropped from his neck . That said , I bought a leather replacement collar and a new supply of citronella for refills of the cannister . The product does work and it is a kinder , gentler way to discourage barking when silence is a must .
 I ordered this product after reading 5 star reviews and so glad I did . My Pekingnese dog is such a barker and was driving me crazy with his constant barking . Tried so hard to correct his problem without any luck at all.My order came in 4 days after I ordered it . I used it immediately he barked 4 times and at last peace and quiet . So amazed and thankful that finaly he stopped barking for no reason at all.Would highly recomend this to anyone with the same problem I had .
 Due to all the other wonderfully positive reviews , I decided to try this bark collar for my maltipoo . He already has an invisible fence collar which he NEVER sets off but I did n't want to confuse him by getting any kind of vibration or zapping collar . This collar works wonderfully . Literally the first time he wore it , he barked once and never again ! I could n't get over it . His trigger is the doorbell and the UPS delivery man . If he sees his truck and then he rings the bell , he goes ballistic . Then when I try to bring the package in , he tries to attack the packages ! It 's a crazy ritual that had become unbearable . Especially because I order a lot from Amazon and I get a good amount of packages . I can now bring in my packages and he just sits there , he does n't bark and he does n't go into his attack frenzy mode . I honestly feel this is a miracle . And I love the fact that it 's safe and perfect for a small dog . Now I can relax if someone comes to the door and rings the bell . People will think we got rid of our dog he 's so quiet . But it 's such a pleasure . I do hope eventually he will not bark when the collar is not on because right now he still knows he can bark if he is n't wearing it and I do n't have him wear it all day or when he 's outside wearing his invisible fence collar .
 We bought this collar for our Pomeranian who is a sweet dog but has a bit of separation anxiety and her barking drove our neighbors crazy when we would leave . We got this collar , and after the first couple barks , she realized what was happening . From then on , when the collar was on , she would not bark , and we were able to live in peace with our neighbors.After about 6 months of using the collar about 8 hours a day , five days a week , the battery ran out . Our dog eventually learned the collar no longer worked , so she was n't 100 % quiet with it on . I bought new batteries , and the collar seemed to work again for about a month or so , but it no longer appears to be working.For the price of the collar , I 'm ok with paying to replace it every 7 or 8 months ... it is well worth it to me to keep our neighbors happy and our dog quiet .
 After just letting my dogs bark and keeping them away from everything that provoked them from barking , we thought we 'd try these collars out . We were hesitant to try anything that would hurt or harm our dogs and so the idea of a non toxic spray was appealing.Pros
 I have an old beagle who decided in her dotage that she would bark when ever she did n't get her way , she was becoming intolerable , barking at all hours of the night , disturbing everyone around . She is extremely fragile , with a heart condition , and I felt a shock collar could kill her . I will admit I was very skeptical about this spray collar but I was desperate , anyone who has owned a beagle will know that they are difficult at best to train.So I tried the collar , and I am very happy to report it works , Tallys barking has returned to its normal level , which was infrequent , it happened quickly , within a few days , we followed the directions on the box , which are very important , and had good results . I ca n't promise this will work for every dog , but it worked well for ours , without resorting to shocks . I do n't think you can just hang this collar on your dog and expect it to work , although I do ocassionaly with Tally to refresh her training , I feel it is very important to do the training outlined in the instructions , and you will get results fairly quickly . I am quite satisfied with this product .
 No more scaring the kids coming from the bus stop ! Now she deose n't even go outside when she hears them . Why bother ?? LOL.VERY happy with this !
 We bought this as a replacement to the same collar which we had before but was unfortunately left within reach and chewed up while we were out . We use this on our Border Collie/Aussie mix . It works very well for her because she hates to be sprayed with anything . It does nothing for our lab who could n't care less about being sprayed . We use the collar sparingly and it works perfect for us . At one point we tried leaving the collar on nearly full time for a week and it stopped having an effect on our dog . Now we use it only when necessary .
 Calms the barkingest dog ... worked wonders on my wife 's miniature dachshund . Kinda funny to watch too . I love that it can be refilled .
 So glad we purchased this product . Bentley , a 20lb schnauzer , barked at everything . We tried a lot of things to break him of this habit and non of them worked . Now Bentley does n't even wear the collar any more . All I have to do is show the collar to him and he immediately stops barking . One downside - the collar is very sensitive . If our other dog was in the same vacinity and barked Bentley would get sprayed .
 Just have to get the unscented sprayer of citronella.A bit overpowering but very effective for the barking dog that wo n't stop .
 The item became in handy when my dog would bark at other animals on television . I would recommend this item to any noisy dogs !!
 used it for a few months and just taking it out to show it to my min-pin he no longer shrieks at anything and everything walking near the house .
 We have three of our own dogs plus one temporary visitor . They all barked incessantly at every provocation -LRB- doorbell , other dogs barking , and people on the street -RRB- . We first bought one collar and rotated it among the dogs , but they figured out that they could bark when the collar was removed , so we bought three more . Now we have peace and quiet , and the neighbors can enjoy their outdoor spaces without hearing our dogs barking .
 Thought I would give this a try as I have two dogs , and when one barks the other barks , then they bark at each other because they always have to have the last bark . Drives me nuts ! It actually worked out better than expected . Of course the male cocker caught on quick , he does not like the spray when he barks . And after a few days , it is much more peaceful . No more crazy barking from them both when the doorbell rings . The male dog has stopped barking when wearing the collar . Now the female cocker , thats another story . She does not like the spray , but will bark knowing she is going to get it . Although it does slow her down a little , not as much as the male dog . I thought if it worked well on both , I would order another , but I have decided since the male took it so well and is under control for the most part , I will use it for the female when she is being testy . The fragrance is a lemony citronella , which I like . Some may not . It freshens the house up really well during the first few days you use it , like a timed air freshener . Now I rarely smell it any more . Overall , I recommend giving it a try , as for the cost , it was well worth it to me . I would buy it again . I found after the first few days , the mic could hang a good two inches loose off the dog and still picked up his bark with no problem . Just bought my 3 pac refill to keep on hand .
 I am keeping a friends dog for her indefinitely . He 's very sweet and the perfect watchdog . His favorite activity is watching the world go by through the sliding glass door . Problem is , he barks at everything . And being in a high traffic area of my apt . complex , it was getting to be too much.The first time I put the collar on him , he did n't bark for hours for some reason . Then he barked and I heard the little `` woosh '' of the spray and he came running into the other room to me with his head down like `` WTF just happened ? I 'm scared ! `` I have not had a single problem after that . He barks every once in a while , but only once . Now I love this dog , but I have to admit , he 's not the sharpest tool in the shed . I read reviews where some dogs figured out ways to circumvent the collar . Not my dog . He 's under it 's spell . He barely ever barks even when the collar is off of him.It 's been more than a month now and I do n't think I 've been through half the original bottle . Your mileage will vary , obviously.Little tip
 My Chi/Italian Greyhound mix is a very nervous boy . I could not leave him at home without him screaming every 20-30 min , despite having 2 cats home with him . I tried hiring a dog walker for an hour each day to spend time with him and take him out . That didnt work , I tried hiding special treats around the house , and again nothing , leaving him some of my clothes was useless and the crate was his worst nightmare . It was to the point of being evicted . Then I saw the SpraySense on Amazon and firgured why not?It is a miracle . He knows now when the collar is on its quiet time . Some times I dont even need to use the device , just simply put the collar on him . Now he can stay home alone a few hours a day and I do n't worry about getting evicted .
 I was VERY skeptical in purchasing a citronella dog collar , but since I live in an apartment and barking can be a serious problem for other tenants , this was my last resort . I had previously purchased a `` shock '' collar which I did n't want to buy but after accidentally touching both terminals , I felt like I put my finger in a lamp socket , so I threw it out without trying it on my dog . My dog do n't bark alot in the first place , but when she does , she lets out a shrill bark . After putting on the Citronella collar , she at first , `` literally jumped '' up when she barked . After that , she barked and started looking around as to what happened when the spray came out . You can not smell the citronella at all . Since that first day , she has stopped barking and we are very surprised and satisfied this collar works . She is a hyper dog and this collar has calmed her down alot also to our surprise . The only strange thing about the collar is that when she growls loud , it also activates and that too startles her . She is happy with the collar on and plays and runs around like usual with no problems . We had to pen her up when we went out , but with the collar , she can run the apartment and she is a happier dog . Since the very first day she got this collar on she is a different dog now and barking is all but gone . She is now learning to now give a low `` gruff '' sound to try to beat the spray which is funny to see . I highly recommend this collar to everyone who has a dog with a barking problem . We tried everything else and we are so glad we found this safe way to stop the barking . Buy one , you 'll be surprised at the speed your dog takes in stopping to bark .
 Background
 After years of living with my two terrier mixes who barked at everyone they saw out the window , everyone who came into our building , other dogs , skateboarders , bicyclists , trucks with more than two axles , the raising or lowering of metal gates and garage doors , and at any sound they even thought they heard regardless of the time of day or location , I have finally found a solution , and it 's this citronella collar.Now let me say this at the outset
 Anyone who has ever owned a dachshund of any sort can tell you they bark . Alot . So in our house we have 4 very yappy , very spoiled dachshunds who bark to bark . Using one collar shut all 4 up , so it was the best investment EVER in our opinion .
 Our little shihtzu is the ring leader of our three dogs . Whenever she barks , the others go into a frenzy . Whenever she 's quiet , so are they -LRB- unless there 's good reason to make noise otherwise -RRB- . This collar worked immediately ! Although it is a little too bulky for us to leave on our 14-lb dog while she is unattended , we are comfortable having her wear it out in the yard , on walks , and at other times when she previously was accustomed to barking . Our house has never been so quiet . This product is superb !
 I just received 2 of these collars today and wasted no time trying them out on the lab/pointer mix and border collie/aussie mix I adopted from the local shelter as fairly young pups . They are both about 2 years old now . I read the instructions carefully and decided to use the collars as the training tool the enclosed pamphlet suggests - rather than just an anti-barking device because the dogs will generally hush if I ask them to unless there is someone at the door or there is a dog out front . At those times , I can do very little to control the barking , jumping at the windows , etc. . Well , I have to admit , the collars worked amazingly well . Both dogs stopped reacting immediately to people walking past the house . The lab mix took 2 sprays -LRB- only 2 - it 's a miracle -RRB- , border collie only 1 . Here 's the problem . Now , after only 3 sprays -LRB- in about 45 minutes -RRB- , my dogs are convinced that the living room is haunted . Both dogs have run out the front door , which is right off the living room . I was able to lure both back in , but I 'm certain that if either dog had barked and set the collar off again , the dogs would have run - probably into the busy street . Neither dog has ever tried to charge the door before - ever ! Even when the wooden door is wide open and the storm door is standing open an inch -LRB- it does n't latch -RRB- . I have had a contractor working in the house every day for a month - going in and out the door constantly - and the dogs just lay near the door or bark at the windows next to it . So , reluctantly , I have to stop using the collars immediately and physically restrain the dogs when I want to open the front door . Hopefully , the dogs will forget their fears and can go back to being happy -LRB- if overexcited -RRB- . In case anyone is wondering , I did read the part where it says not to use the collars on dogs with anxiety issues . Believe me , these dogs seemed happy and fairly well-adjusted before today , just loud when overexcited . So , great product , but be careful!UPDATE ! 2/2012 The dogs no longer think the living room is haunted and they are much calmer when people walk past the house . The pups just needed so more time to get used to the collars . Lots of treats for letting me put the collars on them etc. . I gave one of the collars to a friend whose dog barked outside all day - and life is much calmer for them too !
 I had tried other bark collars from static to spray and never had much luck . The static collars worked but I felt they were cruel to the animals . The other spray collars I bought were too small and ran out of spray and batteries quickly . I ended up taking them off and never using them again even thought I spent about $ 200 on two.My friend recommended the spray sense collar to me because she had such great success with it herself . She even only puts it on one dog at a time and the spray quickly stopped the barking . I purchased my own for my dog and it started working immediately . It takes just a little time for them to realize what is going on but my dog trainer told me that the collar works because it is impossible for a dog to bark and smell the spray at the same time.I ended up buying one for my other dog as well and the problem barking stopped for her too . They used to be uncontrollable when people came to the door or when they saw people on the other side of our fenced in yard . Our neighbors have five dogs who are constantly barking and that would set them off too . Today I they were outside while people were playing tennis in the court behind our house and I did not hear even a peep . I am not sure they even get sprayed anymore because they do n't try to bark.Now I do n't even have to leave the collars on or even switched on all the time . They have learned not to bark . The spray sometimes comes out when they are hopping around and being too hyper as well so that is an advantage because they have learned not to do that so much anymore either.Overall , this is the best anti-spray product I have ever purchased and it is worth way more than what I paid for it . Just make sure the collar is always full of spray and to take it off if your dog gets especially nervous in a certain situation . Always give them a break from time to time and take it off every night before bed .
 Love it ! Works like a charm for my Old English Sheepdog . Tried the rechargable shock collar but it never stopped the barking .
 I own a 19 pound dachshund mix , a shelter rescue . Before I got this collar , he would bark hysterically and lunge at any passing bicyclist , jogger , skateboarder , or general adolescent male on our walks -LRB- and at the postman 's truck , and at the garbage truck ... and at the school bus -RRB- . He would also bark at strangers coming into the house . I tried many methods to train him to stop , but nothing worked . I have had the collar for nine months now , and it is a godsend.The collar has changed everything . The first time I put it on him , it took three barks for him to learn to stop . By coincidence , on that first walk , some city workers were trimming trees in the neighborhood . These workers were wearing bright orange vests and held whirring chainsaws . What would have sent him into a frenzy the day before now left him unfazed . No hackles raised , nothing . It was as if he did not even notice them.Behaviorally , he had a difficult time around people when I first adopted him . He was n't properly socialized . The barking did n't help -- people could never get close to him , and he remained afraid and aggressive toward them . Now , he is vastly improved , and can meet new people and be nothing but sweet to them . He still wears the collar almost every day . He does not mind it at all , but I admit it looks somewhat ridiculous hanging there on his tiny neck . Still , it has changed both our lives . He is much better adjusted dog now , and I am certain that this collar has given him a chance to live a better life and behave in a healthy way . I strongly recommend the spray sense collar .
 I purchased the collar because my cocker kept barking at anything that passed the yard . The concept is outstanding , but the collar kept loosening . I asked someone with experience to put it on my dog and it did the same thing . It looked like a necklace on him . At any rate , he is barking less , so it was well worth the purchase !
 The collar works great . Within two days of putting it on one of my dogs , she had stopped the raucous barking that always accompanied my husband returning home . It does n't keep her quiet all of the time , but her barking is down to a very reasonable level . We liked it so much , we bought another one for one of our other dogs , who also had a tendency to bark too much .
 This type of anti-bark dog collar was recommended by a veterinarian . I had never heard of it , before then , but it WORKS ! And , there is the `` Pavlov 's Dogs '' effect , meaning , that once my dog experienced the spray each time she barked , I just needed to attach the collar , without activating the sensor/spray response , and she stopped barking , saving spray solution ! The Amazon.com price is very reasonable -LRB- compared to the shock/ultrasound collars I 've previously tried -RRB- and delivery was prompt ! My neighbors and I are EXTREMELY satisfied .
 We picked up this device on the advice of our dog trainer to keep our dog from barking up a storm when we needed him to stop -LRB- ex / when people come over -RRB- , while still treating him humanely . While getting the strap on the device and adjusted was a little difficult at first , once it was all put together properly its very easy to put on and take off the dog . Refilling is very easy ; however the number of sprays the device offers on a single fill up is a bit lower than I would have hoped -LRB- ~ 25 -RRB- . Now to the most important question - Does it work ? ABSOLUTELY , YES ! At first our dog was a little confused what was going on , but he quickly figured out it was the barking that was triggering the device . Within 10 minutes of wearing it the first time , the barking all but stopped . Its so effective that if we even take the collar out and lay it on the counter , he knows he 's being bad and usually stops without even having to put it on . Now - it does n't work all the time , at times he ca n't hold back and just barks at people at the door - taking a spray with each bark . He does n't do this too often - but he is willing to accept a bit of spray to get a few barks in . Once in a while I do notice the collar spray when he gives a good shake - so it can accidentally fire when the dog is n't barking , but it does n't happen too often . Overall though , we are very happy with how well the product works.Pros : + Works great & very effective at controlling his bark + Harmless citronella spray smells good + Reasonably priced + Easy to take on and off once adjusted properlyCons : - Limited number of sprays per refill - A bit larger than I originally expected -LRB- still relatively small -RRB- - Occasionally sprays when our dog shakes his body
 My dog had the habit of sitting on the back porch and barking incessantly at the raccoon that lived on the backyard neighbors garage . As a result , I could n't let her be outside much in the summer . This worked within two barks . I highly recommend it .
 What a difference ! We never tried a shock collar , so I ca n't compare , but this Spray collar works GREAT ! We have a Jack Russell/Beagle who patrolled our fence , barking ALL the time at EVERYTHING . The collar got immediate results . It stopped the barking and now -- just a few weeks later -- she is almost trained to not bark without it . Our neighbors are so grateful !
 I first used the Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar over one year ago . Within a couple of days of using the collar my dog stopped her barking and a put the collar away . My dog recently started baking again and I dug the collar out of a drawer and found it was no longer working correctly . I contacted Premier and let them know about the problem . They told me to return it for a replacement . I am happy with the product and appreciate the customer service they have provided .
 The Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar has been a godsend for us . Our 10-month-old puppy had picked up a new bad habit
 Max the Dachshund was far from the worst barker , but he had a habit of sitting by the French doors -LRB- his only way to see the outside world -RRB- and barking occasionally at a squirrel or bird , or maybe just the leaves of trees rustling in the wind . Not rapid barking , but persistent . When you told him to stop , he 'd look at you , and then in true dachshund fashion , he 'd stop long enough to let you know he understood you , but resume soon enough to let you know he had a dachshund will of his own . So finally we ordered this collar.It instantly stopped his barking-at-nothing-in-particular habit . When something really noteworthy happened -LRB- someone at the door -RRB- , he 'd still bark , but that 's okay -- we want him to bark when someone 's at the door.After about three days , we removed the collar -LRB- we always removed it at night -- Max never barked then anyway -RRB- . About a week later , he started the irritating barking again , but the return of the collar stopped that instantly and after a day we removed it again . The mere threat of the return of the collar seems to keep the barking in check . I 've read reviews from people who felt they had to leave the collar on , even if turned off , but we have n't had to do that . In fact , I 've joked that the thing was so effective , so quickly , that I wo n't feel it was worth the money unless I get the collar out occasionally and spray Max just for the heck of it.The citronella smell is very faint , at least to this human nose , and pleasant -LRB- to human noses -RRB- anyway.I suspect every dog will react differently , but for Max this thing was perfect .
 the product was just as it was explained and has worked well so far . Just remember to keep the citronella filled in the collar : -RRB-
 I struggled with buying a bark collar for a long time . I researched humane collars . When I read that spray collars were approved by the humane society , I felt more comfortable . My only regret is waiting so long to buy this . I first tested it on myself . My dog only seems surprised when she is sprayed . Pairing it with treats for good behavior after she stops barking has dramatically helped .
 We adopted a 4 year old min pin and she tortures the neighbor kids and everyone else with ferocious barking . She does not like the citronella smell at all and only barks once , or very softly . If she barks softly , it doesnt go off , but then she at least isnt as loud and abnoxious sounding . I hope it keeps working , because it is great . Only drawback is the box is a little large for a 7 pound dog , but what a difference . Worth the money .
 I bought this collar 3 years ago when I first got my dog at 7 months . She was an abused cocker spaniel left in a pit bull ring as a bait dog . When she was rescued and given to me she had so many emotional issues -LRB- separation anxiety -RRB- . When I left for work in the mornings , she would bark and cry ALL DAY LONG until exactly 1 hour before I came home -LRB- My neighbor complained , he worked nights -RRB- . This was my last resort as nothing else worked . When it first squirted at her first bark , she was so cute , she ran around the room looking for the scent . By the second bark she figured it out . They say that this is not good for severe anxiety dogs , but it worked wonders . My neighbor ran into me at the end of the first week and thought I had given my dog away . I did let her run around without it when I got home . Now its been 3 years since and she is a well adjusted dog , no collar needed after 4 months . Premier is the best ! Remember
 We adopted a rescue dog from the local Humane Society . He is a schnauzer mix and weighs in at about 22 pounds . I have come to believe my dog was mixed with demon . He has been , shall we say , a challenge since we got him . He tends to `` go off '' on things when we take him for a walk , and when he 's in the house he 's constantly barking at something outside . A squirrel , a leaf , the annoying cat , someone walking their dog , etc. . So we decided to buy him a new present . A citronella bark collar.The collar was shipped quickly , and it packaged in the annoying manner that a lot of items are . It was in a multi-section plastic tray that was heat sealed around each of the sections . It involved cutting each of the items loose separately . When I put it all together , and followed the instructions , it did n't work . I stood in the living room barking at it like an idiot and nothing happened . So I called the number in the instructions and a very nice technician walked me through the process . We finally determined that the item had been sitting on the shelf long enough to drain the supplied battery . He suggested that I buy another battery , so I bought a 2-pack for around $ 7 . I did n't ding them a star for it , because that really is n't their fault , and their tech support was superior.I put it together , and blew into the mic as they suggested , and sure enough it sprayed . Now to test it on my demonically posessed dog ... I put the collar on him and adjusted the strap . There was a lot left over , so instead of cutting it , I tucked it in the loops around the device . It 's not too big and it did n't seem to bother him until the first time he barked!Psssshhht !!! And he jumped to the side and looked where the citronella was . He stopped barking and must have figured that something in that room got him . He tried every room in the house , and finally ended up in the garage where he came to the conclusion that there was no place `` safe '' for him.We left it on him during the day while we were at work . The first day , we smelled a strong citronella scent when we came home . The second day we smelled a little , and on the third day , nothing . He is now a quiet dog in the house.We 're still working on him outside . Now he just pulls . If he growls low , it does n't go off . If he actually barks softly , it goes off . We have had one false trigger with it that was my fault . He likes to be picked up , so now instead of barking at us he 'll jump up , then sit back down . I was dancing around the kitchen with him with my face near his singing `` I Got You , Babe '' when it went off in both of our faces ! Neither of us had a mosquito problem the rest of the evening.When I was putting it on him , I caught his ear in it by mistake and he yelped . The citronella * did NOT * go off with a high pitched yip . It has to be an actual bark so I 've found this collar very discerning.In closing this has been a miracle for us . Our friends said he is like a different dog -LRB- in a good way -RRB- and are contemplating buying one for their weiner dog who is a bit noisy at times .
 Our dog is definitely a barker . He enjoys saying hi to people and birds and squirrels and other dogs and ... . by barking incessantly . I bought this collar and it worked great for about a week . We did n't need it for a few days-and when I put it back on him , he had it all figured out . If he barked about 20 times , it would stop spraying ... so , although he was thoroughly annoyed with the spray ... he barked his smaller bark that he uses with the spray and put up with it until the spray stopped and then did his normal bark until I refilled it and the cycle continued . I am now trying a different method of training him to not bark ... the `` hold the muzzle '' method . It is time consuming-but does seem to be working.I would recommend this for dogs who are less persistent . . unfortunately , we have a very persistent one .
 This is a great product . I have two small dogs who are non-stop barkers . On top of that , they are both very stubborn . Discipline and positive reinforcement with treats did not work . I reluctantly tried a remote control `` shock '' collar , but the batteries died on that very quickly , and the remote was unreliable . Sometimes it worked , sometimes it did n't . Luckily , I gave this product a chance . All I can say is , what a difference ! I only bought one unit and alternate it between the dogs . As soon as the dog barks , it lets out a quick spray of citronella and the barking `` magically '' stops ! The dog not wearing the collar will also stop barking after smelling the citronella . The collar will sometimes spray when a really loud sound is made , such as someone shouting or sneezing really loudly near the collar . However , this has only happened on two occasions.This collar is virtually maintenance-free and has great battery life . The on/off switch is also a big plus . If I know that someone will be coming to the door the collar can be turned off , so the dogs can know that it 's ok to bark in certain situations . It 's also pain-free , which is the biggest plus.The only con I found is that it 's a little bit bulky for a small dog . My dogs are both under 15 lbs . However , it 's light , so it does n't seem to bother them.It 's great to finally have peace and quiet at home . My dogs also seem more relaxed . I highly recommend this product .
 I have 3 scottish terriers -LRB- yes 3 - do n't ask -RRB- . Betsy & Jack are voracious barkers . The last straw came when the new neighbor installed a tree swing for his little girl and those 2 went ballistic barking non-stop . I was quite skeptical about this device but had nothing to lose . It was simple to set up . You fill up the little box with the citronella much the same way you would refill a lighter . I tried the collars while I was home for an hour at a time for the first couple of days . The very first shot scared the crap out of Betsy -LRB- it makes a loud hiss from the powerful expression of air -RRB- and she did n't bark again Day 1 . Jack barked twice , then started sneezing and hid under the couch Day 1 . By Day 2 , one bark was all it took and no more barking . It is now day 10 or so and I do not even have to put the collars on . I simply say No Barking and if they do n't listen , then I go for the collars and hold them in my hand and say No Barking and that stops them . I really wish I would have bought these years ago when they were puppies . It is a miracle .
 I bought this collar for my 18 month old Pit Bull , Morticia , about 3-4 weeks ago .30 years of owning Pit Bulls , they were always quiet and hardly ever barked , so it was never an issue . Now that my neighbors behind us and next to them have dogs , things have changed . The barking is incessant and my dog likes to run out the back door to join them in the gossip . We blocked the doggie door but it did n't stop her from barking in the house or getting up and barrelling towards it to go outside . Not to mention , not everyone in the house follows the training regimen I set for her.For a couple of months , I pondered getting a collar for her . I was not going to get a shock or vibration collar and &#34; sonic &#34; collars are useless -LRB- as per my 20 years experience in the pet trade and people returning them constantly -RRB- . I had a customer years ago -LRB- who was a trainer -RRB- that used the spray collars on a couple of Pits she was working with , albeit they were the remote collars , but they worked . And left a refreshing citrous scent in their wake.When I first put the collar on my dog , it went off immediately with no reason . She ran and hid behind the couch . I coaxed her out and adjusted the collar . She turned her head and it went off again . She hid under her bed . More adjustments . And to my luck , there were no triggers for her barking for 3 hours to actually test the collar . I tried Animal Planet and NatGeo channels with hopes there would be barking dogs . The neighbors dogs were n't barking . Nothing . Finally , someone 's dog barked and she responded . The collar sprayed and she was back in the house and hiding . A couple more incidents and more adjustments , the collar only goes off if she barks or growls too loud.At this point , she does n't bother to go outside if the other dogs are barking or comes back in if they start . She 's not making the mad dash through the house and out the back at every sound . She 's happy . Now , more often than not , the collar is turned off or not even on her . Sometimes she figures it out and I put the collar on , but the barking is manageable now . She has n't associated the collar with the spray -- she 's actually thrilled when she sees it . And another perk is that one of my Bostons is old and getting ornary . Once in a while , he attacks her . The altercations are over before they start because the collar sprays and neutralizes the situation . He 's been sprayed in the face with no ill effects , so it 's not like mace . A couple of sneezes and everything is fine.Now about the collar itself . PetSafe/Innotek have always made quality products so I had no doubts about that . The spray tank ran dry after the first week . Since it hardly goes off now , I just top it off every week or so just in case . I ca n't attest to the battery yet because it has n't run down . But I will say so far the life is good and I 've read reviews where people change them once every few months with continuous use . The collar is a basic nylon strap with a plastic quick connect buckle -- no complaints there . It can be cut down to size and I even tried it on my Boston . The only problem on a small dog is that the unit is a bit unwieldly and large for them , but smaller units are made for the little guys.After the first day with the collar misfires , I had my doubts . I was even going to send it to PetSafe for a replacement or put it up on eBay . For those having problems with the random spraying issue , make sure the collar is properly adjusted . It took a couple of days to get it right and now random sprays are no longer a problem . Morticia likes to roll around on the carpet and the unit moves to the back of her neck . Once she gets up and shakes herself out , it slides back down into position . I will , however , pick up a can of the unscented spray because the citronella makes my mother sneeze when it goes off.So all in all , this collar was an excellent investment and I reccomend it to anyone with problem barkers .
 I have two very small miniature dachshunds that these collars have worked very well for . The citronella smell is pleasant -LRB- for me -RRB- and the collars are effective - my house has never been quieter ! My veterinarian recommends these collars for small dogs , particularly those under 10 lbs , as traditional shocking bark collars can be dangerous for their hearts .
 Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark CollarProduct arrived very quickly . Simple , clear instructions for assembling the collar and spray unit . Wish I had ordered this months ago ! My 87 lb pit mix is now very polite LOL ! No more episodes of unending barking . He now greets me with one `` whisper woof '' instead of the usual 30 minutes of ear splitting bark-as-loud-as-you-can bellow ! I am so very pleased with this product ! On cool nights , I now can open windows AND have peace and quiet . Thanks for making such a great product !
 I was a bit skeptical when I purchased this collar , but for my dogs it has been worth it 's weight in gold ! I have two problem barkers and as soon as the collar is on them they cease barking . As with any other collar with some weight to it , the dog does realize when it 's NOT there . Because of that fact , I do not consider it a training tool . My dogs will bark without it on . It is simply an aide to stop inappropriate barking as needed . I love it ! I have no barking through the night anymore ! I would however , strongly suggest getting the citronella spray . The odorless had no effect on my dogs .
 Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark CollarApparently identical to collars I 've bought in the past for more than twice as much . Really works well on the two dogs on which I 've used the product .
 This collar worked miracles for the first 3-4 weeks . My wheaten terrier stopped barking at folks who walked by our house when we was inside . When he was in the yard he also stopped barking at people as long as he had the collar on . Initially he was depressed for the first few days because it was a big change from his perceived role of protecting the house -LRB- this is a self chosen assignment , not anything that I ever requested -RRB- . Over time though , the effectiveness of the spray collar has worn off . He still barks less when he is outside but does not seem to mind being sprayed . I will say that the battery wares out rather quickly , so order extra batteries to have on hand .
 I have used this collar on all 5 of my Aussie/Border Collie cross dogs since about August or September and I have used about 1 and 1/2 cans -LRB- total -RRB- of the spray and have not had to replace any batteries yet . However , they only wear them about 20-25 hrs a week . This collar has worked well for me . All of the dogs are different and one of them is a little more willing to bark occasionally and get sprayed . My sister , however has 9 month old puppie of the same breed cross and the spray had no affect on her at all . She just kept on barking like nothing happened . What I did before I purchased the collars was to rent one from a local kennel and training center to see if it would work on my dogs before I spent the money on them and I really did n't want to put shock collars on them . So any one considering this product I would recommend renting or borrowing one first to make sure it is compatable with your dog before you spend the money .
 Even in the first day , my dog was barking less . We 're now on the third day and she rarely barks as long as the collar is on . When the collar is off , she barks but far less than she used to.The citronella smell fades quickly -LRB- under a minute -RRB- . The only problem I have with the collar is that it 'll spray if one of my other dogs barks too close to her . Regardless , I would recommend it highly .
 If it does n't work for you , this review may help.well , first , wow did i ever get ripped off , i needed one in a hurry right before the 4th of July because i noticed my dog barked at fireworks . I live in an apartment with a no pets clause , where i lay low with the dog , so i went and got one of these at the local pet store , Centinela Fed and Pet Supply . It was $ 109 !!!!! but if it worked ... . They even allowed me to rent it , i forget how much per day , so that i could make sure it worked before paying the whole price because unlike most things in their store , there was a no return policy on that item . They usually will take anything back , with a friendly smile , so they told me upfront they do n't take these things back so i should make sure it works before buying it . I was very excited because it worked right away , my cavalier king charles spaniel got sprayed right in the chin and it totally got his mind off whatever he was barking at . But then i found that sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n't , i tried a new battery and many refills but could n't get it to work consistently , which made it not effective for training . I did pay for it in full because in the first week , i thought i could get it to work by getting more pointers from Premier over the phone -LRB- they were not available over the 4th of July holiday -RRB- and by getting my dog a haircut . With time , the thing worked less and less , very disapppointing . I thought it was defective and took it back to the store , but for them it worked . : - -LRB- Finally i talked to Premier on the phone and they told me that sometimes this model i got does n't work if the dog has a higher pitched bark , and they have ANOTHER MODEL which is no longer on the market , why i do n't know , which they call `` the French model , '' which does work better for dogs with higher pitched barks . It 's all black unlike the one i got which has black and silver on it , they said . They said they would send me one and i could try it and if it worked , i could sent my other one to them and it would be an even trade . They took a credit card number but they never charged it.I got the French model and right out of the box , it worked great , it sprays every time , and i have nicely quiet dog now . This breed is not known for being extremely trainable , and he does seem to forget sometimes , but it 's been a couple of weeks , and there is a big difference , he is a quiet dog now . I have squirrels and things in the backyard which he previously barked his head off at while chasing them . now , he may or may not chase them but does not bark . It seems to get more and more solid with time . I have left it on him a lot after i found that when i took it off , he returned to his old ways , but now , it seems he does n't bark when it 's off either.I 'm very pleased with the Gentle Spray FRENCH model all black . It works just the way it 's supposed to , consistently and effectively . I 'm sorry that i paid $ 108 when i could 've gotten it on Amazon for $ 40 . If i remember right , the Premier company would 've sold me one of these directly for $ 75 . I did have to pay to ship the one that did n't work back to them , they sent me a UPS envelope and i had to pay like $ 5 or less , so my total was about $ 115 , which i regret , but it totally works.I did n't know whether my dog has a high pitched bark or not . I do n't think of it has very high pitched . But he is a small dog , about 20 pounds , so i guess his bark could be considered high pitched.Premier had good customer service , very friendly and oriented toward problem solving , i felt my happiness and the reputation of their product mattered to them . I also use a Premier gentle leader harness which cured my dog of pulling hard on the leash so i have a good impression of that company .
 We use this for our 40lb mix breed dog & it works so well that now we dont even need to turn it on . It doesnt hurt but it does stop the excessive barking .
 This thing is amazing . It stopped her from barking immediately with no side affects at all . Painless and perfect . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 This product was a great idea and it works great . I ca n't say that it doesnt work , because the collar itself does work , but my miniature pinscher just did not respond to it . He figured it out , which ended up being the problem . He knew that all he had to do was whine until the citronella wore out and then he would just keep on with his business of barking . The battery lasted surprisingly long . Great product for responsive dogs ! Just not stubborn ones like my gizmo ,
 I got this collar for my 10 pound shih tzu , who had picked up the habit of barking at birds and squirrels outside . It was a pretty ingrained habit of a couple years , so I was n't sure how well this would work , but I figured with conscious training use it would at least take the edge off it . It has worked fantastically ! I put it on , he ran out , barked once , got sprayed , jumped back . Barked again testing it , got sprayed , jumped back . No more barking . It has been a few weeks and it still works . I am just starting to occasionally send him out without it and even without it his barking has reduced . With it on he either barks once or not at all . Definitely worth it ! The only down side is that the collar is LONG . I just have it doubled over and my dog does n't care , but if you have a small dog you may want to cut the collar shorter . The collar also loosens when he runs around with it on because it is so heavy for how much he is barking , but it still works fine.A few more comments , as a dog trainer . This is a training TOOL . It does not solve the problem by itself , but is a tool you can use with intentional training to help make the training process easier.This type of collar , or any type of punishment-based training tool , will not work for every dog . You need a punishment severe enough your dog will stop within one to two applications but not so severe that it scars them in any way . There is no one punishment that will fit those criteria for all dogs . Finding that sweet spot for your dog can be tricky . This is why I reserve punishment-based training for special situations . If a punishment tool you try does n't work within one to two applications it 's probably not going to . This is not the product 's fault , it just depends on your dog 's temperament . Please do NOT leave any type of punishing device on a dog if it does not work within one to two applications , or you can scar the dog and/or make the problem worse . The same goes for if the dog is so traumatized by the punishment they shut down or have another overly negative reaction . Those cases are when the use of such tools becomes inhumane !
 My 2 , 28 lb doxie noise boxes have each been wearing one of these collars for nearly 3 years . When I am at work , they have access to the fenced yard via a doggie door . My neighbor informed me that they pretty much barked all day , at pretty much nothing . I immediately ordered 2 collars , and they have been a blessing . My little man will test the collar to see if there is still citronella in it , he is willing to take a spray just in case he may be lucky and it is empty , or the battery is worn out . His darling little sister is far more compliant and obedient and will not test it . I order the batteries in bulk , about 18 at a time . They can last from a couple weeks to a month , depending how many sprays went out . The can of citronella lasts for months . I even have a back up collar . I have had to tape the battery cover closed over time , because they run under brush looking for critters , and one time the cover came off . I have even taped a small paper with my address and phone # on it in case they get out.Do yourself a favor and do n't put up with the noise and give this collar a try . It has saved the day in our household and I have recommended it to many others .
 this product works wonders for my dogs . They almost never bark when they wear it . Also walks are so much better now ! The only negative I have it that it sometimes it will randomly spay if they are not barking , but it is usually because they are shaking a lot . Overall great collar and it has changed our lives for the better , no more barking !
 I am incredibly pleased with how well this product works . We have a 2 yr old miniature dachshund that would not stop barking at every little sound & person . This has stopped her in her tracks from the first hour we put it on her ! Best $ 35 I 've spent in YEARS ! I ca n't recommend the citronella bark collar enough !
 I have a great dane that was barking incessantly and I was about ready to go crazy . I knew that I just could n't get a shock collar and I almost resigned myself to being completely miserable . The dog trainer that I hired once said that the citronells collars did n't work , but I figured that I would give it a try . It worked immediately.It fits my great dane perfectly . I 'm sure that it would fit my boxer dog if she barked a lot . It probably would n't fit a chihuahua and the box would be too heavy for a smaller dog 's neck . My boxer is attracted to it hanging on the dog 's neck and tries to pull and play on it , so I have to take it off every day and put it back on at night.I hear the dog bark once and then he suddenly goes quiet . Now I put it on each night -LRB- he sleeps outside -RRB- and for the past couple of weeks he just stays quiet once I put it on , so he 's trained to the point that when I put it on he knows it 's no-barking time.It 's a 6 volt battery , which was n't so easy for me to run out and quickly pick up batteries . So stock up on the if you are in the same situation . It comes with a can that you spray inside the box . I 've had it for a year and I still have n't had to have a refill . Maybe once a week or so I spray the can into the box so the citronella gets inside the box . At first I was concerned about the cost but since I 've had the can of citronella and it has n't run out , it has been worth it . I am currently on my third battery since I bought it , and I only put it on 8pm-6am for maybe three or four days a week . I think it is very much worth the price.I 'm really impressed with this collar , and honestly I initially did n't think it was going to work . I love it !! Must have !
 The Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collars work very well even with 4 little yappers and it 's given us peace of mind to know we are not shocking the dogs anymore .
 I have 3 large breed dogs ; a great pyrenees/lab mix and 2 full breed labs . They are all barkers . I 've tried 2 different shock collars and nothing worked . I recently bought the anti-bark collar and my house has never been so quite . I wish I would had tried these collars a year ago ! My dogs have each barked ONCE since wearing the collar . I 've never seen anything work so quickly and effectively before . I 'm a very satified customer .
 I bought this for my 10 lb pomeranian mix who barks excessively at strangers . I bring him w / me to my office everyday and I normally have to keep my door closed and warn people not to come into my office because he lunges forward and growls and barks at ANYONE that he does not know . I usually ca n't leave my office to use the restroom or go out for lunch because I ca n't leave him in my office by himself . He will bark non-stop . It 's actually really embarrassing and stressful when he gets out of control and I ca n't stop him from barking aggressively at my employees like he wants to eat them.Anyway , so the first time I put this collar on him and he barked and got sprayed he immediately stopped . He was freaked out and confused because he did n't know where the spray came from . It took about 2 more times of him getting sprayed in the first 2 days and he has pretty much learned not to bark at ppl . I ca n't keep the collar on him 24hrs/day because the instructions tell you not to , so he still barks when we 're at home at sounds he hears outside or whatever . Now everyone in my office is amazed at how different he is when before they were terrified for their lives whenever they saw him . I have people asking me where they can also buy a spray collar for their out of control barker.I no longer have to tie him to my desk ... he can actually roam around my office w / the door blocked off . Is he 100 % cured ? No ... he has a long way to go , but there has definitely been an immense improvement . Even when I do n't have the collar on him at my work and he begins to bark at someone passing by I just look at him and for some reason he stops . I think his brain is telling him that he might get sprayed for barking so he automatically stops ... who knows?And by the way , I work by railroad tracks and after work one day we were walking to my car and a train passed by and blew its whistle like 5 times which made the collar spray him like 10 times in succession . Poor guy was so freaked out and did n't know what to do ! I had no idea the train whistle would set off the collar but I never leave it on him when we go outside anymore .
 Finally ! a collar that works ! I am very pleased with this , it has changed how i feel about my puggle -LRB- pug beagle mix -RRB- that barked and barked every time i let her outside . When i put it on her and let her outside she barked and it sprayed her . She did n't bark again that outing . This happed twice more on the same day and now she does n't bark . i have had this going on 2 months and she has only been sprayed 4 times . She does n't mind wearing the collar , It fits well on her .
 This collar brought some much-needed peace to my ground-level apartment ! My terrier used to bark at everything that went past the house - cars , people , other animals - but with the collar on , he knows it 's quiet time . The spray provides just enough unpleasantness to stop the barking without freaking him out . The only potential down side is that the collar has to be on for him to be quiet . This is a good tool , but not really a substitute for training .
 Wow - we have a dog that the neighbors were compaining about barking bloody murder outside when we were gone . He would bark at anything he saw or heard . Once we put the collar on , he has become a different dog . For the first 5 days , he wore it 100 % of the time , now he only wears it when we are gone . We have noticed even when not wearing it , he does n't bark at what he use to . * Caution * Since we have 2 dogs , it will squirt the dog wearing the collar if the other dog barks loud enough and is close.I would recommend this collar . Its the easiest $ 30 to correct a behavior !
 This product is very effective . The only problem is the dog knows she can bark when she does n't have the collar on .
 This collar has worked miracles . We have a mixed breed , large , 3 year old dog . He 's a great pet but he barked continuously . He barked at everything and everyone passing by our house . We live in a busy neighborhood . One day I came home from work and there was an anonymous note from a neighbor in our mailbox telling us to do something about our barking dog . I was mortified . I bought this product thinking it would never work . To my delight the barking has completley stopped . My dog loving next door neighbor absolutly can not belive the change . We 've been using the collar for about 2 months now and had no issues . We just take it off when the dog is inside and put it back on when he 's outside . I would defintely buy this product again . Give it a try you ca n't beat the price !
 I am so grateful for the Premier Spray Sense Anti Bark Collar . I live in a Senior high rise that allows dogs , but has strict rules . Barking is a big no-no . My little Maltese/Shih Tsu mix goes for weeks with no problem , then has spells when she barks and cries constantly with great volume when I leave her . The bark collar stopped the barking immediately and , I was happy to find , it also works to stop her from crying loudly . She has also stopped clawing and snorting at the crack under the door . She seems a little more subdued than I would like , but still , it 's such a blessing to know I can leave and my neighbors wo n't be glowering at me when I return home . I do n't use it on our walks because I respect her `` right to bark '' . I 've been squirted by the collar a couple of times when cuddling her and chirping `` good dog '' in her ear . It did n't hurt or sting , just startled me . I 'm also grateful that I can turn it off and on , saving the battery .
 I love my dog dearly , but after five years of incessant barking , something had to give . This collar is excellent . He does not wear all the time after less than a month and he seldom barks . I have almost forgotten what his bark sounds like . This collar is amazing . I wish I bought when he was a puppy instead of waiting so long . I highly recommend it .
 After trying training sessions , a DAP diffuser , flower remedies and a high-pitched frequency machine , this is the ONLY thing that works for my male Maltese who has separation anxiety , and is over-sensitive to outside noises . After complaints from neighbors , this was the only hope I had before having to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars to send him to doggy daycare when I went to work . Thank goodness this works . It is humane and effective , and he behaves wonderfully while I 'm out . . even for a full 9 hour day . Whew !!!
 I had one of these for my Golden Retriever for 7 years and it broke her from barking right from a puppy . Used it periodically as a refresher as she can be very talkative . This product really works and is more humane than a zap collar.The order was handled quickly and efficiently and I received it on time.Good product and good service . Thanks .
 Shipping
 My cousin recommended the collar . I have a rambunctious , dog-aggresive -LRB- people-loving -RRB- dog who has defeated every training attempt for six years . -LRB- She was born into my hand & gently reared -RRB- . She overcomes the spray to bark at dogs on the street , still , but not for long . At home , I am now able to talk on the telephone & type & think . It 's a breakthrough.BTW , the instructions in filling the mechanism is under `` problem solving '' , or something like that , at the end of the pamphlet .
 This Citronella Anti-bark dog collar was money well spent and I highly recommend it . In fact I may just purchase another one for my other dog.This collar has an off/on switch , but by simply placing the collar on my dog and in the `` off '' position it tricks them , but they do n't know that . It worked the very first time I put it on my dog . It 's painless , and the only thing that is unpleasant for my dog is the smell , but for me I like the citronella smell . It 's not bothersome at all ! Well worth the purchase !
 When I purchased this product , I was afraid to use it because it states to not use it on `` nervous barking . '' It also states to `` be home when you first use product . '' so , it took awhile for me to give it a try . I started using it on him at night . He loves to run out the doggy door and bark at the cats , deer , raccoons , ect ... I have a bit of a `` strange '' dog . He was a stray and pound puppy for a long time . I did n't want to make him more `` strange '' or `` nervous . '' This collar did the job with no bad side-effects ! It would work even when I turn it off and just leave it on . It would work better if I did n't have kids that like his barking during play . We typically just use it at night . It 's really come in handy camping too ! Our dog loves to bark at night when he hears nocturnal creatures coming out . One thing I do n't like is it does leak a little when filling . -LRB- no big deal -RRB- It also fray 's after it 's cut . If they used a better collar material , that would have been ideal . Other comments complained on the `` cheapness '' of the device . It probably needs to be that type of plastic to maintain it 's lightness . People with smaller dogs will appreciate it . I have a mid sized Aussie mix .
 At first I was skeptical about spray collars . Our 5 year old lab mix was a constant barker . After we put the collar on him it only took one spray to slow down the barking and by the fifth or sixth time he realized the what was causing the sprays . A week after we started we stopped using it and have a peaceful house . The second collar was given to our inlaws for their lab . She too was a barker and the collar has changed her behvior also . I would highly recommend this product for any dog owner . If it changed our dogs behavior is should work on anyones .
 We just adopted a 2 year old 35 lb border collie/heeler mix who had been in a kennel for six months . As a result , she barked , barked , barked at anything or nothing , like she did in the kennel when she was with the other dogs . Both breeds in this mixed breed are very focused and high spirited and it was almost impossible to break her out of her `` focused '' barking , even for treats , etc. . But this collar did the trick and amazingly quick . It worked in one day and after about 4 barks . We now have taken it off of her and will only use it as needed . But I have to say the results far exceeded my expectations .
 I used it on my year old papillon . She is only 6 lbs and this unit is a little big for her . I only had it on her if I knew a situation was going to happen that she would start barking . Like if she was sleeping on my lap downstairs in our livingroom and the kids came downstairs she would go crazy with barking , -LRB- realy it ` s just the kids -RRB- This was getting realy annoying . She does not do this anymore . She has almost stopped all that annoying barking . If someone comes to our house she will still bark , and thats ok with us , its all the unnecessary stuff around the house that she does not do anymore . I would never leave her alone with this collar on because it is big on her , and she even managed to get her front leg up through it and needed help to get unstuck . Over all this collar does work , but I think it is meant for a dog bigger then 6lbs . But it still did the job . I would recomend this to anyone that is dealing with annoying barking in your house .
 It sprays and keeps the dog from barking but it is too big for my dog and the latch comes undone easily by the dog rolling over .
 This collar will help to control your dog 's barking . It smells like a citronella candle which I do n't love but neither does the dog so it 's the price I have to pay to keep my neighbors happy . Good and humane way to control barking .
 This anti bark collar is a gentle and humane deterrent to a pesky habit . I waited to try this tool last and wish I found it sooner . It worked
 This exact same product at my local Petco is $ 129.00 ! I love this small , citronella bark collar . My 12 year old Cairn terrier is a barker and after awhile , the neighbors have had enough ! -LRB- He even barks at the jet planes when they fly overhead , even if he is in the house ! -RRB- Great and effective .
 This collar has worked great for our 60 lb dalmatian . She tends to bark in the house or yard just because she hears other dogs in the neighborhood doing so . Make sure the sprayer is pointing toward the chin of the dog and that you 've filled it according to directions . After turning it on , you can blow loudly over the mic or `` bark '' to make sure it discharges before putting it on your dog . Be sure the sprayer is pointed away from you when you try this ! Our dog hates the squirt , and learned quickly the cause and effect . We can even just put the collar on without turning it on now -LRB- sometimes we do and sometimes we do n't -RRB- and she quiets down right away . This is n't something we leave on her all the time . We only put it on for situations where she is unnecessarily barking and annoying us or neighbors . You have to remember to turn the collar off when removed or you 'll use the battery up quickly .
 I had almost grown to accept the chronic barking , but when I had to a move to a place with much closer neighbors , I knew I had to stop the barking.My barker is a nervous dog in general , and I was worried that this product would make her even more neurotic than she is already ... While the spray in the face did scare her at first - it sure did shut her up . We actually did n't even have to use this collar for very long before serious behavior modifications took place . Not only did she stop barking , she stopped partaking in the activities that she associated with her obsessive barking . For example she is now completely quiet when I put her harness on her for walks . She used to be a general mess , barking , growling , nipping - just general bad/over-excited behavior when she knew we were going to go on a walk . Since using this spray collar , she has associated that whole routine -LRB- barking , jumping , nipping -RRB- with getting sprayed in the face , so it fixed m ore than barking in my case.Another example , she associated looking out the window at other dogs as behavior that will result in a face-spray . She used to bark obsessively at anyone walking a dog past our house . Now that we have associated that behavior with getting sprayed in the face , her solution to the problem is to stop looking , so she wo n't be tempted to bark.It works . And if you have a ` special ' dog - you just might get a whole slew of other positive behavior modifications!P.S . - I never knew the sun shone so beautifully , or the flowers smelled so good until my dog stopped obsessively barking . Honestly , I do n't know how I endured it so long .
 We bought this collar for our 5 month old puppy who was getting into the habit of sitting at the gate and barking - at everything . People , dogs , squirrels , a leaf falling , the neighbors ... etc. . And then she started barking in the house - her favorite was to sit under the end table in the living room and bark . We thought that a citronella collar was worth trying out , plus the price was too good to pass up on amazon . This specific collar administers quite the spray of citronella when she barks - it not only stopped her mid-bark , it scared me too ! The effect on her was almost instant - she still loves to go outside and watch the world go by , but she does it silently . We just turn it on and put it on her before she goes out and take it off when she comes in . She 's a whole different dog!One downside is that it does n't always go off - her bark is somewhat high pitched , which may be why she does n't always trigger it . And the box that sprays the citronella is really large . She 's ~ 35lbs and I do n't like to leave it on her if she 's inside laying down because it seems bulky and in the way . But otherwise , 2 thumbs up for this product !!!
 My dog was waking up at night and barking barking barking . He was up almost every night and usually more than once . I was not comfortable with a shock collar . This worked the first night . Now I only put it on if he starts barking -LRB- about 1 night out of 4 or 5 -RRB- . It broke the habbit . the only reason I did n't give it five stars is the replacement battery is a weird size . My Sleep is definitely worth the cost !
 I have a Mini-Pin , and whenever anyone comes near the house or she thinks someone is coming near the house -LRB- if there is a knock in the house -RRB- she shrieks , barks , growls , and makes a whole helluva lot a noise.We just moved from a house to an apartment , and we thought we were going to have to give her up or face eviction.The collar works great ! At first she did n't quite get it , and when she barked she fell over from surprise when she got sprayed -LRB- my wife and I nearly died laughing -RRB- . She looked around not knowing what just happened , and occasionally she would try again.Now she does n't bark at all ! The cats make more noise then her .
 I bought this for my lab who would bark at people walking by the yard . It would startle her and stop her barking , but she usually would resume barking and start the process over . I think she just has ADD and forgets what happened the first time.The smell is pretty strong too ... but it smells more like oranges !
 For years we used two of these collars to keep our black lab and Tibetan Spaniel from barking all day -LRB- and night ! -RRB- . The collars we had worked perfectly . One day during the Daily Dog Wstling Match , one of the collars was chewed to pieces so we had to order a new one . The replacement came in and looked funny -- as if it had been refurbished or cheaply manufactured . It worked for two days and then leaked citronella everywhere , even when the battery was removed . After reading similar , more recent reviews I got to thinking
 I was shocked but this product worked after the first night . I can now sleep thru the night and so does my dog !! I tried a shock collar first and it did not work nearly as well . . I would recommend this to anyone - except for a very small dog - mine is about 20 lbs . I think it would have trouble fitting a 10 lb . dog .
 We recently moved into a condo with our 6 year old female Vizsla . We were looking for a solution so she would not annoy our neighbors when left alone . Shock and electric collars are cruel -LRB- she is a huge part of our family . I would never shock my son or my dog ! -RRB- so we decided we would give this collar a try.Results are excellent so far . The collar does instill some fear into her so we do not always have to turn it on for her to behave . She does not have a long memory so an occasional spray does not hurt.Finally , to prove that the collar is harmless , I have sprayed myself with the collar a couple times to show my wife and son . If your dog is afraid of the spray bottle , this collar will work perfectly . If your dog could care less about being squirted , you should look elsewhere .
 It worked from the first time I put it on my dog . It worked so well I was even a bit concerned because my dog was so scared at the spray , that when she realized it was the collar , every time I put it on , she 'll just lie down and be quiet . I think in the 3 weeks I 've had it , the collar has only sprayed her 5 or 6 times , since the second or third spray she understood and would not bark . She 's a Welsh corgi and they bark a lot sometimes , but they 're also really smart . Now I sometimes only mention the collar to her when she 's barking and she 'll stop . But I would n't leave it on a dog for very long . At least not if a dog reacts to it like my dog , she 's terrified of it , so it would be cruel to leave it on more than absolutely necessary , even though it does not hurt the dog . And some other reviewer mentioned the smell , I have never noticed the smell . Maybe because it has been sprayed only a couple times . Remember , this collar really works , but you have to be there and teach the dog also , and if the dog 's scared of it , do n't leave it on too long . Good luck !
 We have two dogs and one has developed a very loud high pitched bark that makes my skin crawl . This collar has been a god-send for both dogs in a house that has high ceilings so sounds seem to magnify . I 'm sure the neighbors appreciate the collars too . One dog used to constantly bark at airplanes and birds when outside . Since we live in a fligt path for DEN it was quite annoying.The only thing to watch out for is if your dog likes to stick their head out the car window it will go off from the force of the wind .
 WE ORDERED THE ANTIBARK COLLAR WITH THE CITRONELLA AND IT WORKED NICELY -- EXCEPT THE SMELL OF THE CITRONELLA BOTHERED MY WIFE WHO HAS SENSITIVE ALLERGIES -- SO WE ORDERED THE ODORLESS SPRAY AND THAT CONTINUES TO WORK AND DOES N'T BOTHER ANYBODY . . THE DOG SENSES/FEELS THE SPRAY AND STOPS BARKING . . IT TOOK A FEW SPRAYS AND MY DOG WISED UP FAST . THIS PRODUCT IS WORTH THE PRICE TO OBTAIN SOME PEACE AND QUIET . I RECOMMEND TO ALL : -RRB-
 We have a very loud -LRB- but very kind -RRB- beagle that barks constantly if he is not right at our side . We started keeping him downstairs during dinner now that we have a toddler that slips him food and encourages bad behavior . He would bark constantly for over an hour sometimes . This was not only a nuisance to us but to our neighbors since we live in a town home.We were not looking to give him shock treatment since we know that he dislikes even being sprayed with water . This product appealed to us and lo and behold he has barked a total of 10 times in the last 2 weeks since he has been wearing the collar . The collar is well made and he 's been known to be rough on his tags in the past but no issue here . This is probably one of a handful of products that I have bought that works exactly as advertised and I would highly recommend with the caveat that all dogs are not created equally .
 This is an easy humane way to get your dog to stop barking . Has worked great for my 13 month old boxer mix . The neighbors are very grateful .
 I recently adopted a border collie . At first he did not bark while in the car , but was always active . However , his response to the stimulation of riding in a car escalated and he started vocalizing , particularly when a big truck or bus was near by . His bark is very high pitched and loud . I tried kenneling him which seemed to create more anxiety for him and did not alleviate the barking -LRB- he sleeps in a kennel -RRB- . I tried several things and was getting ready to muzzel him when his foster mom suggested a citronella bark collar . It was miraculous ! He is a very smart dog and it only took being sprayed a couple of times for him to get the idea that silence is golden . I 've had it for less than a month and still put it on him while in the car and also while at agility training -LRB- because he barks at the movement of the other dogs during class -RRB- . I had him wear it for the first time last week during class and he was a model agility dog . He stayed focused on me the entire hour and this improved behavior was not lost on the instructor or other students .
 Wish I bought this sooner . The only problem I have is if my kids clap their hands it sets off the collar . Other than that my dog is no longer driving me nuts .
 The product worked wonderfully and then broke - we tried all the troubleshooting and Amazon would n't take it back - the spray makes the product toxic waste . Think twice before buying it online.HOWEVER Premier was amazing about taking back the product and replacing it . I could n't have asked for a better customer service experience . Now if they would just send a dog trainer ... -LRB- smile -RRB-
 I love this collar . After two tries he has stopped barking . Now he can wear the collar without the spray and does not utter a an arf . I love it .
 This collar stopped our toy poodle -LRB- who had been the bane of the neighborhood -RRB- from her constant barking . Now she only growls , just loud enough to NOT trip the spray . As others have said , this is a miracle and the smell , when she forgets , is pleasant and a reminder that the collar is working . I highly recommend it for your dog .
 This is the only thing that 's helped my miniature schnauzer learn to be quiet . It does n't go off too easily . It lets her bark softly . It worked immediately .
 This Anti-bark collar is amazing !!! We have a 7 yr Mini Schnauzer and loves every car and person that comes to our house . . and greets them with LOTS of barking . She has activated it only a few times and so now all I do is put it on her and she does not bark . I have not ever gone thru one canister of citronella ! -LRB- But then she IS a very smart dog :-RRB- -RRB-
 Got a barking Beagle ? Got annoyed neighbors ? Do you want to leave the windows open during the summer and not piss off the neighborhood ? Ca n't quite bring yourself to give your dog electroshock therapy ? Neither could I . This thing works ... instantly . And , at least for my dog , the overall barking decreased even when the collar is n't on .
 For us , these collars have been nothing short of miraculous . I was concerned about the negative reviews and the price , but then found them online at the big box pet store for THREE TIMES what I paid on Amazon.We do n't usually leave our dogs out for long periods of time , but the barking -LRB- which began after my neighbor got a new , very yappy dog last year - no problem before that -RRB- would start within 30 seconds of letting them out . Sometimes they have to be out , since they attack the vacuum , for example . We tried various positive training methods with them , but nothing seemed to work . They would go crazy over the lawnmower in other yards , and they would fence fight and bark non-stop , even if we were in the yard with them.We put the collars on and saw * immediate * results ... as in THAT DAY they each barked one time and did n't bark again . We were skeptical though -LRB- we had tried the Thundershirt and it did n't work -RRB- so decided to give it a week of testing
 This product works great for my dog who is a perpetual barker whenever someone goes by . Now I just say `` be quiet '' instead of screaming and yelling and getting my blood pressure up .
 I purchased this collar after my neighbors complained about my dog barking . It has worked from the moment that I put it on her and continues to work to this day ... a year later ! I love this product and would highly recommend it !!!
 this is a good product , it works when the dog is wearing it , if you take it off the dog start barking again .
 This worked perfectly for my six pound Maltese . He was super confused at first and definitely did not like the spray . Within a few barks -LRB- and sprays -RRB- he was done ! I could n't believe it !
 + + + + + + this item is very good , i have a JRT when we go out and leave him home he always barks , and the neighbors complain , but now he does n'tafter a week i dont even turn on the spray . he thinks it would spray if he barks.only thing is when he shakes hard it will spray butafter a week he knows how hard to shake to avoid getting sprayed . -LRB- the way i know this is , i used a hidden camera to record him -RRB- + + + + + + +
 Based on mixed reviews , I was concerned that this would not work for my dog -LRB- Basset hound that spends all day chasing and barking at crows , driving the neighbors crazy -RRB- . However , after seeing her watch a racoon walk across the deck and not bark at all , I was convinced . The spray is distracting and unpleasant -LRB- although not that bad for humans -RRB- and the dog gets the message .
 This was the best money I ever spent . We brought home a rescue dog from Mexico in May . We have two other older dogs , and Dingo was driving them and us crazy with his barking . Since the day I put the collar on him , he has been so well behaved , it is amazing . The surprise on his face at the first spray should have been filmed . The collar has settled him into a more attentive mode , rather than getting his body and brain into a frenzy everytime a leaf blew . And , he still will bark when he is n't wearing the collar . It is a very humane way to solve a problem barker .
 I have had my beagle for around 8 months . He is only 11/2 and pretty much still a puppy . I live in a residential neighborhood and he is in an electronic fenced in yard . Lots of people walk on the road and work in their yards . Oscar found it necessary to charge the road and bark at anyone who walked up the road , even the lady who goes for a 6 am run ! He also barked at my neighbors when they mowed or walked in their yards . If you have ever heard a beagle bark , they are very loud . I was at my wits end , thinking I was going to have to get rid of him . I decided to give this collar a try . For $ 30-40 , it could not hurt . Oscar is a quiet little guy now . He walks to the edge of our yard and sits and watches people walk by with their dogs without a sound . He wants to bark , but knows that he will get a little spray if he does . Love this product ! The lady across the street wants the info for her yorkie that barks at everyone seeing how well it works on Oscar . Be sure to keep the spray full . Oscar knows that if it is empty and he can get one bark out , he is free to go crazy and bark . He does sometimes get just one bark out to test it , but that is all . Most of the time , he is silent and like the neighbors say , they would not even know he was here . Well worth it if you have a dog annoying the neighbors !
 Thought I would review this product , as we 've been using the collar for about 2 weeks now . Lucky is a 7 yr old yellow lab -LRB- my girlfriends -RRB- . We 've just moved into a house together and noticed the dog was extremely thirsty , especially when we arrived home . Doctor gave her a clean bill of health , so on a hunch we decided to video the dog while we were gone and it turns out she was barking nonstop while we were away -LRB- 8 hours when left that long -RRB- . Having spent the last 5 years in a large house with a lot of space between the houses , my girlfriend could n't completely discount the notion that Lucky has been doing this for years . Lucky would be barking when she would arrive home each day , but she attributed it to the automatic garage door opening -LRB- the preferred way to enter that house -RRB- . Well , the new place is a large row home in the city . Even though the neighbors have n't contacted us via note or face to face , I 'm sure we are not held in high regards at this point . I know they can hear her . We tried crating her , which she is very familiar with , but that would only grant us about 1 hour of quiet before the bombardment of anxiety filled yelps and barks would commence relentlessly till we arrived back home . We decided to go with the Premier GentleSpray Citronella Anti-Bark Dog Collar because it was n't a shock collar , and it would work while we were away . When we are home , Lucky only barks to alert us of someone at the door , or loud unusual noises.It was easy to set up , load , fit and we were in business in under 5 minutes . We decided to go out for dinner and thought we 'd give the dog about 21/2 - 3 hours of time to get acquainted with our the system . While the laptop video ran , we had a great dinner up the street and drinks with friends . We arrived home to see what happened while we were gone via the laptop video . After we left , Lucky paced nervously back and forth , hit the collar box on a wooden chair arm and got sprayed for no reason . Although it was funny , it 's not teaching her anything . So after a few minutes of confusion , she started barking for us to return only to receive a blast in front of her face of citronella spray . She looked around trying to figure out who just sprayed her . She changed locations in the room and tried barking again . Blast # 2 . Walked to another corner of the room , bark , blast # 3 . upstairs , bark , blast # 4 . How about a howl instead , blast # 5 . She then retired to her crate to avoid this unpleasant phenomenon and was quiet till our return . All of this took place in the first 20 minutes of our leaving the house.That was about 2 weeks ago . We 've stopped setting up the webcam video while we are gone . Not only has Lucky stopped anxiety barking , but she seems much , much calmer now . The last couple of videos showed her wandering the house , sniffing around , goofing with the cats , and napping either in her crate -LRB- door open -RRB- or on her dog bed.It worked perfectly as advertised . She only wears it while we are away and we all are much happier .
 I bought this a month and a half ago and am very pleased with the results . I decided to take the training route with the collar so I put it on my dog for a week without even turning it on so she 'd be used to it . Then , when I knew I 'd have all day to spend training her , I turned it on . Every time she barked and it sprayed her I 'd say `` Good quiet ! '' and gave her a treat . When she goes outside , I turn it off and let her bark to her heart 's content.I am amazed with how well it has worked . Our house is peaceful again . She used to sit by the window and bark at anything and everything -LRB- and sometimes at nothing at all . -RRB- It got so bad that I was worried she was going to break the window because she would launch herself at the window and bark like crazy if the mailman came or the UPS man drove down the block . Since we started using the collar , she now prefers to sit at our feet and cuddle or play instead of worrying about what 's going on two blocks away ! After the mailman has come for the day , I usually decide it 's safe to just turn off or remove the collar and we have n't had any major outbursts since.Pros : Long lasting battery , it 's been over a month and it 's still going strong.Good training tool if used correctly.Spray does n't harm the dog , but effectively interrupts the behavior.Peace and quiet at last!Durable.One size fits most.Cons : Needs a low battery indicator.Spray goes off when my other dog barks too near the dog with the collar.Not weatherproof , have to remember to remove the collar when it 's raining.Not for use with timid or anxious dogs.I highly recommend this product , and please try to be patient and use the training method ! I know you 'll want to turn it on right when you get it , but you 'll be happier if you let the dog wear it for a week without turning it on first . My dog still has no idea that the collar is what sprays her . She thinks spray just comes out of thin air or something . When I say `` Let 's put your collar on '' she dances and gets excited . And she now listens and stops barking immediately if I say `` Quiet '' when she 's not even wearing the collar !
 This thing works just fine . Except for when your dog takes it for a swim in the lake . Whoops . Need to buy another now . Great product from my experience though . Looking forward to getting another for our other dog .
 I have a 3 year old dachshund that will bark at a moving leaf for 30 minutes if we let him . A co-worker of mine suggested this and it works great . He only wears it when he goes outside but once I click it on , he knows not to bark . It only took him a couple days to understand how it works.I even extend the collar to go around my golden retriever when it is just her outside.I think I will purchase a re-filler of the non-scented spray . The smell kind of lingers on their face for awhile . Besides , it is really the physical act of the spray is what irritates them to stop barking .
 I have always resisted buying a bark collar , because I firmly believe there are times a dog SHOULD bark - and I also believe they need some freedom to do what comes naturally . But after 4 years of early morning bark-fests to warn us of the squirrels and deer invading the yard and to let the whole house know someone is leaving for school , I finally gave in . I had been trying to offer treats to encourage `` quiet , '' but all that approach accomplished was `` Oh , I see a deer - let me go get a treat . '' It was a high-maintenance approach I could n't continue with consistency - so the barking continued . After a couple of false starts with this collar , it seems to be doing the job quite nicely.The first time I put it on our dog , she sneezed when she got sprayed - and the sneeze elicited another spray , which really confused her ! I did n't think that was really fair , and at that point , I thought this was n't going to work . A couple of weeks later , after more ear-splitting bark sessions , I gave it another try . It seems to be working quite well . She might let out one small bark , and once she figures out she 's going to get sprayed , she is quiet . -LRB- Almost too quiet ! -RRB- . I only use the collar when I really need her to not bark - usually early mornings and at dusk when the deer get active again - and I take it off when she goes outside to survey her world , bark a little to let everyone know she 's there , etc. . Since we live in a single-family home , I do n't need to leave the collar on when I 'm not home - so she 's free to do her thing when no one is here . She seems to be learning to give it one small test before letting her barking instincts take over . She is n't happy when she finds out the collar is on - but she respects it and has not figured out she can bark til the sprayer runs out , as some reviewers have noted . Note - the breed we have is a mix of Australian Cattle Dog and beagle . Very smart -LRB- Cattle Dog -RRB- but loves to bark -LRB- beagle . -RRB-
 We have a barky eskimo and a samoyed , Our eskimo was a rescue dog and barks at the drop of a leaf . We 've tried 3 other bark collars over the years but this product works great . It was recommended by our veterinarian , but we were a bit skeptical . It worked so well that we purchased a second for our samoyed . When we leave the house the neighborhood has peace and quiet . Not only does it work well but it is easy to use and refill . If you have tried other methods and failed , this is definitely the answer for you .
 I got this device about 2 weeks ago . I was a little concerned , because I have a small dog and most of the reviews were not recommending this for little pups . However , the collar works great ! It 's very easy to fill the collar with the citronella can . It fits my dog well , and if I needed to , I could probably trim off the excess of the collar that hangs around . I was especially pleased that it fit and is effective due to the size of my dog . I have a chihuahua , who wears an XS in dog clothes , and is about 5 pounds . As soon as she barks , it sprays -LRB- sometimes on the second bark -RRB- , and it startles her enough to stop . She is even starting to realize that it 's from the collar itself and wo n't bark even if it is off around her neck . This works best if tucked into her clothes so that the microphone can sense her bark -LRB- as opposed to hanging out -RRB- . I would recommend it !
 Our adopted 18-month old dachshund/maltese mix loves to play outside . Unfortunately , she also loves to bark . I felt terrible for having to keep her confined in the house , because her barking was driving the neighbors crazy . Training just was n't working . She 's a stubborn dog and although she quickly learned that she was not supposed to bark , she continued to go outside and happily bark like crazy until I went out to tell her to be quiet ! As soon as she saw me coming , she 'd stop immediately . As soon as she was sure I was gone back inside , she 'd set up barking once again.This product looked like a promising solution . I would n't think of using a shock collar , because I believe them cruel . But this collar looked humane and I hoped would prove effective.I consider this product to be good value for money . The price includes citronella , battery and the collar . I was concerned that the collar might be too big and heavy for my dog , but it actually is not too wide or heavy and it was easy to cut to size . The device itself -LRB- the part that holds the citronella and sprays the dog when it barks -RRB- did seem very bulky for my small dog . She does n't seem to mind it though -LRB- once she got used to it -RRB- . After a few hours of wearing the collar , my dog went out and ... of course , she soon found something to bark at . I heard one brief WOOF ! and then silence . My dog came back into the house , looking a little confused and worried . The citronella spray leaves an orangey scent -LRB- not unpleasant -RRB- which told me that the device had worked as intended.So , the collar does work to prevent my dog from barking . She has learned that when it is on her , it will spray her if she barks . Unfortunately , she has also learned that when she does n't have the collar on , she will not be sprayed . So , she does still bark when the collar is not on . Because the device is large and a little heavy , I do not want to leave it on her all the time . Also , I do not believe in leaving her to wear it without supervision . I take it off her at night and when she is relaxed and calm . Therefore , there are still times when she goes outside to bark.Overall though , I am glad this product has made some difference.A quick note of advice to owners , however
 We had tried everything to keep Wally from being such a barkaholic , to no avail . A friend of ours got the Premier Anti Bark Collar for her dog and was pleased with the results . She let me borrow it for an afternoon and I could n't believe what happened ! Wally needed about 3 sprays before he got the idea that his barking was causing it . He was quiet the rest of the time he had it on !!! Even with 2 other dogs visiting!I could n't order it fast enough ! Now I can actually put the collar on him and often times I do n't even turn it on . He understands that he must be quiet when the collar is on him , and he is !! One thing I really like about it is that the citronella is sprayed right in front of him , not in his face . Wally definitely does n't like it , but it is not harming him in any way .
 This product works wonders ! It goes off at the appropriate time - not for small noises that dogs may sometimes make -LRB- sneezes , sighs , coughs , etc -RRB- but for continuous barking . It does scare the dog , but it does n't hurt -LRB- yes I tried it ! -RRB- and the smell is not all that offensive - it is like concentrated citrus . The one drawback is that my pooch was traumatized by this product for about a half hour after wearing it the first time . He , of course , could not understand what the spray was or where it was coming from . I did feel bad about this and considered not using it again , but he really did get over it completely and let me put the collar on him a second time with no problems . After the second use , I did not have to use the collar again for 2 months . He is starting to bark -LRB- inappropriately when no one is home -RRB- a little again , so I may use it once more to train him again . This is the most humane thing you can do for a problem barker -LRB- short of professional training sessions , which I did get for my dog and did not work on the barking , but worked on all of his other problem behaviors -RRB- . My dog is an eight year old , 65lb male golden retriever mix , a good dog who has overcome leash aggression and who , thanks to the citronella spray collar , is quickly overcoming his nuisance barking . Please just be responsible with this product - use it consistently at first , but make sure not to leave it on for long periods . That 's just not fair to the dog . Give plenty of positive reinforcement -LRB- kisses , hugs , treats -RRB- when the dog is quiet . It goes a long way .
 I have a black lab who barks at any dog or friend that walks by our house . It 's a bark that says `` come and play with me '' and it 's loud ! The collar starts working out of the gate with a orangy smell that shoots directly in front of his nose . He lets out a half bark and stops when he remembers the collar is on , then he just stops ; it 's great !
 As a dog trainer there are many alternatives to barking when we find out the root cause we can usually alter the behavior . I 've seen that the majority of barking dogs do so because they are bored and not exercised enough to drain their pent up energy . Obedience training and dog psychology can all be a part of the solution as well . But if an anti-bark aid is to be used I would use the citronella spray over other anti-bark collars . It is a lot more humane than a shock collar , of which I would NEVER recommend . I have a passion for helping dogs stay in their forever homes so if you have any questions about your own dog , come on over to my website and ask me a question for FREE !
 We have a bearded collie -- a long-haired dog with a relatively thick beard under his chin . The collar worked Great , but most of the citronella got caught in his beard , and he 's gotten used to the smell . In my opinion , that is one of the biggest drawbacks to the product
 It 's been working for me . Still have to confirm with the neighbors that it keeps the dog from barking while we 're gone , but at first try , it works like a charm . Worth checking out .
 I have a dog that barks like crazy at all kinds of things he can see from the house and even at people when outside -LRB- and scares them , though he 's not really mean , he 's very sweet -RRB- . In just two weeks , this collar has significantly changed his behavior . We are very careful to praise him when he barks and is then quiet -LRB- `` good quiet '' -RRB- . Now when he sees something outside he might bark once and then just woof at a very low level a few times - this has even happened when the collar was off ! It 's also working extremely well when outside and he would normally bark at people and sometimes other animals like cows . He might bark once and then calm down and stop . I 'm thrilled !
 This is the only product I use when cleaning our parakeet cage . This is one of the few products that includes a disinfectant to kill the bacteria . Ca n't imagine a cage is truly clean without it .
 This is a fantastic product although it 's hard to find in pet stores , that 's why I get it on line . This product is MUCH better than the Poof Off product that 's sold all over the place . This product has a great smell and cleans the cage better than Poop Off ; Poop Off has a terrible smell ; I gagged when I used it and threw it out ! Get this product . It may cost more , but it 's worth it .
 There are alot of feral cats in the mobile home park where I live . I rescued 2 babies and keep them inside . The ferals have fleas , so I put this flea powder on my front steps so that I do n't bring fleas into my house to give to my kitties . This works great , and it smells really fresh and clean . In 2 years of using this powder , I have not had any fleas in the house . Plus , I hope that when the ferals lay on my front steps , this will kill their fleas , also .
 I love this stuff . We live in a buggy area in south Florida , and come the dog days of summer , I know that I can count on this to do its job . Love it .
 The products put out by Fat Cat are tough . They are toys that your dog can grow up with . My Sheltie has grown up with a Terrible Nasty Scary Kitty and it is still completely intact -LRB- at a year and a half old ! -RRB- I do wish they had this `` purse '' available in a slightly larger size though . These dog toys are the bomb !
 It was incredible , how this product killed the fleas in my dog and cats.My wife washed it and she was surprised about how the product killed fleas after a little aplication.She commented about the result she was wonderful and happy .
 I have a Border Collie who is very allergic to everything . This shampoo worked wonders for us . For years we did n't have flea issues but when they started he could n't tolerate the drops or collars . Multiple other shampoos stunk and made his skin dry , red , and he was scratching himself and me crazy . When I first used it I thought it was great in how thick it was and how well it lathered . Made it alot easier to shampoo him . The fleas just fell off and not only did it not seem to effect his health , but his skin and coat were better than they had been in a long time . We 've used it for about 4 years and he has n't had flea one even though I know he 's been exposed by the neighbors dog . Maybe best of all , -LRB- although I would still use if I could n't claim this -RRB- is that it seems to last a long time . My border Collie never sits still and loves to be outside , hence he stinks after a couple of days . With this shampoo he can go up to a week and maybe longer if you could keep him out of the water .
 After using this shampoo on our dogs once a week we no longer need to use Frontline . They smell great after their baths and very rarely do we find any critters on them .
 I Love it , It is very well built , and so far it is not shedding . Our 15 pound Maine coon took to it immediately !! He can race through the house up and over it and it does n't tip over , unlike a couple others I tried ! It is more $ than I wanted to spend , but it is proving to be a good investment .
 got this for my 2 cats when we got a new sofa so they would n't scratch MY furniture . Well , they both love it ! It sits in front of the front window & they take turns checking out what 's going on out there . I highly recommend it . It seems very comfortable for the cats - one is 14 # , the other 10 # , and they both use the scratching post to do their own `` manicures '' .
 It seemed kind of ridiculous to me at first to pay so much for a scratching post , the quality of the product made it well worth the price . It 's extremely sturdy and still looks as good as when I first got it . My cat loves it and spends most of her time hanging out on top . My cat is pretty giant , so the size of the top is perfect for her .
 My cat absolutely loves this and I do , too ! The product is extremely well made and looks great with my decor ! Most importantly , my cat actually sits on this tree and scratches the sisal ! Thanks Molly and Friends !
 I have had this product for over 2 years . My cats love it ! It arrived super fast and it perfect condition ! I will be buying more of these items in the future !
 I did n't even have it out of the box yet and they were using the scratching post already . I purchased this because I wanted something for in front of the bedroom window and the side of the cradle was exactly the height of the windowsill . It 's just PURR-fect and all three cats take turns . As soon as one gets down , another spots the opening and jumps in . I just hung a birdhouse on a shepherds hook in front of the window so now they have a free show . Shipping was very fast but the large carton was heavy and awkward so had to ask a friend to carry it in for me . But it 's fully assembled , very sturdy , and the scratching post is just a right height for a long stretch . This was money well spent and one of the best things I have ever gotten for the fur kids .
 My cat loved this thing right out of the box . -LRB- She also loved the large cardboard box it came in -- it comes fully assembled -- YAY ! -RRB- She uses the scratching post and really enjoys stretching up to the full height of the post . The cradle on top , unlike some I 've seen , is roomy enough to accommodate even a larger cat . My cat spends lots of time in the cradle -- sleeping , watching the world go by , playing -LRB- peeking under it , hanging from it etc. -RRB- Which reminds me , it 's also very sturdy -- heavy enough to take leaping , jumping , and other `` manoevers '' without tipping or bobbling -LRB- at least so far , and she 's given it a really good work-out !!! -RRB- .
 Very happy . Just received it and my kitten went right to it and started scratching and walked around the base checking it out . He loves it . I will be getting another one for another room .
 This is the second Molly and Friends product I 've bought . Their products are really good quality -LRB- heavy , durable , and attractive -RRB- . My cat loves lounging in the cradle .
 Very happy with this product ! Purchased two in the same order ; one for the LR and one for the BR and one or both are always in use cradling my Ragdolls . Height comes right up to the window ledge -LRB- could be a tad higher -RRB- . Super easy to clean with aPledge Fabric Sweeper for Pet Hair , 1 sweeper . Integrity of the rug on one of the cots was n't the best but not worth the cost to return . Would definitely purchase another from Molly and Friends . Overall design and quality beats many sold in chain and privately owned pet stores .
 Received this scratching post and was very pleased with how sturdy it was . It is tall enough for my cat to go into a full stretch for scratching purposes and the `` cradle '' is perfect for snoozing . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This is sturdy well made cat furniture . I choose this design for the slim profile . It can be placed in a window without impacting the view much at all . Our cats love it ! They took to it immediately rubbing all over the top of it and giving it a few good scratches . If they were feeling cozy both of them could fit on the top of it . I find sisal the most favored scratching surface . This replaced a shorter version from a different manufacturer that the rope was all shredded and had fallen off .
 Our cat absolutely loves this stand . She lays on it all the time . She also rolls around on it , which is very cute . She uses the scratching post as well . As soon as we got her , she immediately knew the stand was for her and started spending lots of time lounging on it . Seems like it is very comfortable for her . We 're so happy we bought this and we 're even considering getting another one for another room !
 This is a wonderfully made product . Very sturdy and my cat just loves it . Its tall enough for her to reach up and get a full stretch . She absolutely loves sleeping in the cradle part . I attached some toys so that they hang down from the cradle and she just plays and plays by herself . I have had other handmade scratching posts that are also extremely well made and thought I 'd never find anything comparable . This one however , surpasses anything I 've had and the price was just awesome . You could pay 2-3 times the amount I paid for this one -LRB- it was about $ 59 when I bought it -RRB- and I have seen it listed online for as much as $ 140 . Best money I 've spent on the cat !
 I recently signed up as a foster volunteer for a local rescue group , so I needed a cat tree for the second cat . I did n't hestitate about buying from Molly and Friends again . As with my first purchase , the tree arrived incredibly fast and was exactly as described . Very good quality and nice looking -LRB- for a cat tree anyway -RRB- . My only problem with it is that it is a little bit wobbly unlike the first one I bought that had two tiers . Cats do n't seem to mind though and fight over it .
 After trying 3 types of cat window shelves -LRB- all fell within minutes of the cat getting on them -RRB- , decided to get one of these instead -- added bonus was the scratching post since their old one came unraveled -RRB- . It 's nicely heavy so the cats ca n't tip it over , post is 35 '' tall so it gives the cats enough length to really go at it , post is covered in sisal not carpet -LRB- huge plus for that -RRB- . Originally after buying got a message that said it 'd take about 3 months to get to us , which was fine , but it was suddenly there after only 2 weeks . The only problem is whenever the little female cat gets up on the cradle , the male no matter what else he was comfortably snuggled into has to get up and chase her off . I 'd get another one but we do n't have any more room . I thought the cats would be uncomfortable in the cradle since it is n't cushioned -LRB- just plain carpet -RRB- but they do n't seem to mind at all . Male is too long for the cradle so part of him stick out -- but he does n't care . Female fits in it tidily . It 's well made , well thought out , and we 're all very happy with the product .
 I bought this piece in the fall of 2010 . My two kittens love it and enjoy sleeping on the top . This is the only reason I am giving it two stars . Recently , after about four months in use , the large sisel rope is becomming unraveled . Two kittens did this ! Unless there was a specific defect with this scratcher , the quality and durability of it is very poor , especially for the price they are asking . I am having serious doubts about ever purchasing another Molly and Friends scratching post after this experience .2 / 2/11 Update
 I bought 2 of these when we adopted 2 young Maine Coon cats , at the recommendation of their foster mom . She noted that both cats loved the ones she had in her house and they were sturdy enough for Maine Coons -LRB- big cats -RRB- . She was right , 4 months later I do n't know what we would have done without them . They are excellent scratching posts -LRB- save my furniture -RRB- and the kitties will spend hours on them watching birds through the window -LRB- kitty tv -RRB- . The cats leap on them , sleep on them , hang from them and chase each other over , around , and under them , and after 4 months of very heavy use , they still look like new . And they have n't even come close to toppling over yet . I even liked the price , and with Amazon Prime , no shipping fees , and it arrives in 2 days . I know I sound like an advertisement , but I ca n't think of a bad thing to say about these cots . The cats love them and so do I. Well , okay , I 'd be happier if they vacuumed themselves - Maine Coons have a lot of hair.I 'm about to foster a Maine Coon , so knowing I 'd better have another Kitty Cot , I 've just placed my order for # 3 . I 'm back almost a year after posting the above review to say these cots get used on a daily basis and they are still in excellent condition , and the cats still love them .
 I have to qualify - I 've never spent this much on a piece of cat furniture in my life ... but I 've had this post now for a month and I do n't regret the purchase at all!Despite having two posts in other parts of the house , my furry freeloader had taken to scratching the carpet in the living room , so I bought this post , thinking anything would be worth it to preserve the carpet . No sooner had I lifted it out of the box than he was on it , rubbing against it . I questioned whether it had been catnip-treated ! I had to lift both the cat and the post over to the corner where I intended it to sit , and he went to town . He 's a long cat , but there 's plenty of post to allow him to stand up and get a full stretch while scratching . He also loves to lay on the carpeted base and sort of spin himself around by clawing the post until he gets dizzy . It took him a day or two to get comfortable jumping up to the top , but now he loves it on his perch . The post is extremely well-made , not at all loose or wobbly , and after getting a month of consistent use , has yet to shed the annoying little carpet loops that you get from the cheap posts . I vacuum the base , and I 've been pretty successful using a fuzz-catcher brush to clean the top nest . The picture shows gray carpeting , and mine is more of a beige - closer in color to the rope of the post , but I do n't have an issue with that . All in all , A + !
 I do n't usually write product reviews , but I am in this case because this scratching post is fantastic ! My five-year-old tabby adores this post . As soon as we took it out of the box he was all over it . He knew exactly what it was for ! A month after its arrival , he still uses it everyday and it has completely resolved our problems with him scratching the couch and the carpet . He also loves to perch on top of the post , which features comfortable carpet just wide enough and long enough for him to sleep on . He sits up on top of the perch most of the day where he can keep an eye on things going around the apartment and outside the window . We keep the post near our couch and when we watch television he sits behind us at eye-level and within easy reach for lots of attention throughout the evening . Our cat is happier on top of his post than an old man in an easy chair!If you have a kitty scratching problem , this post may very well be the happiest of solutions !
 My cat is in LOVE with this item . He has not gotten off it since I took it out the box . It was packaged well and their is no assembling . I was very pleased and I would buy this again . My cat loves it and I am pleased .
 I bought this item over a year ago when I had only one cat , and she can lay length-wise comfortably . Today I am looking for something larger , as I have three cats , and this cradle is big enough for two of them , sideways . They all three LOVE the cradle - I highly recomend this product , you wo n't be sorry you got it !! -LRB- No matter how they jump on/off , it never tips them -RRB-
 We got this for christmas to stroll our new bunnies . It 's great . Rolls easy and is easy to manuever . Also light weight so easy to lift & move around . Very secure . We love it & it works perfect .
 My dog loves it and I especially like the fact that she can look up and see me . So many people have stopped and asked me about this stroller about their own pets.It 's good construction and easy to assemble .
 My small dog fits in this and I like that there is plenty of window for her to see out of . . The stroller is strong and sturdy and folds up or down in seconds.My grandkids LOVE taking Gracie for walks around the house .
 Wonderful ! Was better than I thought it would be . My mom uses it all the time . Dogs like it too .
 My granddaughter loved the stroller . Zoe , her dog , had a long ride on Christmas day . She rollered skated around the block .
 This gem of a stroller came ultra fast , was a piece of cake to assemble , and I have absolutely no complaints about it . I was concerned about the possiblilty of issues with the zipper and/or the front wheels as noted by other reviewers , but I need not have been concerned . The zipper works just fine and the wheels go where directed - even over sidewalks covered with acorns . My stubborn -LRB- but absolutely adorable -RRB- little dachshund , who likes to go on walks but refuses to do the actual walking , loves her new `` buggy . '' She gets plenty of air , does n't miss a thing , but the best part is I do n't have to carry her . I was concerned that the stroller might be too small for her because of her length but she fits it in beautifully and has lots of extra room to turn around to see me . The handle height is perfect for me at my height of 5 ' 6 '' . I ca n't say enough about this stroller . It 's a great value for the price and I 've even got my husband walking with us in the evening - pushing a pink stroller !
 The pet stoller was everything I expected . The product is sturdy and looks nice . My Dashaund absolutely loves going for walks with me now ! Thank you !
 Ordered this for my 1.5 & 2.2 lb Yorkies . Instructions do say not to put 2 or more than 2 pets in it but they are so small it 's perfect ! They love to go outside so I know they will enjoy our evening walks . I knew as soon as I bought my beautiful babies they would not have endurance for long walks -LRB- which I love -RRB- so that 's why this purchase . I am glad I picked it ! It 's super cute ! I like pink although I would 've liked something a little more neutral since I have a male and female LOL But for the price and pink all I could find in this one I 'll take it ! Assembly is very easy was able to do it myself . Perfect size , easy to fold and put in car too ! Shipping . . yes got it quicker than expected . . still waiting on 3 other items I ordered at the same time from someone else !
 This is great ! I ordered this stroller for my mom for her Bichon Frise that is 18 pounds and just getting too old to enjoy long walks , but still loves to feel the wind in her face ! It goes together very easily and is a perfect size for her . It is also super easy to fold up for storage or to take with you . It is a great deal too -- these are $ 100 or more in stores !
 I love the stroller and so does my baby dog . She thinks she is the queen . The price was great and the transaction went smooth . Definitely will recommend to all my friends with pets .
 The stroller has worked great for the couple of walks we have been on so far . My dog , Sarah , loves it . It folds up like a kid stroller so it can be taken easily in the car . Has great storage area for water , cell phone , leash , etc. . Gets me out of the house too . I 'm happy with my purchase so far .
 This Stroller is very very nice for petsComfortable and the color is cute , and I had fast shiping . thanks a lot
 My only complaint about this stroller is the wheels are n't as sturdy as they could be . They 're made of cheap hollow plastic , instead of rubber , or even a more sturdy plastic would be better . The front wheel likes to stray a little , but my husband put some type of lubricant on it & now it goes in the right direction . Overall , for the price , it 's a great little stroller . It serves its purpose & my dogs are comfy in it . I also like that it has a little storage basket beneath , & it also has cup holders.I bought mine from Cavalier Wholesale & their service was top notch !
 I am really impressed on how sturdy this stroller is . My dog loves this thing and just sits in it like a little princess . It was very easy to assemble , I had it together in 10 min ! The cotter pin was my only problem , need a needle nose pliers .
 Love this - I only wish I had n't ordered it in pink - it shows dirt really easily . Strollls great , lots of extras including storage !
 It handles just like a regular baby carriage . I 'm a man so immagine you as a guy pushing this stroller past a lady , she bends down and starts saying oh how cute how old is the ba -LRB- pause -RRB- uh the cat ? That 's right this was purchased for our kitty -LRB- Sasha -RRB- . It 's easy to put together in minutes . The wheels are smooth and sturdy so the entire stroller feels great . It 's also great for human babies too . It gets funny when people walk by and see a cat instead of a baby . Buy it you wo n't regret it , a real head turner .
 This stroller is the perfect size to take my paraplegic bichon frise for walks . She has enough room to sit or lay down , and the mesh window in the top of the enclosed carriage is perfect for her to look up at me as I 'm pushing the stroller . She likes to look to me for reassurance so that window is a perfect touch . Though it 's pretty cold right now in the Chicago area , I ca n't wait for it to warm up so we can go for walks again and enjoy fresh air . This stroller is affordable , lightweight and durable . It folds up very easily , and there was little to do to assemble it . I would definitely recommend it for anyone with a smaller , disabled pet . I imagine it would also be great for tiny , pocket size pets who either do n't have a lot of endurance for walks , or for whom you 're afraid will get trampled on crowded street/sidewalks/malls , etc. .
 I purchased this dog stroller for an annual fundraising event that I participate in every year . It lasts about four years and in the past me and my fianc&eacute; ended up carrying my two Chihuahuas and it becomes a handful with all the other stuff we are carrying . This stroller was amazing . It handled the wet grass and uneven terrain perfectly . I loved that I could have it open and they could stand up on the edge and look out or I could zip it closed so that no stray hands could get in . I love that it has two cup holders , a compartment with a lid and the basket underneath . This was everything that I was looking for . It is very easy to use and sets up and folds down in seconds . We recently used the stroller again when we went to Savannah and I would certainly recommend this stroller to anyone looking for one .
 The pet stroller is perfect for my small dog who does n't enjoy walking outside . She does like going in the stroller . The basket under the stroller is handy for putting packages while you shop or for storage of take along items . The only thing I did n't like was that it has no attached strap for hooking your dog 's collar . My dog likes to ride in the open stroller so I wish there was a way to attach her collar . The stroller is easy to turn and seems sturdy .
 I just recieved this pet stroller , ordered it on 4/16/12 arrived on 4/21/12 ! It is all that you expect . Color is Great ! It is made well . Zipper is a heavy plastic , it zips easily , the outer material is also made well , there is a wolly pad inside that comes out to wash when needed , the mesh on the window areas are a rubber coated mesh , so not to catch with the animals nails . . It came with a rain cover as well . The only things that I had to put on it , was to snap the front wheel on , snap on the cup/storage onto the handle and put the back wheels on . Very simple took less than 10 min . max ! I have a Lhatese `` Bella '' she weighs 10 pds . about 17-18 in.long . Plenty of room to move around/lay down . Wheels are plastic , It rides/drives well . I bought this so when she tired when out for a walk , and also when I travel I will be able to take her into stores with me instead of being left in the hotel all day , alone .
 The stroller is definitely an attention getter . I would not use it for jogging as the wheels are more designed for less strenuous work . The instructions are not intuitive . The clamp on the side that keeps the stroller collapsed does not work real well . Other than that , it appears to be built fairly well . It also comes with a clear plastic rain cover which could come in handy .
 I do like the look of the stroller and how smooth it strolls . the only thing i find a little `` cheaply '' made are the wheels . . they are plastic feeling and i think they could wear out quickly . but i do love the stroller and so do my 2 little chihuahuas ! also the cup holders are kinda small you can only fit cans or a small bottle in there . . i like to bring my big water jug so i just store it below ! but if you are looking for something cute and durable this is the one for you !!
 Adorable pet stroller perfect for a small dog who does n't want to walk too far but loves being with you and oohed and ahhhed by people walking by !! Easy to fold up too ! Great purchase and shipped quickly
 I bought this stroller for my 4 pound lop-eared bunny . We have it in the pink color since she is a girl . It came in the mail very quickly , took a few minutes to assemble , and looks so adorable ! I can fit the bunny in it plus two of her blankets , a ziplock with timothy hay , and a toy all in the top . I keep my cellphone in the compartment on the handlebar with cups when going on walks , and store extra bunny things in the basket underneath . She loves to ride in it around the neighborhood , to the vet , or to other animal events . The downsides are that the stroller is hard to control because of the front wheel twisting , the cup holder is hard to snap on when first assembling , and the stroller is to tall for my bunny to jump in/out of on her own . It would be great if they sold a weather shield to go with this , because my bunny loves walks all year round ! :] I also like that I can fold the stroller up small enough to fit in the car with most of her stuff still in it . People do think I 'm strange to have a bunny stroller , though .
 After working long hours I feel bad when I come home and want to run but know my Yorkie does n't have the stamina to come with me . This stroller solves that problem . She now loves coming shopping with me and going to events she previously would n't have been able to attend on her leash . It doesnt handle perfect by any means but it definitely serves its purpose .
 I love the stroller , however , wish the mesh portion of the zipper was more user friendly ... it doesnt line up very easy .
 I have used this product for almost two years . It is handy , quick , clean and easy to use -LRB- you need a spray bottle -RRB- . It is really great for muddy paws ; greasey paws after a rawhide chew ; and equally safe for cats or dogs . I have severe allergies and have no problems with the scent . It is hard to find locally . Hollywood Pet Star carries it but only in the smaller pump bottles . My cats are elderly and sometimes do n't clean their butts well . A quick spray on a folded paper towel makes a very effective wipe . This is one case where paying almost as much for postage as the product is well worth it . You still save about $ 20 . over the cost of an equal quantity , buying multiple 8oz . or 16oz. , bottles . It goes a long way too and does not leave the pet 's fur soapy . You just dry it lightly with a towel and you are good to go . It does not irritate their skin or yours .
 I love this product . I clean up my dogs with this before they come back into the house from being outside doing their business and they smell so clean and fresh -LRB- no urine odor for the boys -RRB- .
 I only use this shampoo . It . Leaves my puppy clean and safe from fleas and ticks . , He loves when . Its bathtime .
 My wife bathes her little dogs regularly with this . She 's pleased with the results and we will continue to purchase this product .
 I go in the store to buy this but I did n't have the time so I ordered it . I am very pleased with it . Same great product . It does kill the fleas on your dog .
 This stuff is great for a dog that has fleas . . And you can used it on head lice on a person . . Someone else told me that !!
 This is a shampoo that used to be easy to find in most stores locally ! It always seems to me that most of the good products that actually work get removed and or replaced after you get used to buying them and depending on them to be there ! This is definitely some of the best over the counter dog shampoo that I have ever found and I was tickled too death to find it on Amazon.com !!! All 5 star rating as it should be ! They are priced reasonably and they ship fast ! Thanks !!!
 Been using this product for years , in combination with a flea collar . Never had a dog die , get sick , or have fleas or ticks .
 I have used this product for over 20 years on several very long lived Dobermans . It is one of the few that keep the flys off for weeks after a bath , keeps their coats shiny and flake free . Complete rinsing and drying after any shampoo is a must ! Stopping your dog from licking itself is also very important following any shampoo or treatment!People should realize all products that kill fleas are TOXIC or they would not kill the fleas ! Yes , even NATURAL products ! Dog Bane , chocolate , arsnic , lead , rabies and plague are toxic and deadly to dogs and completely and totaly natural .
 I love this shampoo ! It makes my little dog smell good and it makes his fur very soft ! It is an excellent flea and tick shampoo !
 Took my vet 's advice and bought this item . We fitted it yesterday . Vet suggested some moleskin under to protect puppy 's face because of the shape . If I had known , I might have bought the padded one . If the moleskin works , this one will be super for the price . It also comes with a training book and DVD that I have yet to view . Guess it will be just what I need .
 I just moved to Mississippi and my 3 New York Chihuahua had never know what a tick was . Obviously these Mississippi Ticks did n't know what a New York Chihuahua was because they all wanted a taste of them.I was plucking 2-3 a day off my little guys . I did treat the yard with a bag of bug granules from Lowes . I only treated near the house since I did n't want any ticks on me . I did n't treat the rest of the 20 acres where the dogs often go exploring . I placed these collars on them and for 60 days not one tick or flea . Not even a bite . The collars actually have a pleasant smell . After 60 days free of ticks I did spot 2 ticks total in the span of the next few weeks . These are advertised a 6 month collars . I 'm sure they would reduce infestation for 6 months but not 100 % . So I decided for $ 5 the collar had served its purpose and placed fresh ones . Some might need a stronger collar but for my 5-10lb Chihuahuas these worked well .
 we live in the country and it can get really tick infested ... Our dog might have had 2 ticks all summer
 This is one of the best . The built in skimmer is a must.I have tried over the years to build a wet/dry unit.The time and money you spend is alot more.This one unit does it all.Justin W. Huff
 It runs 24/7 for 3 years then that is a good pump . Remember its a water pump not a car .
 This is a great pump at a reasonable price . Drives my protein skimmer very well . Fast service and product just as advertised .
 When I first unwrapped this for the holidays my husband laughed at me for such a `` silly purchase '' . But after the dogs took a swim , I was amazed at how much easier it was to dry them with using Soggy Dog towels , as opposed to our standard ones . It 's really just the little addition of the built in gloves for your hands that makes a quick `` shimmy shimmy '' on your dogs easy on your BACK ! Also - unlike standard towels which fall off if you drape them over your dog for a moment , the Soggy Dog towels held fine while I switched between drying two 80lb Goldens ! No easy feat prior .
 This stuff really works on our mini schnauzer . She used to go nuts when she saw other dogs or people arrived . Not vicious barking , just happy , happy yapping . But it was still irritating . After a few sessions with the citronella-filled collar , all we have to do is show it to her and she is quiet . Relief !! We are pleased at how long a can last and it is very easy to refill the collar . No mess at all .
 This is a great product to deter a barking dog . It is effective and safe for all dogs , big and small .
 My cats love this two-tier cat tree . They take turns sitting on the top tier and watching people and birds . The tree is very sturdy and never tips . Most importantly to me , they use the sisal and carpet on the tree to sharpen their claws instead of my furniture .
 Some cat furniture needs to be assembled and the quality is suspect , not Molly & Friends ! It 's built well and this one came assembled . It 's perfect and my cats love it !
 Wow , I really struggled with whether to get this pricey cat tower vs. the many cheaper ones available , but it was worth it . After reading a lot of Amazon reviews I decided I did n't want to risk buying something that would fall apart or tip over , which nearly every other brand 's reviewers said happened . The best thing about this cat tower is it came fully assembled ! It is sturdy and heavy -LRB- the weight is a good thing , it adds to the stability -RRB- . It 's not so heavy that I ca n't lift it -LRB- I 'm a 130 lb woman -RRB- , but I would n't want to carry it far . It 's also very nice-looking without taking up lots of space . It 's a good height - the top tier sits level with my higher-than-average windowsills . Even though I struggled with the price , I am glad I ultimately went with this one !
 The kitties instantly started playing on this . My cats are BIG and they need a sturdy piece of furniture . Highly recommend this one . Perfect perch for viewing the birdies outside too
 We 've had it a few years . The cats use it as a lookout and resting spot . The bowl and scoop are quite large which the cat 's seem to like .
 This furniture arrived fully assembled and ready to go right from the box . My three cats were immediately intrigued with this cat tree . It really is the perfect solution for us . I have one cat who is 17 years old -- he sleeps on the base of the tree . It 's carpeted , soft , and he can be near the other two `` youngsters '' . My other cats are 1 and 6 months . They can both fit in the top circular area and often sleep together like ying and yang . So cute ! Occasionally I will sprinkle catnip on the tree and they will roll around and play with each other -- one on the top and the other on the middle piece . Hours of entertainment ! I placed it in front of my living room window so they can keep an eye on the birds throughout the day . Really a wonderful piece of furniture and I 'm so glad I bought it . I 've wanted one for years but did n't want to spend the money . I will say it was definitely worth the price .
 My cat likes this cat tree , however , the second cat does n't realize it can get to the top pedestal . If the top perch had an opening in the front , the cat could easily see to jump up there . My one cat only uses the lower perch , and with him sitting there , the other is n't able to get to the top . I would suggest cutting out an arch in the front of the top perch to the builders of the product . Also , it had to be delivered 3x secondary to damage with shipping . Amazon was very helpful with re-ordering the product and the third time , went with a different shipping method . the box was still heavily damaged , but not the product .
 I purchased this item , with some confidence , since I had purchased a previous cat tree by Molly and Friends and have been quite happy with the sturdiness and the roomy seats . I had not purchased it through Amazon . I think I was very fortunate , that it was delivered intact , in that it was delivered in a flimsy box , that was bursting open . The box consisted of two boxes taped together . The tape was breaking apart . There were some bald spots on the carpeting -LRB- thank goodness minor spots -RRB- where it had been banged . There was no packing , not even plastic . Also , it is advertised as beige , and they sent dark-brown . I had read a previous review , where they also received a different color than what was advertised . I thought perhaps that was a single mistake . Now I am thinking they send you whatever color they have left in the warehouse , no matter what the picture . It is a great product , but when you purchase it on-line , you are taking your chances !
 Compact . They use it and LOVE the sisal . They prefer the top and only occasionally use the lower portion . Bought 2 .
 Very well made product . Heavy enough to stay upright and handles my 20lb Maine Coon easily on either level . The cats love it and play and sleep on it all the time . Comes fully assembled and the price on Amazon was the lowest around with shipping . American made quality item .
 Delivery arrived by FedEx . Box was not beat up in anyway . My cat loves it . I love it . Wish it had a little tassle toy thing but , at the end of the day , it 's a solid product and great for small apartments .
 I bought this along with the single one , and my cats love both of them . They are very well made , with a scratching post too . Very good products !
 Luigi gives it five meows ! Molly and Friends cat furniture is heavy-duty stuff , built to last , and the carpet is really tacked down tight . For a large rambuctious cat , it 's the only brand of cat furniture that 's worth the money , in my opinion .
 I needed some new cat furniture and was impressed with reviews on this cat tree , so I thought I 'd give it a try . As other reviewers said , the tree arrived in perfect condition -LRB- even though the box it came in was a little mangled -RRB- . My cats -LRB- and I -RRB- liked this tree so much that I ordered another one when more came in stock.How great to have this delivered to your door , already assembled , and at a decent price !
 I received this item just before Christmas . It came on schedule , and the box was in excellent shape . The item is just as described . I have multiple cats and they fight for space on this sturdy piece . Occasionally , I 'll find 3 of them crammed into the top perch , sleeping soundly . A good investment !
 We have three cats who are very active and playful . I looked at many cat trees before ordering this one , they all seemed too tall and unstable for three active cats . The `` Simple Sleeper '' is very sturdy and can easily stand the cats jumping and clawing at the base . It is just what it says , a sleeper , not a tree house or cat den . I was looking for something for the cats to snuggle in and this is just what I was looking for . Great product and it comes assembled , no tools required .
 My cat loves it , it 's good looking , and I 'm very impressed by the quality . Molly and Friends know what they 're doing !
 It 's worth every penny . Solid as a tree . Two cats run , jump , fight , and sleep on it . NO other tree stand type product I 've tried for my cats even comes close to this . Get it .
 I just received Molly 's and Friends 2-Tier Cat Tree yesterday . Loved not having to put it together . It took 10 minutes for 2 of my adult cats to fall in love . They love the window height so they can watch the goings on outside . The other trees I 've had in the past had multiple perches but they never seemed to use all of them . This tree they take turns are using both perches and the 3rd cat will just lay on the large base . One of the best features of this tree is the sturdiness . Its the first piece that I have purchased that I do n't need to weigh down with weights , there is no wobbling going on at all . My cats are adults and one of them ; Izzy is a big girl and just loves the large size of the top perch there is plenty of room for her to spread out . Thanks Molly and Friends for making what I think will be long lasting fun for Izzy , Lacy , and Spooky .
 Just got my Molly and Friends cat tree , it arrived already assembled in a huge box -LRB- how do they ship the ones that are even bigger ? -RRB- . It is rock solid and very sturdy , the carpet is well-tacked on and the sisal is wrapped nicely . This tree is solid enough to last even my big bruisers quite a long time . We 're all very pleased .
 I searched and searched for sturdy cat furniture.The furniture I saw in stores looked like it would fall over if a cat climbed on it . This is extremely well made and my cat loves laying in the donut hole :-RRB- .
 My kitty likes to be `` up '' on things . So this tree is right down his alley . I leave treats for him on it , and we use it as a play area also , not to mention he loves the scratching post too . We 're both glad he has it .
 EXCELLENT choice for my new little 4 month old siamese kitten ! Chong-Chong loves climbing , scratching , playing all over this wonderfully constructed and sturdy kitty-tree ! Sooo cute to watch him have fun !
 I have a large indoor/outdoor cat who took to this tree immediately . I was concerned that he would n't . He loves the scratching post and sleeps in the higher bed . The product is extremely sturdy such that the cat sits on the edge and it does n't even wobble . Highly recommended .
 Molly and Friends cat tree is such a great product . I have been looking around my area for cat trees and most of them look like they were manufactured with cheap-looking materials or were poorly constructed . I read some reviews about Molly and Friends products on Amazon , and I thought I would try it for my little kitten . It was a great purchase!Although the box it was delivered in was gigantic , I was glad that the furniture was already put together . It is very sturdy and has a large base that does not wobble . Before I got the product entirely out the box , my kitten was already jumping and playing with it!Here are some things , in particular , I really like about this cat tree :1 -RRB- The carpet that the product is made of is very attractive looking . It does n't look like some cheap wood shop project that most major pet stores pawn off .2 -RRB- For its price , the cat tree is a very good value considering its nice construction , and design3 -RRB- The built-in sisal rope scratching post is a nice feature . It eliminates the need to buy a separate scratching post for kitty .4 -RRB- All the tiers are exposed , so kitty wo n't feel claustrophobic.I highly recommend this product for someone who is looking for a premium quality , attractive cat tree.UPDATE
 Both my cats can be playing on this and it does n't even wobble . The sisal scratching post is just the right height for a cat to really stretch out while scratching . One of my cats likes to climb the sisal post like she 's climbing a tree . My only complaint is not for Molly & Friends , it 's for Amazon . The box did n't have a bit of shipping tape on it and it busted out of the box during the handling by UPS . The UPS man had me examine the contents before he left so I could have easily refused shipment if it was damaged . -LRB- Luckily it was NOT damaged since it 's so well made -RRB- . Molly & Friends is a great company that builds quality cat furniture . ************* ETA
 This cat tree came yesterday along with another Molly and Friends larger tree . Both are wonderful . All assembled and the shipping boxes were intact . The products are sturdy and nice looking . Much , much better than any products I 've seen for sale at our local Petsmart or Petco . The beige carpet is excellent quality and the sisal poles are long enough for the cats to get a good stretch . I ` me very pleased with these products .
 My 4 cats have really taken to this furniture . It 's sturdy and very well made . It blends into any room since the color is neutral . My cats love the bed on top and the cradle section . Plus this comes with a nice size scratching post . Highly recommended .
 My cats took to it immediately . The height is perfect for them to watch out the window or curl up & sleep in the sun coming in the window . The height of the sisal post is just right for them to really stretch out when they use it . Great buy !
 I researched a lot of cat furniture and selected this one based on the reviews -LRB- and color -RRB- . This item shipped very fast and came fully assembled . The box looked like it took a beating , but the furniture was just fine inside . I 'd rather that then have to assemble it myself . It is a great neutral color and very sturdy . My two cats were on it immediately and have rarely left it since . I was going to get the item with just the taller of the two perches , but I 'm so glad I chose this one . Both of my cats play and sleep together on it . I highly recommend this item and definitely this brand .
 this item arrived yesterday and i am very pleased with the build quality . my two large cats love it and it is sturdy enough to stand up to their roughhousing . thankfully this item is so well made because the box it arrived in looked like it had been thrown out of a plane . beat up , torn , barely held together by loose packing tape and someone at ups or fed ex put a plastic bag around it so the box did n't fall apart . item gets five stars plus . . packing box - one star minus .
 Having read the other reviews , I waited for a raggedy box with a wonderful cat condo inside . I was not disapointed . The box was raggedy and the cat condo was everything I had hoped for . My cats love it . Its the first cat condo that they actually love to be in . It gives them a place to get away from the little dog I have where they can watch everything that 's going on . Each cat has found their favorite perch and they spend most of their time there . It 's sturdy , good quality carpeting and very well made .
 This cat tree is great , its a well-made product that is sturdy and looks nice . My cat loves it . She is of ample proportions , yet fits nicely on both levels .
 WE -LRB- KIKI & I -RRB- LOVE THIS TREE !!! IT is saving our carpet and furniture for sure ... It 's the perfect height for our travel trailer.We are `` happy '' !!!
 The `` Simple Sleeper '' is very sturdy with good quality carpet and constructed well . It 's heavy with a good base and will not tip with an active/large cat . I was impressed with the quality of this product .
 Our cat Abby loves the new cat furniture ... . especially because she can sit up so high . Santa made a good selection .
 My cats love the tree ... but I 've found similar trees at local pet stores that are much less expensive . Good , quality product though .
 This is a sturdy toy , does n't feel flimsy , stands solidly in place . It uses three AA batteries . So far it 's been through about 10 cycles of 2-hour presets and it 's still on the first set of batteries.It 's very easy to set up and `` program . '' There is one button for on/off , and one button to program 15-minute presets for up to two hours , so you can set it and forget it if you wish . It also has a dial to let you set the rate of rotation for the feather wand . I set it on the lowest speed.By design , the wand rotates at an erratic pace , and jumps back and forth a bit , to keep the cats on their toes so they do n't get bored . My unit is , thankfully , absolutely silent . I ca n't hear it at all while it 's on . The feathers are attached by a small metal loop.The design is well-done so the hanging part of the feather does not get entangled in the wand . It seems to be quite a simple matter to replace with something fresh if it becomes necessary . I do n't know if the company sells replacements , but it looks like a very simple do-it-yourself project.We had a similar toy from another well-known brand , in the same price range , and the difference in quality is noticeable . This product is much more sturdy , with feet that are fastened strongly and do n't feel as if they will snap off , a base unit heavy enough to stay in place , quality materials for the wand and feathers so the feathers do n't become tangled - overall , it 's a quality product.And last , but most important of all
 I 'm about to purchase my third one of these - not because they wear out easily but because I have one cat that 's totally addicted to this toy . It has variable speeds so the old-man-cat and the kitten can take turns being entertained . It has a timer button that can be pressed up to 8 times which will set it to run from 15 minutes -LRB- one press -RRB- to 2 hours -LRB- if pressed all 8 times -RRB- . Of course it also has the standard on/off switch . The feather that comes with the toy can be removed and a toy mouse or , my cat 's favorite , a ribbon can be attached for variety .
 I like others have spent quite a bit of money on cat toys that usually or rarely get used . This one is different . My cat has not tired of it yet . He really takes it personal when the toy keeps knocking him in the head with the feather thing . Eventually my cat makes up his mind and battles this thing to a win . Usually when I walk back in the room he will have removed the plastic part of the arm and placed it right by the base showing me his victory kill . I do n't let him play with it continually but I bring it out about once a day or every other day and he always likes it . The cat toy people are getting a little better making these things . This one is real sturdy and no matter how much my cat pins the arm the motor does not jam or stop . I think the area of most improvement is the timer . If it was n't for this it might not be such a successful toy . The time allows you to let your cat start to play with it and if you leave the room you do n't have to worry about the battery running down in an hour or two if you forget to check on it . This is a major problem with many battery operated cat toys . I have the toy with the mouse that goes around and around and if you turn it on and they start to play with it , then a phone call comes in , you get side tracked and once again you end up changing the batteries . The only reason I did n't give this Loco Motion Electronic Cat Toy a five star review is because the manufactures need to add a motion detector so that if a cat walks by it the game will start for a while and if he walks away it will stop after a certain amount of time . This I think will not only help even more with battery life but will also increase the amount of time they will play with it .
 Some of my cats love this ; others just sit and watch the others play with it . I like the fact that it has a timer and will automatically shut off in 15 minutes -LRB- or more if I set it to a different time -RRB- . My cats are older , so that may be why they do n't play with it as much as I hoped . I think if you have younger cats/kittens , they will love this .
 This is a great toy . Both my Bengal kitten -LRB- wild ! -RRB- and my adult Birman -LRB- placid -RRB- like this toy . They have dozens , and this is one of their absolute favorite . The ability to change the speed is nice , and the ability to set a timer is a great feature ! More powered cat toys should have a timer.It is well made , but could be a bit better designed for an active cat . My husband had to put a clamp on it to keep the wand from coming off the motor part . Also , while it does have extendable legs , it can still fall over . -LRB- I often find this thing whirring away on it 's side because my kitten has dragged it off to his `` den '' . -RRB- Also , since cats love to stalk something that stops , then moves again , it would be great if the wand stopped now then then rather than continuously moving.Still , it is a superb toy and I highly recommend it .
 Lucy is addicted , yes , a full-fledged addict to this toy . Sam on the other hand , just watches her play with it and is more interested in the base . He ` will ' swat it once , maybe twice if it 's off but he 's an oldster and carries his ` mice ' around all day , so it 's all right . Back to Lucy . This toy was sent to my 2 cats for Christmas . I read the directions , put it together in a snap , put it on the floor and turned it on . Both cats made a beeline to it and skidded to a halt ` in case ' it was alive and would attack . You know how cats are , they have to check everything . Lucy became the brave one . She decided to walk past it , closely past it , and pretend she was n't noticing . But when she was about 4 feet past it , she gave an almost imperceptible glance backwards , and in one blink she grabbed it . She batted that feather over and over and then realized that if she laid down next to it , the feather would come to her ! Jackpot ! She could now be lazy in body and active in paws . She never stops and she never gets tired of it . It has gotten so bad that when I turn it off and try to go to bed myself , she cries and cries and paces the floor . I even hid it on top of the fridge the 2nd night , and for the first time in her life , she pulled the brass fan away from the fireplace and put her front feet into all that soot , pawing around for the toy . What used to be pristine white feet are now , pardon the pun , shades of gray , but that 's better than the jet black that they were . As I type this , she is on the floor behind me caterwauling for me to go back downstairs and turn it on again . I hear you , you 're saying so go do it . But now she wants you to sit and watch her while she kills the feather . She 's so proud of herself . If you try to leave and let her play on her own , forget it . She wants you ` there ' . My cat is an addict . I know it and she knows it . Shoot , my neighbors know it . And Sam ? He does n't care ; he has his mice . He just says , `` You tell 'em cat , that 's what you 're fur '' . I ca n't believe I just typed that . I 'll blame the cat ; -RRB- That is our experience with the SmartyKat LocoMotion toy and as you can see , one loves it and one yawns . But personally , I think it 's worth the try and if it does n't work wonders with your cat , send it on to another cat for their fun . One of them is going to thank you , or knock themselves out trying . Opps , I have to cut this review short now . Cat Rehab is returning my call . _________________________________ UPDATE
 This toy has been the favorite for all ages . Although after many hours and months of really going after this the toy gets noisy . -LRB- I think the gears get stripped -RRB- I am sure its because cats are stronger than they think when it comes to grabbing and holding on to something moving . But we are working on our third and I would not be without it . It has a timer or continous mode , which is so helpful . I hate getting up and turning these toys on again and again . So this toy is awsome when you leave for work . They will play with it and sleep under it letting it drag across them . Its great . A must have in my home . We have one that has been going for a year now and the batteries actually work for alot longer than I thought . When the feathers on it get pulled off I just tie another toy on it and when they pull the wand out I just gray tape it for better holding power against my crazy ones . Its a must have though and wo n't go without one ever cause they seem to never get bored with it .
 These treats are perfect for smaller birds and all my birds love them . And the resealable bag actually seals . They are hard to find in the stores and this was an excellent , excellent deal .
 I used to buy from Drs. Foster & Smith , but they no longer carry these . My conure loves them as do the 3 conures of my friends . They are like birdie Jelly Bellies that are designed for them . Highly recommended .
 FM Browns Fruit Bites is a high quality product for your bird . I am not sure why it is getting so hard to find this product , but your bird will love it .
 The order process was simple . The order was processed and shipped in a timely manner and the product was received in good condition . The price was very competitive also . All-in-all an excellent customer experience .
 I can not believe anyone would think the gentle leader is `` cruel . '' This headcollar works well for many reasons :1 . It does n't put any pressure on the dog 's trachea - he does n't choke when pulling as with a traditional choke chain .2 . It works much like a bridle for a horse - if the head turns , the body must follow .3 . The person walking the dog has a lot more control - it is much easier to keep your dog from jumping on strangers , or lunging at other dogs .4 . The dog can only pull half as hard as he normally would on a buckle collar.The only downside I really see as that it can rub on the bridge of the dog 's nose.True , it 's somewhat of a challenge for your dog to get used to the gentle leader , but my chihuahua mix wears it everytime he goes outside , and now he 'll put his nose into it because he associates it with a good time . Use treats and other rewards to encourage your dog.The whole alpha/submission thing I agree is somewhat of a racket , but I understand the points on the body on which a gentle leader has pressure to be a calming stimulus . Also , there is no pressure at all if the dog is not pulling.Yes , you want your dog to follow you and not pull on a leash because he finds you `` interesting '' and obeys you . That only goes so far in a dog 's mind once he sees a squirrel or another dog during a long walk . The gentle leader provides just what it advertises - gentle control . You walk the dog , the dog does n't walk you .
 I own two cats with very different tastes in food and treats . This is the only thing they both eat and they love it!It 's a little messy as the flakes will eventually disintegrate into a powder - and it can be expensive depending on where you buy it -LRB- my local pet store charges $ 8 for 1/2 an ounce , ouch ! -RRB- but my cats beg for it daily and it 's sure way to get their attention .
 These were bought as somewhat of a gag Christmas gift for our cat ... As it turns out , she absolutely loves them ! -LRB- A friend 's dog also loves them -RRB- We give them to her as a daily snack and she will sit in front of the cabinet where they 're kept , begging for more . It 's a small price to pay for making her this happy !
 I purchased the Cosmic Tuna Flakes , which are Cat Treats . While my cat loves the Tuna Flakes , it took over 3 weeks for the Cosmic Firm to ship out the product . Go with the Cat-Man Doo Extra Large Tuna Flakes . Also a better deal .
 I actually purchased these because I needed that size battery for a remote doorbell . I do n't know anything about the spray sense products , but the battery works fine . : - -RRB-
 I find these batteries to be an excellet item . . ones I can always depend on when I need them for my dog 's collar ... . Thanks
 We purchased 2 collars . Both dogs responded well to it after the first time we put it on them . We do n't keep it on them all the time as it does tend to go off when the get excited and playing around . One of our dogs all we have to do is show her the collar and she stops barking .
 We have a new `` kid '' in our four legged family , a one year old , rambunctious put bull named Tim . He was completely unsocialized , and while he got along very well with our other dogs and our cats , he exhibited behaviors such as fence charging and barking , and barking at our new -LRB- and very tolerant -RRB- neighbor , which are behaviors that are completely unacceptable in our house.I needed a way to correct and redirect his behavior when we were not here to supervise him . After a supervised training period with the citronella collar , we can now leave Tim , and the rest of our pack , in the backyard to play , knowing a spray from the collar at the first bark from Tim will stop his barking , and also stop the excited energy from progressing to anything unwanted.The spray is not harsh -LRB- I tested it on myself -RRB- , but it is a gentle , instantaneous reminder that barking is not acceptable .
 Thses batteries are IMPOSSIBLE to find in stores ... I 'm not sure why bark collars ca n't just use regularly available batteries ... but these were available at a great price . Initially I wrote a bad review for the product because I received two batteries that did n't work , I contacted the seller . They were very quick to respond and has resolved the problem for me . Great service & price !!
 I feel a little mislead . The package on the web sit clearly shows two batteries per package , but when my order arrived each package only contained one battery . Obviously , I only received half the batteries that I thought I was ordering .
 I love it , it really works ! My neighboors were complaining and I had police officers , animal control personal every day at my house . They would tell me that I had to get ride of my dog . I would said
 This product works as it is intended . Dogs really seem to dislike the Citronella . We had a dog that was a constant barker at everything -LRB- outside doggie -RRB- . We tried this collar and it worked great . The only negative I thought was the battery life and if you have a constant barker like we did you go thru the citronella pretty fast ! Which can become expensive .
 useful for the bark collar which I use all the time with my puppy . Thanks for shipping so fast ! You only need one , but having two is helpful . I love this collar !
 We could n't find any of these replacement batteries nearby where we live , so its good to know we can get them through amazon . The collar they are used for is AWESOME !!!!
 I am really unsure why these ca n't be made with normal AA batteries , as 6 volt is hard to find . At least I was able to get a great deal on Amazon . I use for my noisy Corgi 's bark collar -LRB- which works really well -RRB- . . Kinda makes me mad that companies will manufacture something that takes rare batteries like this , so they can gain more profit selling them as well , but oh well as is life :-RRB- Overall happy with the batteries , they seem to last long -LRB- so far only had to replace once , in a couple months in which the collar goes on my dog about 4 hours a day ...
 As advertised . Although , my dog can be a bad boy and sometimes goes through quite a few batteries in a month ! But he is a terrier!Good price , quick shipping .
 I have two German Shepherds and I travel quite a bit . Sometimes , they are a little too protective of my vehicle and bark even when people are just walking across the parking lot , not even near my vehicle . My young male is especially bad about this . As soon as I started using the collars their behavior improved 100 % . Now , even when I do n't have the collars on them , they usually only bark if someone gets in their space near my vehicle and for the most part , I am O.K. with that . The price was great , worth my time to do the research necessary to find the best deal on line . I also love the on/off switch on the new collars , my old one did n't have that and the battery did n't last long at all .
 Purchased these to replace battery in spray sense collar , same as what came with the original product . Worked as expected . Saved me the time of having to go hunt one down . Thanks .
 At least where I live , no store has these batteries for $ 3 or $ 4 . This price is for two batteries , and I just paid $ 10 for only one battery at Wal-mart . Even with shipping , these are cheaper .
 We have a beagle that is a howler . This product should get an award . Thank God that it exists ... . ahhh silence ...
 Worked wonders instantly with my cavalier . Immediate results . I only have to put it on him now and then for a `` refresher '' . I am still on the first can of spray and the first set of batteries . We have had it for about 3 weeks or so . The only down side is that he got a couple of inadvertant `` corrections '' for shaking his coat or for someone speaking too close to the microphone . Once you know that though , you can guard against it . He was a little scared at first and hid after he got sprayed but now I guess he gets what causes it . This collar cost about $ 60.00 less than one I saw at Petsmart that appeared to be the same .
 Well , the batteries work . Good price , good product . These can be pretty expensive at the store , much better price here . Not much more you can say about batteries .
 These replacement batteries for the anti bark collar are necessary and work well . The battery life is amazingly quite long
 When I buy rawhide bones for my 2 year old 70 lb Yellow Lab -LRB- who has more energy than all of my prior 4 dogs put together -RRB- as well as my 100 lb Leonberger -LRB- Google them , great breed -RRB- , I need LARGE bones . This is purely to protect my investment in furniture you understand . 8 &#34; long is a snack to them . These bones must be the filet mignon of bones . I have tried store brands -LRB- You know whose I mean ! -RRB- and they last longer , but I am not saying that is a good sign . The dogs just do n't seem interested in them . They lay around getting dusty and nasty . Really , my only issue with these is they are 8 &#34; and I wish I could get a value pack of 10-11 &#34; bones of this type . My big kids could really enjoy them longer . The price is very reasonable compared to what I pay in the pet superstores .
 Great product , excellent value !! I have used this product with great success and recommend a purchase by anyone looking for a similar product !!
 I have been trying different types of food for both my koi and goldfish . They prefer this stuff to anything else I have fed them . They would eat pellets but they devour these flakes .
 I have a strong dog that loves visiting people and dogs a little too much . This helps me control him . He does n't like it too well , paws at his face , but he would rather that than stay home .
 They are a perfect replacement . Recieved them in great condition , and I am already seeing results . The manufacturer says they do n't need replacement unless damaged , but everything has an effective life and after two years , it was time .
 Complete and ready to use . Just unwrap it and place it in the filter assembly . Helps keep the water clean and healty for my fish .
 This filter saved my tank . The water was cloudy from my daughter over feeding the fish . After a quick water change and the filer , none of the fish died and they are all very happy . So am i needless to say !!
 Always looking for fun interactive toys for the 3 pooches . One lives to play fetch and the other two can take it or leave it . They are all having fun chasing this around . It squeaks so that intensifies the fun ; yet , it does n't seem they 'll be able to get the squeaker out . It has a really good light bounce to it . I am trying to prevent them from using it as a chew toy but it seems to be holding up quite well . They are all small dogs -LRB- poodle mixes -RRB- and this size is perfect for them . Ready to buy a few more !
 ruff bow wow wow arooo arf arf arf yip yip ruff ruff ruff ruff bow wow wow arooo arf arf arf yip yip ruff ruff ruff . This is my most favorite toy ever . I love to play fetch and squeeze and squeak this ball . I have four of them . Sometimes one gets stuck under the furniture and it makes me cry .
 This ball is pretty nice and bouncy , but I was expecting a blue ball . The one I received was green which is okay , I do n't think the dog cares what color it is . This is so much better than the tennis balls since there 's no fur they can bite off and dirt and such doesnt stick to it and it can easily be washed .
 Great product - good value and virtually indestructable . My mini-doxies usually have the squeeker and/or stuffing out of a toy within 20 minutes , but these last for months until the combination of Arizona sun , mud , and lake water finally does them in . They still have their squeekers , though . These toys are tough !
 Well , my now 4 year old dachshund , Jester , received one of these as a gift when he was about 6 months old and we have not been without one since . We named it the `` goof '' ball since it bounces in an erratic fashion . It has all of the necessary components of a dynamite dog toy - it squeaks , it rolls , it bounces , it can be caught and it snuggles up close at night . We 've had at least a half dozen of these in 4 years and I just ordered 5 more . One must never be caught without a goof ball !!!
 This is the best lasting squeaky toy . We have a Cairn Terrier who is ball obsessed and no other squeaky ball or squeaky toy of any kind will do - it Has to be this one . She plays with it constantly , carries it around , puts it in her bed , drops in in the water bowl and drinks around it , even wants to take it on a walk with her . So first hand observation is that this toy is extremely durable and will last even with a tough chewer for many , many months , and sometimes even close to a year . We keep a supply on hand because she ca n't be without this ball !
 My Saint Bernard , Sophie , is a world class chewer . She can destroy a tennis ball half as big as her head in an hour . No stuffed animal is safe around her.I picked up this ball in the grocery store thinking she would have it ripped apart in 10 minutes , she has had this ball for more than a week and has n't ripped it to shreds yet ! Very durable!It is , by far , the smallest toy she has but it 's become a favorite . I just wish they were available in larger sizes .
 My dogs favorite ball . He even sleeps with it . I bought 6 so when they wear out I have a new one on hand .
 this is a great one for my dog . He usually does n't chew threw round toys quickly , but toys with edges or `` limbs '' he can often destroy within an hour .
 This was a gift from one of our park visitors Torque -LRB- a Dogue de Bordeaux -RRB- to our lab Lola . She ca n't get enough of this ball and they have become BFF !!!
 This is my dog 's absolute favorite toy . She will play fetch forever with it if I let her . It has to be replaced regularly though because it loses its bounce . I buy them at Walmart for under $ 3 . The squeaker part also tends to start poking out and it does n't squeak well then -LRB- which is fine by me because I get tired of that noise but the dog loves the squeak -RRB- . If your dog is n't a chewer you might not have that problem .
 Our Boston/French Bull mix is tough on toys -LRB- worse than his cousin the Great Dane -RRB- and he loves these foam-filled toys . And , they last !
 I bought 18 of these because my dog is obsessed with them but loses them while we are walking . I hate the squeaker and love when it is broken , but he , of course , prefers the ones that still make noises . I am almost down to the last one and will have to reorder soon . Perfect size for chasing . Fits into most throwing gadgets .
 This is a great product and our dog just loves playing with them . I recommend this for anyone who loves to play with their dog .
 This ball is very durable and our dogs love it . I highly recommend any of the Hartz Duraplay toys but you can get the ball for under $ 5 at Walmart .
 This is absolutely my pups favorite ball ! She has been crazy about it since we got her at 8 weeks old , she is now 8 months old . When we go to the dog park all the other dogs love it too . I am ordering another because I am always worried I will lose it , so was happy to find it on Amazon . It still squeaks and she has n't chewed it apart . It is unbelievably durable . She has ripped apart most of her other balls . We have larger balls that she likes to push around so it would be great if Hartz made a larger one just like this . I enthusiastically recommend this ball , even for heavy chewers .
 My little dog -LRB- Jack Russell/Pomeranian/Papillion mix -RRB- is a chewer ! He has ruined SOOOOOO many toys instantly , except for this ball ! This has been his favorite toy since I got it for him . It has a nice squeak , not one that makes your blood run cold , which still works after about a year of tough play . It also still bouces , has only a few minor scratches -LRB- regardless of how much Rocco chews on it -RRB- and is easy to clean . Love it , and bought another one to leave over my mom 's house .
 I have two poodles , a miniature and a toy poodle and of all the balls they have this is their favorite and the only one they play with . I found these balls originally in Dominick 's Food Stores however when I went to buy a couple this year none of the Dominick 's had these balls . I went to four different Dominicks until my daughter suggested trying Amazon or eBay . I was estatic to find these same balls on Amazon . These are the perfect balls for small size dogs . My dogs are happy and I am happy being able to find these balls on Amazon . My little toy poodle loves when I put this ball in their swimming pool because she will jump in the pool to get her ball . She enjoys playing this game of retrieving the ball out of the pool . My miniature poodle however wo n't go into the pool to retrieve her ball but she will wait for it to float to the edge or she will put one paw in to move it closer to the edge . I just ca n't say enough about these balls and how much both my dogs love them . They each get a new ball for their birthdays and my miniature poodle already is playing with this ball I purchased from Amazon and my toy poodle will get hers later this month . They look so adorable running with this ball in their mouths since it is a very soft ball and the perfect size for small dogs .
 My dog has played with one of these every day for ... hm , maybe 6 months now , and it still squeaks . It got water in it and stopped squeaking for a few weeks , but now it 's dried out and good as ever . My dog is a giant greyhound , but he just loves this tiny little ball -- we call it `` favorite ball '' .
 My Westie , Dudley , is wild about this latex squeaker ball . Not too hard , not too soft , but just right for him . The squeaker does n't last long -LRB- none do with Dudley -RRB- , but this is the only ball he wants to catch & chase . Still have to replace the ball with a new one every few months - Just wish I could find them in local stores ... I order them 4 at a time thru Amazon .
 All the dogs I know LOVE this ball ! Just wished they have a smaller size .
 My dogs love the hours of squeaky noise these balls deliver . They are better for their teeth then tennis balls and they are even great in water .
 Got this as a gift for my sister 's dog and it 's his favorite ball ! Since I 'm not a dog , I do n't really see what 's so great about it ... but he sure loves it !
 This is an excellent rubber ball that is squishy enough making it easy to hold , yet the dog ca n't trear it . It 's the best toy I have ever bought . I highly recommend .
 My cat has been getting sick from hairballs every few days over the past months . The vet advised brushing and hairball control food.I could n't get near him -LRB- the cat not the vet -RRB- with a regular brush without fear of serious scratches . Hairball control food was n't working much either.The mitten is heaven sent . He loves being `` stroked '' by it and it removes any old / loose fur . I simply could n't believe the amount of hair it removed the first couple of times i tried it .
 I have a grooming brush that I use for my 1 year old short-hair , but somehow I lost it . I wanted to get a replacement brush , but a friend told me that I should get a grooming glove or mitt . I read the reviews for this mitt and decided to give it a try . Fast 2-day shipping via Amazon Prime -LRB- best money spent on a membership since I shop on Amazon ALOT -RRB- , used it last night as soon as I could get it out of the box . My cat did n't know what to make of it at first , but she now loves it . As the winter is ending , she is shedding quite a bit of fur which was making her look large and unkempt . After about 3 passes with this mitt , I knew it was wonderful . The fur gets netted together and comes off in nice neat sheets that can be easily pulled off and tossed into the garbage or toilet.I would recommend this mitt for people who have pets calm enough to tolerate it . My 1 year old was wary at first but once I started rubbing her with it she thoroughly enjoyed it . But after about 5 minutes she started to swat at it , which was my cue to stop . I do n't want her to think of it as a toy , because then she will search the house for it and eventually chew it up . That is what happened to her first grooming brush , which caused me to hide the second one and lose it somewhere in the house . Great product , will buy more as gifts for other pet lovers .
 Our dogs line up to get their twice daily -LRB- or more -RRB- rub down with this handy glove . The nubs must feel good on their fur/skin , because all we have to do is bring out the glove and their tails start thumping furniture and people ! Excellent buy ! And certainly affordable . We have two ; one upstairs and one down .
 My husky/g . shepherd does n't like being brushed but she tolerates the mitt very well . No dropping it or getting it tangled in fur . Great for dry brushing or scrubbing a dirty puppy during bathing . Two paws up !
 Our dog is very shaggy and we use the regular wire brush on her , which she likes . She generally likes getting brushed and comes over eagerly.She seems to prefer this glove to her regular brush , she rolls over and nuzzles with it . But it only gets out a little bit of hair . I think this is safer around her face , and is about the only thing I can use on her legs and paws.Now I use this in combination with the regular brush . Regular brush first , then a good rub down with this one glove , especially around her ears and neck , she really likes that . And I think it fluffs up the fur a bit even after a regular brushing .
 Seems to work good . It also seems to remove a lot of hair . I have a 5 lb . Chihuahua so I do n't use it very often as I do n't want a bald doggie . Just be a little gentle and do n't use it everyday on a small , short haired dog . Worth the money . Makes hair shine .
 This glove captures my cat 's hair just as advertised . It seems to get the hair to clump and not fly off into the air -LRB- though a few stray hairs do get away -RRB- . In general , this has really been helping keep my apartment fur-free and my cat happy .
 This thing is AWESOME . I have 2 Yorkies and a cat . The Yorkies do n't shed but the cat gets hair all over the place . I brush her but still there is hair everywhere . I noticed that no matter how much I brush the cat , as soon as I pet her , hair will come off . So this seemed like a good idea . When the glove arrived , I could n't find the cat , she is very good at finding hiding places to sleep . So I tried it on the dogs , and even though they do n't shed , hair came off . When the cat was finished with her nap I tried it on her . Although I had just used the Flowbee on her a few days before , tons of hair came off . And she loves it when I use it on her . I was afraid the bristles would be too hard , but they are n't , they are soft . I tried it on my head and it feels good . Great Product .
 I am very pleased with the Love Glove grooming mitten . I read a bunch of reviews of other grooming gloves before I chose this one and , having tried it , I 'm glad I did -- I agree with the other reviewers that it works quite well . It is well-constructed and seems like it will last for a long time . I have a short-haired cat and a long-haired cat . It works best on my short-hair -- the Love Glove gets a LOT of hair off of him , almost more than a brush does . But it 's also helpful to use on my long-haired kitty after brushing in order to pick up all the loose hairs that the brush leaves behind . Plus , this grooming mitten is very good for grooming both cats ' tummies and hind legs , where they are more sensitive and tend to resist the brush . Finally , I 've found this grooming mitten to be very easy to clean -- the rubber teeth are lined up in straight rows so that it 's easy to just run your finger down between each row to pull the cat hair out and toss it into the trash . Definitely a great product !
 This is a excellent product ! I was really pleased with its effectiveness , and my kitties just love the way it feels !
 We have two dogs - a 14 lb Boston Terrier/Chihuahua mix and a 12 lb Pug/Chihuahua mix . The Boston is a medium shedder and the Pug is a HEAVY shedder . Since we added the Pug to our family I feel like our house and everything in it is always covered in fur !!!! It 's become a bit overwhelming . Vacuuming and dusting has become a DAILY chore . I got the furminator after hearing good reviews but it did n't really work for us . I think our dogs do n't really like it because they both have shorter fur -LRB- around an inch -RRB- and even though I got the one made for short-haired dogs , I think the metal teeth on the furminator was uncomfortable when it `` raked '' along their skin . It did n't seem to pull up that much hair either . I imagine it probably works better for dogs with longer hair.So we decided to order the Love Glove . I just tried it on our dogs and it works great , which kind of surprised me . You just put on the glove and start petting . The pups seem to enjoy it too . It was actually kind of crazy how much hair came up , especially with the Pug . It looked like a small animal had been murdered on our patio when we were finished . Only about 50 percent of the hair that came loose actually stuck to the glove so I 'd recommend using it outside or in an area that can be vacuumed up easily afterwards because there were `` flyaways '' . Yes , maybe it 'd be better if 100 percent of the hair stuck , and maybe the glove is a little big if you have small hands , and maybe it 's easier for a right handed person to use -LRB- I 'm a lefty and it was fine -RRB- - but bottom line is that it actually works at removing fur , and lots of it , at least for us . Maybe our dogs are perfect candidates though - not sure how it would work for bigger , longer haired breeds like Golden Retrievers , etc. .
 The Love Glove works very well to collect hair , better than many brushes . My cat does n't really love it , though . He tolerates it , just like when I brush him . It 's not as good as a Furminator , but it 's pretty good at getting the loose hair off . I have pretty big hands , and even on my hands it slips around a bit as I use it , since you have to push pretty hard against the cat . I can imagine that someone with small hands might have even more difficulty . But I 'm happy I bought it . I usually use the Furminator in the morning to get the serious hair off , then the Love Glove at night .
 I only wish that the manufacturer would make this a left and right glove set . I bought two mittens and just use one on the wrong hand , not putting my thumb in the thumb space . My cat loves the ` petting ' that removes so much loose hair !
 even though I sing it to the tune of Love Boat . This mitt is awesome . It collects everything . I had no idea my cat had this much hair !! I wanted to buy one for each hand , and even though the picture on the box is misrespresented of a left hander , they only make right handed gloves . I 'm thinking about contacting the company . Anyway , great product !
 She occasionally thinks its a chew toy , but in general this glove is the only thing I can brush my dog with . I 've spent a small fortune on different wire , plastic and bristle brushes and they all seem too harsh for her skin and short hair . An added bonus is that her hair sticks to the glove so I can brush her inside without causing a hair storm . Plus it 's easy to rinse and quick to dry .
 Rox is our female long haired -LRB- Maine coon cat -RRB- that has a disposition where she mostly growls
 Our Jack Russell hates being groomed , but not as much as I hate ending up with a pile of fur on the couch when he gets up.Grooming was a pain - he had to be muzzled and would growl & whine pitifully every time we brushed out his coat with wire brushes . With the Love Glove -LRB- Good product , unfortunate name -RRB- he 's still muzzled for brushing sessions but there 's a lot less growling and no whining as there are no wire teeth scratching along his skin.The L-Glove gets most of the loose fur out with firm strokes going both with and against the grain/lay of the fur . It catches most of the fur -LRB- static electricity or something -RRB- on the rubber nubby surface . The surface can be easily cleaned by hand or by simply putting it under running water.I can see this product working better on short to medium length coats . The nubs on the glove would be hard pressed to effectively brush out longer coats .
 This thing picks up the hair like you ca n't believe ! My very fussy pussy LOVES it , which is a miracle in itself . Easy to use and clean . Works on the dog too . Highly recommended .
 My cat did n't like being brushed or combed , but with this wonderful grooming glove he purrs all the while I 'm doing it . And if he wants to be groomed he will find it and sit in front of it until I notice him . A wonderful product !
 These Love Gloves are excellent ! I too had been looking for a grooming glove for the left hand to groom with both hands at once . The `` grooming '' parts are attached with stitching so the solution is to buy TWO then unpick the stitching on ONE glove and replace it -LRB- hand sew -RRB- on the reverse side of the glove!Sarah Main .
 I bought this to replace the harsh , metal brush I was using that snagged my cat 's fur and made yer yelp and bite . Not only is this product gentler never irritates her , but to my surprise , it picks up much more hair as well . The rubber prongs seem to attract the hair like a magnet . No complaints in that dept.My only problem is with the design.It does n't fit my hand very well and tends to shift around . The thumb pad is totally extraneous , and its hot , and tends to make my hand sweat . I would definitely buy a product that had the same brushing surface but on a stick instead . In fact , I may take this one apart and make on myself .
 Removes a lot more fur than the wire brush I was using - faster and easier . The cat enjoys it more , too . Most surprising , though , is how easy it is to clean . However , not all removed hair gets stuck in it so a decent bit will end up on your lap or shirt , but it leaves my cat silky smooth and has eliminated her shedding so I 'm not complaining .
 excellent for grooming our cats - even the long-hair ! Easy to use , & the cats seem to enjoy the stroking .
 This does everything it claims to do . Money well spent , your pet will love the massage and you will like the fresh-groomed look this gives .
 I was doubtful when I first opened the package , but everyone of my cats starts purring instantly when I pet them with the glove on . And it works better for getting rid of excess hair than any brush I 've tried . I 'm so happy with it that I 'm about to order a second one so that I can always have one handy if the other is in the wash . I highly recommend it .
 I 've used a similar product for years with my cats , only buying more when they wear out.I always buy two and use one on my left hand with the thumb sticking out . Still works great and my cats love it . Also , grooming is faster with two gloves.I 've even used the gloves on carpeted cat trees to remove fur from there .
 This is a very handy device for removing cat hair from the cat or the couch . It gets a little messy , but it works very well . The hair does n't all stick to the glove , sometimes it flies through the air or gets all over me . The cats love it , I guess that is why it is called the `` Love Glove '' . LOL!It is worth getting .
 Glove has a velcro wrist fastener so you can get it off easily but secure it well regardless of hand size . The curry face is soft rubber but grabs the loose fur well . I use it on my cat and my dog and they both love it . To get the fur off the glove all I do is shake my hand and let it blow away in the breeze . This glove has the characteristics of the perfect tool , it works well , it 's reasonably priced , it 's durable , and it 's easy to use . Highly recommended .
 My cat thinks everything I hold is a toy for her , so I have had trouble find a brush that she wo n't attack . The Love Glove has worked wonderfully to remove the fur from her undercoat , and the cat seems to enjoy being brushed . The only downside I 've found is the glove does n't always grab all the fur it loosens so I do end up with clumps of it on my clothes or the floor . My cat is short-haired so I imagine that is part of the problem . A sticky lint roller is an easy solution , and it pulls the fur off the glove without creating dust . Overall , I 'm glad I bought it !
 We 're on our second of these cat grooming gloves . Over the years , we 'd worn the hair-grabbing bits of plastic on the working surface right down to mere bumps . Our cat loves this thing and a daily brushing with it keeps her hairball vomiting down to nothing -LRB- unfortunately , nothing helps when she insists on eating sticks or spider webs in preference to her expensive cat food :-RRB- -RRB- . For those of you whose cats wo n't hold still even for a grooming with this glove , try putting something like aFeline Fantasy Brushin the grooming area . Our cat loves to grab on to the base and smash her face into the bristles while being groomed -LRB- so she stays put -RRB- . Of course , we have to clean up the cat drool after a grooming :-RRB- . I highly recommend this and rate it at an Excellent 5 stars out of 5 .
 This product is great for keep your animals clear of loose hair . It is convenient to use because all you do it pet your animal . My cat loves it so it really is a Love Glove !
 I really like this for brushing my cats and I especially like the fact that the rubber brush is sewn to the glove , not glued . I had one previously and the glue kept on coming off .
 A kinder , gentler , more effective dog groomer . Mine loves it and hops at the chance to get combed .
 This glove works faster and the cats enjoy it more than a brush . We are constantly amazed at how well it works at removing excess hair.I agree with the other poster , I 'd love to see left and right handed versions of this product , because we like to use both hands in petting or switch off .
 It 's easy to trick my bunnies into being groomed with this glove -LRB- they usually hate brushes -RRB- but I wish the nubs were just a little longer since it does n't really get into their undercoats . This glove is good to use with a real brush but definitely not instead of a real brush .
 This thing is great . It really does a good job of grooming the cats . Even better , our cats love it . They do n't want me to stop when I use it . It is easy to get the fur out of the &#34; Love Glove &#34; as well . You just pull it off and it comes out pretty much in 1-2 sections . Love it .
 I have a persian cat and this thing took quite a bit of dead hair off . I still use a comb and brush most of the time . this is good every once in a while for getting rid of extra hair . the cat likes it but persians seem to like any kind of attention .
 My cat is addicted to this product so I 've bought several over the years . Good for gifts to other cat owners too . Never tried it on a dog .
 Works very well for daily grooming of our dog . A good value . I would buy again . Amazon had good price . I combined with other products to get Super Saver shipping . Thanks .
 Im glad I got this glove to use for brush ... lucky loves it and its easy way to brush him . He does n't run like he did from the brush lol he rolls over when I bring the glove brush out .
 My cat was a ferrel kitten and is very energetic . She does n't enjoy being held but she likes being pet . She has very long hair so she needs to be combed often . The Love Glove was an excellent choice for me . She lets me comb her with this glove and does n't struggle too much . She still tries walking away but she purrs like crazy while I 'm combing her with the Love Glove . I think it reminds her of her days as a kitten being cleaned by her mom . The only negative to this brush is that there are other , less gentle combs out there that will bring up more fur from a cats undercoat . My cat hates those rough combs . The Love Glove does a good job at getting loose fur , preventing and eliminating matted fur , and most importantly my cat enjoys it . Combing my cat is no longer a chore . I am happy combing her with the Love Glove and I feel it 's a good bonding experience for both of us . I think I might buy a second Love Glove for my left hand so I can comb with both hands simultaneously . I highly recommend the Love Glove
 My cat is in love with the Love Glove Grooming Mitt ! At least once , and sometimes twice a day , she gets her grooming massage with the glove and she loves every minute of it . It 's better than catnip in her mind . To anyone who owns a cat with either long or short hair , please buy a Love Glove for your pet . You 'll make them very happy .
 As advertised . Just wish it could be used on either hand because the cats tend to move around & it would be nice to be able to switch hands depending on where the cat is sitting .
 Pet while you groom . One of the best inventions ever for cat lovers . This glove is better than the others . One has teeth that are n't firm enough , the other has ineffective bumps instead of teeth . This glove 's spacing and the firm , rounded teeth are perfect . They pick up the loose hair , bring out the oil in the coat and , according to my cat , they feel great . I deduct a star only because I wish they made a left-handed glove .
 I have a cat that sheds . The cat does not like brushing , at all , so I decided to to try this.I ca n't say the cat likes it , becuase she tries to get away , but she does not try real hard , and she does not protest like she did with brushes.It works very well for removing lose fur , so I consider it a keeper .
 I 've tried lots of other brushes but the cat -LRB- she has long hair and needs daily brushing -RRB- hated them all . She was usually good for 30 seconds tops with other brushes . She really likes this though , since she thinks being brushed with it is like being petted . I guess the only thing that would be an improvement would be both left and right hand versions of the glove .
 We 've had this glove forever - Thru 5 cats and 3 dogs . The cats love it instinctivly - they all have egos that think they deserve all the attention that comes their way and then some and this is just another way of leaving their scent all over something . This may be the only brush you will ever want or need for a cat . Dogs however have some issues about grooming and pack dominance where they have to be trained to work with you on how you want to groom them . This is one of the gentler brushes to start a dog on and get him/her used to the idea brushing as a fun and feel-good thing you can do together . It particularly works well on short-haired dogs or summer coats and can be used used to back-brush mid-length fur to get at under coat . You wo n't need to worry that this brush will tangle or pull . Although I use it on my dogs with longer fur I recommend that you do not expect that it will be the only brush you will need for a dog with long fur but it is gentle and particularly useful if there is a reason to be careful due to skin problems !
 After a brief attempt to eat the glove , my Golden let me brush him . Once he felt the massaging rubber bumps across his back , he lay in my lap for half an hour , moving only to direct my to rub his belly or nudge me if I stopped.Instead of the usual situation , where hair ends up stuck to my hand or floating in the air around us when I pet him , all the hair stuck to the Love Glove ! Tons of it ! Every few minutes I pulled a glove-shaped mat of hair off the glove and started over . Even better , the next day , he was shedding less . Less hair on the floor and clothes.This dog sheds more that any other dog I 've had . Not sure why , but I 've been trying several products lately . The Love Glove is an absolute keeper ! And so inexpensive ! I just might give them out for Christmas next year .
 My cats shed terribly and I tried brushes - yuk . This Love Glove is AMAZING ! My cats go nuts over it - they begin to purr the second they see me reach for it . It cleans off easily and man-oh-man does it get the shedding hair off of them in a BIG WAY ! This is the best product around for shedding cats - it feels great and they 'll love you for it - ! Buy one - really !
 Love Glove -LRB- One size fits all -RRB- I have 3 Pugs . As cute and loveable that they are the SHED 24/7/365 . Have tried everything from brushing to fish oil to help control it . But the only thing I can say about this is WOW ! WOW ! WOW ! . They love it they come running when they see me pick it up . THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU ... awesome product . . ps ... they still shed but not as bad . I think I will keep them .
 This glove is effective at removing hair from my cats . They enjoy it more than a brush , and it seems to remove more hair than brushing . Its also takes less time to brush .
 With two himalayans and a Maine Coon I have found this glove to be a great addition for my grooming routine.I can use the glove on my longhaired cats every other day and still maintain a smooth , unknotted coat . They are not fussy at all -LRB- on the days I use the glove -RRB- but on the off days I use the matting comb they quickly want to be done . My 4 pawed children enjoy the massage effect from the `` nubbies '' on the glove.The hair is also very easily removed after use . This is a great addition for any pet lover . Makes life easier for the pets AND the human .
 The other essentials being :1 . Furminator2 . Carpets3 . Dyson Vac4 . Closet doors : -RRB- This item exceeded my expectations . It looks like a cheapo hack job and indeed there are tons of similar looking gloves out there with nubby rubber attachments but , going with the reviews , I decided to purchase this one . I also have a Furminator and I would not get rid of either . The Love Glove does an excellent job of catching loose/fine hair hair.Two scenarios for use :1 . As a follow up brush once I have `` furminated '' two of my cats . It often picks up just as much hair plus it 's much easier to use on other areas of the cat 's body . I find the Furminator is limited to the spine/tail . My cats will not tolerate Furminator use on flanks or the tummy -LRB- understandable -RRB- .2 . In the summer , the Love Glove is the primary brush for my male tabby who has an extremely fine undercoat that the Furminator does not catch.The only negative is it can be slightly hard to clean , but it 's easier if you wait until it 's `` full '' and there 's a mat of hair which is easier to peel off.Recommended .
 Our dogs love when we use this glove during their baths . Feels great for them and helps shed unwanted fur .
 My kitty hates being brushed with other brushes and will immediately start biting them . He 's not really fond of this one , either , but at least tolerates it for a few seconds at a time before trying to bite it . He 's short haired so thankfully we do n't have to brush him too much , and we make the experience more pleasant for him by giving him treats as he gets brushed . I like how well the fur adheres to the plastic and that it 's pretty easy to get the fur off , especially if there 's a lot of it . My one complaint is that the glove is HUGE - my thumb ca n't even reach the thumb of the mitten , but I guess it 's better too big than too small ! One thing that I think is kind of funny is that I have to go over the mitten with a lint brush after using it because fur sticks to the fabric part badly . This is probably a good choice for cats that hate brushes but like being petted . Oh and we call it the Kitten Mitten !
 Like it a lot ! My dog does n't like to be brushed at all , so it makes the job a little easier .
 I like this mitt a lot . It captures most of the hair and the pets seem to love it , so i would recommend this product .
 Got this for my new old dog , i adopted . He loves it as much as the others I got for my cats . Its like a masage for them , they become putty in your hands . Just go Buy It and your pet will love you . Also gets hair off
 I have two short hair tabbys and I 'm not sure who loves the grooming Mitt more , them or me ! There 's nothing worse than having cat hairs all over and the Love Glove really helps removing the shedding hair from my cats . Definitely better than any brush I 've used . Hair just peels off the glove .
 I use this for my Satin rabbits that I am breeding - it seems to do a good job and they do n't seem to mind it . If I use it faithfully , I have a lot fewer problems with ingested hair . This is much easier to use than a brush !!
 This is the second Fido Fleece bed I have purchased for my dog . I have tried other beds , but he would not sleep in them . It is very soft and warm without being too hot for him . He loves it .
 My dog and cat love the new bed ! I have a hard time getting them to do anything but lay in it . The best part is , it is completely washable and so far it has held up well in the wash -LRB- the cat sheds a lot so its been washed about 10 times -RRB- . Your animals will love this too !
 I love this product . I have a yorkie who is 10 months old and was born with an enlarged heart 4 times the size it should have been . She was very sick as a young puppy and the vet did not give her long to live . I started investigating natural things I could do to avoid the expense of medications and surgery . I discovered Cardio Strength and I can truly say it has saved her life . Her last X-ray of her heart showed that the heart had actually shrunk and the Vet told me to keep doing what I am doing . She is so alive and peppy and loves to play and run ! I give her a little bit on a piece of cheese every morning and one capsule usually lasts me 2-3 days . She loves it and jumps up and down when she knows she is getting her cheese every morning . I am grateful that I found this product and would highly recommend it .
 I purchased the Verti-Science Cardo for my little dog about a month ago . He was having severe heart issues - congestive heart failure - according to the emergency vet . He was put on Furosemide for the fluid in his abdomen . When we got home , we looked online to see what else to do , and found the Cardio . When we took him to the vet , he was n't doing well at all , and the vet was talking about just making him comfortable ! It 's been about 7 weeks , and he 's doing really good !! Our biggest obstacle with the Cardio is the size , and the fact that our dog is really picky ! We have to empty it into something , and then `` hide '' bites of it in other food that he likes ! So , he does n't even get 1 every day like he should ! Mixing it with a tiny bit of liquid makes a paste that can be put into a pill pocket . I also have been wanding him every day with my Amwand - -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- . He is eating more now , he is way more perky , and he even is starting to play a little bit !! Of the things we are doing , I do n't know which is making the most difference , but it does n't matter ! I 'll keep doing all of them ! As long as my little guy is getting better , that 's what counts ! And , he is WAY better !!
 Thanks to Cardio-strength , my 12 year old male Australian Kelpie who suffers from tachycardia , got an `` A '' from his specialist vet at his last heart check . He is also on heart medicine , but the vet noticed a huge improvement when we coupled it with cardio-strength .
 My dog loves these . I 've been giving them to her for a few years and I think they are part of the reason she looks and acts about seven when she 'd really going on fourteen !! She loves the taste and sits & waits while we get them out for her . It 's always a HUGE relief when a dog loves the taste of things that are good for her . Now , all we need is to have them back in stock so we can buy some !!
 I searched the internet for this product for my dog , because it works better than any other coat and skin supplement that I have used for him . It 's semimoist , in tablet form , and my dog loves it . It 's also water based , so it is easily digestible . Unfortunately , the company has discontinued this product so I was elated to be able to find on on Amazon . I bought enough for an entire year because I knkow I wo n't be able to find it again . Thanks Amazon .
 My cat HATES his claws trimmed and no professional groomer is going to touch his feet while he is still conscious . This thing lets me see exactly where I 'm trimming his nails . Its a bright light and I did n't have any trouble getting it to stay on the action . His claws are n't dark so I can plainly see where to trim . It has allowed me to cut them back further than I ever had the nerve to before ... anything to cut down on the number of claw cutting experiences .
 What a wonderful product this is . I have a pet that is prone to ear infections and now , I have the time to treat it accordingly before it becomes a fullblown infection . This is a real Quality and Important preventative that everyone should have for their children and pets . Thank-you
 I race Jack Russell Terriers and these baskets stay on , can be removed quickly and are comfortable for the dog .
 The material that the clasp is attached to is too smooth like satin so the adjuster slides after some wear . I tied mine in a knot where I wanted it to stay . Works great , but manufacturer should change the , material . Would not be a good choice in Veterinary practices because it comes loose too easily and would put people in danger .
 Our dog is eight years old and is a real sweetheart but when he passes gas the smell can kill you . Healthy companion allows us to breathe and to allow him in the same room with us .
 Thats all I have to say . My dog was gassy so I needed some relief . The beneficial dog food was bloating him up . So I bought this stuff and BOOOM ! No more gas . It works . It really works . It actually works so well my wife might make me use it :-RRB- jking
 My dog had BUN levels in the higher end of the normal range from the time I adopted her . I have her blood tested twice a year because of the many health issues my last dog had -- I always wish I had known about her problems sooner so I could have taken some preventative measures rather than wait until the problem was major.When my current dog 's BUN levels finally went above the normal range , I searched for something that could help before permanent kidney problems occurred -LRB- my last dog had kidney failure among other things , and I could not go through that again , especially with a dog so young -RRB- . I give her these Renal Essentials daily , and her BUN level is lower than it was when I first adopted her . I will continue to give this to her daily unless the vet says or the blood work shows that it could cause problems .
 Our miniature Black Lab Heidi was diagnosed in May with renal failure . She is 12 years old . We had to leave her with our vet for a week for fluid treatments . When we got to take her home her BUN was 51 and her creat was 4.5 . She has been on Renal Essentials for Dogs for a little over 2 months and we had her blood work done today Aug. 19,2011 . Her Bun is 38 and her creat is 3 . Our vet is totall thrilled with her progress . I would definetly recommend Renal Essentials for dogs . Thank you very much for this wonderful kidney helper.Renal Essentials - Kidney Support for Dogs - 90 count
 When my 11 year old female Cocker Spaniel was diagnosed with kidney disease we did research and looked for a supplement to help support her kidneys . Having found this we thought we 'd give it a try . So far she 's on her second bottle now and we feel it 's helped keep her numbers stable , just a tad above normal but not critical . Considering her diet 's not that ideal even , this has proven quite effective in maintaining her kidney health . She just turned 12 and she 's doing fine . For her size this is quite economical to use , just a cap/day . Though take note the caps are on the large side and uncoated . So we like crushing this and mixing in her food . We also give her salmon oil together with this because we read this is an effective combination , and as I 've written , seems to be working for her . So do n't hesitate to try this on any of your dogs that may need it , it 's helped us so far .
 After being on special renal food , my dog 's coat was dry and flaky and she was not very active . 2 months on Renal Essentials and her coat quality is improving along with her activity level . Her BUN and Creat levels have dropped some . I think this a great product.I am also a registered veterinary tech . I recommend this product to my clients now .
 We have been buying this supplement for a few years now and it is working great on our 14 year old Dalmatian . Her blood tests are showing that everything renal is getting better for her since taking this supplement.While I ca n't say that it would work for everyone , I 'd sure recommend giving it a try .
 Very good . My english bulldog has has reduced creatinine and BUN levels since we started . Its been 6 months and she takes it everyday .
 I have a 15 year old Retriever/Chow best friend . She is healthy for her age but takes pain medication for arthritis so she needs to be tested every 6 months to ensure that the meds do n't harm her kidneys and liver . Before using this product her urine concentration was borderline . Now that I use the Renal Essentials her tests are up in the very good level and the Vet is very pleased with her kidney function.The only downside is that my dog does n't like the taste so I have to hide it in her food or put pnut butter on it to get her to eat it . It 's worth it when the product works .
 I want to say thank you for having them at a good price . 4 other dogs that are the same breeding as mine have die from kidney failure and i hope this will help my 3 small guys . did blood work as of right now they are fineThank you
 My dog has a kidney condition -LRB- a cyst in his kidney -RRB- . He is 18 years old . I have been giving him Renal Essentials for over a year now with very good results .
 This supplement definitely helps . My dog seems doing much better . However , it 's hell to try to make her swallow the pill . It 's too big of a tablet . She wo n't chew it , since it 's not a piece of roasted chicken .
 Easy to put on and it ltotally limits the dog from even trying to lick anything but it still allows the dog to drink with the muzzle on .
 It works great for my Husky . She has a nervous condition and will sometimes fight with my other dog , the muzzle stays put and does n't slide off .
 got this for my dog who has a problem chewing into a bandage from surgery . cones didnt work , this works great . Easy on and off .
 This is really the very best muzzle on the market . It is very sturdy plastic , light weight , fits great and is very comfortable for the dog . It does the job without making him look like Hannibal Lechter . The dog can breathe and drink easily through it . And unlike the mesh muzzles , the dog does n't feel like his snout has been duct taped . It has a collar-like snap at the back to lock/unlock the headstrap easily , which is a big deal , because very few dogs want to stand there and wait while you are buckling this kind of thing on their face ... and unlike velcro , it ca n't pull off.You do absolutely need to get the correct size , though . If it is too big , it will cut across the bottom of their eyes . Also , the piece of felt on the inside of the nose arch has a tendency to wear off . I 've glued replacements on , but it probably needs to be something more durable and flat -LRB- so as not to obstruct the dogs vision ... maybe temprapedic foam . -RRB- One modification I have made is with a pair of wire cutters . I cut 2 squares out of the very end of the grill . It already has a snap on grill on the inside for when I want the whole thing intact , but with the little piece cut out and the inside grill removed , my dog can eat his kibble through the muzzle but still ca n't bite anyone . This really is a godsend when you take a dog that acts unpredictably on a trip with kids , or to get his hair done , or to the vet.To get the dog used to the muzzle , before ever putting it on the dog , I use it like a bowl , inserting the inside grill and filling the muzzle with dog kibble . The dog eats out of it like a bowl and learns to associate it with food and not be afraid to stick his snout in it . Later , when it is used as a muzzle , the smell of dog food encourages him to wear it .
 We bought the muzzle primarily because our papillion goes after other dog 's ears like sharks in a feeding frenzy . Thankfully she 's past that now ... perhaps because of the muzzle wearing .
 I tried just about everything to keep the Squirrel ' out ! 1 I used just about all of the Squirrel Guard guards but did not work . This one is big enough and the hooks are easy to hook up the feeder .
 No complaints from my dogs !!! I would reccommend this for any pet owner that wants a good supplement for a good price .
 I originally got these Vita Tabs because they came for free with another product that I bought . They 're packed with vitamins , minerals , etc. that I 'm assuming dogs need . My dogs both enjoy them enough for me not to have to trick them into eating them . Overall , a good vitamin supplement for your dog if you 're looking for that sort of thing .
 The seller shipped the product quickly . I have not had any problems with my dog refusing to take the vitamin , and the price was well within my budget . I 'm quite pleased .
 This is a great product . It 's designed well to fit comfortably on a dog 's head and stays put in the wind while the dog 's head is out the window ! We get a lot of stares , but she 's grooving at looking cool , and it protects her eyes at the same time ! Maybe I should buy a matching pair of shades !
 My westie loves them and wears them almost all the time . Yes he is very spoiled but they are just perfect for him and everyone is always asking where they can get them . I 'd recommend them to anyone who wants to give their pet that extra protection from the sun -LRB- like you do yourself with your own sunglasses -RRB- and if you want to make them look stylish . They 're just great .
 The mirrored doggles are the cutest things . My dog does n't really like wearing them , but when he does he 's the coolest looking dog around .
 My Jack Russell/Chihuahua mix girl loves to bathe in the sun . But , I notice how much her eyes would water and how much she squinted just to look around . I decided I would get a pair of Doggles for her . The prices were different between the K9 Optix and the regular Doggles , so I thought these would still do just the same . Although they do not help when she wants to lay her on side , they still work very well for when she lays upright or sits up and has to look straight . She really dislikes the straps though , and the rubber pieces that go between her eyes , so I bent them as far as I could , to avoid being near her eyes as much as possible . At first she had no care about them , but after a few days of putting them on her to go out in the sun , she loves them . She actually had the chance to look up at the sky at a plane that flew overhead without having to squint . I think it 's a great product , but I think she would fit an x-small better than the small that I purchased .
 We have 6 family members of the animal kingdom that share our home , and 1/2 of our home is carpet , so we get lots of pesky `` spots '' - this product has a light scent and effective cleaning power for big or small areas for dirt and odors - I pour it in a spray bottle for even coverage and control . Definitely wait the 5 minutes or so to give time to work , and you 'll love the results . I am sensitive to fragrance and chemicals , and so are my pets , so this is the perfect product for keeping my home clean and odor-free , without toxins . I also lightly spray carpet 5 minutes before using my carpet cleaning machine to give extra boost to cleaning power . Leaves carpet soft and clean .
 This product is phenomenal in removing stains without discoloring carpet -LRB- tan in color -RRB- . I 've used it for pet vomit , urine and booty streak stains . I found a bottle on a discount shelf at Ross ; but otherwise have not been able to find it other than online . I highly recommend this product.Our Pets ecoPure Odor & Spot Remover , 32 Ounce
 I 'm very pleased with this product . I have a little dog who is 15 and has some problems with continence so I needed something like this and I really like it . I would n't hesitate to recommend it .
 I have two dogs and wanted to give them vitamins , the reviews on this product looked good . They love the vitamins .
 These shipped quickly . I have been using them for my dogs for several years now . I think they are excellent vitamins for the price . The dogs seem to think they are treats . People are always commenting on how beautiful our dogs coats are . I do not know how much the vitamins attribute to this and how much is genetics or type of food we feed .
 I have four dogs and they line up for this vitamin . I will keep buying these for my kids : -RRB-
 Great product -- the best pet hair remover on the market , ever ! With a dog and a cat -LRB- white AND black hair -RRB- my clothes are covered ! This is a great product but it is SOOO expensive . But it takes perhaps 1 sheet of paper rather than the 3-4 sheets the other roller products.If the price came down , I 'd sing its praises even more .
 We use this plastic muzzle in our practice a lot - and not owners like it - but dogs like it too !! The design allows for the dog to open the mouth to pant or even take a treat . The buckle is fast and easily to adjust . The only &#34; bad thing &#34; is that these muzzles come in all sorts of &#34; sizes &#34; and we are never sure how each size -LRB- of different companies -RRB- relate to real size -LRB- dog 's muzzle -RRB- .
 This vest makes swimming more fun for my dog and me . Even though he 's a good swimmer , he would try to use me as a life raft when we went swimming out to the dock -LRB- I have the scratches to prove it -RRB- . Now I just pop on his vest , ajust the straps , and off we go . When he gets a little too close , I gently push him aside . I also used to worry that he would scratch children as well . Now I just say , `` If he comes toward you , just give him a firm push . '' Swimming is more pleasurable for everyone .
 We 've got two cocker spaniels who accompany us every outdoor trip we take . We live right by the water and go paddle boarding quite often . This life jacket does everything you need it to . I had previously bought some cheap ones that have already fallen apart but this one is durable and has a great handle on top for lifting your pup out of the water . Color is perfect and east to see weather we 're in a lake or river . Our dogs love to swim and we feel much safer when they have this jacket on . Easy to put on and our dogs seem to enjoy the fit too ! Awesome product !
 We have been blessed with a large dog -- 120 pounds -- that will eat anything he sees . If it is laying on the ground he will eat it . That includes our other dog 's poop . That I could not tolerate . I needed something to prevent him from eating all kinds of stuff outside but would not inhibit his barking or breathing . The Italian Basket Muzzle does the trick . It has the open grill to allow him to bark and drink but not allow him to eat anything . It turned out to be a good thing when he trapped a wild rabbit in our fenced back yard . He could not bite it . It took a couple of weeks for him to get use to wearing that on his face . It seems to itch him a bit . Now I do n't have to worry about him outside and our other dog can `` go '' in peace . He now sits and waits for us to put it on him before we let him out . I would not use it when he leaves our property but within our fenced yard it works just fine .
 These are great treats , and my dogs love them , but I do n't use them as they are designed . I usually buy 2 packages and then use each piece as a separate treat -LRB- 2 sticks , 4 flowers -RRB- . My flat-coat has a sensitive stomach and once he starts eating something , he ca n't -LRB- wo n't -RRB- give it up . By giving him each piece separately , I can monitor how much he gets and it is much better on his digestive system . They do make a bit of a mess , so I either use them outside or in an area that is easy to clean up the drool that ultimately is left when they are done . They love them so much !
 We have an everlasting treat ball , and our dog can pop the cookies out of there in less than a minute . This takes some work to get in , but once it is in , it is n't coming out easily . It keeps our dog busy , which keeps us happy . : -RRB-
 We have an agressive chewer and so are always looking for a variety of safe chewing items . This fits the bill . It takes her a couple of hours to a couple of days to get through it depending on what else is going on . I like that it is meant to be consumed so I do n't have to worry about taking pieces away .
 Liver is one of my dog 's favorite flavors . Therefore she loved this treat filler . She is able to pop out the regular everlasting treats within 30 minutes , this one lasted a solid hour . She chewed the stick up quite easily , but the flower petals made it more difficult to pop out the treat . I did not find this too hard to put together .
 Using these in the everlasting treat ball , it takes my dog about 30 minutes to get them loose and consume them . I have used the regular treats as well -LRB- without the interlocking bar -RRB- and she can pop those out in no time . The threaded bar makes it a lot more challenging for her !
 our dog is a work dog so when she has time to sit and not work she licks her legs . Good thing people are not like this ! : - -RRB- Anyway , we applied this product once and only once and she learned her lesson in licking her legs ! Of course my dog is a genius so she learns quickly -- however if your genius dog is having a hard time understanding your English words of `` STOP ! '' `` KNOCK IT OFF '' `` OMG YOUR SKIN IS BLEEDING CUT IT OUT ! '' like our dog was , then this is a great product to try !
 My dog was recently spayed and would try to go at her stitches . But one application of this along -LRB- but not on as directed -RRB- the stitches , and she never went at it again . I even tasted it , a mere small dab and could n't get the taste out of my mouth that whole day . Great product .
 I 'm sure this product works great on dogs so I ca n't give it a bad rating , but I just wanted to let cat owners not to buy it . I put some on my fingertip and tasted it and it was the most bitter thing I 've ever tasted and I kept tasting it for about an hour ! I put some on my cat 's stomach because she keeps licking her hair off , but it made her lick MORE because she wanted to get it all off . It did n't seem to bother her much . She made a funny face after the first few licks but then went back to work .
 GREAT GAG GIFT FOR THE HOLIDAYS OR IF YOU ARE A PRANKSTER YOU WILL LOVE THIS ! ! ! !
 Great feeder for little ducklings . Very well made of metal.Easy to screw onto a mason jar . Keeps ducklings from spilling and wasting food.Good for duckings upto 5 weeks of age , when there beaks are still small enough to fit into holds .
 All In All Not Bad Good Price.Only Problem I could Find As With Alot Of Small Feeders With This Style/Type Feeders Is My 2 Mth Old Chickens Had It Flipped Over In 5 Minutes.BUT As I Did You Can Put The Feeder In A Dog Dish , I Had Some Flip Resistant Dog Dishes On Hand Not In Use Anyway.I Dont Recommend Attaching To Coop Fence Though , -LRB- To Tempting For Racoons -RRB- Middle Of Coop Is Best Out Of Reach Out Of Mind From Coons , Other Pesky Animals/Preditors .
 With a quart jar , the chickens knock it over occasionally , but not often . Threads must be kept clean and held perfectly level to screw back in . If you have less than 6 chickens , this will feed them all day . More than 6 , you will need to refill .
 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit . Phasellus molestie volutpat tincidunt . Maecenas vestibulum pulvinar enim , nec rutrum augue aliquet non .
 Great leash and collar . Looks slick on my pup and gets plenty of complements ! Go Blackhawks ! -LRB- even though they 're on strike -RRB-
 The impeller is an acceptable replacement for the 150 Bio Wheel Power Filter , if you happen to need one.If you 're buying this impeller , you must have worn out your old one and if you 're like me you are buying it after only 1 month ! Way too expensive to do on a long term basis , at that price it costs more than the entire new power filter after just 3 months . It was my bad though . I used very , very fine sand which got between the impeller shaft and housing and went about grinding between these until there were large grooves in the impeller shaft . This lends to a very noisy pump , so you have to replace . Plus , soon after the grooves begin to show and make noise , they deepen and eventually cause the impeller 's blades to catch , pumping stops momentarily . its a noisy , inefficient operation . Unacceptable ... so do n't use fine sand in a power filter -LRB- or maybe just one marketed for only ~ $ 25 -RRB- . You can do things to reduce the effect the suspended sand can have by reducing the amount of time you run the filter when sand is still stirred up . Let it settle before starting the filter up . Lesson learned .
 After I change the Impeller , the water flow more than the old one . I believer my old one is worn out and lost the power to pump water to the filter .
 I have had my Penguin 200 Power Filter for about 5 years and it stopped circulating water . I was able to just replace the impellar assembly -LRB- for 1/2 the price of a new filter -RRB- and it fixed the problem . Works just like new , without the waste of throwing out the rest of the filter when there was nothing wrong with it . Glad I found these on Amazon because the local pet stores do n't carry these replacement parts . It was delivered much faster than expected .
 Had to buy a bigger bottle for my 3 ratties . . They are 3 big girls and they drink alot of water . I was adding water to the 4oz bottle every other day . But with this one it 's about every 3 days or so . Try to keep their water fresh . So far no leaks and I have to other bottles and they do not leak either .
 First time we purchased this product from the vet it was $ 55.00 - but now from this site I get 4 boxes for less than the old price of $ 55.00 . Fast service - have been buying for over a year now . Could not be happier .
 I have purchase this product from this seller more than once . The purchase is always flawless and I receive it quickly .
 My little dog has an auto-immune disease that caused liver failure . Traditional medicine did n't work . She was close to death . Her doctor gave her Zentonil and Milk Thistle and she began to get better . Now her blood tests are almost normal . Although she 'll be on these medicines for the rest of her life , she remains in good health . She still plays and runs and all the things she loved before she got sick.Zentonil Tabs 100 for Small Dogs and Cats -LRB- 30 Tablets -RRB-
 Our great cat , `` Bitey '' , has a malformed liver , and has to take this and another medicine every , every day . As the other tom said , this is the same medicine -LRB- same brand , even -RRB- that my vet was prescribing and supplying , but at only a little more than half the price . When your kitty needs the good stuff every day for the rest of her life , it really helps when you can get the same product for less .
 My Vet charged twice the price , same product , was delivered in 2 days
 This is our second one as the first was getting some holes but we 're still using it and got the new one as a back up . We have two Weimaraner 's who play terribly rough with these gliders both holding on and pulling but this first one has lasted for at least over a year now being used everyday .
 All ten of these that I have are used at least three times a day with my dog , Butch . The last forever and easy on the dog . Also , they are great fliers .
 Very light and easy to throw , flies beautifully . Also a plus that it 's very soft , since my dog is horrible at catching frisbees and this one hurts a bit less when he gets hit in the face !
 This frisbee is great in that is soft enough that it does n't create sharp edges that can cut my dog 's gums.However , it does n't fly as far as plastic ones , and teeth create holes that wreck it after a few weeks .
 This disc is the runner up to my favorite disc theRuffwear Hovercraft . They are both easy on a dog 's mouth and will not hurt or damage tongue , lips or teeth . Both discs will float , making them great for water retrievals , and beach play . It has a soft ridged edge which makes it easy to pick up from flat surfaces.Like the Ruffwear , it 's not a truly long distance flyer , but does well enough for medium throws . The Easy Glider is a fairly damage resistant soft foam that will tolerate a dog that chews his prize or tugs on it before he returns it . It 's not Nerf soft , but a much stronger foam that is very flexible and soft without tearing for most kinds of play.Mine is a few years old now , and shows battle scars and dings from chewing , but has not torn . I was really impressed and pleasantly surprised by it 's durability . It 's a far better choice than the cheap disposable frisbees you find in many stores , or the over-tough , heavy weight ones that feel they might do some damage in addition to not fly well unless thrown by the Hulk.Unlike the Ruffwear Hovercraft , the Easy Glider is not going to withstand full blown tug of war between multiple dogs for long . It began to suffer under the combined attentions of my two 45 # shelties and a 65 # border collie . I rescued it and then only used it for solo-dog disc play . The disc is now seven + years old , and has outlasted the dogs who played with it .
 these gliders are the best their tough and safe for dogs teeth . These gliders fly with little effort in throwing them .
 I have tried many frisbees and talked to many dog owners getting recommendations and this is my favorite . Floats , flies well , cleans easy , and stays in one piece - so far .
 My dog just loves the Easy Glider frisbees and so do I. It 's very easy to throw and floats in the air just right ! Nice and soft so it does n't hurt his mouth to catch but still durable enough to last a long while as long as you do n't let your dog go and chew it up -LRB- duh -RRB- .
 I ordered two of these , having previous familiarity with this product and the company . Other than the fact that I was irked that , having ordered TWO , they could have sent two DIFFERENT colors -LRB- duh ! -RRB- but instead sent two purple ones -LRB- no , you do n't get a color choice thru Amazon ... one advantage of picking your own out at the store , and purple would have been my third of three choices ... hence 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- - my rating is GREAT . I think it 's a bit unfair for people to slam a product that 's supposed to be an interactive play toy because they left their dog alone with it and he/she chewed it up . This is a tougher-than-normal frisbee -LRB- I let my guys have at it for a minute or two before I make them give it back -RRB- , but a frisbee is n't sold as a chewing device , if you know your dog shreds everything , get him one of those super-hard nylabones , or an old tire !!! Still , it is beneficial for reviewers to warn others of the outcome - ca n't argue with that .
 This is the second StarMark Easy Glider that we 've owned , and we would still have the first if it had n't been stolen -LRB- we suspect a neighbor dog swiped it -RRB- . These flying disc 's are virtually indestructible . Our dog was going through a Frisbee a week . We tried several other brands that did n't hold up any better.If you have a dog who 's tough on toys , this is the one for you .
 sHE LOVES THEM AND THEY LAST AND LAST . HOWEVER THEY DO NOT STAND UP TO THE SNOW BLOWER lol . i WOULD BUY 20 FRISBEES A SUMMER AND SHE WOULD CHEW THEM UP AND THEN THE RUGGED EDGES SENT THEM TO THE TRASHEVEN ONES I PAID $ 15 FOR THAT WERE SUPPOSE TO BE INDESTRUCTABLE.bUT THESE FLY GREAT AND LAST . WE HAVE A COUPLE THAT ARE ON THEIR THIRD SUMMER . SHE PLAYS WITH THEM BY HERSELF AND THEY DO NOT CHEW UP ATLEAST NOT BY MY 80LB LAB . WITHOUT A DOUBT HER FAVORITE TOY ...
 Our dog is a major chewer , and I ca n't leave these around as chew toys , but they are very robust to playing . They are nice and soft so that I wont do her too much damage if I accidentally hit her , and they fly fine . Our puppy is just five months old , and still learning , but she was a bit scared of the plastic one we had before . She likes fetch with a ball as well , but this is gives us a bit of variety . It gives her good exercise and she is comes home from the dog park happy .
 Very tough - took my strong chewer months to get a piece out of it . Will fly a long distance to wear the dog out quicker !
 This is one of the best frisbee 's for both throwing and playing for my dogs . It has lasted over a month so far , there are teeth bites in it but the firs bee has not torn yet .
 this is the third one i 've purchased ! perfect for a big dog that loves to play frisbee ! they can pick it up easily because of the ridge around the rim .
 My dog loved this frisbee . I purchased this frisbee hoping to find a frisbee that would last for over a minute . My pitbull destroys most frisbees in 1 minute flat , or less . This frisbee is soft and durable . Therefore , my dog has no problem picking up or catching the frisbee . I figure it 's worth the $ 12.00 because it has been 2 weeks and I still have the frisbee in perfect condition . A small price to pay for product that makes my dog go crazy . FYI , My dog personally likes this frisbee the best of all .
 I have 2 border collies who are both ball and frisbee nuts . The female loves every ball or frisbee , and the male will tear up anything that she plays with , a jealousy issue I think . I purchased one of these years ago , and it is still intack pretty much . Other frisbees dont last long at all , this one has been chewed , shook , torn at , etc. , and it still flies with little bits missing . They are so light , but soft on my dogs ' teeth and mouth , they will catch them in the air and not afraid of them because they are hard . They fly very well , goes pretty long distances with not a lot of effort . They also float , which makes it nice when we walk to the ditch , my little girl loves water , and the combo of water and frisbees makes her walk complete ! I purchased 2 more of these for my little girl , and she loves them and the male cant destroy it ! Only wish I could choose the color ! I received 2 yellow ones , whick is fine , I can find them easily in the yard , but would have chosen more than one color . In a nutshell , these are the best for a dog that destroys !
 My dog loves the Easy Glider . We love the Easy Glider . It has enough mass to fly easily , even on windy days , but is n't packing so much heft that it will hurt her . It always flies well . It holds up to some gentle tug-o-war , though I find this activity perforates the foam and , if we play tug-o-war often enough , there 'll be enough perforations to tear the product -LRB- it takes a long time -RRB- . Even torn in half , it still flies well . It floats , we 've lost a a lot toys within five minutes of bringing it home because the dog takes it into the neighbor 's pond where they sink just out reach of a rake . The Easy Glider always stays afloat . It holds up to the sun and weather . The sun does not make the foam break down , it does n't absorb heat from the sun or fade . In cold weather it does n't become so cold the dog ca n't use it . It 's just a great toy .
 This is the greatest frisbee ever flies great last for ever as long as do not chew on it.Had our first one for 4 years played with year round .
 Length :
 These are wonderful dog frisbees , durable and easy to throw and easy on their mouths . Only one problem with ordering online through Amazon - you can not pick the color . All four of mine came in purple , which is the hardest to spot when the dog drops it in the creek or on the grass . Prefer yellow , no way to tell the seller that ...
 Best Frisbee ... BY FAR ! I have 2 border collies ... so I have tried every kind of frisbee there is . The easy glider wins , hands down ! These things are indestructible ... the ones I have , I 've had for 4 years . They have been outside in the weather the entire time , and are just now starting to fall apart ... from sun exposure . In the 4 years I 've had these frisbees , my dogs , and even my sisters dog -LRB- who destroys toys for a living :--RRB- have not been able to destroy the easy glider ... and they get used every day . Yes , they are expensive , but they last ... making the price more then worth it . Highly recommend !
 I have a pit bull and have tried dozens of flying discs . Most do n't last a day . I had this one for 6 months , using almost every day and she finally bit the center out of it . I am ordering again right now . This disc is great because it flies a little slower so the dog can catch up to it and catch it almost every time . Remember , curved side up instead of down with this disc . It will get punctured but keeps on going !
 My wife and I have a border collie and a pitbull mix . The border collie is wild about this frisbee and will chase it for hours or just run around with it in his mouth . The pitbull mix likes it , too , but he takes toys away , settles down , and chews them , so we do n't let him keep the frisbee because he will destroy any toy he gets to spend unsupervised time with . I find it flies well -LRB- though not as far as a traditional frisbee -RRB- and is easy for the dogs to pick up . The one we 've had for over a year or two has finally started to come apart , but even with a tear in it and tooth holes completely through it , it still flies and works well . This is a really terrific toy . I did find myself wondering if you got three with this offer and am glad other reviewers had noted that , no , you only get one , so that is misleading and it should specify that you are buying ONE , not three .
 I was hopingto replace the the two I had lost . My dog loves the old style . The new one does not fly as well and the hump in the center only makes it heavy and now it no longer can be used as a water dish . Disapointed !
 We actually found our first easy glider at the beach . It was floating in the water . He loved it right away . He can catch it in the air and pick it up off the ground with no problem . We like the easy glider the best because you can throw it at the ground and make it roll a long ways . Our dog likes to chase it better that way because he ca n't always see it in the air till it hits the ground . He wo n't chase tennis balls anymore because he wo n't put the easy glider down till you throw it . We thought we lost it so we bought another one , but we found the old one under the stove where he shoved it under with his nose . Now we have two , so I will throw one and then the other . It keeps him going none stop . We are always going to have to own an easy glider from now on .
 My &#34; power chewer &#34; goldendoodle was tough on toys before I found StarMark . I was especially skeptical of a foam &#34; frisbee &#34; -- thin enough to fly , but how could it be tough enough for him to not tear apart ? Although I do n't let him chew on this on his own , we do have a few moments of tug-of-war each time he retrieves it , resulting in only a few frayed edges after 4 months use.Beyond its durability , this offers him the chance to catch it in the air . Unlike a thrown ball which he can retrieve on the ground , he follows the glider as its thrown , often catching it . Love this product !
 I have 2 border collies that absolutely love this disc . It glides beautifully through the air and they are able to make some spectacular catches . The disc is soft so that their teeth/gums are not irritated by multiple catches during a session of frisbee training . This is an awesome product for the price . Please understand that you will receive only ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- frisbee with your order ... still a great deal for this awesome dog disc !!
 Great dog toy . Our American yellow lab loves this yellow easy glider disc . It is nearly indistructable and is much more gentle than a stiffer disc which would cause her gums to bleed occasionally . Day , night and even deep snow this disc gets a real workout ... Thanks again for a great dog toy from a very accommodating store
 This disc for dogs is soft as to not hurt their gums when they catch it . It was shipped fast and just as described !
 A great product ! In the past , my dog 's mouth/tongue would sometimes get cut using a traditional frisbee that suffered from the wear and tear of daily play . The Easy Glider discs are truly indestructible and provide hour after hour of safe play .
 This is truly the most indestructible frisbee you will ever own . Most dog products claim they are , but are not . I have tried several others , and my border collie can chew them up in a day . Easy to throw , easy to clean , doubles as a waterdish . You will not buy another frisbee after trying this !
 I have a 2 year old black lab and when he was a 6 month old puppy we went through 3 other more flimsy plastic frisbees in about 3 months while teaching him how to play catch . Then I went on Amazon and researched the best and longest lasting type of frisbee . I bought 2 of these and after a little over a year and a half of playing catch literally no less than 4 or 5 times a week for 20 minutes at a time , my dog is excellent at catching this frisbee and the 2nd frisbee , other than have several teeth marks here and there , still flies great ! I would n't recommend letting the frisbee lay around the house though . That is the only reason the first one is no longer around -LRB- he chewed it up like it was a raw hide -RRB- . And watch that your dog picks up the frisbee from the side rather than biting it in the middle which would fold the frisbee in half . Folding the frisbee does n't damage it but it is a good way for the dog to rip a chunk out of the middle if he keeps picking it up that way . Frisbee flies and glides at a slow enough pace that the dog can catch it every time so your dog only needs to be a medium speed dog to catch it .
 When my Vizsula was a puppy a friend gave him a purple glider ; for four years we have played with , tugged on and chased this toy . It spent one winter under the heavy snows in VT , only to resurface in spring ready-to-go . The original glider finally ripped . This toy is tough and glides quite a distance . I highly recommend for any active dog !
 Since discovering the flying cow disc was discontinued , I was searching for another frisbee that my dog would love and not demolish . He loves this frisbee more than the cow disc . He hates plastic frisbees . I assume he likes the texture of this as it is soft in his mouth . There are all kinds of teeth marks in it but he ca n't seem to tear it up . I also love how it flies . It is much easier for me to throw than the other frisbee he liked.At the time I ordered this , you could n't pick the color . that was a bummer . But I would n't hesitate to order again.Tami
 My 80lb German Shepard has NOT chewed this to bits yet & although it is n't `` supposed '' to be a chew toy , it is the only toy he has n't destroyed . Moreover , the easy glide gives him the confidence to catch in mid air . I 'll need to upload a video ... he is amazing . BTW
 This glider is the best . Holds up wonderfully well to a Lab 's teeth , and a tug ofwar usually with his best friend , another Lab . Its easy to throw , gliding perfect for a dog to catch . Unlike most frisbees which zip . `` Doc '' says `` Hey , buy one your best friend will love you '' !
 I have 2 border collies that absolutely love this disc . It glides beautifully through the air and they are able to make some spectacular catches . The disc is soft so that their teeth/gums are not irritated by multiple catches during a session of frisbee training . This is an awesome product for the price . Please understand that you will receive only ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- frisbee with your order ... still a great deal for this awesome dog disc !!
 Our 11 yr old Golden has liver failure cause unknown . Zentonil is keeping her alive right now it is a great product and we are very happy it is out there for us to have .
 My 12 year old Labrador retriever and best friend responded very well to this product . I started using this at the suggestion of my dog 's veterinarian after his liver showed signs of `` wear and tear '' from arthritis medication six months ago . Nothing serious but she felt this would improve function . My dog just had his sixth month follow up appointment to recheck his liver function and it had actually improved . I do notice that he is also much peppier when taking Zantonil . He seems to feel better . I highly recommend this product . Definitely worth the money !
 All-Glass makes some of the best aquariums on the market . I spent about a year working at a boutique pet store , and All-Glass produced the best products we sold . In that time , I did n't see a single defective product or hear a single customer complaint about All-Glass . I even bought a complete 45-gallon setup -LRB- tank , stand , hood and light -RRB- when I established my own aquarium.Yes , All-Glass aquariums cost a bit more than the acrylic tanks you can pick up at Petsmart , but it 's worth it . For one thing , glass wo n't scratch like acrylic will . If you think algae looks bad , wait until your acrylic tank has accumulated a few years of nicks and scratches . The stands are also a bit pricey , but they 're sturdy , level and attractive . Keep in mind that fresh water weighs around 7 lbs per gallon -LRB- salt water ranges around 10 lbs , depending on salinity -RRB- , which does n't even include hardware and gravel . Even a freshwater 5.5 gallon aquarium will weigh over 40 pounds and a 20 gallon tank can weigh anywhere from 150-200 lbs . A sturdy , level stand is an important part of buying an aquarium.Glass is n't for everyone . It 's very dangerous if it gets broken , which is always possible with young kids around . But if you have children old enough to be respectful around their pets , this 5.5 gallon aquarium is a great way to start . It 's also an excellent option if you do n't have much room/budget , or you 're setting up a quarantine tank for your main aquarium . Either way , I highly recommend any All-Glass products .
 He loves the toy . He has it almost destoryed in a week but that what this type of toy is for . He plays / chews on it everyday . It is smaller than I thought it would be but Buddy LOVES it . Arrived fast , decent price and my bird loves it
 My Conure gives it a 5 star cause she was able to play and then break the little balls within a dayI give it a 4 star cause she had such fun destroying the Toy , lol
 My little Budgies live toys they can get their beaks on , and this is one of them . It has been in the cage for 2 days and already 3 of the willow balls are nothing but rings . Great toy for inquisitive beaks !
 My Hahns Macaw , Sammy , loves this toy . It seems to hold up longer than some others -- this one takes him about a week + to destroy . Other toys that looked like they might last longer were gone in a day or two .
 When Charlie , my cockatiel saw this toy , he immediately walked over to it and began chewing . There are a lot of soft wood balls on the arch for him to play with , and he would alternate from one area to another . The wood breaks easily and satisfies Charlie 's need to chew . Plus , the toy will last longer because of its sturdy design . I would get this toy again .
 All of our pets have been the beloved Beagle . I blame it on the `` Peanuts '' cartoon series and its true star , Snoopy . That aside , this product is very high quality . I paid less than $ 5 from Amazon and would normally expect to pay between $ 15-20 at a gift shop . The holder is attractive and functional . Overall the artwork is very good and the coasters are well made , nothing cheap . This product far exceeded my expectations .
 Simply put this `` stuff '' is wonderful . Our dog had very bad itchy , scaly skin , with in 2 weeks her skin is much improved . We used vet shampoo 's and it did n't work at all . I would recommend this to anyone who has a dog with skin problems !
 My dachshund suffers from chronic yeast allergies/infections . Not only does this shampoo help with itching , it smells great and keeps her coat soft and smooth . A great product that 's reasonably priced .
 Seems to work well with our Lhasa Apso . She 's clean , smells great , and she does not seem to be bothered by any dryness or other potential issues .
 After Malaseb shampoo stopped becoming available , I searched a long time to find a suitable alternative for the treatment of my dog 's skin condition . Even the various alternatives provided by my veterinarian did not come close to the effectiveness of the old Malaseb shampoo . But this Zymox Enzymatic shampoo comes very close indeed , and may even be better than the old Malaseb , so I highly recommend it to any dog owner who used to use Malaseb .
 This is a very good product . It is far better than the expensive stuff you get from your vet .
 I was a big fan of malaseb but since it 's no longer for sale I switched to this one . My cocker smells nice and his coat is beautiful so thus far I 'm pleased . He still itches and it seems a bit more than with malaseb , but hey it 's better than other brands .
 I have a Labrador who has ear infection from time to time . It works wonders on my Lab without the costly visit to the vet . Highly recommend this fantastic product .
 I purchased this product because my 4 year old Corgi had an itchy rash that came on suddenly . I began washing him weekly with this shampoo and the rash cleared right up .
 This shampoo is a god send . My great dane has horrible skin allergens and the worst seems to come within the summer and fall months . Poor thing looked liked a reverse dalmation with his missing hair . This time he ended up catching some type of fungi infection on his skin . I was worried and thought I would have to spend a long and expensive visit to the vet , with their recommendation of the malaseab shampoo at $ 40 a bottle . -LRB- with a great dane that does n't last long -RRB- I decided to do a little research on the web and low and behold the glory that is this zymox shampoo and rinse . Almost immediately after bathing my dane his skin went from red to a nice white . Within a day and a half I noticed his hair grew back . Its been nearly a month and most if not all of his hair has grown back and the fungus went away . Very inexpensive the zymox shampoo and rinse were $ 30 together including shipping included ca n't get any better than that . leaves a nice pleasant scent . Used this along with fungal spray at walmart worked like a charm . Would highly recommend for those with skin allergens or fungal infections .
 My Westie -LRB- skin problem is common with this breed -RRB- has been using Zymox shampoo for 2 wks now 2x/week he 's got hot spots . I 've noticed a dramatic change after the very first time he used it , after 2 wks he does n't scratch that much anymore and some of his hair are starting to re-grow and his skin is starting to heal , it 's not too red and sticky and warm to touch anymore . I have also ordered the Zymox rinse and just waiting for its delivery and will start on that too in between baths and see if it will continue to totally heal his skin back to normal.I am very satisfied with this product and would highly recommend it to dogs with skin problems . I am planning to use this shampoo as his regular shampoo from now on and it smells good too .
 I have the most allergic dog on the planet , a Bichon we have taken to many vets and allergists and on whom we 've tried everything available . He is on over the counter antihistamines and we 'd used the Zymox ear drops on him for some time , and they have his yeast ear infections under control . We 'd used the Malaseb shampoo on him before , but that is no longer being made or available -- so we switched to this and we LOVE LOVE LOVE it ! It is effective for keeping him itch free and his coat is gorgeous . I like the smell of both the shampoo and rinse . I dilute the Rinse in water and leave on our dog , which seems to work best.Because there is no just one thing that will get an itchy allergic dog to stop suffering or to reduce the yeast , we still have him on no grain food -LRB- no wheat , soy or corn -RRB- which really makes a difference . And we do give him chlortrimeton at night , as per the vet 's instructions , when he is itchy or during allergy seasons.But I recommend this product -- and all the Zymox ones -- highly . They do n't make them better than this !
 Worked after 1 application . Our Black lab was licking his paws which indicated some kind of allergy and after one treatment all symptoms dissipated . Used in conjunction w / the Zymox ear drops and we have a happy guy again !
 I use this for my Westie with skin problems , sometimes we alternate with Malaseb . Also used the Conditioner and the ear drops from Zymox . Smells nice and works for us .
 I have an 11 year old German Shepherd who has been battling a nasty yeast/bacterial infection for a very long time now . I have spent so much money on different shampoos from pet stores , and none of them helped with his constant itching , skin flaking , and terrible odor . Zymox shampoo & rinse have been a lifesaver ! It smells great , and does n't leave a heavy smell or residue on my dog 's coat . No more greasy skin and his scratching has dramatically reduced : -RRB- I highly recommend this product and will be buying more soon ! : -RRB-
 I got this product a few months ago . I was trying to locate something for giving kittens baths without fuss of water . I was worried about ringworm , and wanted something antifungal , and pet safe . You can use full strength for severe cases of pet skin problems , or dampen pet fur and then add a little to fur and wipe all over . It protects them and is totally safe even for kittens . I wet my hands with water , add a small amount of the Zymox Enzymatic Rinse , and wipe all over them . Usually cats hate baths , so this has been my remedy and has made me feel good knowing they are protected . It has been easy to do and makes them smell nice . I truly recommend this , along with the Fungisan to keep ringworm and infections off your pets . I would n't use every day , but maybe every three days . Oh , and the enzyme in this product is found in milk , so is safe and yet is powerful protection for your pets ! My pets do n't mind it at all . It 's a winner in our home .
 I have been using the shampoo on two of my dogs for three weeks bathing them twice a week , both french bulldogs ... One is having a better result than the other but then it could be that the one dog has a much worse case of skin problems due to her cronic allergy so it may take more time.We have started the thrid week on the OTIC by zymox as well with a pretty good result but not like I have read . We may need more time with that product as well . I will write another review in a week or two , that should be enough time to get the results we hope for.The rinse came today and we used it after a good bath ... it smells really clean lets hope it helps to advance the healing process in the one frenchie who has suffered for so long with itchy skin and sores from constant scratching . We have done everything possible for her , tons of money at the vet over the long suffering years and she is now 13 years old . We have had allergy shots twice a week , steriods , horrible ear washes and ointments and countless different dog foods for 11 years nothing really worked , I have my fingers crossed with zymox.lilyput
 We are using this product with the Zymox Medicated Antibacterial Rinse . I purchased these products after several years of trying many different products for my Shih Tzu . She is old and had terrible problems with her skin . It got to the point where her fur was very thin and she had severe dry skin with flaking and sores all over her body . After trying this product she is 90 % better . We have used these products for about a month and the dry flaking skin is almost non existent and her fur is growing thicker . She still has some itching because of allergies but she is so much better . I was so grieved because nothing seemed to work . We are both very happy by the results !
 I have used many other shampoo for my pug . This brand seems to be the best for me .
 Softest fur after one use and instant itch relief . Love love love this product and would recommend to anyone with an allergy prone dog .
 My dog has seasonal allergies and has had a whole host of fungal and bacterial infections on his skin every 6 months or so despite being on vet recommended medicated shampoos and even cortisol afterbath lotions and more . I finally decided to just stop all the chemicals - antibiotics , sprays , medicated shampoos , leave in lotions ... all of it . Switched to zymox enzymatic shampoo and have not had one skin issue in 3 years . Vets seem to have not figured out -LRB- or are getting kick backs for not telling you -RRB- that all these chemicals and drugs are bad for dogs . Period . Do n't even get me started on flea solutions or food . Just buy this . Do n't wait until your dog has skin problems . You will be happy . Great product .
 My fur babies need special shampoos and this helps alot . They have sever skin conditions and this gives them relief .
 This shampoo is wonderful for very sensitive or allergic pups . The soothing way it cleans is outstanding , the pleasant scent is not overpowering , but just a nice clean smell .
 My cat Bootsie has a skin allergy that my vet of 20 yrs . said will never go away , she has to have a steroid shot every 2 mos . I was at a loss of what to do bath-wise until I came upon this shampoo , rinse , and ear medication.For the first time ever , Bootsie does n't bite , scratch , or itch , it does exactly what it claims , what a relief ! for me and Bootsie ! thank you so much !
 This summer my Yorkie started to get redened , alittle smelly areas on his skin and was itching alot . Used the shampoo 2 x wk during the acute phase and it seemed to help . He also during this period received an IM injection of an abx from our vet . Now that the weather has cooled a bit I bathe him weekly . No adverse reactions have been noted . Has a bit of a clean , medicinal smell -LRB- I do n't find in offensive -RRB-
 This shampoo is a lifesaver . My dog is prone to skin infections due to allergies . The product that my Vet gave me was horrible and pretty expensive.It dried out my dogs skin so bad that it made it worse not better . I researched for alternatives and this product has saved my dogs skin.The shampoo removes the crusts and kills the bacteria and fungus and it leaves my dogs skin and coat moisturized and very soft . It also has a very pleasant aroma . To top it off the price is right . I am very grateful to have found this product . I also use the conditioner and the ear medication and they all work great . I highly recommend Zymox products .
 Omgosh , does this shampoo work ! My male Shih Tzu was plaqued with allergies during the spring and summer months , spent a small fortune on different products , shots , meds , etc to no avail . . This shampoo is amazing ! I have bathed both of my shih tzus twice now and no more itching and licking . . Even after the first shampoo , they were 80 % better . Their coats are silky and soft , so healthy looking compared to other shampoos , pleasant clean scent .
 After many years -LRB- more than 6 years -RRB- looking for a solution for my adorable maltese dog -LRB- Her name is NINA -RRB- , I finally find a answer to all my prayers . I bath my maltese twice per week with the Zymox shampoo , after using it for a month she is totally a new dog . She is happy and looking better than ever . Her skin problem disappear . I could not believe my self how GOOD is the Zymox Shampoo . I have spend years visiting vets , buying differents type of medicine , products or food ... you named ... paying hundreds and hundreds of dollars ... I TRY EVERYTHING AND NOTHING WORKS -LRB- I found this shampoo by searching on the web as my last resource ... because I was desperate -RRB- . Now that I know that Zymox works like a charm , I am going to buy all the others products -LRB- rinse , ear cleanser etc -RRB- . Thanks Zymox and Amazon to provide such of wonderful product .
 We spent 6 months trying to find a replacement for our vet-recommended Malaseb shampoo -LRB- no longer available -RRB- . I have to say we were truly amazed at the success we have had with this product.While other shampoos like Malaseb and Vet Solutions did an o.k. job of containing the allergy issues of our toy poodle for short periods of time -LRB- red , flaky , yeasty , & irritated skin -RRB- , Zymox has absolutely put them to shame.The dog 's allergy symptoms were noticeably better within 24 hours of the first shampoo . Within a week -LRB- 2 additional shampoos -RRB- , the dog 's skin went from it 's painful pink state to a pale white one and that horrible yeast smell is entirely gone.Best of all , this shampoo smells great and does not require a set-in period for effectiveness -LRB- for all of you who have had to hold down a shivering dog in the tub for 15 minutes while the shampoo contact agents are taking effect -RRB- . Simply wet , lather , and rinse.It really does not get any better than this .
 Zymox is the way to go to help your dog 's skin and ear problems . It is good for both fungus and bacteria . Use this and give your dog grain free dog food and you will not need to make costly trips to the vet for your dog 's skin and ear problems . We 're dog rescuers and we use a TON of this and it works .
 My mini poodle was constantly scratching all over and licking her feet . I also noticed that the folds of her front legs were red and she had been scratching and chewing them as well . She had developed itchy skin and bacteria on her feet -LRB- smelled liked Fritos most of the time -RRB- . I could tell where she had been because you could smell her . I received the shampoo , bathed her really good and it is now 4 days later and she does n't smell at all ! I checked her skin and it looks much better than before . She used to wake up in the middle of the night -LRB- and woke me up as well -RRB- scratching for hours . She has not done this the past 2 nights . I purchased the Zymox rinse and the ear treatment as well . She had yeast infections in her ears and it cleared up immediately . I am so glad to have found relief for my dog . They do not sell this here so I was really glad to order from Amazon . Try it , it works ! and for the nominal cost you ca n't loose .
 My dog has had allergies and has had shots , pills , expensive shampoos etc. etc. etc and still no luck . He finally started getting bald spots from his allergies and looked horrible . No joke , immediate results after the first bath . He has now had three baths -LRB- once a week -RRB- using this product and his coat is beautiful again . Still scratches some , but not near like he did . I am sold and I am not easily impressed . They have a customer for life !
 Zymox shampoo smells very pleasant . Lathers well . Followed by the Zymox rinse , my dog felt relaxed , did n't itch . It helps fight seasonal allergies and the potential bacteria in our humid climate . I would recommend this to anyone whose dog is suffering skin problems .
 Good shampoo . Pleasant smell , does n't smell like the typical medicated shampoo . My dog is still scratching , but he 's 13 years old and has always scratched .
 Zymox cleaned up the dark , crusty skin under my bloodhound 's neck - he looks and feels much better - a great product !
 My two Parakeets love this toy to chew on and to play with and they also love to sleep on it every night.They get mad at me if I take it out.The only problem with it is that after nearly two years the vines are hard and the birds are chewing them to shreds , so it will soon be time for a replacement which I will definately be getting .
 My parrot rings that darn bell every morning nonstop until I get up ! It is quite a large/loud bell . In addition he loves to dangle off of it white cheweing up the items on it !
 My birdie likes this and was eye-ing the toy as soon as I took it out of the package . Great colors , just as depicted on the picture , much more durable than I thought .
 These are awesome products that Marineland has put out that can save you ALOT of money on replacment cartridges . Instead of buying the cartridges that you have to throw out every month or two -LRB- which can add up to a lot of money in the long - and short run -RRB- you can buy these and fill them with any media you would like . Carbon and other chemical media work well in these or you could fill them with biological material such as eheim substrat/substrat pro or matrix bio-media . That in itself could be enough mechanical filtration along with the chemical and or biological filtration but I chose to upgrade them and use Poly-Fil Quilt Batting in front of the cartridges and they are just as good if not better than the replaceable filter cartridges . Just a warning though , these cartridges are labeled as a 12-pack . THIS IS NOT SO ! I do not understand why they have it listed as a 12-pack as it really only comes as one refillable cartridge . So make sure you buy enough to fill your penguin power filter -LRB- the newer model 200 can fit two and the 350 can fit four -RRB- . Do yourself and your wallet/bank account a favor and upgrade your penguin 200/350 hang on back filters with these!Edit
 OMG I have been looking for a product like this for a long time . They work so so so good . The design keeps the media spread evenly . I fill my up charcoal and amonia chips and they works awsome .
 Works great with my Pengquin bio-wheel 350 filter.Money saver - now I only buy the charcoal and just refill .
 I 've found these to be useful and a bit better then media bags in that the media stays in the individual slots so more water can flow through it . If you use this for carbon when you feel you need it and also use a reusable filter media rather than the throw away cartridges it save you some money as well .
 So far so good , purchased two filters , received them fast as always from Amazon , and added activated carbon I purchased at my local Fish store . Cut some poly fiber purchased at the LFS as well , and put all together just like the regular replacement filters . Took me some fiddling to get everything in and closed , but could be because I really packed the carbon in there , possibly too much and too tight . Even so everything is running fine , and my water remains as clear as always . I have a 55 gallon fresh water tank , with 4 Orandas about 4 inches each -LRB- not counting tails -RRB- along with two Otto Cats to eat algae . Filter wise I have the one Penguin 350 with the two biowheels and compartment space for 4 filters -LRB- which i do keep stocked -RRB- and I have a Fluval 405 Canister filter . I had too much flow for a while due to the Fluval 's powerful output . My plants had a hard time as well as the little Otto Cats , but i recently purchased the Fluval Spray Bar kit , and it has really helped to disperse that heavy current . Now things are great . These filters will save me a great deal of money , I likely will reuse the poly with each cleaning , and just replace the carbon . This way i keep all the biological bacteria in the poly filter part and keep a good ecosystem going . I recommend these filter cartridges for anyone with the compatible biowheel models .
 Great for when you need to use different types of filter media . It keeps the media spread out throughout the entire cartridge so that the water actually flows through the media and not around it . The slots in the cartridge are just the right size and it also snaps securely closed which is important . Product serves its purpose well and I would recommend it to anyone looking to save money in the long run on replacement filters . Just fill this with some charcoal or whatever else you might need , rig a filter pad thats cut down to size to the outside and your ready to go !
 This refillable cartridge is a terrific way to save money and customize the filtration on your Penguin Biowheel filter . I fill it with theMarineland PA0391 Diamond Blend Activated Carbon/Ammonia Neutralizing Crystals , 23-Ounce , 652-Gramand a custom cut filter pad in the first slot on my Penguin 350 , and the 1-2 Combo provides excellent filtration on my heavily stocked tank.I usually do water changes twice a week , however last week I missed a change . Before I did my change I did a water test and my nitrate level was no worse than it would have been had I not missed the earlier change , and my ammonia was zero!Do yourself a favor , stop wasting money on disposables when you can get better filtration and a lower cost with this refillable cartridge !
 This is so nice to save tons of money when all you have to do is rinse , refill -LRB- as needed -RRB- and reuse ! So nice when you have a huge tank too -LRB- 75 gallon -RRB- . My red eared slider is doing so much better than when I had the other media filters .
 I needed to fit additional filtration materials into our filter system and had been having trouble with bags not filling the space well . When I heard about these cartridges I could hardly wait to receive them - they fit right into the secondary filter slot perfectly and we can refill them with what we need .
 I ordered these to use in my Penguin 200 . They fit perfectly . I had a problem with my fish dying and did n't know what was causing it , all my tests checked out . I have two Penguin 200 filters -LRB- 60 gallon tank -RRB- I put Fluval Clearmax and Zeo-Carb in the new cartridges along with the standard filter cartridges and my fish stopped dying . It 's been over a month and I have n't lost one.They have small compartments , you can use almost any filter media in these cartridges .
 Update
 A LITTLE ON THE PRICY SIDE , BUT DOES A GREAT JOB . OVER ALL , DID WHAT I NEED TO DO TO CLEAN UP THE WATER .
 I 'm so glad that I found these refill cartridges!If you have a Marineland or old Penguin filter then these are perfect to customize the mechanical and biological filtration components for your tank . They 're also great for saving a little money as well . Both of my filters can accommodate four each , two per side , so I use floss and/or blue-foam for the first level and Seachem matrix or activated carbon in the next . So far it works great in keeping my tanks healthy and they 're a lot more effective than the prefabricated Marineland Rite Size `` C '' filters . Those are a total waste to be honest . They clog easily , need to be replaced often , are somewhat overpriced and just create a lot of landfill waste.These cartridges are basically the same dimensions as the size `` C '' filter except maybe a little deeper . Do n't expect to overfill them since the plastic is a bit rigid like the plastic for an under-gravel filter . I could see the little clips breaking if you dropped it or tried to stuff them , but just be careful and you 'll be fine.Overall a great product and I would 've given it a perfect five stars if it was made of a more flexible/durable plastic .
 Need this to make my own filter cartridges instead of buying the packaged ones monthly . Easy to use and clean .
 I have used these to hold canister filter media in Penguin filters in order to clarify the water more efficiently . It help make a canister-type water quality when on a limited budget .
 My dog is obsessed with these balls and the launcher . They have a great bounce and last a pretty long time if you do n't let the dog chew too much.They would probably be too big for the smallest dogs though -LRB- 2 '' diam -RRB- . My dog is 12 pounds and they are on the big size for her.My dog adores her chuck it launcher and I like not having to touch the slobbery balls .
 If you have smaller dogs that love to play ball , these are smaller tennis balls that fit more comfortably in their mouths ! Not so small as to present a choking hazard , but small enough to allow them to breath as they 're playing fetch.They fit the smaller of the two `` ChuckIt '' Ball throwers , which are wonderful !
 I would say these are good for dogs 30lbs and under . They 're pretty small . My dog has n't destroyed them yet so they 're pretty sturdy !
 Well how the old story goes , you cant get enough of a good thing . After ordering the Chuckit -LRB- which came with only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- ball , I knew that I would need some back up ! Dogs love the game , and in time , I am sure i will figure out how to throw better !
 These mini-tennis balls are just the right size for certain dog breeds to play with . My dogs play flyball and I 'm always looking for a smaller size tennis ball . These fit the bill !
 These are `` mini '' and good for small dogs , but I should have noticed how small since I have a larger dog .
 I was actually surprised on how well this skimmer works for the cost . I think that its a keeper !! Mike L.Chicago , IL
 This is the best wee wee pad on the market , bar none . We have tried different ones over the last 8 months and always come back to this brand . These pads are the thickest and the most absorbent and our dog actually prefers them to the other brands -LRB- sounds crazy but it isnt -RRB- . With these pads she uses the whole pad ; with others she goes on the edges . Because these are thicker and more absorbent , my floor never gets wet from leakage like other pads . Although these are a little more expensive , they are worth it . Our dog is an indoor dog because we live in a walk up and it is too difficult to keep going down and up the stairs so this is her bathroom and they are wonderful - never an odor . Of course , our dog is a 4 pound Yorkie .
 I bought this item on the recommendation of a holistic medicine book called The Veterinarian 's Guide to Natural Remedies for Dogs . When my min-pin was diagnosed with dry eye , I started to do some research . Even though he was placed on Restasis -LRB- which I then found began with canine medicine and eventual became a human drug -RRB- , I also learned something about the nature of tears . Through the afore-mentioned recommendation I learned it was important for the eye to have certain nutrients as well . This produst provides those nutrients and also helps soothe my dog 's eyes . In addition to the Restasis and omega three capsules , I credit this product for why my mini pin now has normal tear production . Also be advised it took two months for his eyes to be ` normal ' from having NO tear production at all . He was close to losing his eyesight and now he is a normal year old dog and shows no signs of blindness . I have also started using it on my thirteen year old yorkie to aid with cloudiness from age and have seen some improvement . I can not say enough about how much I appreciate this item .
 This is a very well designed and constructed protein skimmer . Has a small footprint taking up minimal space inside the sump . Optional drainage port is terrific . Nice touch to include tube for optional drainage port ! Extremely easy to put together . Water level adjustment is very simple to use - simply hold the middle of pipe and gently pull up or down on the elbow . The sight tube is a nice addition . Seems to work well and skimming is efficient . The only reason that I 'm giving only 4 stars is I did not like the included Rio 2100 pump and the skimming is not as efficient as AquaC Remora/Urchin . It is large , heavy and bulky . I think Rios are not reliable either . I had to change to a Quiet One 2200 pump which is more compact to be able to fit with room leftover in my sump . If I tried to use the Rio pump , it would have been an extremely tight fit and Visi-Therm stealth heater would need to be removed . I had a tough time finding a compact skimmer for my 100-125 gallon sump that had an optional drainage port . This is a great buy even if you need to spend $ 25 for a compact Quiet One pump or stick with Rio pump if you are not picky .
 Does exactlt what it is supposed to do and was very easy to put together . Worth the money .
 This is an very good skimmer ... It works great and has an excellent price . . I would recommend this to anyone . . I had filled my overflow with a dry skim within a few days . . My tank is 125 gallons and I use it in my sump and it works great .
 I 've tried about 4 skimmers and did n't like any of them due to them not working well or being high maintenance . I 'm a newbie and this skimmer works like a charm for me !
 If you are an aquarist who wants to look at some websites for fish and aquarium supplies , here are some websites for that purpose : epetpals.compennplax.competco.comforyourfish.comaquariumpros.comblueribbonpet.competsmart.comaquariumguys.comeverythingforpets.comexcitingpets.comaquariumdecorations.comaquariumcenter.comaquariumfish.netaquariumbeauty.compets-warehouse . commypetland.comesskayusa.com
 i purchased this item almost 4 years ago . i have had great results . it is the best filter for the money . i do clean my bio balls and sponge block every 6-9months in fresh water . it keeps my 90gal reef tank in excelent cond . i would buy it again .
 Item was sold by GlobalPets . Tank arrived fractured due to shipping . Item could have been packed better to avoid damage . Contacted GlobalPets and replacement tank was received within a week at no extra cost . Good product . Good communications . Great service .
 I am pleased with the bells for my little dog . It keeps her in my hearing even if I do not see her . She does not mind wearing it at all , and I have two spares !
 This is a great product . It lets my dog go swimming with us and he 's not afraid
 The beaver is really cute and soft . I really wished I purchased this toy in a larger size because my Bichon loves toys that looks like squirrels .
 this is a great toy for any dog that likes small toys . my dog loves this toy so much and has played with it so much that it now looks like a sad mouse not a beaver . its a cute toy with an extra squeaker you cant beat that .
 The small beaver , is about the size of a mouse . This instantly became my small dog 's favorite toy ! Played with it constantly !! I love the fact that it does not have fluff in it , and that you can easily remove , or replace the squeakier as needed .
 I have a very small dog -LRB- app . 7 lbs . -RRB- who loves KONG squeaky toys , and the beaver was no exception . At least some of the pictures appear to be of the squirrel toy and not the beaver , so I will add that the beaver has a -LRB- as expected -RRB- large flat velour-like tail approximately the same size as it 's body . My dog loves to carry the tail in her mouth . Overall , great toy for a very small toy-loving dog . Just as expected .
 Both Cody and Penne ' love their new toys which are cute as can be . They are well made and each came with a surprise bag of 3 doggie treats ! This tiny beaver is our 4 # Schitzu 's favorite and also came with an extra squeaker which always seem to give out fast . We will definitely purchase Kong toys for them in the future !
 KONG Beaver Dog Toy , Small , I like the products from these products . I have purchased a few from your company .
 This is the only toy I have n't distroyed . It 's durable and has strong velcro on the belly to change out squeakers once they 've broken . The whole line of Kong Dr Noys plush toys are great . My mom and dad got me the bear and the frog too . XOXO Baron
 This toy is holding up very well . All the Kong toys seem to last . My dogs , jack russell terriers , like the small size .
 My cavapoo thinks the purpose of all toys is to destroy them with all possible speed . So far , the Kong Lamb is holding up just fine . I would definitely feel comfortable buying another .
 Just purchased this teddy bear as one of the last installments to my puppy 's Kong collection . :--RRB- As always , very durable , perfect size for his 7 lbs , and something he really likes to play with ! Out of all the toys he has , the Kong products are just about the only things that he ca n't chew through !
 Ever since she was a pup , Quincy has loved these squirrels . I 've bought the larger ones , but she really likes the small ones best . And she 's not a small dog -- she 's about 52 pounds and loves to carry a squirrel or two in her mouth , toss them into the air , and bite down to make them cry.She 's got the whole Kong menagerie , but this little squirrel is her favorite ...
 My pug loves this little toy . He does n't get it to squeak , but he plays with it alot . Good toy !
 The `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and a female Scotty -RRB- , have three criteria when they evaluate a toy
 This is a nice small toy to carry around so your puppy can chew on it instead of your fingers . Our boxer pup loves this toy ... do n't know how well it will hold up when he is older , but it is perfect now .
 This little dog toy is just that , little . Good thing my dog is small . It 's still a nice toy and comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog likes the toy , but it is small . The `` squeaker '' is kept inside by Velcro , and they come with an extra squeaker .
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 good toy.if your dog go crazy for squeakers dr noys toy are great.I leave the old sqeakers in the toy every time i put a new one in , its harder her him to find the one that is still sqeaking . he loves these toys
 I 'm keeping in mind that this is not advertised as a durable toy when I give it 4 stars . I 've purchased a few of these in different sizes for my dog and he loves them . However , he does enjoy tearing soft toys to bits and these just do n't last very long for him .
 This is a very cute stuffed animal . The only thing I was disappointed with was the size . I expected the medium to be larger . It is probably more suited to a 40 lb dog than my 90 lb boys !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 This toy is EXTERMELY adorable , and my pup loves it ! It looks almost exactly like him , so its funny to watch him play with it and bark at it ! Its great that it comes with an extra squeaker , because my dog always chews the squeaker out ! Thanks so much amazon and dr. noys ! < / 3 !
 My dog loves this toy . He 's a 65 lb border collie mix ... it even comes with an extra squeaker . The belly has a velcro opening for speaker replacement . It 's perfect to have him carry to keep his mouth busy and his brain focused . It washes perfectly -LRB- I removed squeaker first -RRB- . It 's a good toy .
 Dogs love it ! Best thing is that it came with a replacement `` squeaker '' and it velcroes to change it out . I plan on using my replacement to make them another toy , but still a great idea !
 Our french bulldog will tear anything up in a day . I read somewhere that this specific model seems to be the strongest . I have n't tried other Dr. Noys toys , but I got ta say the little guy loves it . We got it for him 3 months ago and he has not tore it ! His toys rarely last , but this one is still intact .
 We adopted a small dog that had been abused . She was n't used to having toys.Bought this one and she loves it .
 I got this for my 10 week old miniature dachshund puppy . She loved it , and unlike a lot of toys , she was able to make it squeak very easily . The body of the toy -LRB- minus tail -RRB- is about the size of a small mouse -LRB- real -RRB- , so you would n't want to get this for a big dog . It came with an extra squeaky , which I loved . Unfortunately , our larger , chewing machine dog got a hold of it and tore it , so the old squeaky is broken and the new one wo n't stay in . I might have to order another one , it was such a good toy for the puppy !
 I bought this for my Yorkie !! He LOVES it !! It is like a small rodent , which he likes to chase . I am pleased . Thank you !!
 great little toy for my dogs . i have yorkies so they love it and it comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog is very happy with this . The only thing is that the toy is only about 3 &#34; long . Came with a replacement squeaker though
 Fun toy for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . She like her toys and really seems to like this one . It looks like a real beaver . She carries it around and plays with it often .
 I didnt realize I ordered a small one but instead of giving to my large breed dog I gave to my chihuahuas . They love it .
 I bought this for my brother 's chihuahua and she loves it to death ! It seems to last quite awhile for a smaller dog and she drags it everywhere !
 In her review of Frosty Dog , Chantal Ritz says that she does n't think that any dog toy is `` truly ` indestructable . ' '' I agree . There 's not a dog toy made that can withstand the chewing of a particularly determined mutt . So the only really fair tests for a dog toy are whether your dog likes it ; whether it 's safe ; and whether it holds up reasonably well when subjected to day-to-day gnawing ? With those tests in mind , the `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and female Scotty -RRB- give Frosty Dog four stars . They are currently trying to dismember their second . The first one lasted a year , the last six months of which were spent with two legs and no nose . And they would still be playing with it , except that I got tired of looking at the poor bedraggled thing . By the way , I think that the `` large '' FD is probably the right size for all , but the very smallest , dogs . The Dynamic Duo only weigh in at 20 pounds each , but the `` large '' FD suits them fine .
 I 'd previously had a Dr. Noys medium-size teddy bear to play tug-o-war with my 30 lb knee-high sheltie , and after 6 months of tug-o-war , it looked like it had open-heart surgery . Held up quite well -LRB- looked perfect for the first 5 months -RRB- , so I decided to get another Dr. Noys toy for my little girl , as she loves stuffed toys.I do n't use this medium-size Frosty Dog for tug-o-war , as it 's a bit too small , she ends up accidentally biting my fingers when she tries to get a better grip on the toy -LRB- did n't have that problem with the medium size teddy bear -RRB- . So instead , my husband and I play keep-away with the Frosty Dog , tossing it back and forth so she 'll run between us for some exercise -LRB- she 's not much of a retriever -RRB- . When we throw it short so she has a chance to get the toy , she pounces on it and prances around with it in her mouth like it 's the best thing ever . She 'll also run to her toy box and select this toy when my husband is laying on the floor doing back exercises , and she 'll plop the Frosty Dog on his chest as a not-so-subtle way of saying `` Since you 're down here at my level , play with me ! '' . Sometimes when our sheltie is super happy , she 'll pick the Frosty Dog up and hold it in her mouth for a minute , squeaking the toy every couple seconds , just for the joy of it . The squeaker has held up great over 2 months of her joyful squeaking . She simply loves this toy.My dog is not a determined toy destroyer , thankfully . But , based on my experience with my other Dr. Noys teddy bear toy , their toys are built to be far superior to other plush toys . ** UPDATE ** September 13th , 2008
 As soon as I opened the Amazon box , Harri was right there , jumping up and grabbing the toy in her mouth and tearing off like a dog on fire . She seems to like the visual texture the dye-job provides , along with the actual texture of the fur . I got her the large dog toy , wich seems to be just the right size for her . She 's a 65 lb . Coonhound , which is not what I would consider to be a large dog , for those of you wondering about which size to get . So far , it seems to be a sturdy toy , but it has yet to be tested by a good game of tug-of-war between Harri and her sister , Sally . It has held up very well to a lot of other plush toys , and I 've found that I 've had good luck with Dr. Noys in the past , so I 'm more likely to take a chance on Dr. Noys compared to other plush toys .
 My ten week old Shih Tzu puppy loves this toy . Small and light enough for him to carry around , and holding up to those sharp puppy teeth just fine
 I have purchased the Dr. Noy 's Extra small bear , small rabbit , and medium lamb from Amazon . I have a smallish breed - he 's a pup at around 10 lbs and should max out at around 15 . His favorite of his animals is by far his medium sized lamb . He carries it with him everywhere . He has managed to put some holes in all three of his Dr. Noy 's , so they definitely are n't indestructible , but they are very sturdy . He is teething currently and they are withstanding that phase for the most part . The medium has an advantage of having a designated pouch inside the toy for the squeaker that the extra small and small did n't have . It makes the toy a little bulkier in the middle and adds some extra popping protection for the squeaker . Great toy !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 Our dog Selby just loves this toy - he sleeps with it , drops it at our feet for `` fetch '' and uses it to push a tennis ball around . It is very durable - we play tug with it and he has n't managed to pull off the ear or the tail . We 've washed it a couple of times and it still looks great . I would recommend any of the Dr. Noys plush toys .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My puppy loves this little toy -- I just wish it were brown instead of grey -- it looks too much like a mouse !
 We raise puppies for a service dog organization , and are always looking for new toys for our pups . This is a well-made toy , appealing to puppies ! Another thing I like about it is the heavy-duty velcro `` pouch '' that holds the squeaker . This way , the squeaker can be removed when the toy is washed , or if you 're concerned your dog will rip the toy . -LRB- Squeaker toys should NEVER never be given to unsupervised dogs . -RRB- An extra squeaker is also included , for when the first squeaker loses its voice . : - -RRB-
 I love these toys ! It 's nice being able to wash and dry them - so they stay clean and stink-free . My dogs really enjoyed the squeakers and you get extras . However -LRB- ! -RRB- , they are a total waste if you have a dog who chews .
 Quality squeaky toy of all times ! Even for a midsize Spaniel it is dearly cherished . Well made and comes with extra squeakers but not needed as yet after a jillion squeaks . Would buy same thing again .
 The dog loves it and has already gone through a couple of squeakers in the first weeks of having it from playing with it so much . Replaceable squeaks are a major plus . The only downside is that it does n't have enough stuffing . For a dog that likes to chew , this one might not be the best . For a dog that loves the squeak , this is the one .
 Really neat toy for a small dog . My Maltese really loves it . It comes with a replacement squeaky which came in handy when my friends cocker killed the first one .
 I have a male Chihuahua puppy who has decided this toy is his baby . He still plays with other toys , but this toy must be near him at ALL times . If the toy gets lost in the blankets -LRB- or stolen by one of sisters -RRB- , we have a problem . I ended up buying 3 more of these , because he gets so frantic when his `` baby '' goes missing , and also because the original one was murdered by one of his Chihuahua sisters = / She sneaked the toy outside during freezing temps , and the `` baby '' froze overnight . = / These toys are the perfect size for Chihuahuas and small mouths . All of mine love them , but this specific version seems to be the favorite .
 Why a dog would love this , I do n't know , but boy is it a hit ! It is favored above any other toy in the huge doggie toy basket . My six month old mini dachshund is seldom seen without a dead chipmunk in her mouth these days .
 Dr. Noys ' Dog Toys are the best toys in the world for my mini dachshund , Jolie . She likes a `` chewable '' toy , and these are sturdy enough that they are not -LSB- happily -RSB- destroyed in 10 minutes or less , like most stuffed toys . It comes with a spare squeeker , and the squeeker can be replaced when it finally gets a tooth puncture , through the little velcro slit in the tummy .
 My dachsunds love this toy . It is one of their favorite . It 's small but this seems to appeal tho them .
 omg my chi loves it so much she loves biting it and shaking her head around and pouncing on it it keeps her occupied and out of trouble def reccomend it
 My dog loves all the little kong toys . Their small , squeak , & are cute !! Best for little dogs because they are so small . Also , comes w / an extra squeaker .
 I was happily surprised because for the firs time my 4.2 lb chihuameranian got her jaws and claws on a 4 lb sized dog toy instead of larger sized stuffed animals . She went to town on this beaver dog squeak toy and a squeak duckie . Now if you are a buyer that expects plush materials in a squeak to for 3 or 4 buck you better rethink and open your wallet more . I just wondered how long this would last because I knew it would be hours or days of enjoyment before the kill . She had a blast squeaking this thing and shaking it like nuts for about a day before she fixated on getting the squeak out . She could n't open the velcro so so she made her own hole to get the squaker out , as it is thin material , to destroy the squeak gnawing off the whistle . She went though both squeakers in 2 days but still loves to haul the carcass around for me to throw for her . She must still love it because she 's got a boatload of other toys and she still gets this to throw and catch . Yes , both the beaver and duck are empty carcasses but she still carries em around . I got what I paid for and expected and am happy .
 These were purchased as Xmas gifts for a retirement community that allows pets . We have receaved several notes about how much the animals loved the new toys . Thanks
 This toy is well made . The little bichon I bought it for loves it and plays with it all the time .
 . I 've bought several of these brand of dog toys . My little chi just loves them . I love the idea it comes with an extra squicker ~
 My dog is n't really big into toys ... or she was n't until I got this for her . I have a little min pin who LOVES chasing small -LRB- and large -RRB- animals . She absolutely LOVES this toy ! Keep in mind that this toy is a small toy which is intended for small dogs . The size is perfect for my small 10 lb dog . If your dog loves to go after squeakers , this toy comes with an extra one , and you can even opt to remove the squeaker before you even give it to your dog . There is a line of sturdy velcro on the belly of the toy that allows you to remove it . My dog rarely lets go of this toy and it has held up quite nicely , but she 's not an aggressive chewer . I highly recommend this toy for dogs who love to chase animals . Kali loves it !
 I just bought a new puppy and chose this as part of the `` toy collection . '' It is her favorite toy . Just small enough for a puppy , soft and squeaks .
 I have a little Scorkie pup -LRB- he 's 7lbs now -RRB- and this little toy is perfect for his size . I 've purchased toys from the pet stores and other places , but in the last few months , he 's been teething , and can chew through any non-Kong stuffed animal . He loves the squeaker , and I love that he can bite the thing as hard as he wants , and it does no damage ! This brand is the best I 've come across so far !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ; - -RRB- Pay attention to the sizes listed
 I have a pit/lab mix and usually nothing survives her . But this little guy has lost some fur but is still intact and the squeaker is still inside . This plush toy has lasted more than a week of constant chewing , pulling , and nipping -LRB- with her front teeth -RRB- . I 'm impressed especially since I 've bought more expensive toys that were listed somewhat indestructable . I have another one on order .
 I bought this for my beagle , whose greatest joy is `` de-stuffing '' his toys and removing the squeaker . This little beaver is still intact and a favorite of his and the squeaker still squeaks after about a month . And it comes with a spare squeaker which was nice . I was at first disappointed with how small it is , but he seems to be protective of it and really likes it .
 This thing is so cute and perfect for a small dog the only thing that throws me with this is from a distance it looks like dog poo . When i see it i usually have to do a double take . He loves it , he will chew on the body and i pull the tail and tug with it . Great lil toy for him
 This is n't a squirrel ? Its a beaver ... And my little man sure does love it !!! They are cheaper at petsmart and are usually on sale for around 3 bucks ... same with the duck and frog ect ...
 My Yorkie has made this her all time favorite . It 's small and fits her mouth perfectly . Squeaker works well . She always has this one with her . I bought a backup , in case it gets lost .
 I have a seven pound toy schnauzer . She honestly has over a hundred toys . -LRB- the Grandkids counted one day -RRB- For some reason this is one of her very favorite toys . Never figured out why but she just LOVES it . This is for a small size dog .
 Our Yorkie absolutely will not share when it comes to the KONG bever . It has well secured squeak ball within that allows for hours of shaking and tugging . It launders beautifully and a second one is sure to be on the order list when this one wears out . KONG is a brand name that I trust and always find satisfaction in the product .
 These are the best dog toys ever . No stuffing to pick up and last a long time with my two dogs .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 I have been a fan of Dr. Noy 's dog toys for over a year now . I have a 35 pound three year old Kelpie -LRB- an Australian breed made to herd sheep , crossed between an English Sheep Dog and a Black and Tan with a little wild Dingo thrown in -RRB- . She can decapitate the average dog toy in three days maximum , but the Dr. Noy 's toys are so well made they normally last many months - at least six . In addition , they usually come with extra `` squeekers '' so when Tilly chews them hard enough that she pops the `` squeek '' orifice out of the device , I can replace the squeeker by means of an easily openable velcroed closure to the internal cavity which the dog is unable to open . These toys are well worth the price because of their durability and quality . The design is also very well done and looks like an authentic squirrel which also makes them attractive to the dog .
 My dog loves his little beaver ! I was a bit worried when it came because it is small , but it fits his Italian Greyhound mouth perfectly and he squeaks it all the time . The extra squeaker is a great touch so the life of the toy is extended . This is also the first toy he has n't made bald by pulling out all the fur .
 Our new little toy poodle just loves carrying this little toy around with her -- just her size ! It is just a fun toy for her .
 I should have paid attention to the description just a bit more . This little guy fits in the palm of my hand and does not even extend to my fingers . Lucky for us , our Grand Dane Lola fell in love with it and is super gentle with it . We call it her baby baby . I would not get this for anything larger than a chiwawa .
 I have a 6.5 lb . yorkie-poo . She absolutely loves this toy . It 's just the perfect size for her and it squeaks as well which she likes ! I 've also washed it and it held up very well -LRB- just remember to take the squeaker out first -RRB- . This is one of her favorite toys and a must have when we go in the car.Since she likes it so much , I have a spare waiting for her !!!
 The picture was different from the item we received but we like what we received better . Squeeker still works and still not torn up , gave to the dogs as a Christmas gift ... that is pretty good !!!
 Our 15lb terrier/poodle mix LOVES this toy . It 's very durable - he can usually get a squeaker out of any other toy in 5 min or less , but not his one . He even tore through a rubber kong toy on the way home but for some reason has n't destroyed this one .
 My mom 's Shi Tzu is very lazy but the second she saw this toy , she jumped for it and started playing . She wore out the squeeker within a few days but she still love it.She still plays with it and it 's one of her favorite toys -LRB- and believe me , she has TONS of toys -RRB-
 A plush toy that my Bassets Hounds love - it squeeks and is well made so it will last long than most plus toys .
 We have Basset Hounds and they love toys that make noise and are soft , not rubber or vinyl . The replaceable squeeker has saved this toy more than once , so they can continue to play with it .
 Dogs carry these around and have not destroyed them after two weeks . That is good .
 Got this little guy for my dog who loves anything stuffed animal like and squeaks ! Nevertheless , she loves it and runs around the house most days with it in her mouth having us chase her for it to play a game of fetch . Just ironic that she took a liking to small dog form of her own !
 Actually my cockatiels should write this review . I switch to more expensive brands and fancy stuff , but my boys -LRB- birds -RRB- prefer this seed . This shipper is very fast and the price is very competitive for my area -LRB- usually cheaper -RRB- . Good deal and my &#34; boys &#34; love it .
 I bought the Pro Clear 175 Premier model for use on my 120 gallon oscar tank . Setup was very easy and the kit came with everything needed minus the pump for the installation . What 's not clear from the listing either here on on the Pro Clear website is how much stuff comes included with the filter . This model comes with two overflow prefilter boxes AND the return hose and nozzle . It 's design is also somewhat different to what 's shown in the picture here and on the Pro Clear Website . Now the water inlet fittings are on the side of the sump box and no longer enter from the top . They use a slotted `` spraybar '' that directs the waterflow evenly across the prefilter and drip tray , it works nice and all you have to do is pull out the tray for cleaning the filter and pump can keep right on running , slick.Setting the filter up and getting the water level fine tuned takes an hour or so but the directions are clear and easy to follow.This particular tank always had nice water quality when filtered with two Magnum 350 canisters but not those are free to use on two of my other tanks . What I found to be amazing was how much better the water looks with the trickle filter setup using the skimmer/overflow box . I was surprised to see how that thin top layer of water disappeared into the prefilter as soon as I started the pumps , now it looks great.This filter is quiet too and that 's something I was concerned about when switching to the wet/dry setup . It makes a small trickling sound but there is no gurgling or flushing sounds what so ever and I 'm quite pleased.Right now I 'm using two Rio 1100 pumps that I had on hand in the future I might go to a single large pump but it seems to have nice water flow and circulation in the tank.The sump is quite large and there is enough room in there for any imaginable pump or bags of filter media .
 They 're not just rolling balls for your cats to toss around . They 've got little nubblies on the surface that the furkids love to touch and roll around.The seller is fast and friendly with their service . My two packages of Galaxy balls came quickly and they were packed to prevent breakage . Very pleased.Rebecca Kyle , June 2008
 This is a short-run affordable CO2 system for lightly to moderately planted aquariums not larger than 55 gallons . If you stay on top of it and keep it charged regularly it WILL work , however , there are a couple of prerequisites that you need to know about before using it.First , and most importantly , if you 're using anything but a canister filter or an internal filter you 're wasting your time with this or really any other CO2 system because a standard hang-on-the-back overflow filter will cause the CO2 to dissipate from the water faster than any CO2 system can get it dissolved into it . So , in short , you need a canister or some type of internal filter before you even begin to use CO2 injection.Second , in many cases you probably should n't put it on a timer because this kind of system does n't increase the CO2 content enough to warrant shutting it off at night and in the morning when the lights come on it can take literally hours before this thing gets enough CO2 back into the water to matter . Half the time it 'll run an entire aquarium day but it wo n't make any difference until half the day is already gone . Just leave the thing running . Oh yeah , and if you use the included powerhead you need to put it as close to the bottom of the tank as possible so the bubbles have further to travel before dissipating , giving them longer to dissolve . It also helps to make the hole on the end that the line plugs onto a little bit bigger than it is . IF you have a small , like 20 or 30 gallon tank it might be a good idea to shut it off at night but depending on how many plants and fish you have in a tank that size you might not need this at all . Plants produce O2 during the day but they produce CO2 at night . This coupled with fish respiration might provide all the CO2 you need -LRB- assuming you have a canister or internal filter -RRB- especially considering the limited amount of light most 20 or 30 gallon tanks are saddled with.Third , if you use this stuff and you do n't have enough light it 's not going to do you much good . Aquarium plants Love CO2 and it 's like magic if you 've never used it before but once you begin using it your plants are going to need quite a lot of light that they did n't need before . They 're also going to begin needing more nutrients than they needed before . CO2 is also quite effective at hindering algae growth and eliminating certain types of it altogether!It 's just not as simple as squirting in some CO2 and everything takes off . CO2 injection is going to cause your plants to need more of everything they needed before you started injecting it , light being the most important . 50 watts per 25 gallons is a good baseline minimum for most aquarium plants with CO2 injection . Certain species of Anubias , Cryptocornes and Java Fern can get by with half of that.Other than that you should know that the expensive `` refills '' for this unit are nothing at all but about one cup of sugar and a little pack of yeast . Just put a cup of sugar in it and 1/8th to 1/4 tsp of predissolved yeast from the grocery store and save yourself a bundle of money . You can play around with different measurements of the two ingredients to get varying levels of CO2 output vs. longevity . There are no magic measurements that will work . Play around with it and see what works best for YOU . I 've used up to two cups of sugar and 1/2 tsp of yeast in it and it works fine , just for God 's sake do n't shake it up after you 've connected it if you use this much stuff.Because this is a biological method of producing CO2 it 's discharge rate is also very dependent on ambient temperature . So , if the temperature outside the tank is , say , 65 degrees it 's going to put out measurably less CO2 than it would if the temperature was around 75 degrees.There 's also a number of modifications you can do to it to make it work significantly better . The BEST thing you can do and something that I recommend you do from the very first day is toss the powerhead and connect the outlet hose directly into your canister filter 's intake strainer . This will give a 100 % rate of solution instead of the average + / -10 % that you 'd get using the powerhead . It wo n't hurt the filter bacteria either . Undissolved CO2 trapped in the filter media is harmless and once it 's dissolved it does n't matter anymore . It 's no different than what you 're running through the filter anyway . Only drawback is that you wo n't be able to count bubbles to see if it 's still working or not . You need to already know about how long it 'll last and recharge it regularly . EDIT
 I am currently using this on a planted freshwater 55g tank . I put the diffuser in the middle of my tank adjascent to other pumps to help the CO2 circulate . The dispersion method given with this system is very cool and I can see the CO2 bubbles moving around . I have it on a timer as to not waste any CO2 at night . My plants seem to be enjoying this and my PH is steady . The canister is easy to use and I have made my own concoction to put in there ... as opposed to buying new medium every month . If you are reading this because you dont want to buy a $ 200 system , then try this !! It works .
 My Yorkie has made this her all time favorite . It 's small and fits her mouth perfectly . Squeaker works well . She always has this one with her . I bought a backup , in case it gets lost .
 I have a seven pound toy schnauzer . She honestly has over a hundred toys . -LRB- the Grandkids counted one day -RRB- For some reason this is one of her very favorite toys . Never figured out why but she just LOVES it . This is for a small size dog .
 Our Yorkie absolutely will not share when it comes to the KONG bever . It has well secured squeak ball within that allows for hours of shaking and tugging . It launders beautifully and a second one is sure to be on the order list when this one wears out . KONG is a brand name that I trust and always find satisfaction in the product .
 I bought this for my beagle , whose greatest joy is `` de-stuffing '' his toys and removing the squeaker . This little beaver is still intact and a favorite of his and the squeaker still squeaks after about a month . And it comes with a spare squeaker which was nice . I was at first disappointed with how small it is , but he seems to be protective of it and really likes it .
 These are the best dog toys ever . No stuffing to pick up and last a long time with my two dogs .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 I have been a fan of Dr. Noy 's dog toys for over a year now . I have a 35 pound three year old Kelpie -LRB- an Australian breed made to herd sheep , crossed between an English Sheep Dog and a Black and Tan with a little wild Dingo thrown in -RRB- . She can decapitate the average dog toy in three days maximum , but the Dr. Noy 's toys are so well made they normally last many months - at least six . In addition , they usually come with extra `` squeekers '' so when Tilly chews them hard enough that she pops the `` squeek '' orifice out of the device , I can replace the squeeker by means of an easily openable velcroed closure to the internal cavity which the dog is unable to open . These toys are well worth the price because of their durability and quality . The design is also very well done and looks like an authentic squirrel which also makes them attractive to the dog .
 I should have paid attention to the description just a bit more . This little guy fits in the palm of my hand and does not even extend to my fingers . Lucky for us , our Grand Dane Lola fell in love with it and is super gentle with it . We call it her baby baby . I would not get this for anything larger than a chiwawa .
 My dachsunds love this toy . It is one of their favorite . It 's small but this seems to appeal tho them .
 My mom 's Shi Tzu is very lazy but the second she saw this toy , she jumped for it and started playing . She wore out the squeeker within a few days but she still love it.She still plays with it and it 's one of her favorite toys -LRB- and believe me , she has TONS of toys -RRB-
 A plush toy that my Bassets Hounds love - it squeeks and is well made so it will last long than most plus toys .
 We have Basset Hounds and they love toys that make noise and are soft , not rubber or vinyl . The replaceable squeeker has saved this toy more than once , so they can continue to play with it .
 Dogs carry these around and have not destroyed them after two weeks . That is good .
 Got this little guy for my dog who loves anything stuffed animal like and squeaks ! Nevertheless , she loves it and runs around the house most days with it in her mouth having us chase her for it to play a game of fetch . Just ironic that she took a liking to small dog form of her own !
 This is a very cute stuffed animal . The only thing I was disappointed with was the size . I expected the medium to be larger . It is probably more suited to a 40 lb dog than my 90 lb boys !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 Really neat toy for a small dog . My Maltese really loves it . It comes with a replacement squeaky which came in handy when my friends cocker killed the first one .
 I have a male Chihuahua puppy who has decided this toy is his baby . He still plays with other toys , but this toy must be near him at ALL times . If the toy gets lost in the blankets -LRB- or stolen by one of sisters -RRB- , we have a problem . I ended up buying 3 more of these , because he gets so frantic when his `` baby '' goes missing , and also because the original one was murdered by one of his Chihuahua sisters = / She sneaked the toy outside during freezing temps , and the `` baby '' froze overnight . = / These toys are the perfect size for Chihuahuas and small mouths . All of mine love them , but this specific version seems to be the favorite .
 Why a dog would love this , I do n't know , but boy is it a hit ! It is favored above any other toy in the huge doggie toy basket . My six month old mini dachshund is seldom seen without a dead chipmunk in her mouth these days .
 Dr. Noys ' Dog Toys are the best toys in the world for my mini dachshund , Jolie . She likes a `` chewable '' toy , and these are sturdy enough that they are not -LSB- happily -RSB- destroyed in 10 minutes or less , like most stuffed toys . It comes with a spare squeeker , and the squeeker can be replaced when it finally gets a tooth puncture , through the little velcro slit in the tummy .
 I have a 6.5 lb . yorkie-poo . She absolutely loves this toy . It 's just the perfect size for her and it squeaks as well which she likes ! I 've also washed it and it held up very well -LRB- just remember to take the squeaker out first -RRB- . This is one of her favorite toys and a must have when we go in the car.Since she likes it so much , I have a spare waiting for her !!!
 The picture was different from the item we received but we like what we received better . Squeeker still works and still not torn up , gave to the dogs as a Christmas gift ... that is pretty good !!!
 Our 15lb terrier/poodle mix LOVES this toy . It 's very durable - he can usually get a squeaker out of any other toy in 5 min or less , but not his one . He even tore through a rubber kong toy on the way home but for some reason has n't destroyed this one .
 My puppy loves this little toy -- I just wish it were brown instead of grey -- it looks too much like a mouse !
 We raise puppies for a service dog organization , and are always looking for new toys for our pups . This is a well-made toy , appealing to puppies ! Another thing I like about it is the heavy-duty velcro `` pouch '' that holds the squeaker . This way , the squeaker can be removed when the toy is washed , or if you 're concerned your dog will rip the toy . -LRB- Squeaker toys should NEVER never be given to unsupervised dogs . -RRB- An extra squeaker is also included , for when the first squeaker loses its voice . : - -RRB-
 I love these toys ! It 's nice being able to wash and dry them - so they stay clean and stink-free . My dogs really enjoyed the squeakers and you get extras . However -LRB- ! -RRB- , they are a total waste if you have a dog who chews .
 I just bought a new puppy and chose this as part of the `` toy collection . '' It is her favorite toy . Just small enough for a puppy , soft and squeaks .
 My dog is n't really big into toys ... or she was n't until I got this for her . I have a little min pin who LOVES chasing small -LRB- and large -RRB- animals . She absolutely LOVES this toy ! Keep in mind that this toy is a small toy which is intended for small dogs . The size is perfect for my small 10 lb dog . If your dog loves to go after squeakers , this toy comes with an extra one , and you can even opt to remove the squeaker before you even give it to your dog . There is a line of sturdy velcro on the belly of the toy that allows you to remove it . My dog rarely lets go of this toy and it has held up quite nicely , but she 's not an aggressive chewer . I highly recommend this toy for dogs who love to chase animals . Kali loves it !
 I have a little Scorkie pup -LRB- he 's 7lbs now -RRB- and this little toy is perfect for his size . I 've purchased toys from the pet stores and other places , but in the last few months , he 's been teething , and can chew through any non-Kong stuffed animal . He loves the squeaker , and I love that he can bite the thing as hard as he wants , and it does no damage ! This brand is the best I 've come across so far !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ; - -RRB- Pay attention to the sizes listed
 I have a pit/lab mix and usually nothing survives her . But this little guy has lost some fur but is still intact and the squeaker is still inside . This plush toy has lasted more than a week of constant chewing , pulling , and nipping -LRB- with her front teeth -RRB- . I 'm impressed especially since I 've bought more expensive toys that were listed somewhat indestructable . I have another one on order .
 omg my chi loves it so much she loves biting it and shaking her head around and pouncing on it it keeps her occupied and out of trouble def reccomend it
 My dog loves all the little kong toys . Their small , squeak , & are cute !! Best for little dogs because they are so small . Also , comes w / an extra squeaker .
 I was happily surprised because for the firs time my 4.2 lb chihuameranian got her jaws and claws on a 4 lb sized dog toy instead of larger sized stuffed animals . She went to town on this beaver dog squeak toy and a squeak duckie . Now if you are a buyer that expects plush materials in a squeak to for 3 or 4 buck you better rethink and open your wallet more . I just wondered how long this would last because I knew it would be hours or days of enjoyment before the kill . She had a blast squeaking this thing and shaking it like nuts for about a day before she fixated on getting the squeak out . She could n't open the velcro so so she made her own hole to get the squaker out , as it is thin material , to destroy the squeak gnawing off the whistle . She went though both squeakers in 2 days but still loves to haul the carcass around for me to throw for her . She must still love it because she 's got a boatload of other toys and she still gets this to throw and catch . Yes , both the beaver and duck are empty carcasses but she still carries em around . I got what I paid for and expected and am happy .
 These were purchased as Xmas gifts for a retirement community that allows pets . We have receaved several notes about how much the animals loved the new toys . Thanks
 This toy is well made . The little bichon I bought it for loves it and plays with it all the time .
 . I 've bought several of these brand of dog toys . My little chi just loves them . I love the idea it comes with an extra squicker ~
 The beaver is really cute and soft . I really wished I purchased this toy in a larger size because my Bichon loves toys that looks like squirrels .
 this is a great toy for any dog that likes small toys . my dog loves this toy so much and has played with it so much that it now looks like a sad mouse not a beaver . its a cute toy with an extra squeaker you cant beat that .
 The small beaver , is about the size of a mouse . This instantly became my small dog 's favorite toy ! Played with it constantly !! I love the fact that it does not have fluff in it , and that you can easily remove , or replace the squeakier as needed .
 This thing is so cute and perfect for a small dog the only thing that throws me with this is from a distance it looks like dog poo . When i see it i usually have to do a double take . He loves it , he will chew on the body and i pull the tail and tug with it . Great lil toy for him
 This is n't a squirrel ? Its a beaver ... And my little man sure does love it !!! They are cheaper at petsmart and are usually on sale for around 3 bucks ... same with the duck and frog ect ...
 Quality squeaky toy of all times ! Even for a midsize Spaniel it is dearly cherished . Well made and comes with extra squeakers but not needed as yet after a jillion squeaks . Would buy same thing again .
 The dog loves it and has already gone through a couple of squeakers in the first weeks of having it from playing with it so much . Replaceable squeaks are a major plus . The only downside is that it does n't have enough stuffing . For a dog that likes to chew , this one might not be the best . For a dog that loves the squeak , this is the one .
 This toy is EXTERMELY adorable , and my pup loves it ! It looks almost exactly like him , so its funny to watch him play with it and bark at it ! Its great that it comes with an extra squeaker , because my dog always chews the squeaker out ! Thanks so much amazon and dr. noys ! < / 3 !
 My dog loves this toy . He 's a 65 lb border collie mix ... it even comes with an extra squeaker . The belly has a velcro opening for speaker replacement . It 's perfect to have him carry to keep his mouth busy and his brain focused . It washes perfectly -LRB- I removed squeaker first -RRB- . It 's a good toy .
 Dogs love it ! Best thing is that it came with a replacement `` squeaker '' and it velcroes to change it out . I plan on using my replacement to make them another toy , but still a great idea !
 Our french bulldog will tear anything up in a day . I read somewhere that this specific model seems to be the strongest . I have n't tried other Dr. Noys toys , but I got ta say the little guy loves it . We got it for him 3 months ago and he has not tore it ! His toys rarely last , but this one is still intact .
 This is a nice small toy to carry around so your puppy can chew on it instead of your fingers . Our boxer pup loves this toy ... do n't know how well it will hold up when he is older , but it is perfect now .
 This little dog toy is just that , little . Good thing my dog is small . It 's still a nice toy and comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog likes the toy , but it is small . The `` squeaker '' is kept inside by Velcro , and they come with an extra squeaker .
 In her review of Frosty Dog , Chantal Ritz says that she does n't think that any dog toy is `` truly ` indestructable . ' '' I agree . There 's not a dog toy made that can withstand the chewing of a particularly determined mutt . So the only really fair tests for a dog toy are whether your dog likes it ; whether it 's safe ; and whether it holds up reasonably well when subjected to day-to-day gnawing ? With those tests in mind , the `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and female Scotty -RRB- give Frosty Dog four stars . They are currently trying to dismember their second . The first one lasted a year , the last six months of which were spent with two legs and no nose . And they would still be playing with it , except that I got tired of looking at the poor bedraggled thing . By the way , I think that the `` large '' FD is probably the right size for all , but the very smallest , dogs . The Dynamic Duo only weigh in at 20 pounds each , but the `` large '' FD suits them fine .
 I 'd previously had a Dr. Noys medium-size teddy bear to play tug-o-war with my 30 lb knee-high sheltie , and after 6 months of tug-o-war , it looked like it had open-heart surgery . Held up quite well -LRB- looked perfect for the first 5 months -RRB- , so I decided to get another Dr. Noys toy for my little girl , as she loves stuffed toys.I do n't use this medium-size Frosty Dog for tug-o-war , as it 's a bit too small , she ends up accidentally biting my fingers when she tries to get a better grip on the toy -LRB- did n't have that problem with the medium size teddy bear -RRB- . So instead , my husband and I play keep-away with the Frosty Dog , tossing it back and forth so she 'll run between us for some exercise -LRB- she 's not much of a retriever -RRB- . When we throw it short so she has a chance to get the toy , she pounces on it and prances around with it in her mouth like it 's the best thing ever . She 'll also run to her toy box and select this toy when my husband is laying on the floor doing back exercises , and she 'll plop the Frosty Dog on his chest as a not-so-subtle way of saying `` Since you 're down here at my level , play with me ! '' . Sometimes when our sheltie is super happy , she 'll pick the Frosty Dog up and hold it in her mouth for a minute , squeaking the toy every couple seconds , just for the joy of it . The squeaker has held up great over 2 months of her joyful squeaking . She simply loves this toy.My dog is not a determined toy destroyer , thankfully . But , based on my experience with my other Dr. Noys teddy bear toy , their toys are built to be far superior to other plush toys . ** UPDATE ** September 13th , 2008
 As soon as I opened the Amazon box , Harri was right there , jumping up and grabbing the toy in her mouth and tearing off like a dog on fire . She seems to like the visual texture the dye-job provides , along with the actual texture of the fur . I got her the large dog toy , wich seems to be just the right size for her . She 's a 65 lb . Coonhound , which is not what I would consider to be a large dog , for those of you wondering about which size to get . So far , it seems to be a sturdy toy , but it has yet to be tested by a good game of tug-of-war between Harri and her sister , Sally . It has held up very well to a lot of other plush toys , and I 've found that I 've had good luck with Dr. Noys in the past , so I 'm more likely to take a chance on Dr. Noys compared to other plush toys .
 My ten week old Shih Tzu puppy loves this toy . Small and light enough for him to carry around , and holding up to those sharp puppy teeth just fine
 I have purchased the Dr. Noy 's Extra small bear , small rabbit , and medium lamb from Amazon . I have a smallish breed - he 's a pup at around 10 lbs and should max out at around 15 . His favorite of his animals is by far his medium sized lamb . He carries it with him everywhere . He has managed to put some holes in all three of his Dr. Noy 's , so they definitely are n't indestructible , but they are very sturdy . He is teething currently and they are withstanding that phase for the most part . The medium has an advantage of having a designated pouch inside the toy for the squeaker that the extra small and small did n't have . It makes the toy a little bulkier in the middle and adds some extra popping protection for the squeaker . Great toy !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 great little toy for my dogs . i have yorkies so they love it and it comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog is very happy with this . The only thing is that the toy is only about 3 &#34; long . Came with a replacement squeaker though
 Fun toy for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . She like her toys and really seems to like this one . It looks like a real beaver . She carries it around and plays with it often .
 I didnt realize I ordered a small one but instead of giving to my large breed dog I gave to my chihuahuas . They love it .
 I bought this for my brother 's chihuahua and she loves it to death ! It seems to last quite awhile for a smaller dog and she drags it everywhere !
 My cavapoo thinks the purpose of all toys is to destroy them with all possible speed . So far , the Kong Lamb is holding up just fine . I would definitely feel comfortable buying another .
 Just purchased this teddy bear as one of the last installments to my puppy 's Kong collection . :--RRB- As always , very durable , perfect size for his 7 lbs , and something he really likes to play with ! Out of all the toys he has , the Kong products are just about the only things that he ca n't chew through !
 Ever since she was a pup , Quincy has loved these squirrels . I 've bought the larger ones , but she really likes the small ones best . And she 's not a small dog -- she 's about 52 pounds and loves to carry a squirrel or two in her mouth , toss them into the air , and bite down to make them cry.She 's got the whole Kong menagerie , but this little squirrel is her favorite ...
 My pug loves this little toy . He does n't get it to squeak , but he plays with it alot . Good toy !
 The `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and a female Scotty -RRB- , have three criteria when they evaluate a toy
 I have a very small dog -LRB- app . 7 lbs . -RRB- who loves KONG squeaky toys , and the beaver was no exception . At least some of the pictures appear to be of the squirrel toy and not the beaver , so I will add that the beaver has a -LRB- as expected -RRB- large flat velour-like tail approximately the same size as it 's body . My dog loves to carry the tail in her mouth . Overall , great toy for a very small toy-loving dog . Just as expected .
 Both Cody and Penne ' love their new toys which are cute as can be . They are well made and each came with a surprise bag of 3 doggie treats ! This tiny beaver is our 4 # Schitzu 's favorite and also came with an extra squeaker which always seem to give out fast . We will definitely purchase Kong toys for them in the future !
 KONG Beaver Dog Toy , Small , I like the products from these products . I have purchased a few from your company .
 This is the only toy I have n't distroyed . It 's durable and has strong velcro on the belly to change out squeakers once they 've broken . The whole line of Kong Dr Noys plush toys are great . My mom and dad got me the bear and the frog too . XOXO Baron
 This toy is holding up very well . All the Kong toys seem to last . My dogs , jack russell terriers , like the small size .
 We adopted a small dog that had been abused . She was n't used to having toys.Bought this one and she loves it .
 I got this for my 10 week old miniature dachshund puppy . She loved it , and unlike a lot of toys , she was able to make it squeak very easily . The body of the toy -LRB- minus tail -RRB- is about the size of a small mouse -LRB- real -RRB- , so you would n't want to get this for a big dog . It came with an extra squeaky , which I loved . Unfortunately , our larger , chewing machine dog got a hold of it and tore it , so the old squeaky is broken and the new one wo n't stay in . I might have to order another one , it was such a good toy for the puppy !
 I bought this for my Yorkie !! He LOVES it !! It is like a small rodent , which he likes to chase . I am pleased . Thank you !!
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 good toy.if your dog go crazy for squeakers dr noys toy are great.I leave the old sqeakers in the toy every time i put a new one in , its harder her him to find the one that is still sqeaking . he loves these toys
 I 'm keeping in mind that this is not advertised as a durable toy when I give it 4 stars . I 've purchased a few of these in different sizes for my dog and he loves them . However , he does enjoy tearing soft toys to bits and these just do n't last very long for him .
 Our dog Selby just loves this toy - he sleeps with it , drops it at our feet for `` fetch '' and uses it to push a tennis ball around . It is very durable - we play tug with it and he has n't managed to pull off the ear or the tail . We 've washed it a couple of times and it still looks great . I would recommend any of the Dr. Noys plush toys .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 For those who ca n't take time for a soaking-wet dog bath , this spray is a must . And , if you have a waterdog that is n't or is finicky about getting wet , this product and sprayer may help.Added note
 We have been using this food for about 6 months now and find it to be just excellent ! Other than the fact our two dogs -LRB- a Coton de Tulear 15lbs , and Standard Poodle puppy 40lbs -RRB- both love the food , but are thriving . Their coats are in excellent condition and their overall structure is perfect . Good tasting to the dog and good for them and a good deal for the owner . All around the best food we have ever used . Excellent !!!
 I 'm glad my 45lb cocker/standard poodle puppy loves the stuff because I trust the brand and its superior nutrition . Compare labels ! My previous feed -LRB- Pedigree -RRB- was mostly corn . My little dude is healthy and happy and high energy and has a glossy coat . Also , superior nutrition produces smaller , compact stools .
 Great Vendor ... They usually get Bella 's Food to us in just a few days ... other vondors online can take up to 10 days ... HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 This product is excellent and a little goes a long way ! I feel it is even better that what you can purchase at your local discount store ! This company is the best.Thank you so much .
 This product works great on cats and dogs . It really helps get rid of fleas . I did n't have any problems with ticks so I do n't know how it would work on them .
 I do n't know how this works on fleas but this is the perfect bug spray if you have pets . Ok the story is ... I tried to used this on my cats , but you know how cats LOVE spray bottles so I never could properly use this as a flea spray on my kitties . I just ended up using Advantage which worked just fine . Then one day it just started pouring rain like crazy and all the ants in the neighborhood suddenly decided my house was the best place to hide from the rain . No joke , my entire kitchen floor was crawling with ants . I looked around frantically for some kind of insect spray or repellent , but this was the closest thing I could find to anything of the sort . So I just went to town with this stuff and much to my amazement , the ants pretty much stopped moving instantly .
 This stuff works pretty good better than another I tried and I even sprayed some around the house . I do think it 's annoying to apply to the cat but it does work , another thing I do not like is after that the cat ca n't really lick itself ... When it tries to it makes a funny face because of the nasty taste . . this will last for some time ... But it works !
 I HAVE USED THIS PRODUCT FOR MONTHS . THIS PRODUCT I FOUND ON AMAZON IS THE BEST PRICE I HAVE EVER FOUND . IT SMELLS GOOD AND IT REALLY WORKS WELL .
 We have tried everything for fleas and adams plus flea & tick works beyond expected ! It works just as well as the spot type flea control and seems to be less harmful because you can use on cats as well.The smell is nice and little goes a long way.We have used this for the third year in a row . And it is our TOP CHOICE out of everything and so much cheaper!Love it !!
 After finding a few fleas on all 3 of my dogs and my kitten I knew I had a problem . After treating with Sentry drops and not seeing a difference , I needed something to use while waiting for my Frontline to show up . I got some shampoo for the dogs that cleared the fleas off perfectly . Only problem is , what can I do for the cat ? I saw this flea mist at a local store and found my solution to bathing the cat.I contained the cat on my tile floor in the kitchen and gave him a nice misting over his whole coat . Almost instantly fleas began to fall off and convulse on the floor before dying . This is why I suggest containing the infected animal to an area that is easy to clean . Fleas can carry tape worms and you do n't want them eating the dead fleas.Yes , this WILL cause your cat to foam at the mouth and drool . This is listed right on the Adam 's website as a side effect because of the highly bitter taste . My kitty drooled for a while but ultimately had no other side effects . When it comes to flea products , cats are highly sensitive to different chemicals so not all products will work for all cats , some will have a reaction and some will not . That is not an issue with the product . For me the product did it 's job and rid my cat of external adult fleas without having to bathe him . I have not noticed a flea on him since . My only issue with this product is the smell . It 's an alcohol based product to aid drying but it 's so strong and terrible it smells like you sprayed pure rubbing alcohol on your pets . It does n't last long though , once the mist dissipates from the area you ca n't smell it anymore.I noticed in store they sell a cat only version of this product , and a cat/dog version , yet both have the same amount of active ingredient so I do n't think there is a difference , just an FYI . I used it on my dogs and they were fine.I highly recommend Adams products . I used the carpet and upholstery spray to treat my house and it 's wonderful . This is not a replacement for a monthly flea preventative like Frontline or Advantage ! This is a quick fix for an already infected animal , similar to capstar yet cheaper . It does help repel fleas for up to 7 days , but really it works far better as a quick killer . Make sure to treat your home and yard to keep the fleas at bay . Get your animals on a monthly flea program and keep this stuff around as a back up .
 We bought this to treat our chickens mites . Worked very well . Be sure to follow up with a retreatment 10 days later .
 Adams Flea and Tick Mist comes in two types . One says it is `` water-based '' and the other does n't say that . The water-based product does n't smell as bad as the other type , so this is the one you want to buy . It works great . I have a precious little rat terrier who seems to be a magnet for fleas . To make things worse , she 's allergic to them . One bite and she has a red rash all over her and she itches like crazy . I have to keep fleas off her and this product does the trick for us . I live in South Louisiana where fleas are a problem . Buying anything from Amazon is a good experience . Shipping is immediate . I am a `` Prime '' member of Amazon and therefore do not pay shipping on the Prime products . But even if I had to pay for shipping , I 'd still purchase this product from Amazon because the price is good and the WalMart by my house only carries the regular , not the water-based spray . Read the label if you buy this product from a store to make sure you buy the right one .
 Summary - Adams products give an immediate kill , but you must have Frontline/Advantage for a long-term solution . - Allow one week between heartworm and Frontline/Advantage treatments for the health of your dog . - There are numerous * fake * Frontline/Advantage products that waste your money ; buy from reputable sources . -LRB- Incidentally , I found that Adams spray also killed the skunk smell on my dog . Interesting . -RRB- How to win the war on fleas --------------------------- If you do n't use a brand-name , topical product like Frontline or Advantage on a monthly basis , you will lose the war . Full stop . Fighting fleas is n't about a one-time kill , it 's about an on-going marathon - a full-out war!Frontline / Advantage will kill the fleas eventually , with enough months of use , BUT if you want an immediate kill , Adams -LRB- or anything with precor -RRB- is the product to use . It wo n't replace Frontline/Advantage long-term , but it will give you immediate relief . Let me repeat this for emphasis
 This works good on dogs that stay outside here in FL . I use it with other Flea protection and this seems to be the only method that Works .
 did a great job getting rid of the flea problem on my dog i would def buy this item again
 I am not sure , but I am attributing a good part of my cockatiel 's 22 year longevity to Nekton-S . I just shake it down into his food every time I fill the feeder . -LRB- I think he may love it too . Once , when I had run out , I filled the food feeder and he looked at me in a funny way . I think he knew that his vitamins were missing !? -RRB- Anyway , I would n't be without it .
 I received my order yesterday and I was highly disappointed because the expiration date on the vitamin was only until May 2011 . I ordered the 2.5 oz , I 'll never finish that with just two parakeets . Beware if you 're ordering from this seller .
 I got my cat at a shelter and they feed this to the cats there . My cat Wanda loves it . Never any waste and it makes for a cleaner litter box . Cuts stool odor down 90 % . No dyes that can stain either . Keeps Wanda happy and very healthy .
 My cats have been on Hill 's Science Diet since they came home as kittens . This food is great and keeps them very healthy , it 's what the vet has always recommended and I 've stuck with for my cats . I get the big bag because it 's easier to store it in a large air-tight container near their food and not have to worry about buying food every other week or so . So glad to see this on Amazon Prime now , I used to have to go out of my way to speciality pet stores just to get it as places like PetCo out here do n't always carry it.EDIT / UPDATE
 I have used Hill 's Science Diet for a number of years and will not buy anything else . In the `` pet food recall '' , only one of Hill 's numerous products was recalled . Even though it is more expensive than other cat and kitten foods on the market , I have found that it lasts a lot longer because more of it is digestable . I have been `` foster parent '' to a number of kittens and start them on Hill 's as soon as I start weaning them off the bottle . All of my cats shed less , which is a sign of good health ; have very shiny coats and stay in excellent health .
 My cat is picky . He also gets an upset stomach over other varieties of cat food . However , Science diet adult optimal works best . It was used at the shelter we bought him and he loves it and this big bag , as long as it is put in a Gallon sized tupperware type container is about half price of any pet food store .
 I adopted my cat from a shelter and this is the type of food they fed him and urged me to continue feeding him . He absolutely loves it and I wo n't be changing brands or food anytime soon . It seems to be a very high quality dry cat food and it 's definitely one that my cat loves . The big bag of food is great especially if you have large Rubbermaid -LRB- etc -RRB- containers to store it in so it does n't get stale . I 'm very happy with this food and I 'm very glad the shelter -LRB- and my vet -RRB- ended up recommending it . My cat is happy and I 'm happy knowing he is being fed appropriately with high quality food that is helping him stay healthy .
 I have used Science Diet for over 20 years now . My cats coats are soft , and shiny . I recently adopted a rescue that found me , for the first week , her litter box stunk so bad , it made me gag . Finally when the old cat food was out of her system and she was 100 % science diet , it was a huge difference in the smell !! The price seems high compared to other brands you find in the store , however , it really is n't . Cats are nutritionally satisfied and the food goes a long way . It averages 10.00 a month for one cat . Not bad . I wo n't feed anything else .
 I like this product very much and have used it for our cats since they were very small . They love it and stay very healthy and their coats are silky and shiney . It was recommended by the vet , although it is a bit expensive the cats stay healthy . I can buy this product cheaper from local sources because of shipping charges so wo n't order again . Johnny5536
 All of my cats like it . It is a quality dry food . Of course , always keeps clean fresh water available at all times .
 This is the same food I get from the fancy pet stores , except I spend less and it comes to my door !
 My 3 cats are SOOOOO PICKY !! BUT !!! they really like this cat food ! I bought it because my cats were all over weight and my Vet said I should get a better cat food then the regular Supermarket kibble ! So for Christmas I bought this huge bag from Amazon . . THEY LOVE IT !! All 3 of them ! And our 2 &#34; Tuxedo &#34; cats who have a &#34; GAG &#34; type reflex seem to be able swallow & digest this kibble so much better ! They are not throwing up at all now ! Which is really amazing ! And our Cute Orange stripped Tabby -LRB- Tiger -RRB- kitty loves these kibbles just as much as the other 2 cats!I really ca n't believe it that when we received that HUGE BAG of cat kibble in the middle of Dec. that we would be half way through it by now !! It 's only mid way through January . . so there you go . . our 3 cats love Hill 's Science Diet Optimal Care Kibble !! They really do !
 we have been feeding our 3 cats science diet for years , and have been waiting for this to pop up on subscribe and save . it did ! this ends my review .
 My four cats love science diet . They wo n't eat any other brand of dry cat food . Once when the store was out I bought Ims and they would n't touch it . I fed it to the homeless cats in the neighborhood . They do n't care for science diet wet food though .
 This is same product as in stores but it is cheaper and free 2 day with Prime - ca n't beat it !
 I have 6 cats and 2 of them took to this food right away . The other 4 took a bit more time but now all 6 of them eat it and love it especially when it is fresh out of the bag . Make sure to tightly close the bag in between uses so that it stays fresh and only put out what they will eat right away . If it sits more than a day my cats wo n't eat it and it becomes raven food .
 While I ca n't attest to the long term affects of this food -LRB- i.e. whether it makes cats fat -RRB- , I do know that a cat 's natural diet does not consists of only grain , as is the main ingredient in most dry cat food . -LRB- Imagine if all you and I ate were chips ! -RRB- Because of this , I also feed my cats meaty canned food as well . I guess my point is that to avoid pet obesity , pets should have a well balanced diet just like the rest of us , and you ca n't hold the manufacturers of dry food responsible for that fact . Otherwise , it would be like blaming McDonalds for making you fat , do n't you think?Anyway , what I DO know is that my cats love this dry food so much that they would actually rather have that then the meaty wet food . I know this because when I switched to Hill 's Science Diet , my cats quit finishing the wet food that I set out for them . In fact , because of this , I 'm probably going to pay more attention to the suggested serving sizes printed on bag , as opposed to just keeping their dishes full . Everything in moderation , right?The only reason I gave this product 4 starts instead of 5 is because of the abnormally high price . I 'm willing to pay the extra for my little kitties , but that does n't mean I have to be happy about it.So all in all , I highly recommend this product . Just remember to use it as part of a balanced diet .
 My two cats love Science Diet . Only problem is I wish they would have a picture of the food on the outside of the bag . There is the dry which is tan , triangle shaped and the other is a dark brown , round shape . I always end up buying the wrong bag and the cats only love one .
 Have used this product for many years with great results . We own four birds and only one has been to a vet with any issues in the last ten years . I do believe that these vitamins are part of the reason .
 My Cocateil Loves this Vitaimin Formula . My Bird is malway Lively and Fun to play with She is a Happy Bird !!!
 Quality vitamin with durable packaging . Have used previously with much success . Highly recommend and suggest using for your cage bird . When managing a national chain pet store it was the vitamin supplement of choice . We sprinkle over the seed daily for our personal pet .
 I own two conures which I have had for 13 years . I am very particular with what I feed them . This is a great product that was recommended by my vet . I have had no problems getting my birds to drink water mixed with the Nekton powder . I would highly recommend this product .
 Have fed our Siberian Husky this food since she was old enough to eat solid food and she still eats it just fine and is in beautiful condition .
 Both my girls love this mixed in with their food . -LRB- I 'm sure they 'd love it more NOT mixed with the kibble , but they tolerate the kibble just be eat this . -RRB- Great service , reasonably priced . I 'd gladly use seller again .
 We have a 8 month old LabraDoodle and he loves this food . Prior to trying this food we tried several other brands , a few times Raja ate the food but threw up a little later . Even on the Science Diet brands we tried other variations like `` Lamb Rice '' formula and he did not like that at all . He would rather stay hungry than eat other food . There is something about this `` original '' formula.One note
 amigo mio gracias por el envio todo esta muy bien , muchas gracias y que pase muy bien y feliz d&iacute;as de los enamorados
 I bought this product because I knew I was going to run multiple air stones off one air pump and I wanted to control the air flow better than simply using a splitter.My air pump is a Rena 400 with two outlets , which works out nicely because this Air Control Valve has two inlets -LRB- it comes with a plastic plug for one of the inlets just in case your air pump only has one outlet -RRB- . I have an undergravel filter which uses four of the ports and a 12 '' airstone running off the fifth port.During my initial setup , I had to tweak all four ports to make sure the air coming out of each stone was what I wanted . This valve allowed me to do that well . Since it 's plastic and not metal , the fine tuning was a little more difficult . However , this was n't a big problem , it just took an extra couple of minutes . Once it was set , I have n't had to mess with it again . We 'll see what happens when I have to change out my air stones .
 Lever valves are a bit stiff and hard to regulate . The housing is a bit thick so my hood does n't close well . It 's way too &#34; beefy &#34;
 Have had it since this summer and it works fine . No complaints ! Would recommend to others who are looking for an affordable and simple way to have multiple aeration stones or bubble walls and stones in their tank .
 It is great , works great , good deal , great product , would recommend it to anyone that was looking for something simular .
 buy this air distributor , and I made a very good job , the fluid is very good , I recommend it to anyone who needs a good produsto . I 'm happy with the way my hand I give it 5 stars .
 Honestly amazon how much can you write on some stupid fish tank control valve if you need my words on this item here they are ... . recieved item unpacked it hooked it up to air pump and it works they I had to write this review because some stupid person need to come up with ideas to save there job .
 These are very cute and the dogs like them . My labrador ate an entire ball in about 2 minutes , but otherwise they served for the purpose of fetch fine with the other breeds .
 I definitely did n't buy it on amazon at this price tag , but my dog loves it ! I buy it from the supermarket for a mere $ 18 -LRB- 3 stars at amazon price , 5 stars at $ 18 -RRB- . I 've tried multiple brands and flavors , and this is by far his favorite . I always give him a little of whatever i eat in addition to it , but he 'll eat this plain , unlike some other brands like pedigree which he will refuse to eat . Science diet was almost as good , but he likes this better , and it 's cheaper . For a great meal , pour half a cup of chicken of beef stalk over it and you 'll have a friend for life .
 This is the only cat food flavour in Iams that my cat will literally eat , I have been all over town trying to purchase this flavourthat seemed no problem at my local grocery stores before however now it seems impossible , there is every other flavour of Iams on the shelves , ocean fish seems to have vanished . I have a couple of local grocerists looking into this , I live in Sooke BC . I have even been into Colwood BC , and all of the chains that i have been to all seem to be having the same problem . I did go to Pet Cetera in the Tillicum Mall in Victoria B.C. , and did manage to scrape up a couple of flats of the little tins , which as any smart consumer would be aware of , is a total uneconomic way to purchase cat food , Help if you can !! , By the way my cat 's name is Mischief . Regards . : - -RRB-
 This is the best flea collar on the market . It cleared up all the fleas and allowed the hair to grow back . My kitties were losing hair due to skin allergies as a result of fleas . With this collar , the fleas are gone and their hair is growing back .
 I love this brush . My dog is a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel who is still a 6 month old puppy and already has a lot of long hair . I love the slicker part of the brush , although the surface of the brush is bigger than I thought it would be . I 'm hoping as my dog gets older he will `` grow into it '' . My favorite part of this brush is the smaller brushes included in the sides . I use the `` flea brush '' for his ears . His ears are long and when he eats he gets food particles in his fur and when he 's outside he 'll often get pieces of grass or mud in his ears . The little flea brush works wonders at removing these particles and his ears look so soft and smooth . Overall , great product . Just do n't make the mistake I did by not looking at the dimensions so you will get the right size of brush for your needs .
 This brush has a large surface which makes it easy to use on my Shelties . It takes out loose hair and makes them look smooth and neat !
 My order arrived right one time , they sent me the blue one and it 's great ! It 's bigger than I had expected , but it 's so nice . The combs fit right in the top of the brush so you ca n't lose them . I love it !
 Does it 's job , lol . It 's a comb ... and it brushes things ... Nothing much to say about it , though the flea comb and that fine comb are a nice add-on . I always seem to lose those things.Does anyone know how to clean it ? I usually just get a paper towel and wipe the fur off , but if there is a more efficient way , I 'm all ears !
 this is really good brush . i used it on my 5month Maltese and it seems to work better than other product . and those side brushes , work good on removing tear stains and removing any furs on your brush . i would recommend this .
 I like having three things in one . The fine tooth comb works very well on my shih tzu . I am able to remove a lot of excess hair from her.The brush works very well too , esp right after each bath . It helps with drying her hair.She loves being brushed !
 prompt shipping . great deal and very useful product . Item was not packed securely and bristles were a little bent .
 This pump is a good stand bye pump . It does heat the water up if installed in the sump , but does ok out of the sump .
 great hydroponics pump !! I 've bought seven of these pumps and I absolutely love them and I 've never had any reason to complain . most of the negative stuff I 've read on other reviews seem really hard to believe . I do not use the filters and I will not be commenting on them . the pump is very solidly built and there is nothing about that can come loose . the kind they sell with the foam pre filter has a shorter power cord than the rigid filter version.they sell replacement impellers in case you are sucking something through that could break it . without using a filter I 've never had anything get stuck in it . I need a pump that can pump at least 7 feet into the air and only so many of these magnetic drive ones can do it . I bought a 400 GPH Active Aqua pump because it was about half the price and these 700 danners seem like overkill . the 400 could not handle the head feet and seems really cheaply made . but are useful if you do n't need to pump more than a few feet off the ground.I messed up one of the first danner pumps I bought by using it to drain a hole i was digging . the hole kept filling up with muddy water and I used the pump on a timer to keep it drained . it worked well for weeks . even with mud drying inside the pump . and then after a few weeks it stopped but that was a pretty ridiculous thing to put it through .
 An American made , most recent highly efficient design with minimal electrical consumption . Not must else to say except that THIS is the brand and the design that should be most considered for continuous pond re-circulation or fountain/waterfall use .
 Pretty nice pumps but they are kinda expensive ... hey sure taking a licking though ... I have abused mine to hell and it still works . . very easy to disassemble and clean ...
 I usually purchase Rio or Danner pumps for my reef tank . This Mag 7 was fitting for my 1/5 HP chiller , it was perfect for the application . These pumps are quiet and I have n't had one let me know down .
 Exactly what I wanted ... the Price was great as was the shipping time ... runs beautifully but my experience with Mag Drives has always been positive ... both for ponds and saltwater aquariums .
 Excellent . Works for me , day by day.If my fishy happy I am happy.And this pump helps . I always used MAGand never was dissapionted .
 Perches have a tendency to run on the expensive side . My parrot uses his neck and beak to carry toys and yet still try and climb . I wanted several perches that I could stager in a corner so it can make it 's way up to the top . The hardware was quality and the perches were sturdy .
 My old weimaraner girl is like a new dog . I saw increased mobility in less than a week . We live by the beach and take daily walks . She had gotten to where she was unable to run anymore and would cry out in pain with her right shoulder . NO MORE ! And she now runs on the beach again . I will definitely continue to purchase these dog biscuits . I am a thrilled customer .
 My dog 's mobility has been restored since we have been giving him these daily . Otherwise he just lays around stiff !
 Nice way to save time and money . I usually pay twice as much for this product in pet supply stores .
 I wholeheartedly recommend these dog treats ! We were looking for a yummy Glucosamine dog treat for our 2-year-old dog , and these are a great value for the money ! Our pup loves the peanut butter flavor and does not have to be coaxed into eating them . Also , I LOVE that they are Made in the USA . Highly recommend . These treats are great !
 Both of my dogs love these and they look forward to their `` medicine '' every day . Great treats that are beneficial at a great price . Win , win , win .
 Sophia Loren loves her Nutri-Vet Hip & Jiont with Glucosamine wafers ! She has one every evening and I have seen the change in her joints . I love them !!! Thank you and thank you for the excellent price !!!!
 I have a 13 yr old Husky that has gotten so picky about her food that she only eats something like Fresh Pet or dried meats -LRB- mainly chicken -RRB- . She turns her nose up at most treats and wo n't eat pill pockets . So I was thrilled to find these because she loves them . She actually begs for them . And they seem to do the trick since she is a very 13 yr old with no noticeable joint pain .
 My dogs love these `` cookies '' and when PetSmart stopped carrying them , I immediately went to Amazon . This seller ships quick and I pay a little less . That makes me happy and my `` girls '' are happy because they get their morning cookie .
 Sadly , we lost our Beloved Mel , two months after starting the treats . We did see improvement in Mel 's back hips . He was having trouble jumping on the bed , and after lying on the couch it was hard for him to get off . He loved the treats and I saw improvements with in weeks . I can honestly say , I saw the effects wear off the few days he was off then between shipments . We also saw him struggle when we had to have him fast before vet appointments . Max my 6 year old loves them too , and anything to not see him struggle in the future ! Must have in our house !
 Our poor 11 year old dog is getting crippled . I 'm not sure if these biscuits help him , sometimes he does seem much better . But , he certainly loves the flavor .
 I have a year old Mastiff who came from a pretty bad situation when he was just 2 months old resulting in bad genetics and just overall he is a bit less healthy than a normal dog . I bought a small bag of these when they were on sale because it 's pretty well known that Mastiff 's have hip dysplasia issues as they age but unfortunately he has been showing symptoms -LRB- bunny hopping and some stiffness in the morning mainly -RRB- since 6 months ... all that fast growing mixed with how large they get is a pretty bad combo for joints then a slow start and bad genetics on top of it can really mess up a Mastiff ... . Because of this he has always been on glucosamine of some sort so I had no idea if these were working or not until I ran out and did n't bother buying more for a couple months . . I was thinking he was a pup , he would n't get much worse if I saved the money this month and just started back up when I had the extra money to buy the huge box again ... I 've seen HUGE changes in him since he has been off of these . I do n't want to say it 's the best source of glucosamine out there , but he LOVES the taste of them and it really does seem that he 's been a bit more sore since he has n't had them . I 'm going to buy another box and see if he improves . I 'll update my review after a month or so .
 What better way to provide your dog with the potential benefits of Glucosamine ? Although the benefits for animals , such as dogs -LRB- and the jury is still out on humans too -RRB- , are still argued , there are no drawbacks to providing your dog with Glucosamine . If your dog loves peanut butter , then he or she will love these biscuits . I selected this brand due to the natural ingredients as well as limited ingredients - there are no fillers , etc. in these biscuits . Each biscuits contains 500mg of Glucosamine . I provide my dog with two a day for his size -LRB- he is a large black lab , who often runs with me , as well as is an avid swimmer and walks an average of 3 miles a day -RRB- . All I have to do is say `` biscuit '' and he knows what he is getting . Although if it is past his usually treat time , my dog is sure to remind me!I first purchased these biscuits at PetSmart about 6 months ago when I noticed my dog limping here and there - primarily after a lot of exercise . He was approaching 7 years of age so I thought it was time to provide preventative measures for his hips and joints . I found this item to be very expensive in PetSmart -LRB- $ 26.99 for one bag , so I decided to check Amazon when I was almost out of the biscuits . I was able to purchase them for $ 17.99 a bag - almost a $ 10 difference ! Being a Prime member , I received free shipping . Excellent deal all around.I am extremely picky with what my dogs eats , and I would highly recommend this product . There is also a smaller biscuits size for small and medium dogs .
 My dogs love these . They were shipped out quickly and the dogs and I could n't be happier . Thank you . I 'll be back to buy more .
 Dog likes them , but not really sure if the glucosamine does much , or if there is even enough to make a difference . My dog is not exactly old and limping around so I 'm not sure you would see much of a difference . He is getting a little older and I just want to get him a healthy snack .
 This product is great for older dogs with hip , joint , and or arthritis . I ran out of these treats for a few days , and I really noticed the difference in my dog . This product really does work .
 My dog had knee surgery 1994 . Since taking this product he never limps and has no trouble jumping up to the couch where I want him to sit with me . He does good on this product .
 Our 9 year old ~ 50lb blue heeler/border collie cross girl dog shows a near immediate difference between orders of these . Yeah , I know , it is completely my fault not hers for not ordering the next couple of bags before the current one runs out . She 'd be right on top of it if she could . Anyway ... she has had a broken front leg most of her life , and is showing a little soreness once in a while in her rear right hip without these biscuits . Several days off of these biscuits is too long.But within a day or two of feeding these to her , she 's back to walking normal again . I know I know . some of you might be calling BS on that , but I know our little girl dog here and how sensitive she is to any change in nutrition . Just a few kibbles make a difference with her weight . she 's fed twice a day , about a cup or a little less each time , and one of these biscuits with her supper.Nutri-Vet did a very good job with these . If I liked peanut butter flavor , I 'd eat 'em too for my bad joints . You definitely ca n't beat the mg/biscuit for the price.In short , I 'd most definitely recommend these for any dog who needs 'em . They work.And of course , Amazon always has the best price - even though several other places try to undercut amazon by a few bucks , they kill the deal with their shipping costs . One thing that cracks me up though about Amazon , is the big box of these is , per biscuit or per pound , MORE expensive than buying a few 6lb ` ers . so watch that . Bulk is not always in your favor . If it is the box convenience you 're after , use a plastic tub at home 'n empty the bags into it . Oh , the bags also reseal to keep these from drying out - they 're alreay crumbly crunchy texture , but I guess it makes us people feel better to think our dog -LRB- s -RRB- are getting the most fresh they can.Good luck , and remember - always do your best to be the great person your dog figures you are - it helps.Chuck
 This is a wonderful deal on these super fine quality dog biscuits . Certainly not made like the typical ones you find in stores . They are not only made of the finest ingredients , but have added nutrients for their joints . They are medium size , smooth and solid ~ not crumby like all the others . My dogs love these Peanut Butter Biscuits . THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE VERY FAST AND FREE PRIORITY SHIPPING AMAZON !!!!!
 The product labeling is a bit contradictory , but we have been pleased with the results so far .
 My 2 older dogs love this product . I also know that it is good for them .
 With 7 large Greyhounds of my own plus fostering new Greys from the track all the time , this house has a minimum of 10 Greys in it at all times . I own and foster only special needs Greyhounds -LRB- never a shortage of them -RRB- , mostly due to broken legs and hocks at the track . I make glucosamine a daily staple in their morning meals -LRB- with my Vet 's approval of course -RRB- , regardless of their ages . I 've tried countless products , some they liked and some they turned their snouts up in rebellion . Even my 3 older ones who have about 7 teeth total among them like these . -LRB- For my toothless wonders , I crush them before adding to their bowl-break into pieces in my hands then use a small ` smack and chop ' chopper on the cutting board and scoop the small pieces into individual bowls -RRB- . My other 4 who still have most of their teeth wait for me at the top of the cellar stairs while I 'm filling their bowls and placing one of these peanut butter biscuits on the top of each . While 1-2 try to distract me as I 'm hauling all these bowls up the stairs , the others bob and weave in attempts to steal the treats out of the bowls as I near the top of the steps . Have to admit defeat on occasion when I 'm not paying attention : -LRB- In any event , have n't met a Greyhound yet who does not love these . Not only that , I have seen remarkable improvement in agility , desire to play and romp , renewed interest in toys , consistent improvement in ease in pouncing on the beds , serious athleticism in swiping the tomatoes from my topsy turvys in the yard , even stealing a 3 lb pumpkin off the back step to munch on behind the tree in the back yard . The younger ones have resumed ` running laps ' around the yard while the older ones -LRB- 2 are 11 , 9 , 8 , 5 and 2 are 4 -RRB- seem younger and instigate play more often than before . They are energetic , not as stiff after a nap or nighttime , want to do more , play more , walk more/further and , while it may be my imagination , the older ones seem to be eating better . -LRB- They had gotten to a point where sometimes they would eat , sometimes not , sometimes just nibble a few bites and walk away -RRB- . All in all , they like this product and I am thrilled already with the positive changes I see in my ` kids ' who are always with me and the fosters who arrive in rough shape but leave for happy , responsible homes upon adoption . I dislike pumping meds into any pet when something else will help . I 'm sticking with this product . It works for me and mine . I would n't purchase 7-10 6 lb bags of this product at a time if my pups were n't exhibiting such remarkable improvements . Their quality of life has definitely improved . Packaging says to allow 4-6 weeks for best results but it took less than 3 weeks for me to begin seeing significant changes in all of my guys and gals . Ca n't wait to see what 6 + weeks of using this product will produce!Each ALL NATURAL biscuit contains 500 mg glucosamine and is a substantial ` treat ' . Biscuits are approx . 3-4 '' long and perhaps .75 '' high and quite crunchy to promote strong teeth and healthy gums . They are a bit difficult to break other than in halves . After that initial break , they are too tough to break into smaller chunks , thus the need for my abovementioned ` chopper ' . Each bag purchased to date has arrived in excellent condition . Out of 14 6-lb bags to date -LRB- 2 separate orders -RRB- , only 2 biscuits were broken in half ; nothing was crushed or broken into small chunks . Very little residue at bottom of resealable bags . Unfortunately , I did count the biscuits in the first 2 -LRB- original order -RRB- bags to determine whether or not I would stick with this product pricewise , but I 've forgotten now what that count was so I can not share that at this time . And because I 'm back to order more , if I remember , I 'll update this review when I count them again . Directions for use
 Force-feeding my dog glucosamine tablets got old pretty quickly . I bought a nice bag of these biscuits and the whole problem went away . Based on my dog 's size -LRB- 90 lbs -RRB- , my vet recommended 1000 mg of glucosamine -- just 2 biscuits a day.Almost all of the biscuits arrived whole and they stay fresh in the sealable bag.These definitely are n't gourmet treats so if your dog is finicky , you may want to use caution ; mine ate them up with no problem .
 This was such a better deal than the `` brick and mortar '' price . I ordered two so I could get the free shipping . Product was exactly what I had been buying , at less the cost . Long live my healthy , happy canines . : - -RRB-
 This is a great product . We have a large mixed breed dog who needs help with her joints . She loves these biscuits . They also seem to do the trick for her joints . I prefer the ones that are more of a bone shaped treat . They give her more of a tooth work out . We have not been able to find the `` bones '' treats since we first stumbled across them at a local pet food supply store . These are peanut shaped biscuits . The price from Amazon was great too .
 My dog would n't eat the expensive stuff the vet sells -LRB- liver flavored -RRB- . In fact I had to grind it over his food and hope he would get enough glucosomine . It was always a challenge . We tried several different types . The peanut butter dog bone is the best . My dog LOVES it . I highly recommend it !
 One problem I 've experienced in caring for an older dog is finding a glucosamine supplement that our 65 lb. , 15 year old Akita/Chow-chow mix would really like eating . Finding one that our dog , Kuma-chan liked eating was a challenge . We 've tried tablets in her food and she would smell it mixed in and not eat until the next day . Other biscuit type supplements were left uneaten . Sometimes the gel capsule would be left at the bottom of her dinner bowl.As soon as the Nutri-Vet Hip & Joint Peanut Butter Large Dog Biscuits arrived , I offered a biscuit to Kuma . She took it , wagged her tail and came back for another one ! Now , she knows that she only gets one every morning before her chicken jerky treats ! It 's great when you do n't have to force feed your best friend ! What a relief to see Kuma walk with minimal stiffness or pain in her hips after a couple of weeks .
 My 12 year old Collie loves these bones ! Our morning routine is to wake up , get me some food and then she waits by the lazy susan for hers . By the time I start rolling through the shelf , she starts to lick her lips and then when she has it , she goes to her spot on the carpet and devours it.It has made some improvement in her mobility , although she was n't too bad off to begin with . I will definitely be buying more of these when we run out.This is a great product at a great price .
 My Rottweiller loves these wafers and what a savings . they are so expensive at the top pet stores and he goes through a lot of them .
 I have two Great Danes that love to rough and tumble play , therefore , a supplement like this is important . These dogs also age quickly . They seem to enjoy these biscuits . I use them to lure them into their crates and they look forward to getting them . They were priced slightly lower than the local pet store too !
 Our four dogs love these.It appears that these no longer get put into a plastic bag before being put into the box . This allows all sorts of mishaps.The first box we got this way had mostly broken bits and appeared to be stale . -LRB- No , the puppies did not complain -RRB- Amazon.com send out a replacement box . This one was full of little bugs . Grose . It got tossed into the trash . -LRB- Puppies were sad ... -RRB- So I called the company , spoke to a very nice person who said they would look into it , and get back to me.Less then a week later , a box arrived , and in it were four 6lbs bags of these treats ! These 6lbs bags are heavy duty and re-sealable . Although I am not sure why they do not seal the 20lbs boxes as they used to , the company did a very nice CS fix , and I will continue to support them by buying the 6lbs bags .
 My two younger , three year old dogs absolutely love these and it is much easier to get them to take than the pills . My eight year old however , ca n't chew them because they are hard on his teeth . I have to break them up into much smaller pieces for him to eat . Great value for the money . I would recommend them to other dog owners .
 My dog loves these bones and it is an easy way to give her , her glucosamine every day .
 My dog routinely spits out the chewable tablets and/or manages to eat around them when I try to hide them in her meals . I mash the tablets and mix them into her meals and she ddoes n't seem to notice , however mashing the tablets and dosing the food , although not a huge effort , was quickly replaced with these biscuits once I found my dog actually likes the biscuits.I too found many broken biscuits , however I toss the broken bits into a meal and my dog thinks she 's struck gold -LRB- she 'll dig the bit out from the bowl , race down the hallway as if to hide the find from me while she gobbles it up , then return to finish her meal -RRB- . My vet recommended glucosamine as a preventive measure for my dog -LRB- a seven year old SPCA-special , mini Aussie/Border Collie mix -RRB- , coupled with the need to shave a few pounds from her as an added preventive measure - ultimately , these biscuits , bits and pieces included , have replaced many of the more caloric treats I was giving my dog - that 's why I do n't mind the broken bit -LRB- yes , I was guilty of providing too many treats , hence the need for her to drop a bit of weight -RRB- . Although my dog does n't have joint issues , she has dropped two pounds and if that 's all the biscuits do for her at this stage , well , I still think we 're both ahead of the game : -RRB- Here 's hoping my dog does n't tire of these biscuits : -RRB-
 My Golden Retriever is 10 years old now , and she moves a bit slower -LRB- especially with 2 titanium hips that she received at 6 months -RRB- . She 's still incredibly active , but is n't as quick out of the gates as she used to be . I figured that I would start her on some hip and joint meds , so I bought some pills to put in her food . Then I found these , which she loves . She 's definitely not finicky , but she wo n't eat just anything either , and she gobbles these up . I 've given her 2 a day for about 3 + months , and I 've found 3 broken biscuits . Living in Colorado , nothing really goes stale out here , so I ca n't speak to that . She loves them , and they seem to be working .
 I began giving my older golden retriever these biscuits after she had a lot of difficulty getting up after a walk-what a big improvement . She has a lot more mobility .
 Product arived within a reasonable time in good condition . Very few broken pieces . My dogs enjoy them .
 Lightweight , fluffy and easy to grip for small dogs.My dog has a tough time with many toys because of their stuffing . The flat design of this item makes it easy for him to play with and squeak.The only reason why I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it would be even better with more squeakers . : - -RRB-
 I gave this a four rating in part due to the value since we paid a relatively low price . It is not made out of the thickest/strongest materieal and I am not sure how it would hold up in larger sizes . I like the way the top secures to the bottom -- no screws or parts to come off and get lost . The handle is not on securely enough to be able to use it to carry the kennel while my puppy is inside . Nice rich color .
 This was a good value for the price . It is quite a bit lighter in color that the picture - kind of a khaki green . It works great to tote our cat back and forth from the vet . My 18lb . pekingese can even fit in it -LRB- he jumped in it a few times out of curiosity -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this for a cat or a toy sized dog .
 I bought this kennel for my Lhasa Apso who weighs 17 pounds . We have another which is the next size up that we leave upstairs for her to sleep in and this new one was for the downstairs . I like the color and it is sturdy enough for her but I think I should have gotten the next size up . She is able to lie down comfortably and stand up and turn around but her other one is the next size up and is more roomier . I should have measured better , but it does the job and she 's fine in it . I like the turn clasp better , this one has the one where you squeeze it and have to get the pins up top and down below to match the holes . It 's not a real problem , just my opinion .
 This kennel is exactly what we were looking for - easy to put together and take apart for storage , nice and roomy inside , and very nice looking ! Our 25 lb . Schipperke fits comfortably inside for car travel , but we mainly use it for our 8 lb . Chi female and 11 lb . Schip female to ride in together . They are very comfortable in there on long trips .
 Our 14 pound shih tzu fits in here perfectly . Construction is solid and door closes securely , so no escaping.Another reviewer noted that the color in this picture is off , and they are correct . To see the actual color , look at this item :[ . . -RSB-
 My daughter loved the pet carrier for her rabbit . We used it to bring the rabbit to school for show and tell for their Easter party . The kids were thrilled and I was glad I had it because her pet had an accident while we were driving home . Good thing I lined the carrier with trainer pads so it was easy to clean plus ofcourse it was made of vinyl plastic in the first place .
 We love the pet carrier . It is perfect for traveling with our two bunnies and works as a temporary hang out while we clean their full time home/cage . The inside vinyl lining makes for easy clean up .
 I did n't expect it to be so huge considering another reviewers post about it being perfect for their cockatiel , but it should get the job done and that 's why I got it . I have the same super pet carrier -LRB- blue and star shaped windows -RRB- but its a small and its as long as my cockatiel so ... I suppose this is perfect for my little guy since he 'll have turning room without bending his tail .
 This carrier was nice to have for the trip home after picking up my bunnies . They were comfortable with a little hay in the bottom and we could peek in at them to make sure they looked like they were doing okay . When I 'm not using it to carry the bunnies , I use it to store hay !
 Great concept having a thermometer and humidity gauge in one compact unit . Well made and it works as it says it should ! The gauge is small enough not to interfere with the crab habitat . Having the color coding to warn you of too low , normal , or too high conditions is brilliant . Easy enough for my 8 year old to determine the weather conditions in the tank .
 This little device is a life-saver -LRB- literally ! -RRB- I check it constantly to make sure the temp and humidity are perfect in my crabitat . It works perfectly and looks cute . -LRB- mine is pink -RRB-
 I got this gauge for my hermit crab tank . I have a 30 gallon long tank for them and I needed something the crabs would n't break . This has worked out just great .
 Need to know if your crabs are warm enough and , more important , moist enough ? Hermits can die if their gills get too dry . This lets you know if their environment is right .
 I was looking for a reasonably priced thermometer/humidity gauge for my hermit crabs tank . There were a lot to choose from . I am very happy with my purchase and even happier with the price being under $ 10.00 . It seems to be working just fine in their tank . Also , the gauge is easy to read and I like the compact size of the item .
 I have n't bought this product from this seller but i do own it . I bought it as a re-start up item of my hermit crab tank when I saved a poor hermit crab soul from a pet store . -LRB- I felt very bad for him -RRB- . I currently have a 29 gallon tank set up and it seems to read just fine . I do n't have problems with it . I feel like at my tank size I should probably get another one to put on the other side of the tank . It reads very accurately and helps me maintain a comfortable environment for Voldemort -LRB- he is molting , he ca n't have friends yet -RRB- . There are always going to be better quality products that are more expensive but if you are in a pinch like I was or you are on a lower budget this is perfect . Good luck !
 I dont know why there are 2 bad reviews this product is simply great it works just like it should and I never had problems with it 5 stars alll thhe wayyyyyyyyy
 I had my Zoo Med Hermit Crab Thermometer/Hydrometer for about 4 years , and it only recently broke . It was always accurate , and I am surprised it was working and lasted that long for being a cheap little gadget . It is worth the $ 10 . I am buying the same gauge for a replacement .
 I used to have to quit playing classical guitar for weeks at a time when my right third fingernail would crack or break . My teacher -LRB- from 1964 !! -RRB- recommended this to me on a trip home three months ago , and it has changed my playing for the better.For those with brittle fingernails that do n't hold up under serious playing of the classical guitar , this little gem will help you out . I 've been using it for two months and already experience fewer problems with breaking and splitting of nails . Get a few of these and leave them around the house , rub in a small drop into each nail a couple of times a day , and you will be amazed at how much more dependable your nails will be.And I do n't even have a turtle !
 We notice our tortoise legs and neck getting dry so this is perfect for a conditioner . So nice not to have to go to pet store to get supplies .
 This product is great for turtles or tortoises that have dry , cracked , brittle or just dull shells.I used this or my box turtles and tortoise and you could definitely notice a difference within a week.There are a lot of negative reviews on forums and other reptile sites but there are actually no proven cases where this has harmed a reptile or anything else.Most people say that this could trap bacteria but you would really have to slather it on a turtle to do that.Just apply it in a light coat and it will be well absorbed by your reptile.I would probably not use this on aquatic turtles I have n't tried it on mine but I would think it would make a big mess but I have used it on my Three toed box turtle , my Ornate box turtle , and my Russian tortoise without any problems.Overall I would recommend this to anyone who has a turtle with a dry or dull shell thats why I bought it.Another thing I have read on some online forums that this also does good for your skin so it could be useful for both you and your reptile .
 We 've been using this on our box turtle for years , with great success . No problems with bacteria that I 'm aware of . It absorbs within hours and then he looks really shiny and seems more comfortable . The label says you can massage it into your nails and cuticles `` for very pleasant results ! '' and I find this to be true . It smells great -LRB- has various oils , like sunflower and rosemary -RRB- and does seem to help my nails , too .
 Really great item . Using this to train my dog to stay , fetch etc. . Great price and really great item . You should get this and make your dog a perfect star !
 Not much to say other than it works fine . The clasp is VERY tight , but ca n't really complain about that .
 What can you say ... it 's a 20 foot dog leash . It shows the product as being red in color but mine came in the blue version . It 's not a problem unless you or your dog mind . Good price .
 My dog loves this toy , he plays with it often . It is great for small to medium sized dogs . Highly Recommend .
 This brush is very good because the handle pivots and makes it so much easier to groom hard to reach areas like , under the ears , armpits etc. . It 's also good because it 's lightweight.I gave it 4 stars because the handle is n't ergonomic and the pivoting part does wear out . I think for the higher price it should last longer .
 This works really well in reducing the bad stool odor with my lab . My friend also buys it for her Rotty and it works great !
 I have a very small water garden with two fish and a lily . The folks at the nursery said if things were balanced that a filter should n't be necessary . They were wrong . After 8 months in service the water was so murky you could n't see more than a couple of inches deep . I tried changing out the water a few bucketfulls at a time , but that did n't work either . So I get this filter . It was very easy to assemble and set the fountain . I love the adjust ability of the fountain head . The center piece in the top just moves up or down to change the pattern or restrict the volume . After only 36 hours in service , I noticed that the flow had started to drop off . So I pulled the filter out , opened it up , and saw and incredible amount of very fine sludge had already been collected . I cleaned the filter elements and put it right back in the pond . I believe it will be clean soon , I just need to keep cleaning the elements . Very highly recommended for the money !
 Greetings - I 've had this filter running in a 4 ' x 6 ' 100 gallon turtle pond for 4 months now . I does a great job keeping the water clean -LRB- two small mud turtles & a RES -RRB- . I purchased an extra set of filter pads to expedite the weekly changes and disrupt my turtles activities -LRB- sleeping , napping , resting , sunbathing & eating -RRB- as little as possible . So far so good ...
 This pump is a great value , especially as a `` starter '' pump for a novice pondkeeper . The all-in-one design makes it so easy to install and maintain . I can clean this filter in the same amount of time as I can clean my dryer 's lint trap . My only criticism is the filter media they provided . I found it far too course to filter out fine particles , so I added a layer of quilt batting .
 I needed a pump to clean up a small pre-formed pond that had been turned into a huge algae filled pool of water . I could see the fish when they came to the surface and that was it ... this pump and filter cleaned it up within a week ... could n't be happier !!!
 Ready to place in pond in minutes . I 've found keeping lot of floating plants cuts down on the algae , makes filter work less , I drain some water every couple weeks and add new . Adjustable fountain head for different effects ... a very nice product from a good company .
 I bought this for our small outdoor fish pond . I do n't know the exact size or volume , but it 's about 3 ' x 4 ' . Our previous pump/filter had given out partly because it was too powerful for a tiny pond . This seems to be just right . It makes a nice little fountain & filters the water really well . -LRB- We used the fountain nozzle from our other pump/filter because we wanted a more traditional tiered fountain , but this kit includes the basic bubble and waterbell type water pattern . -RRB- We had clear water again after just one day . It has been a little over a month since we installed , and no problems . It 's easy to clean , and at this price is such a great value.UPDATE
 Pondmaster PMK190 190gph Pump and Filter with Bonus Fountain Head is exactly what I needed to clear that funky split-pea soup -LRB- algae-ridden -RRB- water in my Shubunkin , Comet and Koi ponds ! Simple to use ... , Has a very sturdy handle -LRB- convenient for lifting the unit out of the pond for cleaning -RRB- . Takes about 2 minutes to hose off the 3 -LRB- very thick -RRB- filters and put the unit back in pond . The 190 gallons per hour `` pump-suck '' is quite powerful and quiet . My ponds were crystal clear in two days . I do n't use the optional fountain head because I have spitters and waterfalls , already -- not using it creates a very nice rippling agitation effect on the surface of the pond . Your neighbors will be in total awe . :-RRB- My fish are quite happy now that they can actually see me coming to feed them -- and see their food pellets floating on the top of the water . Perfect ! -- Katharena Eiermann , 2007 , the Realm of Existentialism -- Presidential Hopeful
 The pump works quite well and does create a nice spherical pattern . The head is adjustable so you can make different patterns . For example , it can also shoot jets out perpendicular to the head . There are no instructions for how to change the pattern and it 's definitely not obvious , but you just have to rotate the very top of the head . The filter is very large and easy to access for cleaning.I 've tried to use solar-powered pumps and filters in my pond , but they 're not powerful enough and tend to get clogged easily and break quickly . This is a much more powerful and sturdy pump with a far larger filter , so it should do the job much better . Definitely a good pump for the price .
 We are using this for a pond that contains several Comet Goldfish , one Red-Eared Slider Turle , & one Softshell Turtle . We 've had it a month now and love it . It 's easy to clean and works great so far .
 This is the best price I found for this product , which is still sold in stores . Functions as it should . Arrived as promised in new condition .
 we have a smaller pond - about 75 gallons with just a few small Koi . This was the perfect size and seems to be doing a great job of keeping the pond clean and healthy for the fish . The fountain offers a very serene sound when we sit out on the patio . Perfect !
 This works well , but I have to clean it weekly or so . I have about a 300 gallon pond with about 1000 tadpoles -LRB- green frogs -RRB- . It does n't bother the tadpoles , but the snails do occasionally plug the pump inlet.It 's been working for about 4 months and it 's still going!After more than a year , it 's still running almost 24/7 in my pond . I 've had to take apart the pump a few times to clean out debris that gets in , but it usually is only when the filter is really dirty.The screws that hold the actual pump chamber strip very easily , as they are only in the soft plastic . It needs to fit tightly , and you must be careful !
 The filter pump that came with a pond that was here when I bought the house quit working -LRB- due to a broken impellar -RRB- , and I knew nothing about replacing it . After much research , I read that a pump needed only to be powerful enough to filter the whole pond every 2-3 hours to avoid harming fish . Being that my pond is only about 65 gallons , this product was about the right size . I learned , also , that a magnetic impellar system , which this one has , would last much longer . I was unable to find what I needed at Lowes , Home Depot , PetSmart , Petco , etc. . I was able to find this on Amazon quite easily . And , Pondmaster has a good reputation as well.One complaint I read about this pump was that a rock had to be placed on top of it to keep it from floating in the water . This was true only initially . Now that the filter has become saturated , that 's no longer the case.The pump worked flawlessly the moment I plugged it in . The fountain head is relatively easy to adjust to make the `` bowl '' fit the pond . I 'm really happy I chose this product . - Thanks
 My small pond was a mess , and the Pondmaster got things cleared up in a couple of days , with some frequent attention by me to clean the filtration pads . Now that it 's cleared the water , the cleaning is less frequent . The seller did a nice job of getting the unit to me quickly and ready to run .
 My order came quickly in the mail . It looks and feels cheap but once you put it together , it Works great . When you take it out to clean it , lift the sides not the handle . Took a week to clean up my pond but Works great .
 Update
 I have read many reviews that talk about the pump failing . Mine failed after one month . I took the pump apart -LRB- slid it off of the rails that hold it to the filter and removed the screws that held the pump case together -RRB- . The plastic shaft inside the pump seems to be designed with some little teeth that should engage the impeller . However , mine had worn away . And very quickly . I used a little super glue to permanetnly attach the motor and impeller together . The pump has now been running flawlessly for two months -LRB- as long as I clean the filters ! -RRB- .
 I love how easy this was to set-up and install ; pretty much plug and play.You do need to weigh this down to get it to remain on the bottom . I would have preferred the power cord to be a little longerd.I will be required to by a new fountain head for this ; to me the image of the bell shape was small enough for my pond . I 'm yet to see this clean bell shape , I have just a circular spray off this , that was so big I water is landing outside our pond . . It has excellent pumping power , I have it on the lowest setting , due to the foutain head . The sound of the pump is not as appealing as other , but its not overly loud .
 Put it in our small -LRB- 250 gallon -RRB- goldfish pond that gets spruce needles and mud runoff that makes the water pretty much opaque . It cleared it up in a day ! It 's still brownish from tannins , but is very clear and we can see the fish swim throughout ! Much better than I expected at this price!The fountain head is a little lame-puts out sort of a random pattern , but I have n't tried adjusting it . We just use it with no fountain head and the water sort of burbles out the tube and down into the pond . I see bubbles being pulled underwater , so I 'm confident it is aerating the pond water .
 Easy to use . Effective filter that is easy to clean . Nice little pump . What more could you ask for ? My 100 gal . ornamental pond develops algae rather quickly . The pump helps to filter it out of the water column .
 Easy to set up - Easy to clean - Fountain nozzle is a bit fussy to adjust but keeps its setting without working loose
 I have a 50 gallon outdoor pond . This filter is the easiest one to clean I have owned.Working great in my little pond with 5 huge goldfish .
 I have tried so many different filters for my fish pool from Home Depot , then spotted this , read the reviews ... ordered , it arrived and I can not say enough about how quickly my Koi pool cleared up ... cleaning it is so aimple ... I very very highly recommend this product . It is fantastic .
 arrived within a week , works perfect for our little pond , we have to pull it out and hose off the filter every week but it 's really easy to do . We have a turtle and quite a few fish in our pond and this is keeping the water clean . Fountain is somewhat adjustable .
 The Pondmaster PMK190 , is a good product for the money . Quite functional . The down side to this unit is the size of the tube and bell fountain head . The tube is a non standard size and finding different fountain heads at your local home improvement store is impossible . Also with the filter being submerge its kinda a pain to clean , frequent cleaning is a must depending on your area and what is in your pond . Product does what it claims , and is good value for the price.update - now 3 years later , with regular maintenance I still am using the original filters !! I have a large frog family living in my pond having babies and they love this pump , changed the fountain head for a two tier design is great !! would be a 5 star except for non standard tube size.UPDATE
 I have a ~ 150-200 gallon pond with 7 goldfish , lily pads and a couple other plants . I had great luck through the warm months , but as Fall came too many leaves were getting into the pond and breaking down between cleanings , causing sediment throughout the water . I actually waited far too long to find this set up -- since I got it , I have cleaned it three times in two days because it is highly efficient at pulling the muck from your pond water ! Since it only takes about 30 seconds to spray out the filters and pop them back in , you can really get this to do a lot of work in a short amount of time . I will agree with others that it does want to tip over , especially if you have an uneven bottom or any currents . So far I have managed to balance it , but I may tie it or weight it once I am cleaning the filters less often . It is still by far the best deal and best solution I have seen for a small backyard pond .
 We decided to upgrade our pond pump and went with this one as the description matched our needs . We received the pump timely and it was exactly as described ! We took it out of the box , placed it in the pond and plugged it in ! It was easy , it works just as it is supposed to and the fountain head looks great ! We would purchase from this business again ! Thx !
 I was very relieved to find this product so that I could take my goldfish from my indoor tank and put them into their summer home in my garden pond for the summer . When trying to locate my pump from the previous years , my husband and I were unable to find it . I looked locally and found nothing ! There was no way that my poor fish could stay in the house where their tank gets a bit warm and could get dangerous for them . As a last ditch attempt to find one , I went on Amazon ; low and behold there was the exact pump that I was looking for ! I was very much relieved and thankful . Now my fish are safely in the cooler garden pond with the new pump cheerfully pumping away with a very relaxing fountain in the middle . Thank you so much for your product and for the prompt , hassle free service.Brenda Tripodes
 i have had this pump for 2 years and it died this summer so i had to order another one for my turtle pond - it keeps an opening in the ice so they make it through the winter . . i could not find a replacement locally ... it is the best - worked all through 2 winters at 30 degrees
 The Pondmaster pump Was the fastest delivery I ever had . The pump works great . Good seller.Pondmaster PMK1350 Pond Filter with 350-GPH Pump and Bonus Fountain Head
 I bought this filter/pump and am using it in a 60 gallon `` tough-tub '' plastic container with gold fish , a crayfish , and mosquito fish . I have bog plants installed as well . This pump has been running quietly for the past 6 weeks with no pressure drop at all . The water is crystal clear , and my fish are thriving . I will wait another 6 weeks before rinsing the filter . Overall , I am satisfied with this pump/filter . Another plus is that it is made in the USA . I will update this as time goes on , but as of now , I am a happy customer .
 rented a home with a neglected pond and wanted to try to clean it up without investing too much . after a month of use it has really helped cleanup a brown sink hole into a nice clear environment for our goldfish . is somewhat of an inconvenience to clean , i have not been able to keep it submerged without placing a stone on it . the fountain gives a nice effect . it only provides a mechanical filter , if that is what you need for a small -LRB- < 300 gal -RRB- pond this should work fine .
 I have about 40 tilapia in my tank ranging from 10 '' to 12 '' plus a few plecos . The tank is 225 gals . I am running an Aquaponices system and the grow bed media was keeping the water clean when the fish were smaller . Before I got this filter , the water got so dirty that I could no longer see the fish.I installed this pump and filter combo in less than a minute . The next day I could see the fish . After two days and five times cleaning the filter the water is very clean . I have to clean the filters every day but it is easy .
 This item works amazingly . Cleared the water very quickly and cleaning the media that catches all the muck is easily removed for cleaning . Very happy with this product .
 We have a small pond -LRB- 55 gals . -RRB- When after about 8 years , the pump failed , I did my best to replace with another of these . We let it just sit there with mosquito repellent for a whole year till I found another . The big filter is just what 's needed in a warm climate , and saves frequent cleanings . It 's hard to get at the pond because of overhanging branches , and this keeps the water cleaner longer than anything else we tried .
 The pump is exactly what I needed for my small pond . Works great and the fountain has great eye appeal .
 I have a sassy German Shepherd puppy . She has required intervention so I : - hired a trainer with 10 years experience -LRB- with a knowledge of the Shepherd mentality -RRB- - worked closely with my trainer to first leash trainThat did not entirely work for the behavior issues we were seeing , so , she suggested the Dogtra training collar.You must work with a trainer who is familiar with this product when using it to ensure proper and consistent messages and key words or phrases are being sent to your pup so they can learn them and eventually graduate to not using the collar . Also , it is important to discuss inconsistencies you are seeing with your dog 's training . It is not always the dog 's fault . For example : The first training collar I order was defective and malfunctioning . That is scarey when you have already put it around your dog 's neck . Always check the collar on yourself using a low setting . Hit the nick and constant button many times -LRB- I mean twenty or so -RRB- to make sure both buttons are working properly . Otherwise , you may think it 's your dog and work at a high and unfair number that will scare them and compromise the work you have already done . Good luck , and remember , patience .
 This collar has changed my dogs ' life . This product will turn your dog 's attitude from ` No , I do n't think I will come when called ' to ` Yes , I 'll be there as fast as I can !! ' in a split second . I ca n't say how great it is to be able to correct my dog from a distance , and this is a very valuable tool for distance training , or for situations like dog parks where your dog may be very far away from you . Some people think these collars are cruel , but it has several settings , from a light vibrating sensation -LRB- it feels just like a pager vibrating -RRB- , and electric shocks that start at level 1 , going all the way to 10 . Now , that being said , it 's up to you to train your dog to respond to the lightest correction possible , and to use this tool wisely , and at the appropriate times . I do n't think of these as ` shock ' collars , but as ` tool ' collars , and used wisely and with proper discretion , they too can change your dog 's behavior .
 We were skeptical at first , but I can not tell you how well this product worked for us - several neighbors asked us if we got rid of the dog because they never hear him barking anymore ! It is a great training device - now if he even sees the remote in my hand , he is on his best behavior . The paging feature is awesome as well - does not deliver shock , but a small vibration that automatically makes him come to you with tail wagging ! Strongly recommend !!!
 I owned one collar previous to this one that I would not even use after the first time because the settings were not flexible enough . This collar has a rolling dial that goes from O-100 , I have never used mine above 40 . There is also a vibrator feature which is great for recall . I purchased my collar from my dog trainer who trained me and my dog . My primary reason for buying this collar was so that I can walk my dog without a leash and still have recall . Since his training he heels great and I can let him run free when appropriate . It also came in handy when my dog was trying to break down my sliding glass door . They learn quick and then there is peace.As someone who has been working in rescue for many years I can say that training your dog with shock collars is far more humane than getting rid of your dog because you ca n't live with him/her comfortably . A well trained dog makes for a good lifetime companion .
 I ca n't believe how well this product works - Especially for off-lead bad behaviours . My dog listens to my commands and does not have behaviour issues - that is when inside , or outside with a leash ! As soon as I removed the leash , I was history , especially when he saw other dogs.I only used the shock mode a couple of times and then only used the vibration mode . I used the unit for maybe 2 weeks and now my dog is an absolute angel and no longer need it . It 's funny how he thinks it is the distraction that causes the vibration/shock , and runs to me like I 'm his saviour . Works like magic !!!
 With a restless dog and a baby on the way I had to do something about getting the dog trained . Rather than pay the money to have him professionally trained I decided to get a training collar.The Dogtra 400 yard trainer has been perfect . The range is sufficient if the dog starts to run off that we can correct him and bring him back . I consider my dog to be somewhat stubborn but I have yet to turn the power past 40 -LRB- it goes up to 100 -RRB- . He learns very quickly from a short nick . He has learned `` off '' means to get off the furniture , he barks less , and we let him out into the yard with just the collar on to go to the bathroom and he has yet to run away . It used to be that if he got out without being on a leash he would run through our neighborhood and would be loose for at least 15 minutes until we could corner him . This collar has taken care of a lot of bad behavior in a short time period.I would highly recommend this collar because it works . Not only that but it is rechargeable and can just be plugged in -LRB- although it says to do so for 18 hours at a time -RRB- and the build quality is worth the extra money to me . Just make sure you read the manual and give your dog lots of praise when he does something right . Do n't leave the collar on for too long when initially training .
 This is a great item to have for dog training . . It was suggested to me by my professional dog trainer . Puppy training has been joyful and easy to do . The only downfall I have with this product is that the collar tends to irritate my dogs neck -LRB- some swelling/red knots -RRB- when only used at the lowest level of shock . But believe me the training has been quick , I just use the collar for short periods at a time . I would recommend this product to any owner who has an aggressive , or a dominant breed of dog in which clicker or leash training failed . You ca n't go wrong with this product , so if you are a loving , responsible and loyal owner you owe it to your dog to make them the best they can be and Dogtra makes it easy to do !!!
 I never would have considered this product except I met a woman at the dog park who uses this item . We have a great hound mix who has been very resistant to training . When he sees a cat , a bird or a rabbit he 'll run at top speed for the animal . My wife has been pulled down on the ground while walking him on leash and he 's pulled the leash out of my hands . I worried that he would break my hand ; he 's already sprained it . We 're not small or weak either . He has a fierce interest in animals even if they are across main streets and I worry he 'll break free and bolt , ending up hit by a car.After receiving this item the first thing I did was try it on myself , on my wrist . The sensation at a low level -LRB- 15 to 20 in this case -RRB- which is what modern ecollar training suggests is like the kind of shock you get after walking across a carpet and then touching metal . It does n't hurt or cause pain ; it startles . It is possible I suppose to cause pain but I 've never used a power setting higher than 20 -LRB- out of a possible 100 -RRB- and usually 15 is high enough.I 've only been using this for a few days and already our dog gets `` come '' and `` quiet '' . The results are impressive . With this product he can play off leash at the dog park and be walked safely . When he sees an animal I hit the vibrate button -LRB- like vibrate on a cell phone -RRB- and that distracts him enough that he will keep going . Already he get excited when I put the ecollar on because he knows he 's going out.If you do use this item do your research . There are some great websites out there . Lou Castle has a lot of good information on his web site . Make sure you use a low setting . Used carefully in educated hands this is a great tool .
 I am very happy with this unit . It has worked wonders with my dog . Only a few reminders , and my dog now comes back when called even without the collar . I live in an open ranch area and loose young dogs unused to ranch animals are at high risk . This unit operates at distances , and although the instructions say it may not work through buildings , it has done so for me . Im pleased with the ease of use , although it seems difficult to turn off at times .
 This collar completely changed our relationship with our miniature schnauzer puppy -LRB- 10 months -RRB- . Prior to purchasing the Dogtra collar , it was a constant battle when our dog was off leash . Even at the dog park he would wait by the door until someone would leave , sneak out , and run run run ! I was always having to chase after him -LRB- which to him was a fun game -RRB- , and to me was extremely frustrating and scary -LRB- I though he might get hit by a car -RRB- . Also , our pup would NEVER come when called . Even if we threw a `` puppy party '' or offered his favorite treats , he would go the other direction . The last straw was one day when our little guy got out the front door and raced across the street . Our pup ran over to a group of children and one child was terrified . The child started running and our pup thought he wanted to play and chased after him . The child fell and hit his head on the asphalt ! Fortunately the child was just fine , and the parents were understanding , but after this incident I knew we needed to find a new solution and fast.When I first received the collar in the mail I followed the procedures outlined on the Dogtra website :[ ... -RSB- -LRB- this information is NOT included with the collar , but I definitely recommend checking it out -RRB- . Our little guy responded to a stimulation level of 20 , by shaking his head and looking up . He quickly figured out that if he came when called he would not be `` nicked . '' I also quickly discovered that the vibrating pager function is usually sufficient to get his attention . We only have to use the `` nick '' when in high distraction situations -LRB- other dogs , kids -RRB- . SInce using the Dogtra collar -LRB- we have had it for almost 3 weeks now -RRB- our pup has not tried to run away from us once . I am now able to take him outside off leash and he comes when called.Not much more I can say-I am extremely pleased with this product and highly recommend it to dog owner 's who have tried basic training methods -LRB- positive reinforcement -RRB- and are still not getting the level of response they need from their pup .
 We have three dogs and 12 acres of land . Before the collars , they would take-off after fox or deer and it would be hours before they came home . We were concerned they would get hit by a car or shot by a hunter . We went to a trainer , Positive K9 , who suggested these collars . We had one 30 min . training session using the collar , and all our problems are solved !! A properly trained owner using the dogtra collar is a magician !!!
 My dog -LRB- medium/large sized -RRB- had serious obedience problem while going out and would get really excited and not listen to me . After putting this collar , he immediately started coming back once I called him and gave couple of nicks . Now I do n't even have to use this anymore since he listens to me immediately . I had a setting of 20 which was n't so harsh on him but it was enough to give him the message that he 's not behaving correctly . Anyways this is well worth the money since the range is quite wide and battery has also been pretty good . I 've used it at parks , roads and it works everytime . My only advice is that do n't use it too much and do n't use too high of a setting as it may scare him . That 's not how you train your dog . You are just trying to correct his behavior and not harming him . Also use it with a command like stop/stay/come so he can associate the shock with bad behavior and will be easier to use the command without the need for this device in future .
 I had to replace my PetSafe remote trainer . It finally gave out and I was never happy with it . The best rating I could give the PetSafe was a 2 . It was supposed to work to 100 yards and it barely worked to 100 feet . When it finally only worked at about 30 feet it was time to give it up . The biggest complaint I had about the PetSafe was not working to the distance promised . I just figured all remotes over stated the distance of their products but realized later that I was incorrect because my son had two trainers that worked the promised distance.I looked at all the reviews and found this was the only one where the majority of the people were very happy and no complaints about the item not working to the distance intended . Boy , I 'm glad we can give product reviews because I really counted on other users opinions and did n't purchase another PetSafe because of those reviews . I 'm thrilled with my new IQ 400 remote trainer . I needed waterproof and distance because we live in the country and sometimes my dog gets away from me really fast chasing something . The pager is very good , I 've gone out about 300 yards and it worked just fine . I also had my husband zap me at 300 yards and it will get my dogs attention without pain at level 30 . I have only had to use the pager since my dog was already remote trained and if that 's all I ever have to use I will be very pleased . I now know I will have no problem calling her back if she bolts away from me.I also love that this one is rechargable and the both the handheld and collar are very small and lightweight . It cost about $ 40 more than other trainers but was well worth the price for the quality . I highly recommend this product .
 Easy install across a huge opening . The center foot keeps the floor from getting damaged , but the gate is still low enough to the ground so my son does n't even try to get under it . We put two more eyelette hooks in an adjoining wall so we can either block off the kitchen or close up my son 's bedroom for the night . Folds down small , and can be swung up against the wall . Both my son and nephew have pulled on this and the hooks have n't budged .
 I am satisfied with the gate we installed on our front porch to keep our active puppy from going into the neighbors yard . It was easy to set up and as yet the puppy has not escaped.I would recommend this to others
 The gate is awesome . Just as described . I use it to separate my living spaces to keep the dog contained when the cat wants to roam . I know the cat really appreciates it . Thanks
 Great gate for kids and dogs . A little difficult to install with two people , needed 3 to make sure it stayed level . My son stands and shakes on it , it 's very sterdy
 We needed a gate to fit the opening between our kitchen and living room so we could keep the little ones out of the kitchen . It was fairly easy to install for my husband . The gate seems pretty durable . My almost 3 yr old has been pretty rough with it already . The latching mechanism is a little bit of a pain at times , but I guess that is a good thing . It means my toddler wo n't be able to figure this gate out like he has the other ones .
 This product is exactly what we needed to keep our dog out of the living room . It performed as described , was easy to install , and can be recommended with confidence . The rapid delivery from Amazon was a plus . JH
 I purchased this gate for my pet to use on my porch . This gate installed easily and works great . The price is very reasonable and the gate works just as advertised . My pet can be outdoors without worry of roaming or getting in trouble . It is peace of mind and safety all in one .
 We purchased this gate for the top of our steps for the dogs . A regular child gate was there previously and it looked like a giant fort . I give it four stars instead of five because there was a little difficulty with the installation . I am fortunate because my husband is very handy . The really nice thing about the gate is that it folds up against the wall and is not in your way when you walk past it . There is a metal support bar in the middle on the bottom so the gate stays sturdy . Not really for kids but great for pets . Especially smaller ones .
 This is one of the best purchases I have made in my home it seperates my two crazy hounds from the rest of the house but still allows them to roam freel . Thanks GMI for a fantastic product .
 This gate proved to be sturdy enough to span the wide opening off of a deck . The slot floor support in the center adds to the strength . Can not be opened by a small child .
 OK , it has been over 2 years since we bought this gate and it is still standing ! We used it for my mother 's visiting dogs , keeping kids out of the kitchen and in a doorway ! Very flexible and simple for adults to open and close .
 I just got new carpet and furniture and wanted to ` start over ' with my dogs -LRB- one aussie and one lab mix -RRB- . They have had alot of freedom and the result was a very soiled carpet and alot of pet hair , paw prints and slobber stains . My problem with an open layout home is alot of wide spaces . I searched for a long time to find something that could expand the width between my kitchen and living room . This 108 '' gate is perfect . I have tile floor in the kitchen so I couldnt anchor the center down , but it doesnt matter because this gate is so sturdy , I just latch it and it looks solid . It is tall enough that it hits the dogs eye level . They havent even tried to push through . It gives me time to clean thier paws and let them dry off before they come and join me in the living room . They have thier own comfy beds they like so much , the dont even try for the furniture . So far we are a slobber , paw print and hair free zone in the places that make my house a home . Very awesome product !
 This is a good expansion-type gate if you have the proper place to mount it - it has to be mounted on either a stud or wood frame to be sturdy enough . Also , know that this gate does not fold up all the way or can not be pushed flat against the mounted surface . It will stick out about 18-24 '' from where it is mounted so make allowance for that .
 This product is wonderful in keeping children and/or pets in certain areas or away from other areas . I have a very wide `` doorway '' between my living room and dining room and this gate works perfectly for me ! I ended up needing an extra set of hands to help me install it -LRB- I think because the gate needed to be so wide -RRB- as the gate kept flopping over and just made it very difficult to measure and place the screws , etc. . But once it was installed I immediately loved it . : - -RRB-
 I was n't sure how it would work out - the distance I needed to cover was over 12 ft. We attached the 60-inch expansion to the 108-inch expansion and incredibly , it all works like it was made for it . This is a remarkably flexible product , easy to install and even easier to use . Very handy when it swings out of the way . EXCELLENT !!!
 We bought this gate to keep our 2.5 year old in her room at night . It just barely fits our standard doorway , so we had to attach it to the door frame on each side . It 's very quiet to open and close in the middle of the night . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and I can step over it to get to my daughter if I do n't have a free hand to open it . We 've had no issues with pinched fingers , or any injuries . It also keeps the cat out of her room which is an added bonus . It is a very solid and safe product . I would recommend this to other parents .
 10 months ago we purchased a 108 inch GMI Keepsafe Expansion Gate.I installed the gate outside on one of our decks to contain our dog . The gate worked great . A few days ago after a rain storm I opened -LRB- compressed -RRB- the gate and cracked one of the vertical slats on the gate . I had not noticed that the wood had slightly expanded because of the rain making it difficult to open.I contacted Customer Service and explained my problem . To make a long story short GMI is sending me another gate , I just have to pay for shipping.Needless to say I was plesantly surprised at the consideration given me by this company . This is the type of service you always hope to get but most often never find .
 GMI sells the only large expansion gate I could find to cover a very wide porch doorway . I needed something to contain my two small dogs and am very happy to have found this item . I have a Madison Mills expansion gate in the living room that is perfect for that spot . It 's made of smaller pieces , moves and latches easier , but this one is sturdy -LRB- without the extra pieces for stability that block the view -RRB- and worth keeping . Because of my dogs , I 've own a variety of collaspible gates . But for wider openings and areas I frequently want to block off , I greatly prefer gates that will store in small spaces and swing out of the way . I would give this gate five stars , except the rivets are a bit too tight -LRB- may loosen , so that 's not a terrible problem -RRB- and the latch mechanism is functional , but stiff and somewhat difficult to use . That 's the one thing I would definitely change . *** -LRB- 3 weeks later -RRB- After about a week of continuous use , the gate was much easier to expand and contract . If it had been made differently , it probably would 've been too flimsy . The latching mechanism is still not my favorite , but I find it easier to operate now . All in all , a 5 star product . -LRB- I tried to edit the 4 star rating , but unable to do so . Best I can accomplish is adding this note to explain ! -RRB-
 My girlfriend is very concerned with keeping our dogs safe and sound , so we have bought several gates over the last few years . I even built one to save some money , but I learned that it 's just better to buy one that 's already put together.The Keepsafe Expansion gate is perfect for several reasons : It expands and contracts . Very nice.It swings on its hinges . Also nice.It locks . Right on.But , if my dog is so inclined , he can jump and climb over it . He is a fearless Dachshund/Chihuahua mix.To be honest , the gate is more for peace of mind than anything else , and it does its job great.It 's just not very attractive .
 We have been using this gate since May 2011 for our Goldendoodle/Labradoodle medium dog and it has overall worked great . The latch is a little - you get what you pay for - but it 's held up great to the dog jumping against it . We tend to leave it unlatched with the hook leaning against the latch so if she pushes against it the gate still holds . Overall a good gate for the extension and the money .
 This gate has been installed at the top of the stairs on my deck for 7 years . It still works perfectly and has stood up to 7 years of KY weather . I would buy this gate again , if I ever have to and recommend it to my friends . It keeps our dog from coming up on the deck when we are eating dinner , and keeps smaller kids from using the stairs when we do n't want them to . The latch is somewhat difficult to fasten , but that 's the point , is n't it ? To keep children from opening it when they are not supposed to ?? This gate does what it 's supposed to do , and has been doing it for MUCH longer than I anticipated it to.Would I recommend this gate ?? A RESOUNDING YES !!!
 This gate is used to separate the sun room from the living room in the house so my daughter has a safe play area in the sun room . It works as designed , however when installing , one may have to make some modifications so that it is securely mounted . When I initially set the gate up , I screwed the eye bolt which holds the latch directly into the frame of the arch separating the rooms . It did not take long for the eye bolt to wiggle loose under the constant strain of a near-toddler leaning against the gate . Unscrewing the eye bolt and reinstalling it with a wall anchor fixed this problem . The gate itself works perfectly , but prospective buyers should be aware that a trip to the hardware store may be needed for wall anchors as they are not included in the packaging .
 There are nicer , fancier gates on the market , but none wide enough for the space we needed . This gate is pretty basic but does the job well . Especially for the price .
 I bought 2 of these gates to put across my living room entrances to keep my dog out of the living room while at work . They work great and now my dog can go outside or come into the kitchen as she pleases . They were easy to install and expand easily . Thanks .
 We have 5 dogs and 2 Grand Dogs , 5 of them are labs or lab mixes . We needed something to deter them from impulsive getaways . Not that they do n't love it here . Some tend to think the grass might be greener a little farther from home . We use this gate on our front porch . It replaced plastic green snow fencing that we had been using for years that we hooked on to the posts with nails . Obviously this is much more eye appealing and we do n't have to roll it up and tuck it in the corner when not using it . It 's not as tall as the snow fence was but so far not one dog has attempted to jump it or plow through it and I 'm sure they could . It also deters the occasional door to door canvasser . We plan on staining it before winter and could n't be happier with our choice . It was a real bonus finding a gate long enough for such a reasonable price . It 's sturdy and was easy to install . I would definitely buy another and another and another . Great Gate !
 I had purchased this exact gate previously at a dept. store some 10 years ago when I got a new puppy . I was so happy to find another one on Amazon , and for a lot less in price . I find this gate to be most convenient among the many other types I have gone through because it is able to swing completely open for times when you do n't need the partition . The durability is awesome , and I would absolutely recommend this one . The one purchased 10 years ago is as new as my recent purchase .
 Purchased this gate to block an extra-wide doorway . It worked perfectly ... until one of our dogs ate through it . The gate is sturdy , though the wood is a little thin and is very easy to install .
 Ive been looking for an expandable gate for a while that can expand over a large area . My mother had a gate just like this and i was determined to find one excatly like it . the gate is very sturdy when fastened to wall correctly any bad review on here clearly doesnt have the gate fastened to the walls correctly.It is a little stiff not good for say around a fireplace but if you need a straight gate to block an area this is a great gate . -LRB- my mothers gate was over 30yrs old so it was more flexble for around fireplaces and what not , hoping this will break in -RRB- The gate keeps 3 yr olds and two 22 lb dogs out of the rooms i dont want them in no problem.The bad reviews on this gate saying its hard to unlock and so forth are NOT false but does n't one want a gate a child ca n't figure out and that does n't unlock when wiggled ? The gate is very easy to use after the 1st four times of understanding how it unlocks!GREAT GATE ! GREAT PRICE ! Would buy again in a heart beat ! my smart dogs can only open it when im lazy and forget to lock it . . stands alone when not locked due to rubber square floor piece that holds gate in place !
 This gate has good mounting hardware , unlike most of these expandable gates . It is not well shown in the pictures , but the hinge end of the gate actually has brackets with a round shape that acts as a hinge and allows the gate to pivot out of the way when not used . Most gates of this type simple have a screw eye , not a nice round mounting bracket . The screw eye type does not work well .
 The gate works exactly as described . It was easy to install . I would recommend this for anyone with kids and dogs .
 I 'm so glad I found this gate . It 's the largest one like this I 've been able to find . I have 2 dogs that I like to keep out of my living room while I 'm not home -LRB- i have a chewer -RRB- , but I have an open floor plan with a 102 ' opening going into my living room . Finally , I have a way of keeping my dogs out and not having to build a fort in my living room out of multiple baby gates . I can quickly and easily open and close it . I have my house back ... no longer feels like a kennel .
 No , it 's not the easiest gate to latch , but I do n't care . It works perfectly , it 's a great deal , it looks good , and it swings out of the way when we do n't need it . Highly recommended .
 The only reason this is n't five stars is that some of the components - latch , etc. - feel a bit cheap , and likely wo n't last . Other than that , this thing is great . Installation is really pretty easy , just need a drill . The instructions make the installation seem more complicated than it is.The design allows you to install either on the interior of the door or on the exterior , which I was worried about because the door frame was not wood . Win!It is the deterrent we needed for our two dogs , one 25lbs and the other a feisty 55lbs . Works like a charm .
 This retractable gate is perfect for our purpose , at this length , is not your normally stocked in the stores.If your looking for a retractable gate at this length , mount a 1x2 on the wall , then mount the swivel hinges & latch to the 1x2 for a soild installation .
 I bought the 84 '' gate to keep my cat away from the front door . He never tried to jump over it , but he did try to squeeze under . I got some fun noodles and filled in the space underneath , which worked effectively . The product is really nice the way it collapses as needed and nests against the wall . The one complaint I have is that some first-time users might not be smart enough to figure out how to open it . I had an old neighbor pull the loop up on the handle instead of pressing down , which tightened the spring permanently . Still works , but a little scuffed up .
 A well made gate , but make sure ur pet is not a chewer or else ur gon na have wood pieces everywhere .
 This gate was super easy to install , and is also easy to use . It 's good quality as well . I use it to separate my kitchen and living room , and it gets used for both dogs and a young child I babysit . It even came with a spacer to use when installing over trim , which I did use . I 've had it for several months now , and it works as good as the day we got it .
 This gate is AMAZING . It is sturdier than I expected it to be , and after almost a month of use , the wood proved hardy enough to withstand the chewing attempts of my 3 little poodle escape artists . Also , I discovered I can ` swing ' the gate to cover more than 1 doorway ! I installed this across the large open space between the porch/kitchen area and the living room . I can ` swing ' this door to also cover between kitchen and porch . Two for one ! -LRB- Also for you parents out there reading this - the gate is the perfect height for me , at 5 ft 6 , to step over , but it thwarts my 3 year old niece from going into the kitchen when we 're cooking . Win/win !
 I have a wide opening on my wrap around porch and a dog that we do n't want wandering the neighborhood . This gate was easy to put on , it fit almost perfectly on my old hardware . I did change the hardware for the new the new hardware supplied because the gate is outside on a covered porch and the old metal screws , etc were rusted . Easy one two three installation , fast delivery , it was in perfect condition with all of its parts.I did n't think I 'd be able to get this kind of `` accordion '' gate because I thought they were not `` child friendly '' but since mine is for a dog I do n't need child friendly so I was thrilled to find it . My girlfriend is buying one for her house too .
 good for very wide openings . very easy to install yes indeed yes sir uhhuh uh huhuhuh uhuh uhuh uhuh uhu
 We bought this gate to protect our new puppy . It was easy to put up and it does just what we needed.Thanks for a great sturdy product
 I bought this because it could cover a large distance . While it does that really well , it can be a little shaky & unstable when fully extended . The key word is LITTLE . I have a well behaved dog that does not jump on it or try to push it down . It does well for me though .
 We bought this to keep our large dogs out of the laundry room where the cat box is . It was worked well especially with the distance it has to span . One of our dogs -LRB- early -RRB- did try to chew her way through it and did some damage , but due to the design and length , I was easily able to repair and/or remove the chewed parts . No problems since .
 I use this gate to keep my German Shepherds out of my living room and off my new couches . The gate works fine and it was easy to install !!
 This is the third GMI gate that I have purchased . The quality is excellent and they are easy to install . They are opened and closed all throughout the day and swing out of the way neatly when not in use . I can gladly recommend these to anyone that is looking for an expandable gave this kind .
 fairly easy to install . no real complaints . i wish it had a color to it to make it look a little less raw .
 I have a very large opening between my living room and my kitchen that a regular gate would n't work on . This gate is just perfect to corral my 1 year old into the living room so that he 's not under my feet when cooking dinner . Wish I would 've bought this when my 10 year old was younger !
 Very easy to install and use . Latches well at top and bottom and folds out of the way . I installed it 12 inches off the ground so the dog could crawl under it . I have a husband with Frontal Temporal Dementia and need to keep him out of the kitchen and my way when I am trying to cook . I only stretched it around 60 inches . Is secure enough he will shake it and tell me it is blocking his way but it stays secure . Very happy it is working and I am at peace in the kitchen !
 Wonderful product.I have placed this in a double-door space - fits great within this large area and looks pretty good.Could not find this size any where else . Price was great and shipping was fast .
 I 've been using these gates on my decks for at least 16 years . There are very durable , easy to install and can be cleaned with deck cleaner . They last for years with reasonable care and they are a life saver for plants , furniture , rugs , anything on your deck that you do n't want animals destroying . I looked in all the stores in my area and as I should have known , Amazon had them . Thanks for a great online shopping website .
 I like this gate so far . I was fairly easy to install . Any difficulties were mostly due to the operator :-RRB- However , I am disappointed in the latch . It is extremely hard to open , especially for my eight year old daughter , and the gate is too tall to step over for either of us . Usually we just tuck the lower hook on the gate into the eye hook on the wall and call it good , but this makes it less secure when our puppy jumps up on it . It 's attractive enough , even unfinished .
 This gate is a life saver if you have a large walkway you need to block off . I love this gate , would recommend it to anyone .
 We bought these to keep the dogs contained when we are not home . They work great . Love the way they collapse and swing back when not in use . A little difficult to install , but I managed it by myself , so not too bad .
 This is exactly what we were looking for to block our 9 month old son from the kitchen . The opening we put the gate on is 82 '' . As per the previous reviews , my husband did secure the screws into the wall with anchors . The gate is perfect size and folds back easily . It is not difficult to open for us and it keeps our son where we want him : -RRB-
 This gate is great because you can close it when you do n't need It and it 's out of the way . It is strong not flimsy . I bought it to keep the dogs out of my living room .
 After many unsuccessful attempts to find a dog deterrent for my new couch , I decided to just block the dogs from the living room altogether . My living room is very long and narrow with an entrance of 112 '' . Even thought this is a 108 '' gate , it works for this space . The gate folds up nicely on the side of the couch during the day when I open up the room so it is out of the way . When I leave during the day or go to bed at night , I pull the gate out and snap it to the wall in two seconds . The dogs do n't even try to mess with it . The construction seems sturdy enough but it does n't get leaned against or jumped on at my house so this review might not help for those who want to try it for kids or more determined dogs . My dogs do n't bother with it . It is a perfect boundary setter .
 We need a good gate to separate two of our dogs -LRB- ~ 80 pound female Dobermans -RRB- in our kitchen who could break down just about anything if they really wanted but appreciate that the gate is a boundary they should not be jumping on to go get into a fight . Our male jumps over it and occasionally hits it a little with no effect on dog or gate . This is the best one we could find after blowing money on a few others . Well designed and pretty much as strong as this type of design will allow for general use . Wish we 'd found it sooner .
 Exceeded my expectations . Easy to install . Also it would be easy to adapt if you want a different open/close mechanism . Looks nice and seems very sturdy . We use it for a nine foot gap , yet it slides down to a very small size -LRB- fits behind our armchair -RRB- . The foot in the middle works great to keep it sturdy and easy to use .
 I purchased two and installed them across my garage door so my dog can be with me while I 'm working . I am able to un-hinge the gates and put them away if I have to . They are light , retractable , and can also swing away .
 Its very sturdy and well made . It works really well in keeping the dogs out of a room :-RRB- It fits a large archway which was good for us . Would buy another one in a heart beat : -RRB-
 Package arrived very quickly and came just as described . Had a feeling that the install might be a bit painful , but was actually very easy to set up and install . We have this on the front of our porch to keep dogs and kids `` closed '' in ... and it works great ... and looks good too . We are very happy with our purchase and this product .
 This gate was exactly what I was looking for and is serving me well . I use it outside as a dog gate for my yard . Easy to install and easy to take down and put away at winter-time .
 I needed a gate for my front porch . The opening is 77inches and every other gate that would be big enough was a lot more expensive . I didnt want anything too expensive because I only plan on using it every now and then when we 're relaxing on the front porch . I would still be outside with my son , I wouldnt leave him outside by himself , but I wanted him to stay on the porch and not run down toward the street . I installed the gate by myself . It took about 30 minutes . It would have got quicker had I had a second person to help hold the gate while I measured and lined things up , but I was able to do it alone .
 This item was purchased to replace a much flimsier expansion gate we use to keep our dogs contained to the front porch . Installation was straight forward -LRB- although the hot afternoon sun could have been a bit cooler -RRB- . The gate works as advertised , although it does get tight when the air is humid and the wood has expanded . My only suggestion would be to offer a model from non-expanding materials , like a composite , or even aluminum , for outdoor use . Our gate is n't exposed to much direct sunlight nor rain , so I expect a long , trouble free life from it.GMI Keepsafe Expansion Gate , 60 Inches
 This was the only gate I could find that would fit our large family room opening . It 's good so far . Stable .
 This gate was everything I was looking for at an affordable price . However , I use it outside , and when it get 's wet , it is tough to open . That said , I would recommend it . I have not seen a better product for the money .
 The gate does its job . It keeps my 45lbs pitbull in the kitchen area . She loves it cause I do n't have to keep her in her crate all day while I 'm at work . Easy to install and very funtional . I 'm glad I bought this gate .
 This gate was perfect for what I needed . Kept the dogs out of the new living room . Easy to install . Thanks .
 Shipped fast and was packaged well . We bought this to go on our front porch to keep the dogs safely contained . We purchased one from our local home improvement store and it was not 1/2 the quality of this one and only about $ 5 cheaper . We returned it and found this one which is the same quality as the one we had 10 years ago.I saw some reviews about the height being off . I find this hard to believe because the height will naturally go down the farther the gate is expanded so if you need a taller gate I would suggest ordering one longer than you need -LRB- it might work -RRB- or not ordering this type of gate . The gate is well made and the support in the middle really helps if you extend it the full width.I do not know if I would suggest this for a baby gate or not . I personally do not like this design for small children . I do like it for a pet gate.I also like the fact of it swinging open against the porch railings and not blocking any of the step opening -LRB- if placed correctly -RRB- . If you put this inside your home you may have to use wall anchors or find studs -LRB- if they are in the right spot -RRB- . The clasp is easy enough to open but would be difficult for small children . It is a little stiff to begin with but loosens up over time .
 I bought this as a temporary blockade to ` train ' a new dog to keep out of an area with a very wide entrance . Since I did n't want to make this a permanent feature , I did not use the mounts at all , and simply stretched out the gate and leaned it against the entrance . For a clever dog this would n't work and of course it would n't be a suitable solution for a child , but it solved the problem for my less-than-genius hound ! The fact that it `` compresses '' to a small enough size to quickly remove and throw out of sight when I have company is a big bonus . Great value too , especially if you need it for a temporary time as I did .
 We bought this to provide our cats -LRB- and their litter boxes -RRB- with an area out of our new puppy 's reach . now our new puppy is a teacup poodle . this gate was GREAT until he realized he could get underneath it with that darn `` stabilizing leg '' The leg intends to help to make this a sturdier piece of equipment , but it raised the gate up off the ground high enough our puppy could wiggle under it . we had to chop the leg off with a sawzall to make this work for us . If the leg was adjustable or removable our problem would have been solved , but we had to actually alter it permenantly , and now we have a jagged edge rubbing against our floor . I only hope it does n't tear up our floor before we come up with a better solution . the gap created by the diamond cut outs of the fence and the leg was in excess of 4 inches , and our little pup -LRB- and one or our cats -RRB- had NO trouble squeezing through it . if you are buying this for kids , it is probably great , or even larger animals , but beware if you are buying it for a SMALL dog . It was a little tricky to get installed low enough to the ground after we altered it , also , but it was manageable .
 I love the look of this gate . I installed it myself and it was kind of difficult getting the gate into the brackets I had to bend the brackets with a pliers I 'm not sure if that was how it was supposed to be done but it worked and now that it 's up it does exactly what it 's supposed to . I would n't leave children unsupervised trusting this gate as it does have a little give when pushed on by my 14 month old , but for a gate this long it 's pretty sturdy . Also you always have to make sure to watch pinch points with little fingers always trying to `` help '' :-RRB- overall I really like it and after a long search I 'm glad I decided on this one . I knocked off a star because of unclear installation instructions and because I had to bend the brackets but if your at all handy you 'll figure it out .
 We bought this gate for the bottom of our stairs , to prevent both a toddler and a dog from going up the stairs.The gate itself is made of what appears to be poplar -LRB- see below -RRB- , and in its 36 '' wide configuration , is sufficiently strong to block kids and dogs . Edges are finished nicely -LRB- no splinters , no snags -RRB- . It expands , collapses , and swings smoothly and quietly . In short
 This gate is very good quality to be a large 84 '' gate . I am a woodworker so I noticed right out of the box that the slats are poplar which is a hardwood so it 's more durable than a pine gate . I 've had multiple pine gates break over the years of opening and closing them alot . I 've always had dogs so I 've used them a lot for keeping them out of rooms . I was looking for something I didnt have to fumble with or step over to avoid using both hands to unlatch and latch the cheap wooden gates.It expands with very little resistance , making it great for walking around the house with an arm full of stuff . The instructions are pretty bad . Some better step by step pictures would have been great . Had I not been very handy I do n't see where it would be easy at all for someone to put up that does n't know their way around a tape measure very well . The latch is really useless . It requires very precise downward push and jiggling at the same time and pinched my wife 's finger pretty good the first time she tried to use it.Carrying a baby and trying to swing this gate open with your free hand using the latch is pretty much out of the question . We just hooked the bottom eye bolt and lift it up to open and close it . I am going to attach a different latch to the top to secure it when our kid decides she wants to start getting close to it . Right now it 's just to keep the dogs out of her area where she likes to crawl.But I love the way it swings fully or you can just collapse it a little then expand it back to open and close it . Either way is very easy . 5 stars for price and functionality . I do n't see the hardware being that big of a deal for me just because I have about 50 different latches in my shop that I can fashion up something for this easily . But for some people this may be a drawback , along with the pretty bland instructions .
 I got this for my parents to section off the family room from the rest of the house . They needed at least 8 feet . Before getting something more expensive , we wanted to see what their 4 little dogs would do once a gate was up.My dad said it was a little difficult to install , and that going through it throughout the day is a bit of a pain.They probably will get something more permanent in the future that has a walk through type door , but for now , it is doing what we wanted , which is keeping the dogs confined in the family room .
 I use this gate for my 40-lb pit mix to keep her in the kitchen when I 'm not home . Funny as it is , she could effortlessly hop over this thing in a heartbeat , but she does n't because she 's scared of it . While I generally do n't like my dog being scared of anything in my -LRB- her -RRB- house , if I had to choose something it would be this gate , if only to keep her from jumping over it !! While a little time consuming to install , it was pretty straightforward . The only thing keeping me from giving this product a 5-star review is the fact that no where in the description does it say that this price is for 3 separate gates in one package . While it 's nice to have 2 others in case of breakage -LRB- unlikely -RRB- I would have appreciated paying a third of the price for only one .
 I bought 2 of these - the 84 '' and the 108 '' for my mid-century modern home . It is the only product I could find that fit the openings in my open floorplan home.I know other reviews said it was hard to open/shut and install , but I had no problems with installing it or opening and shutting the gate . My 3 older children -LRB- under 10 years old -RRB- can open and close the gate without a problem , and I did n't even teach them how - they quickly figured it out and could operate it.I 'm very happy with the gate . We got addiitional `` eye '' hooks that screw into the wall to secure the gate when it is open - that way no little fingers will be pinched . This is very easy to do and you can get them at home depot .
 I bought this gate in order to keep our cats out of our finished basement area . The opening was 54 inches , and was between a regular wall and the edge of a stairway.This gate worked absolutely perfectly . I did n't even have a stud to go to on the wall portion as the instructions advised to use , so I used dry-wall anchors and the gate works perfectly , even at that distance.The operation of latching/unlatching is easy enough for my 5 and 8-year old boys to use.If you 're careful during the installation , you 'll have no problems putting this thing up . I did it with no help , though I probably could have used an extra hand for leveling , but I worked it out.The included spacers made it very easy for me to work out the portion that was going to be at the floor molding we have.Don ' t listen to the bad reviews . If you have an extra wide opening , and you do n't want to spend too much ... get this gate . I 've had it a few weeks and my young boys have been going in and out every day , and it 's holding up perfectly.Most importantly my pets are now kept out of that room!It 's wood so not necessarily the prettiest gate out there ... but that 's not what I needed.Enjoy !
 I received the package , but it was missing two very important parts . I called the company , and they immediately shipped out the needed items . I am very pleased with the product .
 I got this gate to keep my two dogs out of the living room when I was having a casual game day party . It is well made and sturdy . It does not have the floppy give and take of the old expansion gates so installation has to be pretty precise . The latch is a little hard to operate and , at least for me , requires two hands . On the whole , I am quite satisfied with the gate . I just wish the latch were a bit easier to use.Delivery was prompt and package arrived in good condition .
 This expansion gate is well made -LRB- in the USA ! -RRB- and included the proper hardware to install it easily . A nice touch is the inclusion of spacers for the hinges to compensate for mounting to a baseboard at the bottom and to the wall at the top . I like the fact that it is both retractable AND hinged so it can be opened and closed either way . I installed this at the bottom of the stairs to keep the dog from from coming up and it fits the bill perfectly . Installation took less than 15 minutes . You wo n't go wrong with this one .
 This gate is affordable and works well in a difficult spot - from the wall to a cabinet . I use the gate to confine my grandson to the kitchen area . The gate was fairly simple to mount but I was n't happy about mounting a permanent stabilizing clip in my hardwood floor . -LRB- There is a lot of traffic when the gate is not in use . -RRB- But because of the width of the gate , it is very necessary . The clip is fairly low to the floor and has n't yet caused a problem . The accordion style of the gate still makes me nervous -LRB- pinched fingers etc. -RRB- but I feel no baby/child should be left completely unattended regardless of the style of the gate . The clasp to secure could be easier to use , perhaps a different design . Overall , I am happy with my purchase .
 This gate went up in about five minutes on our deck . We 're using it to block off a limited portion for the dog while we 're gone during the day . It 's sturdy , flexible , and made of quality materials.Now , I imagine you could n't go leaning against it or using it to physically support an animal or child , but I do n't think that 's what gates are intended for , especially when it spans 9 feet . It 's meant to block off an area , which it does quite well . We love it - works just like it should .
 I bought this not for the typical indoor/baby application , but instead to use on our deck . Our deck has a 72 inch entrance from the yard , and a couple of our hens had taken to sitting on -LRB- and pooping on -RRB- our chaise lounges ! I stained it with a spray stain designed for outdoor furniture . When folded , it mostly sits behind a large planter , and even better will swing inward where it is less visible.This gate was relatively easy to install and the chart that recommended the lower bracket height from the floor was spot on . I did have to read the instructions more than onced before I began , but they were better written than instructions written in China . Anyone who has basic experience using a drill and screwdriver should be able to do this with a minimal amount of grief . My only grief was that I broke a drill bit on my fourth pilot hole , used a size up just a hare above the first holes and all was well .
 Gate came on time and is made in the USA !!!! I sat back and watched my wife install , so I love it lol .
 I have a wide open area at the top of my deck where stairs transition to the lower deck . I was having problems with deer literally climbing my stairs to get to the top deck to munch on our hibiscus flowers . I needed a sturdy expandable gate that did n't clash with my deck . This product did the trick . I stained it with the same stain as my deck , installed it , and could n't be happier . I give it five stars.Happy in Austin , TX
 I was very pleased with this item . It was very easy to install and works just great .
 We had been searching locally for an expansion gate that would fill the opening between the kitchen and living room to keep a young toddler safe . I preferred not having one that was a permanent attachment , but it has been great as our small grandson grew . He seems able to open or climb over most things so having this gate stable turned out to be the best thing!Our only disappointment was that it took over 6 weeks to get to us . We were told it had been out of stock . Meanwhile , our grandson kept growing and it was difficult to keep him safe . But we have fully appreciated it since its arrival ! It is high enough that even with my 5 ' 8 '' legs , it is n't easy to climb over ! The latch for opening loosed with time so my arthritic fingers no longer had their original problems with it . It was a good buy for us !
 This gate is very safe and practical . It adjust exactly the width of the door you want to block from children access . It stands firmly and support the constant pushing forces of the children trying to tear it down.Follow the instructions correctly and it will be an easy installation task.Summary
 This is exactly the gate I was looking for the top of my stairs ! It folds up out of the way when not in use to keep my 17 month old daughter at bay !!! It is sturdy and installed with great ease !!! I highly recommend this gate !!!
 This gate was easy to install and works fine for keeping our yorkie contained.The latch seems to confuse people at first but is okay . The support leg keeps it from sagging fine , but I wish it was a little lower . I think if he thought about it much he could find away to go under it .
 I love this gate . It is perfect for the bottom of the stairs . Love this gate !
 Excellent product to confine dog at night without using a rope . Only down side is that the latch is hard to operate in the dark . Remedy was to remove and replace latch .
 Easy to install , works perfect . Have 3 dogs , been working great since install last week.Will buy another to segregate the dogs from another part of the house . SUPER !
 Great for keeping the dogs out of our living room when we are working out or the baby is playing on the floor . I also like that is swings open so it is easily moved out of the way when we want the room open . My dogs respect it and my smallest has not tried to get under it ! Very pleased with this gate ! So happy I found it .
 We needed a gate the could be installed at an angle for a wide opening at the top of the stairs to our basement . We could not do a staight across install due to a low window so we found this gate and it works great . It is not directly at the top of the stairs so I am okay with the gate swaying a bit when my 13month old pushes on it . It is not my favorite looking gate but it will keep my little one safe . The install was a little tricky but we got it up in about 20 minutes . Overall I am very pleased and would get this gate again for a awkward space . I gave it four stars because it will pinch fingers if you are not careful when opening it .
 i have a 3 yr old that loves to run where ever she can go in the house and unfortunately the kitchen area -LRB- the worse -RRB- is her favorite since its a huge opening from the living room to the kitchen and dining area . Its about 90 something inch wide and at 3 she 's so curious . Scared for her safety i got tired of guarding the kitchen area so i found this awesome gate and had to purchase . once it arrived i just took it straight out of the box and set the gate itself up . the gate was in between a china cabinet and large tv stand in the living room area and 2 different refrigerators in the kitchen . Once my daughter started to investigate how to break through the gate , indeed she did . So i had to use all the extras that came along with it and the side with the lock works well but the other side is tied up to the china cabinet . lol . Its a small space between the cab . and fridge so i didnt feel like moving things around . No problems since . She tried to figure out the lock but no luck with that . YES !!! Although she tried to find a way to climb over this tall gate , no luck with that either . Product arrived within the date provided . Easy instructions but difficult time lining up screws into the frame . overall , GREAT GATE !
 was purchased for 76 '' doorway leading into a sunken living room to keep our dog out ... because its sunken , obv there is a step , the gate is expanded & sitting on the carpeted step , leaning against the wall on each end ... we havent needed to attach it , so I guess my review is not so great . But I can see that attaching would be fine if we end up doing so , but its really just a visual deterrent for our dog so we dont need to do anything that would be permanent . I do like the rubber stand in the center and can easily see the point of it if we attach to a wall.This is a great gate for the money ... even if it were more expensive it would still qualify as great . Gates out there in the real world are ridiculously expensive , and thats if you find one that works and suits your needs . I would give this 5 stars but thought that was over kill since i never attached it .
 This gate is true to it 's size 84 inches . It 's high and expands and collapses easy . It came with hard wear to put into the wall , but I just laid it against the wall , my dogs are to scared to even go by it !
 I had just gotten new carpet and had a 64 '' entry between my kitchen and living room . I have a walker hound , labmerainer , beagle mix and a mini chihuaha that I needed the gate to keep them from entering onto the new carpet . Works perfect ! They dont push on it , try to jump it or try to go under it . They have stood up on their hind legs propped up on it and it does n't give at all ! All the other gates this size was twice as much ! -LRB- Petsmart was like $ 120 -RRB- Love the gate and the price ! A +
 Good buy for the price.We needed a fold up gate and looked at alot of gates and very few covered the long length we needed . This gate worked fine and was reasonably priced . Also , when not in use it folds flat next to the wall so it is out of the way . It was easy to install . It is still too early to see how it will hold up to a very active 2 year old but we will see . Liz B.
 Great product !!! Great Price !!!!! Worked like a charm to keep out my 2 dogs out of my entryway . The dogs are over 100lbs . each and worked like a charm !!!!!! Definitely worth it !
 I purchased this gate for my dog and it is fantastic . I have a french mastiff , a turner and hooch dog . I needed to separate her from my friends beagle in the house . It worked out perfectly . I highly reccomend it highly .
 This retractable gate is perfect for our home . The gate quality is very impressive and I recommend to all with pets or kids .
 This expansion gate is just what I was looking for to keep my dogs confined to a certain area of my home . It 's there when I need it and when I do n't , it telescopes down and I can turn it to the side so it 's out of the doorway . The latch is a little stiff , but I can still work it with one hand . I ca n't say how it would hold up if your dogs -LRB- or kids -RRB- were to jump on/lean on it . My dogs , two bassets and a beagle , seem to respect it pretty well and do n't jump on it . Overall , I am very satisfied with this gate .
 The gate is exactly as described . It 's made well and sturdy , perfect for keeping my boxer confined to an uncarpeted area while we 're gone for the day . I was notified by email details concerning delivery , and arrival was right on time . I 'd recommend this gate and amazon.com .
 This product is really pretty sturdy ! And I like that fact that it is an accordian style gate . I 've owned other gates that were not as sturdy nor designed as well . It was well worth the buy !
 We have purchased numerous gates to keep our four labs from going upstairs or out of the kitchen when we are trying to eat . For those of you that have labs with a mind of their own you know what I mean . We have spent somewhere around $ 400 + in various metal gates and each time our 6yr old lab manages to take them clean off the wall and destroy them , yes , even the metal ones , allowing the rest to run wild while we are at work . I saw this and thought , you know this design has been around years , that should tell me something about how well it will hold up , although it sounds a lot for a wooden gate that does n't look much , but trust me it was worth the money . This gate went up easily and none of our labs have managed to damage it , take it off the wall or go on a rampage throughout the house . To be honest , if I knew it was going to be this good I would of paid double.UPDATE : This gate has been up since August 2009 and is still going strong , well worth the money , just wish I would of purchased this before the other gates and saved myself $ 400 .
 This gate works OK , except it is very stiff , so a bit hard to open and close . We are hoping it will loosen up with use . It fits the space very well , and keeps our dog inside without any problem .
 It 's a great gate , but this particular seller -LRB- Pro-Max -RRB- is a crook . Buy the gate from anyone else . Not Pro-Max .
 The above arrived much sooner than expected , was exactly as described - just perfect for the need -LRB- a puppy -RRB- . Contrary to some reviews , it was easily installed in minutes . Thank you . SrM
 Using for my Chihuahua 's . Could not find this type of gate in a store . At night I can stretch it exactly where I need it . Could not be happier .
 These sturdy wood gates have been mfg since the early fifties if not longer . It 's simplistic design is what makes it so effective . I needed a gate that could cover a 7 ft wide opening and this did the trick at a very reasonable price . Once installed , on the stud , it 's very easy to use . I love the fact we can close it off to one side and it 's out of the way when we do n't need it . This gate can be handed down to other people who just got a dog or had a child , it 's a wonderful product that is very well made .
 I bought this gate because the one I had broke in less than 30 daysThis gate is made of high quality materials and heavy wood , and assembled wellIf you need a gate , this one is greatI plan to buy another one soon
 I searched and searched for a gate to protect my Pomeranian from going off my deck , which has a large opening . Well this one works ! It 's sturday enough , she ca n't squeeze through the bottom and the middle floor guard prevents the porch from being scratched . This gate meets my expectations for the price and more .
 Pros : * Swings out of the way went not in use and easy to store and deploy because it is mounted to the wall * Can configure it two make two different sized pet areas ... By pulling across the laundry room door I can make the whole room a pet area , or by pulling it across the room , I can split the room in half leaving easy access to the laundry machines.Cons : * None so far
 not as sturdy as it should be but where are you going to find a gate this big that is ? works as its suppose to great buy
 THe gate is well build , easy to install and long enough to span the opening . Will keep the dogs and grnd children where they should be .
 A winner ! The quality is far above what I imagined - the wood and connectors/fasteners are solid , no flaws , and the gate works perfectly . We 're using one across our front porch entry and another at the side steps to the garden , so our german shepherd dog can be on the porch and the fence serves as a visual barrier that keeps her content -LRB- she could jump or barrel through if she chose , but the solid nature of the fence serves as a psychological barrier as well as literal one -RRB- . We ordered the 108-inch fences so that when they are spanning the 72-inch openings the `` diamonds '' between the wood slats are relatively small and the height of the expanded fence is greater - again , for that visual barrier idea . Installation was easy - but be sure to follow directions on how to measure the opening and where to put the brackets , so it opens smoothly and is at the right height . I explored several other gate and fence type options , but they were either much more costly or more awkward to open . The latch on these is very strong yet simple to operate . Highly recommend this product .
 I bought this gate to keep my 14 year old dog off my carpet in my living room . It works perfect for what I needed . My two daughters -LRB- 3 & 5 -RRB- have pinched there fingers when trying to open the gate but overall it is exactly what I needed for the opening between my living room and my dining room .
 this gate is wonderful for keeping my 70lb dog in his area , the wall mount system , causes little damage to walls and does the job well .
 Ordered on the weekend , received it mid-week . Quality ? Better than I expected . `` Old fashion '' made in the USA quality ! Clear hardwood , rustproof rivets , perfect for my front porch !
 nicely made , keeps my little dog on the porch , reasonably priced , the latch is hard to use could have been larger and easier to open but I am happy with it.the length of the gate was the important issue for me .
 I bought this gate anf the 84 ingate to keep my one year old out of the kitchen and I 'm very happy with them . The latch , once you get the hang of it is very easy to lock and unlock even my 4 year old can do it.One tip for instalation , make sure the gate is open when installing or the rubber stopper will not be level with the floor when locked .
 This is one of the best gates I 've found for containing our dachshunds . It 's easy to use , conveniently tucks out of the way when needed and most of all - gets the job done . The only think I 'd like to see improved is the latch mechanism ... it 's a little difficult to operate , being so small .
 Bought this to keep our two dogs and new baby in/out of family room . It stretches the 80 inches across to separate our kitchen and family rooms.Installation was tricky , but would have been easier with a second person . The instructions were also poorly written . I found it tricky to get the hinge side mounted so that it was level when closed . After botching the first installation , I ignored the part of the directions that said to have it opened all the way when marking for the fixed mounts . Leave it closed , make your marks , and go . Then extend it , make the marks for the latches , and finish.Overall , it does its job and takes the daily abuse of two dogs .
 We have a large doorway from the living room into the rest of the house and needed a fence to use for grandbabies and pets as well . We use this fence every day and it works great . It securely latches so the little ones ca n't open it and the dogs ca n't push it open either . It says to install it a few inches off the floor but because our dogs are little , we put it almost right on top of the floor so there 's no space between it and the floor and it works great . Highly recommend for use with children or pets .
 Installed at the base of my stairs so my son ca n't climb up them . Needed something that worked in limited space and was more convenient than a sliding gate that has to be adjusted every time . It 's easy to use and good quality though my genius Sister-In-Law ca n't seem to figure out the latch . My wife and I have no issues.When opening the gate , be sure that your child is n't holding on to it or they could get pinched . Have n't had the issue but figured I 'd mention it . Just common sense when using an accordion style gate .
 This gate works great to keep my dogs out of the living area . I should have bought it a long time ago . Very satisfied .
 Having a huge opening between our dining area and great room I needed an gate that expanded across an eight foot opening and could easily be installed and presented little if no storage problem when folded up . I use this gate to keep two large breed dogs confined to the kitchen/dining area and away from our other two large breed dogs while we are gone for several hours or at work . So far it has served it 's intended purpose well . The product was found to be exactly as described in it 's description . It would be great if it came in a finished stain , but that would probably also increase the cost . Even then I would have paid it as I find this gate to be just the item I was searching for . In time I might stain it myself if I really want it to match the interior woodwork in the home . Height wise I 'd have liked to have seen it be a little taller , but my dogs as large as they may be are not jumpers so it serves it 's purpose well at it 's present height . I 'd reccomend others to give it a look , especially if storage is an issue when not in use .
 This gate is very functional with no problems once it is in place . It takes two people to install it , partly because it is so wide . I 'm quite happy with it .
 My doggies -LRB- I have 5 small ones -RRB- pee in the house . We have taken to crating them at night and extending the time from when they wake up , till we wake up to keep them from running into the livingroom and tinkling on the floor rather than using the doggy door.It was getting really old and although we have baby gates everywhere they are only put up when we leave them home and we do n't want the house motion sensors to set off the alarm when we go out . But I got this gate and its made all the difference in the world.This gate was easy to put up , only slightly off the ground , not high enough for them to climb under , the diamond shape means our smallest dog ca n't scale it , because she used to with the traditional baby gate we would put up . Now that we have a gate that is fixed in place and easy for the kids to open , walk through , and close again , we find it is being used all the time , no doggies allowed in the livingroom without grown ups in there to watch them.We loved it so much that we got another one for the foot of the stairs , that way if they are in the livingroom they ca n't wander where we ca n't see them to try and take care of potty business while on the carpet.Its well worth the money and we got it in the mail super fast!Thanks so much !
 This USA made product was very easy to install , looks good , is well made and very functional . I use it to keep the dog in the kitchen overnight . During the day , it is folded up against the wall and out of the way .
 These gates are the best gates for kids and dogs!I run a daycare and have two rather large dogs!These gates are easy to install and are easily pushed out of the way when you do not need them !! I have had alot of different gates in my house/facility and these gates are the BEST !!!
 I use this to keep my dog from getting in the living room and onto the couches when we leave . My couch does n't smell like dog anymore , and I feel secure knowing that this gate is serving it 's purpose .
 I was hesitant to buy this as I was n't sure how it would hold up . Let me just say it has been a fantastic purchase - so much that we ordered 2 more to go in other areas ! We have large walk-ways and no gates were working and we wanted to block the dogs off from the living room while we were gone . This is great and when you are home it discretly tucks away and folds easily . The latch is not ideal for easy clinching but it holds very well and has been quite sturdy . We have 2 - 60lb labs .
 Perfect for the area we designated for this gate . It is a perfect solution to keep the dogs out of our bedroom area .
 JUST WHAT I NEEDED TO KEEP MY DOG FROM UPSTAIRS . EASY TO INSTALL AND FOLDS OUT OF THE WAY WHEN NOT IN USE .
 When we got a new puppy , we realized we needed to close off part of the house . This is a great product that easily folds out of the way when not in use . Only thing is the clip sometimes takes a couple of tries to get it closed . I think this is the design to make it more foolproof , but when my mom visited she had a harder time with it . Still , this is an awesome product .
 It 's hard to find the longer expansion gates . The GMI 108-inch Expansion Gate was just what I was looking to buy and at a great price .
 A great product ... helps insure healthy turtles and can prevent salmonella . -LRB- this seller is fabulous ... less than 24 hours from order to delivery !!! -RRB-
 I accidentially ordered only ONE of these so the cost was prohibitive , but if you have turtles you should have this in the tank .
 This is a superb cat brush ! I bought one and it was such a good brush I bought another to have in reserve . It is easy to hold with a rubber handle with raised grip spots and the bristles are both regular nylon bristles and longer plastic bristles with cushioned tips . The brush curve fits the contours of the cat and we often leave the brush on the floor with the cat and he enjoys ` brushing ' himself ! The cat gets a complete brushing and there is no fear of hurting their eyes or nose .
 I used this brush many years ago when I found it at a local pet store . However , it was time to replace it and I was unable to find the exact brush anywhere . I got lucky , ordered it , and my cat loves the feel of the soft rubber tips on his coat and skin . The brush does a good job , along with the use of a comb . I would recommend this product . My cat is short haired but is a big boy with lots of hair and the brush works well .
 Our cat loves his Christmas present which spares the house from his fur.Nicely designed to get the fur and scratch the cat .
 Goes perfctly with his dog house ! He likes it as much as I do ! It was well worth the money .
 I bought these fish treats for my cats for Christmas ... and they LOVE them !! As soon as I pull out the package , the cats come running . One thing , though ... I find the pieces of fish to be a little too big . I personally recommmend breaking them into 2 or 3 pieces before feeding them to your cats .
 my brothers cat would kill for these dried fish yummies . my neighbors cat did n't care for them , but she is of the finicky type .
 My new shelter cat who is an 8 year old strawberry blond tabby loves these which surprised me as he is a bit picky about treats especially if its not chicken . A friend brought them over for him to try . I will definitely buy these for him . Great price .
 I ordered these for my cat but she would not eat them . But that was not unexpected ... . she if very finicky ! BUT MY DOG LOVES THEM !!!!!! And I would assume these are very good for him . Full of vitamins and good oils ! I would recommend them as a treat for small dogs ; - -RRB-
 My dog loves this toy . She plays with it by herself and with me when we play catch . She also likes it when I hide the ball and tell her to find it . I like the ball too because it 's well made . It has n't lost the squeaker and it 's standing up to a lot of chewing .
 wish the ball was smaller . It is too big for my small dogs . It is hard to find these in stores anywhere . I put the toys to good use thought and donated them to a no kill facililty
 I just received this pink ball Vo - Toys Vinyl Spiney Ball . My dog lost her ball and I bought this one . She loves it . I love it .
 Fish do better in water that is not stagnant , therefore , adding an airstone not only increases the oxygen content of the water , but gets the water moving in a circular current . Moving water keeps debris from lodging on the bottom , and keeps the aquarium ecosystem healthier . Therefore , I purchased two 6 '' stones and have one at each end of my 55 gallon tank . The bubbles are fine -LRB- smaller -RRB- and give the aquarium interest . The stones attach to standard hose and run off an air pump.konedog
 I had a cylindrical sort of sponge thingy that used to emit just one plume of bubbles and was taking up valuable room in the 2-foot tank for the 5 fishes in there . This one rests on the bottom of the tank and I had to secure it with a stone . It emits a stream across almost the entire length of the stone and it 's beautiful . You can see more coming out of one end rather than the other . The kids love staring at the bubbles ! We 'll see how long it lasts . I know these stones tend to get clogged up after a while . I 'll have to do some research to see what I can do for periodic maintenance .
 This 6 inch airstone is perfect for my 29 gallon aquarium !
 This air stone is great . It puts out a nice sheet of bubbles , if that is what you are looking for .
 My fish love it - play in the bubbles ! Hooked it up , ready togo , easy to attach and kinda self-explanatory . Lol
 IT GETS THE WHOLE THING AFTER A WEEK OR TWO ITS BEAST BUY IT MAN IT DOESNT NEED GRAVEL SO MUCH IT STAYS DOWN IN MY TANK
 All I want to say is that I am really happy with it , and it not only gives a lot of oxygen to my fish but also it looks nice . The only problem that I had was that the bubbles were only coming from one side and not the other but I have managed to fix it .
 I 've purchased five of these now , because they are reliable and well-made . I grow hydroponic vegetables , and these stones aerate the nutrient mix . The plants , especially tomatoes , grow faster and healthier with an aerated nutrient mix . These are the best stones I 've used , so far .
 My 10 gallon aquarium had an oily film at the surface that the filter could n't clear up . I ordered the Aqua Mist 51/2 '' stone along with a Tetra Whisper 10 air pump . It works great , producing bubbles all along the surface -LRB- needs to be flat . -RRB- It is fairly heavy , and has edges that can be covered with gravel , holding it in place . -LRB- It can be placed completely under the gravel as well , but I have it level with the gravel surface . -RRB- I run it for a couple of hours a day , and the water is crystal-clear , has never looked so good . The fish look healthier , have great color , and are more active . The tetras love swimming through the bubbles , and the plecostomus will sometimes lie directly on it , fun to watch . It adds considerably to the current in the tank , and the fish are thriving . Great product !
 Rated 4 instead of 5 stars as the bubbles initially were coming through 4 or 5 holes . I had to take it out the water and literally blow into it , opening up more pores and now it looks great . The issue was n't with the air pump as I have a powerful pump and it was just the holes being blocked . I searched the internet on techniques to make this work and people had suggested submersing the stone in water for an hour before connecting it to the pump . For me it was too late and hence , I blew into it clearing the pores and its all good now.Also this comes with no instructions and hence , a slight struggle to get it to work .
 Very sturdy , good , even aerating ornament . I like the plastic that surrounds the ornament to prevent breakage . I have bought a stone before at local pet store without this feature only to come home to a broken unusable stone . I plan on ordering a larger one soon for my bigger tank .
 I have been using mine for a few months now and I like it a lot . It adds character to the aquarium . Its small enough to hide most of its body under the rocks.The bubbles created are bigger than what shows in the image . I 'm not sure if its my pump , but the bubbles do n't come out evenly across the whole stone either . I am using a 10 gallon pump , which should suffice but maybe a bigger pump would help.Overall I am happy with the product , I will be buying another soon to link in a chain . I will also be getting a bigger pump and will update to see if it improves anything .
 Lots of bubble , but that 's probably due more to my strong air pump . Bubbles all across the bar , the bar is bigger than I expected , pretty wide as well .
 Bubble stone , priced well . It will get clogged , all stones do , but since they are cheap replacement is no big deal . The bubbles are distributed pretty well , granted I 've never seen a bubble stone with perfect distribution but I do n't think I ever will . This product is as advertised , nothing more , nothing less .
 Ok when I first used this product it did n't work . So I let it run in my aquarium for a couple days/weeks and this works perfect . Good product just takes time to open up and release the bubbles .
 I 've had this stone for 6 months now , I 've not come across any issues . You can completely submerge it under sand , and it still works . I even sometimes put stones over it , and it will just change the flow of the bubbles , making them a little bigger and in different sizes . I sort of like it that way versus the normal tons of little bubbles way .
 I bought this air stone for a little one gallon tank , to go with an air pump for 5-15 gallon tanks -- not ideal , but I could n't find anything for smaller tanks . The air stone produces nice fine bubbles that oxygenate the water nicely and do n't agitate the water so much that the poor fish ca n't swim , like a previous air stone did . Air is only coming out of one side of the stone . For my purpose this is probably a good thing , but people with larger tanks may want to think twice about buying it .
 I really like these . They work very well in my fish tank and I would recommend them . They are much more flat than others I have bought so it made it easier to cover them in the tank .
 Go to youtube and copy and paste in300 Gallon Plywood Tank - Build and Advice - CheapestLook for the video made by redneckcomputergeakI built this tank using this part it works great and has held up great
 todo bien y en tiempo de a cuerdo a lo planificado el precio bueno y util para lo que lo compre.grasias
 Used it for a different application but certainly did the job and was priced affordable should last for many years to come
 nice product , with great looking and nice price . it 's hard for me find it at market , but easy at ebay . .
 The Aerating stone works very well and has added a nice look to the aquarium , oh yes and oxygen to the water for the fishies . The only thing is the bubbles it produces does n't look anything like the picture even when i turn up the valve , perhaps this has to do with the pump I 'm not sure . Anyway , it does the job !
 I could not pill my cat no matter how hard I tried Untill now . this Pill gun realy helps . It works !
 My two little dogs -LRB- one is 8 pounds and the other one is 10 -RRB- fit perfectly in this house . I bought the extra patio and they love sunbathing on it . The house is very strong and very easy to assemble . Nice looking and still looks good after a rough winter .
 My two little dogs -LRB- one is 8 pounds and the other one is 10 -RRB- fit perfectly in this house . I bought the extra patio and they love sunbathing on it . The house is very strong and very easy to assemble . Nice looking and still looks good after a rough winter .
 Bubble Stones are more than just a pretty addition to an aquarium . I bought two of these and placed them in the back of my tank . Those keep a slight circulation going counter-clockwise in the width of the tank and keep the tank well aerated , which is crucial to healthy fish . You just can not over aerate or over filtrate a tank . Plus , bubble stones or bubble wands are fairly inexpensive , but this is a great deal ! Try to buy silent air pumps .
 works great , I buried it under 10 cm of gravel , so the bubbles kinda stick together as they pass through , so it looks even better , never clogs . The only pain is that it floats , so you 've got to really fasten it or bury it like I did .
 I ordered two of these for my 30 gallon fish tank , they 're very nice airstones !
 I 've been using this produced for almost 2 years now , All of my birds look great , and are in great health . plumage is very good . I will continue to buy this seed . and i also recommend it to my friends .
 Our parakeets are happy to eat this seed blend -LRB- along with Harrison 's pellets -RRB- . The food arrived fresh with an expiration date well in the future . Good price too .
 After doing research to determine the best UVB bulb for my Beardie 's 55 gal habitat , I purchased the Zoo Med ReptiSun 10.0 from Amazon at the lowest price I was able to find . Great bulb at a great price and Amazon 's speedy shipping made the purchase even more favorable !
 My 18 inch Bearded Dragon loves it , I guess , he does n't talk much ... ok , at all . It illuminates the cage well and is supposed to help keep him healthy , so only time will tell .
 This worked really awesomely for my bearded dragon . It made him more lively and really brought out his colors , and he seemed overall just a happier dragon after putting this bulb into his tank . The only problem I had with it was that it burned out after less than a month of use , so I had to contact Amazon for a replacement . I would n't use any other bulb .
 There are only 2 ways to go if not using MVBs for your BD 's . Arcadia 's 12 % UVB-D3 + HO fluorescent tube ; or this ReptiSun 10.0 -LSB- 10 % UVB -RSB- tube . Both are excellent . While Arcadia is considered the absolute best it is more expensive and requires a HO fixture . Also , Arcadia is only available from 1 place in the US that I am aware of , while ReptiSun can be found all over.You can not go wrong with either choice honestly.stop by beardeddragon . org
 After doing my research , I discovered that this was THE bulb to buy for a bearded dragon . Every bearded dragon owner that I spoke to or read about online mentioned the ReptiSun 10.0 bulb . Needless to say , I have joined the list of beardie owners bragging about this bulb . It 's bright , and my beardie loves hanging out below it on his leaves , just soaking in the UVB . Definite must have for any beardie owner .
 I Own 3 Bearded Dragon Babies that are around 4 months old and for now all 3 are in a 20 Gallon Long tank together !! The Zoo Med Repti Sun 10.0 High Output UVB Bulb Is awesome it covers the whole tank , so even if they are down off there climbing log they are still getting the UVB They need !!! I Definitely Recommend it to anyone who has reptiles or any one in general !!! It is worth every penny to have Healthy , Happy Reptiles !!! Thank You Zoo Med !!! Jud Twiddy
 My red-eared slider seems very happy with this lamp . The UV rays from this tube are beneficial and she stays under it for hours on end . I recommend this lamp for your reptiles , etc. .
 I have a 8 yr old 12lb redfoot tortoise `` SAGE '' that i have had since she was 4wks old and the size of half a hardboiled egg . . I did my research and know how important UVB is to her health since she is kept in a indoors without real sunlight . . I have always used this lamp replacing it every year with a new one . Sage has a perfect smooth shell with no scute deformity at all and is very healthy and active . . I will continue to use this lamp for her . Better price on amazon than in the local stores and shipped to my door . . PERFECT !
 These reptisun 10.0 bulbs are the best in my opinion for reptiles that require lots of uvb rays . If i bought these at any of the pet stores in my area I would have payed a lot more over the total i payed for these . I highly recommend these bulbs .
 One of the best UVB bulbs on the market . The one petshop I found that had these wanted $ 50 for it so buying it off here saved me a great deal of money . I was worried about shipping a bulb as they are fragile but it made it in one piece due to great packaging on there end . I purchased a standard housing for it at Walmart -LRB- about $ 10 -RRB- , took the plastic cover off -LRB- less obstructing of UVB -RRB- and mounted it inside my 40 breeder tank . Definitely will purchase again as they are to be replaced once a year .
 This is the new ` skinny ' style energy efficient bulb and it did not work in my old style fixture . My old fixture used a fatter around light tube . This new tube plugged into the old sockets , but did not light up . Once getting a new fixture , it lit up just fine . I do n't know how necessary UV-B is for my iguanas , but the lizards are doing well so I use it . I was concerned about breakage shipping this bulb , but it arrived undamaged .
 I love it . I use this for my bearded dragon and he 's been a lot more active . At least for a good month until he went into brumation . Otherwise , it 's a great source of uvb so your bearded dragon does n't get metallic bone disease .
 I guess I 'm cheap -LRB- or poor , which might be what makes me cheap -RRB- , but I just find it a bit hard to consider a single bulb worth $ 20 + , but then again the price is n't what I 'm reviewing.I bought one of these bulbs before , and with these type bulbs you must replace them -LRB- even if they are n't burnt out -RRB- at regular intervals of about 6 months . They will continue working , but not producing UV radiation at the required levels.I 've been using them in my bearded dragon 's tank since October 2011 and he 's still doing fine . The bulb works and does it 's job , the lizard is healthy , it arrived well packed and padded to heck and back with bubble wrap -LRB- which I appreciated -RRB- . I ca n't see a reason not to give 5 stars .
 Love it . Best uvb bulb for any reptile , but bearded dragons mostly . I have it in an under the counter wall mount inside my beardie 's tank , and voila ! The perfect set up for huge growth . Nothing compares , hands down .
 I had done a lot of research before purchasing any UVB bulb for my tortoise 's enclosure and this was by far the most recommended flourescent strip light . You do n't want to necessarily go for the cheapest with something like this because quality definitely matters and ZooMed ReptiSun is the finest quality you will find at this decent of a price .
 I use them for years to provide UVB to my Bearded Dragon and she seems to get some benefit from it . No MBD and healthy as can be . Should not be used as the only light source as they are just to dark . Also glass or tight metal mesh screens will filter a lot of the UVB out -LRB- glass I think 100 % -RRB- . Best results with a reflector , also they need to be changed every 6-9 months as the UVB output diminishes .
 I really like most Petstages toys , and even though MY two cats do n't seem very interestd in this , someone elses cat might . It is made well and I feel safe leaving this out as they can not swallow any part of the toy .
 I purchased this for my 8 week old kitten who is still in his chewing-on-everything phase . The interesting thing is when I put it on the floor my six year old Persian snapped it right up and began chewing on it and tossing it up in the air . So far the baby has n't shown any interest in it , but my older guy loves it . Guess this is more of a personal preference type toy than an age oriented one . Well made and colorful .
 My cat goes through TWO of these a year ! She loves chewing on them for 10-15 minutes at a time . It 's excellent , and I believe it helps clean her teeth by chewing it . She gets one of these every Christmas and again for her birthday 6 months later !
 I 've used these seed pods -LRB- I got the holder the first time I ever purchased them -RRB- many times with my Drinkwell Pet Fountain . They grow quickly and my cats do enjoy chewing on the fresh greens . The only problem I ever have is that they tend to make the water/bowl kind of slimey . I clean it regularly so it 's not a huge problem . I also found that if I rinse the seed pod off every couple of days it helps . Again , not a big issue . And my indoor cats do enjoy having access to greens .
 I am hopeful that my two cats will enjoy the fresh greens from this product howwever I have n't installed it yet .
 Excellent product and excellent with your fountain . Easier then planing cat grass in dirt or buying the already grown grass . Easy to maintain . Lasts longer then other options . Cats really enjoy it and grows quickly , lasting longer then most other products . I would recommend it for anyone that has a fountain and cats .
 Just the perfect thing for cats and their Drinkwell water fountains . Item arrived very , very quickly and in great shape .
 For some unknown reason our cat stopped using the Drinkwell and went back to his water bowl . We know he loves cat grass and since the Drinkwell was not cheap we decided to purchase the Aqua Garden Seed Pods to see if it would entice him back . Well it worked ! He loves the grass and now he is back to drinking from his Drinkwell . We are totally pleased .
 Once I grew the grass , I tasted it just out of curiousity , and guess what ? I went and ordered 10 pounds of seeds for myself . This stuff is delicious . I do n't mind trimming the roots and have n't noticed an increase in slime or anything yet . Do n't know if the cat is eating it or not , but I love the look of the green shoots growing out of the fountain so I plan to continue using these pods -LRB- more for my pleasure I guess , than the cat 's ... -RRB-
 I got one of these for my 5 cats , who love their drinkwell fountain , and they now love the cat grass addition . It did n't last really long - just a few weeks before they 'd eaten it all and it stopped growing . The roots take over about half the bowl , but the cats did n't seem to mind . I love this for the wintertime when the cat grass I grow outside dies for the year .
 It 's really sweet for pet fountains , it looks cool , and the cats love it . :-RRB- Good value , hard to get item .
 Interesting product ; great for indoor cats in the snowy winters ; will order more
 I have five cats and 2 Drinkwell water systems . When I saw this new Drinkwell Aqua Garden I was excited . Now my cats can eat grass whenever they want . What a great idea !
 Cats like to eat grass , wheat grass is supposed to be good for cats , The system comes prefilled with seeds and sets against the side of a small drink fountain . They germinate quickly and the grass grows green and beautiful . BUT my darned cats want nothing to do with it . How about catnip seeds ?
 After searching all local pet stores , I finally gave up and ordered the Drinkwell Aqua Garden through Amazon . The seller , Debnroo , processed the order and delivered within 2 weeks . The garden with seed pods snaps onto the Drinkwell fountain and grows in just a few days . In a week , the stalks were 2 inches tall . My cat loves the wheatgrass and it actually prompts her to drink more water while she 's nibbling the greens and batting at the fountain . Not to mention , she 's less apt to gnaw on my plants!I highly recommend the Aqua Garden and Debnroo .
 before I figured a way to fit it to my fountain , the cats would run off with it . . so I know they like it , I was glad to know their were refills , so I bought them with the aqua garden .
 these work well only a few days till i have green grass but the kitty tends to pull on it and it does not fasten to the fountain so it lays on the floor in a puddle , otherwise it works fine it needs a way to fasten on to the fountain , ,
 Loved the concept . It grew immediately . The only problem is my one cat Sebastian -LRB- aka Lucifer -RRB- thinks it is some kind of toy and keeps knocking it out of the water bowl . I have yet to see one of my cats eat it because it keeps getting knocked out . However , I like the product , I like that the seed pods are readily available at Pet Smart and am going to try some sort of solution to keep the holder locked in place so my cat ca n't take it out.I recommend it because its a good things for cats who do n't go outside to get their greens , which they love.PS
 I did n't think these things would actually work , but low and behold they grow like crazy ! With just a small amount of light they produce and amazingly thick little patch of grass . As a side note , the planter these go in are not for the platinum fountain , but it still fits along the front side of the bowl . One of my cats likes the grass a lot while the other just ignores it . Not the grass ' fault she 's picky though . :-RRB- All in all , wondeful product !
 this is a very good idea for all of us that perhaps dont have a garden or no place for a plant , my 4 cat love it , and they really grow fast enough , in 3 to 4 days you will see them growing . the only thing i will recommend is to check water level -LRB- as indicated by the manufacturer -RRB- because it goes down really fast .
 I purchased these seed pods to clip onto my drinkwell aqua pet fountain . I had no problem with the clip , and assembly . It took a few days , as described , to see the grass and everything seemed to work well . My cat has n't taken any notice of the grass , so really not much point to it . I know some people had complained that their pet had ripped that grass out - not a problem here.I will probably not invest in any more as with my cat not liking them , I think she might be drinking a little less water , and your fountain requires cleaning more often with them in.I guess you will not know if you cat likes this stuff before you get it , but if they do , its a solid product and works as described .
 I 've had the hydroponic garden for a few weeks now and so far I prefer it to growing the grass in dirt . My cat is a digger and will spread the dirt all over the house , so the hydroponic option is much tidier.It does require that you clean the fountain at least once a week -LRB- as per the instructions -RRB- and rinse the seedpods well after removing them from the packaging . I did n't notice these instructions at first and a slime quickly built up -- it was less pronounced after the initial rinsing . Like other reviewers , my cats are n't bothered by the roots.You can start a second seed pod in the back of the fountain while the one in the basket goes into decline to shorten the period during which your cat is without grass.My main disappointment is that the fountain only comes with a clip for one basket . Originally I imagined I 'd be able to have two going at a time.I was pleased to discover also that you can remove the top from the plastic pod cases , but I am having difficulty getting the cat grass seeds I 've refilled them with to sprout . If they have their own super variety of cat grass it would be nice if they could sell that in bulk rather than wasting all that plastic on individual seed pods . Also , when the pod is refilled with my own cat grass seeds there is no slime , which leads me to believe it must be caused by something added to make the grass grow better . And if there is something added , I 'd like to know what it is .
 This is a nice product ; I have 5 cats so it was put to the test . A great way for indoor cats to get their greens .
 My kitties love the hydroponic grass that grows from these seed pods . The pods stay secured in their holders , and the grass sprouts in days .
 This is a fantastic pump . It pushes a lot of water and holds up very well over the course of time .
 Pretty good pump , ca n't beat the price . A little to powerful for a 55 gal tank .
 This pump performs very well the only thing that is missing is a water flow regulator . The price was very reasonable . Great unit .
 Length :
 This has been our two 11 year old cats ' favorite toy for years now . I highly recommend the feather replacement wands which used to come standard in the package -- but I 'm not sure they do now . I always track the feather wands down as they are well worth it . The cats do eventually get so in to the hunt that the wands will need to be replaced and the feathers especially appeal to their bird hunting instict i think . You can set variable speeds by turning the red knob if you want to start your cat off slower . My 2 indoor cats like it full speed and it 's great stimulation for them . -LRB- I did buy another brand 's version of this toy once as a second toy for my cats and neither cat would play with it so after a year i gave it away to another cat who did n't want it either . -RRB- This one 's AWESOME !
 We purchased this for our 2 kitties . It was a little confusing to put together , as we did n't realize you have to take off the round cover on top first . But as soon as it was all set up , they went crazy over it !!! It was the most hilarious thing to watch ! Both of them continued chasing the black bird/mouse-looking toy on the end as it bobbed , spun , and flipped all around them for nearly an hour ! This toy was a bit pricey , but we feel it was definitely worth it !!! We have never had a kitty toy that kept them this entertained and interested for so long ! You wo n't be sorry if you buy this !
 My cat likes the ` talking ' ball and the jingle ball in the track pretty well . She seems totally uninterested in the twirly bit at the top . Oh well . I buy a lot of toys for her and she is interested in about half of them . I end up donating the toys she does not like at all to the local rescue groups . They have enough cats to be sure to have a few who love the toys . I just shake my head and try a different toy .
 Our kitten likes to play with this toy . We learned you can speed it up by rotating the on/off button so now it flies around and gets kitty to play .
 I was lucky enough to get this toy at a steal thanks to it being discontinued from a local pet store . I brought it home to our new 1 year old kitten and he has n't stopped playing with it since -LRB- it 's been 7 months -RRB- . Unfortunately he has worn it out , and I 'm now searching for a new one . Ca n't believe how expensive they are , but our little guy is well worth it . Especially when he 's nosing around for something to get into . Just set it for 15 minutes and he 's preoccupied .
 My dog is a very picky eater but he just loves Nature 's Variety Raw Instinct Grain Free Chicken Dry Dog Food . This is the first dry or wet dog food that he would actually eat on his own . Before we found Nature 's Variety , we would have to almost force-feed the dog . All those problems are now over .
 Our beagle loves these because they 're ... well ... because she loves anything that represents F-O-O-D ! We love them because they are just enough for a `` good job '' treat and not enough to make our sweet , overweight gal any fatter than she already was when we got her from the shelter . A great , little , pocket-friendly morsel for the `` good potty '' reward .
 So happy to have found these on Amazon . I buy several at a time and keep them in freezer.My small dog loves these and they are only 1 calorie a piece , which is great . Recommend ... I also use this and my dog loves it , Watts Natural Pet Care - Skin and Coat Remedy - 2 oz.And these flushable bags work great , Got ta Go Green Biodegradable & Flushable Earth Friendly Dog - Pet Waste - Poop Bags - 50 Bags . So happy to find these all in the same online outlet . Saves me time and money .
 My dog loved these treats ... they 're small and very tasty as evidenced by the voracity of his consumption.I do n't know why they were discontinued , but Dexter sure wishes they were still around .
 Small , low calorie treats that you do n't have to feel guilty about giving to your dog ... he seems to really enjoy the taste .
 These low calorie treats work great for training aids or just as a treat for the dogs . Especially good if you have an overweight pet since they are only one calorie each !
 These are great , low-calorie treats for dogs ! My puppy loves them , which makes me happy that he like 's something that 's not really fattening !
 The only words to describe this product are fabulous ... low in calories , great taste , dog loves , etc. . Wish I could keep enough of them around to satisfy my 65 pound Wheaten terrier . Unfortunately , Petco gets only a few items per month and PetSmart never has them . Would like to order directly from company .
 These little guys fit perfectly in the crevices of `` Puppy Kong teething stick '' ... while I do n't have the other toys I would imagine it would also fit well in any of the Kongs that have ridges suited to the regular Kong stuff 'n `` pastes '' ... however , these treats , being solid and not paste , make our puppy actually chew on the teething stick , rather than just lick it a bunch . Which is great ! So big thumbs up from me .
 This reminds me of kibble but my babies enjoy it . I have to break it in half for their little mouths -LRB- puppy Chi 's about 4 pounds -RRB- . The description says it 's great for training which is probably true for larger dogs but it takes a bit of chewing for the small ones . I would n't recommend for small dog training.They enjoy it otherwise .
 We recommend this product . We use it regularly - but sparingly and our puppy loves this little ` reward ' .
 Same product that I get at the Vet though much better price . I break it in half and put it my dogs food and it is well tolerated .
 I have a Bichon with what my vet calls loose knee caps and sometimes she wo n't do stairs . I think this product has been helpful as she does n't have the long spells where she refuses to climb stairs any more . However once in awhile she stands at the bottom of the steps and yelps for helpbu it is a one time thing and I think she is just pulling my chain .
 I am very happy with this product , you ca n't beat the price . I 've had mine running for one month now with no real issues besides a little bubble lock .
 i came home from work and caught my kitty watching it 2 days in a row , so i always leave it on for him . the sounds of the birds are also very soothing . it 's worth it if you can buy it used .
 Of my three cats , only one watches TV . I got tired of leaving the Weather Channel on for her , so I got this . She loves it . Her favorite is the laser bug . I swear the bug 's buzzing noise is made by a teenage boy , which cracks me up , too . The bird cinematography is lovely . And I get a kick out of the Cats at Play section .
 My cat watches it and seems very amused . However , I think you need to have a cat that was already into watching TV . My cat already liked to watch movies and stuff . She likes this better than our movies but She only watches it sometimes . She 's not quite as enthusiastic about it as the cats in the preview . So , I 'd say if you know your cat watches TV and is fairly active , go for it . The loop feature is great ! And if your cat is not that attentive , hey , at least it was n't a very expensive cat purchase and it ca n't hurt . : -RRB- I really like the product .
 My cats watch this DVD when I 'm gone for the weekend -LRB- that 's really the only time I put it on for them -RRB- . I feel like it keeps them busy . They like the bird segment the best . I 've put it on while I 've been home , and they were pretty attentive to it then , too .
 just what i was looking for , the color is great , fits my dog wonderfully . incredibly fast shipping which was awesome
 My dogs absolutely loved these but I do n't know that they were worth the price paid .
 These nice and soft . Great for stuffing kong toys . My dogs love them !!
 I have two Chihuahuas and they LOVE this stuff . I wish I could afford more to keep tham happy , but it 's doled out in small amounts . Taint cheap . I stopped trying to fill the Kong item , I just hand them a treat by hand . The Kong item is a bit cumbersome for small dogs .
 I have purchased several of these over the past few months . We have a few pets and I want to make sure that there is no confusion as to whether the clips are for `` people food '' or `` pet food '' -LRB- the face of the clip has a picture of pets on it -RRB- . Clip is oversized and has a rubber edge that grips the food bag better than a regular clip . The spring of the clip is not as strong as I expected , but probably better for us so that our 3 year old does not pinch his finger when playing with the clip .
 We own 4 cockatiels and this toy has been our best find yet . They love to chew on it , climb on it , and hang upside down from it . It keeps them entertained for hours ! We bought ours at a local pet shop for a lot more than the price listed here . I 'm going to buy an extra one here now that I know they love it and its a great price .
 I purchased this for my 38 pound Australian Shepherd and it 's the perfect size bowls , I do however wish that the stand stood a little taller.I also like this vs other pink heart bowls where as most of them have rhinestones that I would worry about falling off and my dog eatting it.If your looking for something cute but not over the top , you are n't going to find anything better for this price .
 Bought this cage to house some large insects . It 's nice and sturdy , the mesh is strong , and pretty large for the cost . The zippers seem like they might get stuck sometimes but overall pretty smooth , and I doubt they will break anytime soon . Although it 's mesh , I was surprised how well you can see into it . Great for the price , and imo a much better alternative to the flexarium or explorarium .
 I recently purchased this product to use while my 11-lb . dog rode on my lap on a cross-country flight , as well as in cars at our destination . I appreciated its ease of use and rather solid construction . My only complaint is that the clip that connects the product to your dog 's harness appears a bit flimsier than I would like . The stationary side of the clip is solid , but the part that moves aside to allow the clip to fit over the harness loop is less solid looking than I would like . Overall , it made me feel my pup would be secure in a minor accident .
 This is easy to use and perfect for traveling in the car . Our dogs love it because it does give them more room than our last pet seat belt - they can sit , stand , or lie down with it on .
 These seat belts work great for my terrier in my jeep . Do n't have to worry about them falling out . Do wish they were just about an inch longer for a little more comfort for them .
 This product is really great ! It keeps my dog safe and gives him just enough room to move around and keep him safe at the same time !
 If your pet is traveling in the back seat , then the Mini-Connector attaches to a latch bar that is now required -LRB- standard -RRB- equipment on 2003 and newer vehicles . However , if you have an older vehicle , then you 'll need to use the Seat Belt Adapter , which is best used on a ` lap belt only ' seat belt , along with the PetBuckle Kwik-Connect Tether.And when your pet travels in the cargo area of your vehicle -LRB- because people are sitting in the back seat -RRB- , then you 'll need to loop the Seat Belt Adapter around the cargo area tie-down and attach the PetBuckle Kwik-Connect Tether to that .
 I had several car seats and they all had the latch restraints but the toddler seats do n't always come with the latch tethers -LRB- they just rely on the lap and shoulder restraint seat belt , but the seat moves -RRB- . I purchased the same kind of toddler seat and one had the latch and the other did n't . So I used this safety tether to keep the seat in place like the other model . Worked like a charm !
 My Standard Poodle wears an &#34; Easy Rider &#34; harness for car riding and the first tether I got for her hooked right into the seat belt latch . That was great . EXCEPT she would step on the latch and release herself so when we got where we were going , she was already loose . Not acceptable . So I got this one which attaches to a bar under the seat where she ca n't step on it and now she stays completely attached and safe ... not that I plan on wrecking ... but in a quick stop she is also protected . Great discovery . And she ca n't step up and balance on the console as my other ones have done . So much safer !
 I do love it except I really did n't have anything to connect it to in my front seat soI had to make some little changes with it so now it works but he ca n't move to much with it on.other then that I feel more at ease with him wearing it .
 This has been one of the best and most convenient canine restraint systems I have ever bought and used . High quality materials and so simple to use .
 Our dog is terrified of riding in the car and this is perfect to keep her calm and settled down instead of trying to jump out the window . We use it in our minivan that came with the tether system . Easy to use .
 I started my puppy out using this at 10 weeks and it 's been great . I put her little bed down on the backseat and strap her in . Cried the first time and after that it 's not a big deal . My husband tried to hold her in the car last night and she cried until she was able to get back into her bed and strapped in .
 To anyone who shares his life with a dog , this is a must-have . Two sizes for big and little dogs . It keeps your friend on the car seat where he belongs . It even works on front seats with the seat belt attachment . -LRB- Do n't put your friend in the front passenger seat unless your car turns off the air bag if something weighing less than an adult is seated . -RRB- If you love your dog , you must get this .
 works great whether in the backseat or in the cargo area of my SUV . I do dog rescue and I always have dogs traveling in my car , it 's held up just fine .
 This is a must have for me . I can drive with my windows open and not worry that my dog will jump out the window after a bunny ! Also this prevents her for coming up in the front with me ! Do n't forget that YOU NEED TO BUY A HARNESS to use with this . YOU SHOULD NEVER ATTACH THIS DIRECTLY TO THE DOG 'S COLLAR ! It is sturdy and made well !
 I used to drive around with our pug in the back seat unrestrained . I figured that since he was n't in the front seat he 'd be `` ok '' if we got into an accident . In retrospect , it was a healthy case of denial that made it ok for me to think that . Then I saw a news report with some especially disturbing computer rendered images of what might happen if the poor dog became airborne during a crash . As soon as I finished watching that segment , I came right to Amazon to see what my options were . This particular safety tether came with pretty high marks and it works with either the seatbelt or the LATCH system . Our cars have both.I chose to use the seatbelt option because it give the dog just an inch or more in legnth which allows him to get close enough to the window to feel the breeze . I thought he might complain a bit after having the run of the backseat for so long , but so far not a peep.Don ' t wait until tragedy strikes . This is an inexpensive , no-brainer for ensuring your dog stays put whether going across town or across country .
 I bought this for my last dog for the car ride when we relocated to Florida and still use it everyday for our next dog . It works great , is easy to attach and makes me feel secure that he stays in the back seat , -LRB- even if he wants to hang his head out the window -RRB- . I need another one for a tiny dog but this hook weighs almost as much as he does . I wish they would make a smaller version .
 We love these . Best ones we have ever used . Easy to install , our puppies adapted to having them on very quickly and were very happy to sit in their own bucket seat and be very happy and safe during our ride !! I am so impressed with this product . Others were clumsy and uncomfortable for our previous dogs . And I love that they are adjustable , so as the puppies grow , so can the tethers !!
 My 6 month , 30 + pound Boxer puppy is prone to getting carsick , especially when in a Kennel . This allows her to sit on the seat , safe and secure , while still having access to window for fresh air . I already had a harness for her -LRB- different brand -RRB- to take her on walks and this PetBuckle Kwik-Connect attachment works perfectly with it -- all I have to do is attach it the way I would her leash . The strap is adjustable and she can stand on the seat and lay down easily , without there being too much slack for her to fall off . The other end of the tether clicks easily onto hooks that are in the back seat of our truck . If she sits in front where there are no hooks , I take the second attachment -LRB- the one that looks like a keychain -RRB- and loop it through the headrest `` poles '' and then hook the the tether to that . Either way it is very easy to do and only take about 30 seconds . This PetBuckle has been a lifesaver in that she is finally starting to enjoy being in the truck . I just could n't get her comfortable being in a kennel and there are way too many parks to run and hills to hike to be hindered by carsickness .
 I like how it hooks up to the seat belt , the only issue I have is my lab/beagle mix puppy tries to eat it .
 I use it with Solvit-Car Safety Harnesses For Dogs , the best car harness around . It is well padded and comfortable for my golden retriever . Very few dogs are restrained in cars , and that is a shame . The Solv-It harness comes with a secure strap that is attached to the lap or shoulder part of a buckled seat belt . It works well but after nearly three years of strain on my seat belt it no longer retracts as snugly as it used to . But I discovered a different type of secure strap this one
 The dog harness I bought did not have a safe way to connect to the car . It was supposed to be looped through the seatbelt . In a side crash , the dog would be killed either by the side airbags or the force of being slammed against the door.This allows the harness to be easily connected to the LATCH mount , which has been in all cars since '03 -LRB- I think -RRB- . If you have n't used LATCH for child seats , MAN is it better than how we did it in the 90s !
 ... and my expectations were high . If you wonder if this will work with your vehicle , look in your car , near the point where your seatbelts go between the seat base and the seat back - if there is a hard metal loop -LRB- like a big D-ring but hard fastened to the vehicle -RRB- in the crevasse , then this will work . It installed in a snap and came out just as fast , but your dog is unlikely to have the dexterity to press the button and pull at the same time . If you 're hoping the tether will disconnect from the base -LRB- the black plastic part with the red button -RRB- and go into your standard seatbelt receiver , the answer is NO.This thing is solid . No plastic in the critical path of the tether ; metal latch , metal adjuster for length , and metal attachment to your pet 's harness . The extra piece is seatbelt material and probably sturdy enough to lift a small car.PLEASE use a harness with this product , not a choker collar or your pet 's everyday -LRB- just around the neck -RRB- collar . Sure , using it in this manner will keep your pet in the seat as you go down the road , but you 'll break the poor things neck in an accident .
 I really like this clip for the car . I use the part that connects to the anchor . I put my pup 's bed on the seat of the car and he settles right down . If he gets excited , he can get himself tangled , but usually that happens when we are parked and someone is getting in or out of the car.My only complaint is that the part that clips on to the harness is metal , so it gets hot when left in the car .
 this tether works great you can attach it to your cars anchor points or the seat belt , works great to keep your dog safe from sudden stops or god forbid an accident happens
 This is a well-made , easy to use tether . We never take our dog in a vehicle without using it . Gave one to a friend for her dog and they -LRB- she and her dog -RRB- love it too .
 The belt is to short , I was barely able to use it . I actually used it to secure my kid 's car booster to the car latches . It worked , but again , was a challenge .
 One end of the PetBuckle Tether attaches by a special heavy-duty clip to the metal latch anchors between the car backseat cushions -- the same latch anchors provided in all newer model cars to which child safety seats are connected . The other end of the tether clips to the D-ring on the dog 's harness . -LRB- Be sure to always use a harness on your travelin ' dog . Never , ever attach this dog seatbelt tether to the dog 's collar ! -RRB- The webbing strap and all buckle and clip hardware on the tether are first-rate . It comes in at least two lengths , 12-inch and 18-inch , although both sizes are adjustable . You will need the longer length to compensate for the added height if you use a booster seat for your dog . You do yourself , and your dog , a huge favor by going for this brand-name PetBuckle Tether .
 When I left my home to ride out Hurricane Katrina at my sister 's house , I had no inkling that soon we would be running for our lives . The next morning we were frantically fleeing New Orleans . I did not have my crate with me and Susie May , who is NOT a good traveler , was in her seat belt harness hooked to the PetBuckle Tether . We were in the car for ELEVEN HOURS straight and she was perfectly content and able to lie down and sleep or look out the window with ease . It was a godsend and is honestly the best money I have ever spent on her . I do n't know what I would have done without it !
 Works great ! I wonder why it took me so long to get one ! My dog does n't mind being strapped in at all and I know it 's so much safer than holding her on my lap ! Highly recommend this item !
 I had been looking for a way to keep my Golden Retrieve safe in the back of my sedan for a long time . A dog harness attached to a seat belt did n't work because she struggled and got herself tangled up . By attaching the tether to a latch bar on one end and her harness on the other I can prevent her from being a potential projectile or falling into the well in front of the back seat , while allowing her a little freedom of movement .
 The tether is easy to snap on both the dog harness and the child seat anchor which is common in the back seat of most cars . My only complaint is that it is about 6 '' too short . As a result , I would not recommend it for a dog larger than 40 pounds , especially if the dog has long legs like our dog does . -LRB- She can not comfortably stand up with the tether attached to the back of her harness . That may be safer but not comfortable for her . -RRB-
 I have been looking for a tether like this for years . Most dog harnesses are supposed to be attached to seat belts , but the design of the seat belt pulls the harness to the side . This product is a short tether that has two ways to attach it , either directly to a D-ring in the car or with an adapter that can hook to the seat belt without dragging the pet 's harness off to one side . In either case , it hooks to a variety of harness types and both restrains the pet , while providing limited mobility .
 These flags were used as a training aid for my cockapoo 's invisable fence training . . with these flags outling the property borders , she is learning where the &#34; shock area &#34; begins . She is learning fast !
 I am the proud father of 5 Canine Daughters -LRB- actually they are Gender Neutral -RRB- . All of my girls are large with the smallest being an Australian Kelpie weighing about 50 pounds of solid muscle to the largest being my Blood Hound / Lab Mix who weighs about 130 lbs . I also have a Border Collie , a German Shephard and a Norwegian Elkhound . All 5 of my Canine Daughters are kept in our home.My Norwegian Elkhound is 151/2 years old and she began having trouble with our all wooden foyer steps about a year ago . I had already purchased two of these harnesses to have available as our next door neighbors very large dog 140 lbs + was also getting up there in age and showing signs of at times having difficulty getting on her feet.We helped our neighbor with her dog and she found this harness to be invaluable . Since that time , sadly our neighbors dog has passed away . Now , our Norwegian Elkhound has begun using this harness . She actually suffered some type of injury to her spine as a result of losing her footing on the steps when she was coming down them by herself . Within 2 days of the injury , she was completely unable to walk and showed no signs of any reflex in any of her feet when tested by her doctor . I was very afraid that this was the end of the line for my beloved Wolfie.The Vet put her on steroids for one week and I added the antioxidant treats called Nzymes to her daily pill regimen of the natural medicine Flavocin . Once the steroids reduced the swelling in her spine , she was once again able to show reflexes in her feet but she was still unable to walk and she could not get herself to her feet . By using this harness to help her get up and take 90 % of her body weight off of her legs , over the course of 1 week , I was able to get her slowly walking again . Now , having worked with her daily , exactly four weeks after her injury , Wolfie has begun climbing the steps on her own , which I would prefer she would wait for me to assist her . But , she is very strong willed and this harness along with the natural medicines have gotten her walking better than she has in more than a year.Also , I have had 4 spine surgeries myself and I have to be extremely careful about picking up items , etc. . Before the harness , I was picking up squirming dogs which was very hard on my back . Now with the harness , not only does it help her walk and even taught her to walk again , it reduces the strain I put on my back caring for my wonderful canine companions.The harness is so well designed that Wolfie wears hers all of the time and does n't mind it at all . Obviously it is comfortable or she would n't keep it on without a fuss because she has always been very picky about most things in her life and never wanted her feet touched , did n't like her ears petted , etc. . She wears the harness daily and I give equal credit to the harness and the natural medicines for why I have her with me today . It should be noted that I have had her on Flavocin Pills for over two years , which I believe is a large part of why she is still with me today.If you have a need to assist your larger dog with either getting to it 's feet , walking or climbing stairs , etc. , then this harness will not disappoint you.If you find yourself needing this harness for your canine companion , look at it as an opportunity to help rehabilitate your pet 's health if at all possible , instead of seeing the need for a device like this as the beginning of the end . Your dog might just surprise you and with your help , regain some of it 's independence , which would be great for both of you.One last point , in the product photo , the German Shepard is on the right side of the person climbing the stairs . I would STRONGLY suggest that you put yourself immediately next to the handrail so that you can balance yourself and have your pet go up the other side of you , or more towards the center of the steps . I am right handed but I use my left hand to help Wolfie up the stairs so that I can safely balance myself with my right hand . Coming down the steps it is just the opposite where I end up using my right hand to hold the harness and my left hand on the stair railing.I will gladly answer any questions where I can be of assistance .
 I 'm fostering a 2-year-old Golden Retriever . Odie was diagnosed with luxation of the right hip - this is where the head of his leg bone has completely moved away from his hip socket . Amazingly , he was getting around pretty well , but needed a total hip replacement . After the surgery was completed at the Kansas State University Vet School , I was instructed that I would need to temporarily support his hips by taking some of the weight off the area when he goes potty or walks on slippery areas . At first I used a towel or a portable sling that I would put in place every time I used it . Odie is an energetic dog , and he would wiggle around every time I tried putting something in place . I was afraid that he would hurt himself . I saw the Lift-N-Aid harness on Amazon and thought that I 'd give it a try . From day one it worked great ! I was able to put the harness on in the morning and leave it in place until `` last call '' at night . It really was very helpful for me , and safer for Odie . It 's constructed well , the price was right , and Amazon shipped it quickly . I 'm definitely glad that I found the harness - it helped relieve a lot of stress for Odie and me .
 We have a very finicky and elderly chow who resists anything `` strange '' but he has not had any problem with this harness and seems to even realize that it is helpful . It does assist you in giving your pet some extra balance and lift when they have trouble getting up from laying down or need help upstairs .
 I got the large size for a ` medium ' dog -LRB- per the recommended measurements -RRB- , but it still fits . Our 60 lb . mixed German Shepherd/Huskie ca n't jump in and out of the back of the car anymore . On a recent trip with many stops , I used this to hoist his front end up while another family member supported his legs in and out of the car and it worked well .
 You can tell that this is n't a high quality manufactured item just by looking at it but I did n't expect it to be . However , for the price this harness works fine . Our 56 pound dog has spine and hip issues and when she has a flare-up we sometimes have to support her mid-section to help her walk . We 've used a couple of different homemade devices but the Lift-N-Aid works a little better . It provides a fairly wide area of support , it stays on , and the handles make holding her up easier . I have n't had any problems with the harness sliding up on her like some of the reviews mentioned . Yes it does ride up a little but no more so than what I was using previously . It 's a little difficult to get the harness on my dog but that 's not the fault of the harness . My dog is squirrelly about harnesses and collars in general . I would ' t pay more for this product but for $ 15 it 's worth it .
 My poor ol' girl dog has a tough time climbing the stairs and I knew I could n't let the situation continue ... found this lift which has turned out to be the answer for our ol girl . . easy to use , well made , secure and at a reasonable price . . takes a few minutes to figure out the orientation , but once you `` get it '' , it takes but a few seconds to slip on . Now my dog climbs the stairs without fear-as she knows she 's not going to trip on the stairs ... and I do n't worry about having to pick up my senior 60 lb dog to get up and down stairs -LRB- doubt I could carry her anyway -RRB- ... the lift harness is a blessing and gives you beloved pup the help they need .
 Excellent price , worked well as an assist to my dog . Unfortunately I left the harness on my dog thinking I would need it to assist him throughout the day . That was a mistake . After only one day of use Buster chewed through the straps on the front , making the harness pretty much useless . Although I think it 's a hassle to put on and take off the harness on an as need basis , I think that 's the best solution . I 'm considering ordering another , or trying to fix this one , because overall it 's a good product .
 My dog tore her cruciate ligament , had operation and needed to be carried up and down the stairs . This harness is very secure . Secured around the head , shoulder area and also around the tummy . Dog will not fall out of this if it leans forward.I have had expensive harnesses , 3x 's more $ $ $ and none were worth it .
 My baby hurt his front right leg . I could not lift him up the stairs . This harness was a god-send . As he was recuperating , I needed to lift him up and down the stairs to relieve himself outside.That would not have been possible without this harness . It was so hard to see my best friend have so much trouble . And it was wonderful to be able to help him . He is almost 100 % now ... and i could n't be more thrilled .
 I purchased this for my Golden Retriever who has a slipped disk and he had no control of his front legs . It worked great and I continue to use this even though he his back on his feet but still needs a little help . I highly recommend this .
 Our lab is getting up in age and was having problems getting into and out of our pick-up . My husband could n't figure out how to help lift him . I ran across this on Amazon and , for the price , decided it was worth trying . Works great .
 My eleven year old german shepherd mix dog has arthiritis in his back legs and now his neck . He was having trouble getting up from laying down and going up and down four stairs in my split level house . I put the harness on him one day and left it on . He accepts it and has made no attempt to get it off . It is comfortable for him to lay down in too . I pick him up like a suitcase with the handles . He weighs eighty five pounds but the harness helps distribute the weight evenly and the straps hold him in securely . This is a great product and a low price ! Thanks
 We bought this product to help assist our 12 year old blind Husky in and out of our vehicle using a ramp . The harness made it possible to guide him up and down the ramp and offer some support for him . Without it we would have had to physically lift him in and out of the car . I would recommend it to anyone who has an elderly dog who has difficulty getting in and out of a vehicle or using stairs of any kind .
 Our 80 pound lab had knee surgery and needed assistance with steps for a few weeks . This harness was a lifesaver , because I certainly was n't able to lift her without it . Although it can be attached around the shoulders , I just slipped it under her chest to add support rising from the floor or hopping up the stairs . If she would have fought it , i would have felt more secure completely attaching the harness . Much easier than trying to use a towel , plus you 're not pulling at them when trying to use your arms .
 This is the first online review I 've ever written for a product I 've purchased . I am so happy with how this works for our dog , I felt compelled to write this.Our 5 year old greyhound , Casper , had to be rushed to the vet the morning of the 4th of July . He started having problems with his back right leg and within 2 hours was n't able to stand up on his own . The vet diagnosed him with a herniated disc in his neck , prescribed some medication to help him with the pain and inflammation , told us to keep him on strict rest and give his neck injury some time to get better . Casper weighs 75 pounds , so you can imagine the difficulty in getting him outside to do his business . Since his injury , the medication and rest seem to be working for him . He started standing up on his own and trying to walk . His back legs have still been a little shaky , so he needs some assistance keeping his balance . We were using a towel to support him , but found that to be very difficult to hold and not comfortable to use . So we started looking at products designed for dogs that need help walking.At less than $ 15 , we figured that the Lift-N-Aid was worth trying . We placed our order and expedited the shipping , paying more to have it shipped than we did for the actual product . Out of the package , it was fairly easy to use . After a little confusion on the right orientation , we were able to get it on Casper and adjusted . -LRB- Even after a few days of using it , we still occasionally get it on backwards , but it is obvious and easily corrected -RRB- . It fits Casper well and is easy to give him support and extra balance when he takes the short walk outside to do his business . It does n't slide up on him as some reviewers have mentioned , but all dogs are different . Other reviewers have commented on the quality/durability of the product - granted , we have n't had ours for very long and how well it holds up remains to be seen , but the quality seems good for something at this price point.The best feature of the product is how quickly you can get it on and off . We put it on Casper with the green clips already assembled , sort of like you would put on a bra . We lay it flat on the floor , put his front legs in the leg openings and then lift it up and snap the two clips on his back . It comes off very easily - undo the clips on his back and the green clips and you do n't have to lift his legs to remove it.The only improvements I would like to see would be to make the handles a little more comfortable to hold , but for Casper it is fine . We really are n't supporting his weight with them , just having something to hold on to in case he starts to lose his balance.If you have a dog that needs help getting up , keeping his balance or walking , I definitely recommend giving this a try . For the price , you really do n't have much to lose . I am considering ordering a second one as a backup in case the long term durability is an issue .
 Between his arthritis/hip dysplasia and his chemotherapy treatment , my 65 pound `` senior citizen '' dog needed assistance in getting from a sitting to a standing position . This sling-style harness was the perfect solution . -LRB- The only thing I would change would be to be able to adjust the strap closest to the back of the neck so that it does n't fall off the dog 's shoulders . -RRB-
 My dog was older , ill , trouble with steps , car , etc. . Took me a little while to get straps adjusted , but after a little practice believe can be adjusted to almost any dog . A big help to help him .
 We had a Pyrenees with medical issues . It became impossible for her to manuever by herself . We had been using sheets to lift and move her . This was much better for pottying and vet visits .
 My poor lab is having problems climbing stairs and I certainly can not pick him up so this item helps him feel more secure in going up the stairs . Works great
 arrived in time , looks exactly as expected , easy to put it on the dog , very strong with great ease of use , took Abby 12 years golden retriever to the vet . without will never be able to do that , grate product with very reasonable price , can not thank you enough.Thanks and keep the good work .
 I have not had to use the harness yet , but I know it will help if and when I need it .
 The harness made it much easier to assist my 70lb dog to get up and climb stairs . Easy to use and worked great .
 Really helped us to handle the dog around . We have a 14 year old dalmatian and it has been great for him and for us !!
 Works great to help guide our large bloodhound up a rampto the back of a truck . She is very skittish and this added security gives her confidence and helps me significantly since she weighs 125lbs .
 Bought this item as a gift for our next door neighbor when their large dog had one of its knees repaired . Device is simple to put on and easy to use even for a vertically challeged -LRB- short -RRB- person . Works much better than a similar device that the neighbors had tried in the past .
 This summer we came home one eve to find one of our German Shepherd Dogs paralyzed ... ever try moving a 95 pound German Shepherd several times a day for many weeks while the dog recovers use of his hind legs after spinal surgery ? GET THIS , it 's a back saver ! Btw the emergency clinic gave us a simple sling to use , we bought this one then both the university vet and the rehab vets office tried to sell us their very elaborate and very expensive mobility harnesses . We * much * preferred this mobility harness and returned the others . Our German Shepherd did NOT like the style where each of his rear legs had to be lifted and placed through the harness straps as well as it was always in the way of him emptying his bladder or bowels . This harness was * easy * to adjust under him to free up his `` male parts '' -LRB- not sure which anatomy words Amazon will allow ! -RRB- for urination and was never in the way of his bowels . Kudos for a well made and designed product . Thankfully we no longer need to use the sling nor mobility harness , but this is a keeper in case we ever have to deal with another injury -LRB- and would have been very useful to have a few years ago when our elderly 13 yo female German Shepherd was having issues from an old back injury . -RRB- Update
 I have a 13 yr old , 99 lb yellow lab who is now blind and hard of hearing . We use the harness whenever we have to take her with us in our car . She does n't seem to mind having it on her and it really helps when it comes to lifting her into and out of the back seat of our car . The beauty of it is it only takes a few seconds to attach it to her and we 've off to do our errands . Thanks for making a harness that really works !!
 My dog is a lab 11 years old , with TPLOs in both his knees and big
 With an 80 pound lab that has trouble standing and going up and down stairs , this item has been a godsend . I can easily lift her into a standing position and help her walk if needed . I would heartily recommend if your dog needs mobility assistance .
 I received the product in a timely manner , and it was easy to put on the dog . He seemed a little worried about it at first but soon got used to it . He had surgery , and we thought that we would need the lift . He has done well , and we have not had to use it regularly . We are keeping it handy though because we could definitely see a use for it as the dog gets older .
 This thing is a pain to get on my dog , but it works awesome with helping him get up and down steps . I would highly recommend .
 My dog is 14 and with this harness we can go up and downstairs together.Before the harness he was too unstable to maneuver the stairs . We haveour bedroom down stairs in lower level so this was important .
 Product is well made and worth the money . However the large isnt big enough for a big barell chested breed like our 80lb German shepherd . We removed the straps and are using it as a sling under his back just in front of his back legs . It is much better than a towel as it has strong handles
 My dog is 12 years old and has arthritis and on the weekends we need to get her up and down the stairs to take her for her walk . we ca n't use the elevator on weekends -RRB- We leave the harness on her for the weekend , it does n't bother her at all , and I can help her go up and down the stairs -LRB- she wights arrond 26 kilos -RRB- . Until now only my husband was able to get her up and down -LRB- he lifted her which was bry hard for him and for our dog -RRB- and now I can also help her by giving her support and confidence that she ca n't slip or fall .
 This was extremely important to have when my Rott came home from a knee operation . It made it much easier and comfortable to take her outside . It also made me feel more at ease taking her , knowing I had control and she would not get hurt .
 I ordered this lift for my sister 's Dobie who is older and now has arthritis and hip problems . It has not arrived yet but I am sure it will do the job as we expect it to do .
 The sling is simple yet effective . I had a large dog that needed assistance standing . The sling did a good job . It would be nice if the handles were padded but for the inexpensive price it was a good deal .
 The product is very well made and has helped some however my dog is a Bull mastif and weights 136 lbs . so it was a little too tight around the chest . I would recommend this product as long as your dog is n't extra large .
 We had been looking for a way to make it easier and safer to help our 14 yr old lab into and out of the car and our tent trailer . We had gotten a pet ramp for him a couple of years ago which worked great for a while . Now that he has gotten older , that last step up was really difficult for him . We camped over Thanksgiving and this product worked as advertised ... so much easier than picking him up ! He had no problem adjusting to it and , as another reviewer said , learned very quickly to wait for us to grab the handles before attempting to go up or down .
 I bought it to help my Standard Poodle who has torn A.C.L.s and ligaments in both her hind legs . I could not have done it with out it . She is in the process of having them repaired and I will need the Harness to help during rehab also !
 I use this liner for my bearded dragon . It holds up really well ! If it gets too nasty I just take it outside and wash it with the water hose , let it dry , and put it back in the tank . The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish it came in brown for desert terrariums .
 I originally wanted tile as I heard they were easy to clean , and was planning to use this under the tile to protect the glass . Never did find tile I liked , so I stuck with the carpet . My only gripe is brown is so hard to find in the larger size.I vacuum this on a regular basis and it looks great . Beardies nails do not get stuck in the carpet . I have n't placed it in the washer machine yet , so I 'm not sure how well it will look afterwards.It was easy to measure and cut with a scissor before being placed in my tank and it lies flat . Very happy with it for the price and it looks good .
 Could not find a liner the right size in any local store , this one fit our new aquarium perfectly ! Works exactly as expected .
 this liner was easy to cut and lays flat in my turtles atba . it 's so much easier than using sand or rocks and i do n't have to worry about it scratching his shell . it adds a nice touch to the decor as well .
 When I bought this liner , I bought it a big bigger than what my bearded dragon 's house actually is . He has an awkward sized terrarium , so I figured if I bought one a bit big , I could use the extra to line something else , such as a sun house . I planned on taking the time to size and cut the liner to size . What I did not plan on was the liner being so tough ! I understand that it is meant to be durable , but sheesh ! Ahah , I think I spent more time trying to cut the liner to size than I did setting up his house!Once the liner was into the house , I put Dumbledore into it to judge his reaction . At first , he hated it . He kept glaring with me with a look that I 've noticed some beardie owners have come to know well when they mess with their beardie 's house . After a while though , he warmed up to the idea and began running through his house , every now and then stopping to lick/taste the liner or rub his beard against it . Now he 's made peace with itThere is a problem I 've discovered with it though . It was a love-hate thing for me at the time due to my beardie recovering from being treated very badly and being sick at the pet store . For the first time , he pooed without having to have a warm bath , massage , or anything else . However , I did not anticipate how hard it is to clean that off of this liner ! After about ten minutes or so of scrubbing and spraying with water , I managed to get the vast majority of it off . You can barely tell it was there now , and you ca n't if you did n't know about it to begin with . I just wish I would of known before I bought it . I have to say though , this is a much better alternative than the repti-bark we were using . While Dumbledore loved it , he liked to eat it every now and then . D ; All in all , I would definitely recommend this to someone else , so long as I mentioned the cleaning problem . ; -RRB-
 The zilla website says this product has the following dimensions L
 I bought this as a secondary cage for my maroon belly conure . We wanted something bigger as the primary cage , but unfortunately , Avian Adventures does n't make bigger with the same bar spacing.This is the most thoughtfully designed cage I 've ever seen . It connects together so easily and solidly with no screws , making setup a breeze -LRB- good instructions too , which is a first ! -RRB- . The only things we had trouble with were snapping the casters in to the base , and getting the ladder on the playtop . My son got the casters in , and we removed the little plastic covers at the bottom of the ladders to get them to fit into the base . I also had to use a pliers to bend some tabs on one of the sides . That was easy , even for a weakling like me . This cage needed FAR less reshaping than any other cage I 've bought.It 's AWESOME . The playtop is completely removable , just lifts out of the inset top . We have it all over the house . The front door has real hinges , not just screws attaching it to the front panel like my A&E ; cage . There are 3 -LRB- decorative -RRB- food dishes . Most cages this size have 2 . The dishes sort of snap into place , so you have to brace your hand against the opening when taking them in and out . It 's actually a good design , because when you remove them , there 's not a huge space for your bird to immediately escape , as with other brands where the bowl swings out with the door , leaving a huge hole.The bottom trays slide in and out like a DREAM !! I knew it was smooth , but when I got my larger A&E ; cage , where the trays are a B.E.A.S.T. to remove , I appreciated all the more the precision design of the Nina playtop.There is a shelf on the bottom for storage , which is fantastic . Why do n't they all have that?The perches , both inside and out , are very nice , natural looking . It 's amazing how much a decent perch -LRB- not a dowel rod -RRB- adds to the overall beauty.The gold accents and casters on my already rich looking ruby cage are especially nice -LRB- some colors , including sapphire , have silver -RRB- . I SO wish my little conure could handle 3/4 '' bar spacing , or my second cage would 've been an Avian Adventures too . Also note that there are no bars spaced wider than the stated width , unlike my A&E ; supposedly 5/8 '' spacing that has bars as far as 1.25 '' , believe it or not . -LRB- See my pictures on Flickr -RRB- . It would be nice if the seed guards were more secure , but given the perfection of everything else , that 's a minor complaint.I do think that you could remove the playtop and seed guards and actually travel with this thing , because it hooks together so easily and quickly and stores mostly flat . It 's not a travel cage by any means , but if you wanted to take it apart and move it to another location , even a motel room , it would n't be difficult.Check out my pictures on Flickr , also comparing it to the larger A&E ; :[ ... -RSB-
 My dog is 16 years old and has trouble getting up sometimes , this harness has given back her dignity . We can help her up and have more control than trying to pick her up in our arms . It is fully washable and she wears it almost all the time . She loves her blue harness and does n't like when its taken off . For a very affordable price you get something that saves your back and arms . Sometimes the buckle snaps across the back come undone but easily fixable . Can put harness on even if dog ca n't get up to let you .
 My dog recently had surgery to replace a torn ACL and does not like to be picked up and carried -LRB- Black Lab mix @ 50 lbs -RRB- . To avoid having him kick out of my arms and undo what the surgery had fixed , I looked around and found this product . It has made carrying him up and down stairs so much easier as I can just carry him like a briefcase . The only complaint I have , which is geared more towards my dog , is that he sometimes steps out of the front straps and almost took a nasty spill as a result . Now , I just check the straps before I lift him .
 This ex-pen is well-made and heavy enough to do the job but light enough to transport easily . Makes a great barrier to keep the dogs out of the plants and off the hot tub cover .
 This works great for in front of the rv , attaching to the other gates to give our dogs a pen to run in .
 Birds need this product to reduce stress . It was very helpful to have found this product online because you can not find it in the stores or pet shops anymore .
 These &#34; itty bitty &#34; treats are hard to find at the &#34; regular &#34; stores like Target or etc. . So we bought the &#34; bulk &#34; size to stock up for our dogs . They love these treats .
 I have a lab and he loves these biscuits . They are the perfect size for training , even the big dogs .
 This item is awesome . We 've been using it to keep our kittens off of the kitchen counter when we 're away . People have been telling us that you ca n't train kittens -- they are wrong.First off , the only reason I gave this item 4 stars is that it uses -LRB- 4x -RRB- AAA batteries and does not have a DC plug-in port . The miniscarecrow seems to blow through these in a little over a month of all-day-everyday use.That said , the motion sensor works well and is tuned perfectly -LRB- for a cat size object -RRB- . It 's neither too sensitive nor too slow . We set ours up on the counter -LRB- out-of-site -RRB- pointing across the length of the counter ... . no more `` transgressions '' . As an additional bonus , this things works * outstanding * on humans too -LRB- as a prank to scare them -RRB- . Come Halloween , I 'm going to have some fun!Last bit ... the spray is truly non toxic and non-harmful . Having triggerred it myself numerous times -LRB- forgot it was on -RRB- and take a blast right to the face . The spray does n't smell or leave residue -- it 's only a little bit cold .
 This item is awesome . We 've been using it to keep our kittens off of the kitchen counter when we 're away . People have been telling us that you ca n't train kittens -- they are wrong.First off , the only reason I gave this item 4 stars is that it uses -LRB- 4x -RRB- AAA batteries and does not have a DC plug-in port . The miniscarecrow seems to blow through these in a little over a month of all-day-everyday use.That said , the motion sensor works well and is tuned perfectly -LRB- for a cat size object -RRB- . It 's neither too sensitive nor too slow . We set ours up on the counter -LRB- out-of-site -RRB- pointing across the length of the counter ... . no more `` transgressions '' . As an additional bonus , this things works * outstanding * on humans too -LRB- as a prank to scare them -RRB- . Come Halloween , I 'm going to have some fun!Last bit ... the spray is truly non toxic and non-harmful . Having triggerred it myself numerous times -LRB- forgot it was on -RRB- and take a blast right to the face . The spray does n't smell or leave residue -- it 's only a little bit cold .
 I purchased one of these to keep my neighbor 's cats out of my flowers . It works !!!! I definitely will buy more and place them in other areas of my yard where the cats love to dump their business !
 This product works great at keeping cats away but it needs an option to just spray with out the beep . You can have it spray & beep or beep only which is nice but at night it would be nice to be able to set it to just spray with no noise so it does n't wake you up . If it had this option I would have given it 5 stars . Batteries wear quickly also so an AC option would be nice as another reviewer mentioned .
 I adopted a little chihuahua because my husband loved him , but I was wondering why somebody would put such sweet and tiny dog for adoption because small dogs are sooo easy to take care.Well , I can tell that this was the beginning of all my headache and I finally realzed why he was available for adoption . Everytime when we turn our back or leave the house he : - pull any table cloth that he can jump and reach ; - pee and poop close to the cage of my parrots and the tree of my parrots - started a revolution in my house , now my other two dogs that were house training started to do the same on the same spots - any trash bin he finds -LRB- include the ones in the bathroom -RRB- he just drop on the floor and spread the mess everywhereSince I love pets and I would never give up of an adoption but also do n't like to use things that may hurt dogs , I started to research a lot until I found this mini scare crow.I spent money because I had a lot of places to put and I was worry about how many refills I would have to buy in order to keep this little Tasmanian Chihuahua far from trouble.Believe or not , none of the dogs get close to this thing , at the beginning I used to hear the beep and spray going off from all spots I had spread this product . Today some of the sprays bottle ran out but still there is the beep sound that the header does when activated by the motion detector . And the beep works great.About the 200 shots that the manufacturer claims , of course I never counted , but the spray can did n't last 2 months . So if it really has 200 shots I kept imaging if the chihuahua in less then two months visited the stop 200 times or if all my 3 dogs had a work team going on on those places until the spray run out : - -RRB- Regardless that , I 'm giving 5 stars because it worked with my little dogs . Not sure if the spray would work for a large dog since the can is a regular size can and some large dogs may not be intimidated by the spray .
 Though the thermometer and hygrometer are cheap light plastic , and the needles do n't move perfectly smoothly , what do you really expect short of $ 10 a gauge ? You might find they move just a degrees/percent or two if you tap them , but they 're spot-on accurate according to the local weather . I 'd normally give 4 stars , but you ca n't beat the price!The thermometer takes several minutes to respond , because it 's undoubtedly a bi-metal spring , but seems fairly accurate . Only reads from 65 to 110F though.The hygrometer reads from 0 to 100 % RH , but narrows above 70 % , obviously being less accurate in the high range . Expect the spring mechanism to naturally take quite some time to reflect large changes . It passes the wet-towel test for calibration , reaching 95-100 % RH , however I do n't see a calibration screw . Maybe if it went out of whack you could remove the rear cover -LRB- three small screws -RRB- to fix it . . but probably best to expose it to low humidity once in a while to keep it in spec .
 I 've had to buy this products twice for various kitty tapeworm ailments , and it has worked perfectly everytime . The pill is small and relatively easy to get kitties to swallow it -LRB- it also helps to haveQuick and Easy Pill Dispenser -RRB- . Knock on wood so far !
 I was very satisfied with the product - one tab worked right away and I had no trouble giving it to my cat.I was also pleased with the prompt shipping but it came at a price . The package weighed almost nothing but the shipping was more expensive than the product .
 It 's folded in the packaging . The cardboard that the plastic is attached to folds out . It took me what seemed like half an hour to figure out where the instructions were , and it looks like I 'm not the only one.ANYWAY , they do work , but do n't try to crush them and mix them with food . . my cats smelled it in their wet food and then did n't touch it at all -LRB- they never pass up wet food -RRB- . It 's easier to cut a pill into about 4 or so pieces then hope they do n't eat around it , or put real tuna juice on it .
 IT 'S THE SAME PRODUCT THAT YOU 'D GET AT YOUR VET , BUT AT 1/4 THE COST !!! BUY A PILL SHOOTER AND DO IT YOURSELF !!
 This product worked great and I did n't have to go to the vet 's to get it .
 it works and i got it quickly ... i too had to shove it down the cat 's throat but she forgot really quickly when i followed it with a treat ! No more kitty butt worms !
 I was adopted by a stray cat and noticed he had small white worm looking things on the fur under his tail -LRB- they were first noticed on a chair he was lying in -RRB- . A friend told me they were tape worm segments so I ordered the Tape Worm Tabs , gave him 1 and have not seen any more of the tape worms since . They come 3 to a package so I am saving the other 2 in case he is reinfested . Cats get tapeworms from ingesting fleas , so now I have to figure out how to keep the fleas off once it gets warm again . I highly recommend the tabs since they worked in 1 day to rid the cat of the white worms . The company 's shipping was quick - received the tabs in less than a week .
 I took my cat to the vet and had them de worm him and nothing happened . I bought these tablets after searching the web and gave him one and they got rid of the worms immediately . I give him one every three to six months depending on the season and so far so good !
 Discovered my cat had a tapeworm . The nurse at my vets practice confirmed this . She said this product was the same as the stuff the vet would give . I bought some . One tablet later all gone !!! I am very happy and the cat did ' t really notice apart from the fact that I popped a pill down his throat !! Would recommend this product . But do be on the look out for fleas too as you need to break the tapeworms life cycle . Also make sure you get the one for cats - if you are treating a cat .
 this is a great product at a great price , much less expensive than the local vets office . cats are a happy bunch now !!
 I picked up a stray off of the street and it had fleas . It was disgusting , never dealt with fleas and when I saw them crawling around the kitten 's fur while I was washing him I freaked out . Anyway , I got rid of the fleas , and lo and behold , the kitten had worms as well . Apparently the baby worms are inside the fleas and when the kitten grooms or eats the fleas they get into the kitten . So I went and bought some dewormer from petco and that did n't work -LRB- had the wrong type of worms -RRB- . Just gave the kitten diarrhea . Then I did some research and found these specifically for tapeworms.I recommend dipping them in coconut oil/real butter and forcing them down the cat/kittens throat . I know it sounds bad , but that 's how you get it done . Let them taste the butter and oil first.After that the worms were gone in a matter of days . 3 max .
 I have bought this product several times . I think I finally resolved the problem even though it took moving to a new house . The product works great . My cats are pretty sensitive to medicine but they have no issues taking this .
 These pills zapped the worms from the anus of my cat faster than the speed of light . Great job !
 One dose did the trick ... no more worms going on several weeks now . I did cut the tablet in half though to make it less likely to lodge in the cats throat and coated each piece with a little butter and was able to get it down him that way since other customers noted their cats would not eat it when mixed with food.Received item very quickly too from the seller ... thanks !
 Tapeworms are easiest to prevent if you know their lifecycle . Tapes are caused by cats ingesting fleas usually from prey that they have eaten like a mouse or rat . They could also ingest a flea from grooming themselves if they have fleas . So , in addition to getting rid of the tapes you must also get rid of the fleas if possible . Tapes are not passed from cat to cat unless the fleas are passed . Any new pet should be treated for fleas before it is introduced to another pet so the fleas are not passed.PRaziquantel is one way to worm for tapes . It is very effective as long as you can get the cat to eat it which is best accomplished by putting it in chicken baby food or some treat the cat REALLY likes . Also , the cat needs to be isolated so that they get all the medicine especially if there are multiple cats in the house.The BEST way is to go to a vet you have a client-patient relationship with and get topical Profender . It is amazing and is great especially for cats that are difficult to treat orally .
 This product saved us another expensive trip to the vet ! With outdoor cats , we need to deworm them periodically . This product is great -LRB- getting them to swallow is n't easy , but I appreciate the other reviews with all their advice -RRB- . Thank you !
 Works like a charm . I have had to use these twice -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- although the second time it could very well have been sesame seeds and I was just extra paranoid . First round my kitty had some stomach issues - diarrhea , not eating as much - which lasted about three days . Second time you would never have known she had taken anything . I used these about two years ago and I have never seen a trace after treatment . Just be sure to treat your home -LRB- carpets , furniture , AND cats -RRB- for fleas since that is the cause of the problems in the first place . I believe my second outbreak , if it really was tapeworms , was due to dormant fleas coming out of my couches after treating my carpets . Fleas hitchhike on people too , keep flea spray on hand if you have people around your pets often to prevent having to use these tablets often . I treat my home every other month and my cat gets Advantage every 30 days , like I said , flea and tapeworm free for two years .
 Got this item for my mother-in-law 's cat.Did as directions indicated and the cat came alive . She was lathargic prior , and we just thought she was lazy ! But she has more energy and its been almost a year ! no relapse .
 Tape Worm Tabs Feline -LRB- praziquantel -RRB- 23mg , 3 Tablets is the same stuff you get from the vet ... Buying it through Amazon really does save money for those of us that may not be able to take our animals to the vet right away ... After giving my cats these tablets they no longer have Tape Worm and are now healthier , fatter , and Happier ... I am happy that I purchased this item and no longer have to see the fragments on my babies and know that they are ok now ...
 Our cat had severe worm problems and we could n't afford a vet visit so we researched the type of worms they were and found this product on Amazon.com . Other users said it worked well so we gave it a try and it was amazing ! Overnight the worms quit coming out of the cat -LRB- and dying on the carpet all over the house -RRB- and she was much happier . We did have to have my wife hold the cat 's mouth open while I force fed her the pill but it was n't that difficult . We are very satisfied and would indeed purchase this product again .
 This really works to get rid of tapeworms . Our kitty was worm-free within a day of taking it . However , the experience of administering the pill was quite unpleasant . It was definitely a two-person job . We tried several times to get her to swallow the pill , but she kept pushing it to the front of her mouth with her tongue and spitting it out . Finally , on what was probably try # 9 or 10 , I put the pill , slimy with her saliva , back in her mouth , and it dissolved into a paste . Of course , she could n't spit all of the paste out , so she swallowed a little of it . It must have tasted horrible for her , but it did the job . We still have two pills left , in case we ever have to do this again.What a great value this product is . At our local vet , it cost about $ 50 for a single pill to de-worm our other cat . Very satisfied with this purchase . I 'd give it the full 5 stars if it were in a form that is easier for the cat to get down .
 My two cats both had tape worm for over 6 months . We got rid of the fleas -LRB- we thought -RRB- but could not get rid of the tape worm after numerous expensive shots from the vet . We treated them for fleas a second time and out of desperation bought these tabs due to the good reviews . Our cats were throwing up the worms and were totally infested . Just like promised , the tab works overnight ! No more gross `` segments '' , not one trace of any worms , live or dead , since we gave them this a month ago . Great stuff for a fraction of a vet bill .
 This is a great product to get rid of tapeworms in cats . After only one dose the tapeworms are gone . Thank you so much !!
 One dose got rid of the tapeworms in my two cats . The key is to also get rid of the fleas at the same time . I used Advantage for this . If you do n't get rid of the fleas the tapeworm will come back .
 I ordered these Tape Worm Tabs for my 6 month old kitten . I could n't find tapeworm products locally so I purchased them here . I was very happy with the effectiveness of the product . My kitten was completely worm free almost immediately . The only reason I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the product does n't come with clear dosage instructions . I ended up finding dosage information by searching online .
 all it took was one pill and my cat is free of worms . i 'd definatly purchase again .
 love the product and would recommend to everyone that has cats that needs worming . its a great product . love it .
 I got this for a cat that I saw signs of worms in . I crushed tablets and mixed in canned food for both cats , and they ate it just fine . I also have two dogs I got the same product for . The product worked for the intended cat .
 These worked in 24 hrs . The next day after giving them to my cats , there were no signs of worms .
 The wife brought home a baby cat that was born somewhere in the neighborhood . I 'm sure shortly after he was born he got worms . For the longest time we could n't tell what kind of worms they were and were mistakenly giving him ringworm drops orally but it was n't really working . He would still have the small ` ricelike ' pieces of white worm wriggling out of his bottom . Icky I know but I describe it so you know exactly the type of worm these tabs cleared up . We gave him just one tablet and the worms have been gone for a year now . Still have the other two but probably wo n't need them ... until the wife finds another cat that is .
 Very fast acting formula . This product gets with of all worms in cats within 24 hours . Highly effective product and higly recommended if you suspect your animal has worms . The price is cheaper in Amazon than going to your local Pet Supermarket .
 the price is better than the pet store and the vet . Performance is the same as vet dispenced and we are all relieved
 Shipped quickly and worked with one dose . My cat is normally picky about medicine but I crushed it and mixed it with a tablespoon of wet food . He ate it with no problem . About ten days later he had a vet appointment where they did an annual exam . The parasite test was completely negative !
 The pills worked great and they were sent to me faster then I expected . Price was super and cat is doing great .
 The most difficult part is getting the cat to swallow the pill . I think it is helping control tape worms now .
 I tried everything else before getting this and had zero luck with eliminating the worms . This worked like a charm ! The worms ended up reoccurring in a few weeks but I gave both of my cats half of the remaining tablet and have n't had a problem since .
 This works great ... no problems at all . Have given to my 2 cats - 3 times now and clears the worms up asap . The directions are not the best so I ended up giving each cat 1 tablet , a month later gave 1/2 of the last tablet to each and ordered more to always have on hand - will always use this !!!
 I 've heard that over the counter tapeworm meds do n't always work , but these seem to have worked well on my small cat .
 No idea why it happens , but we have one cat that will occasionally turn up with tape worms . This nasty bug spreads to the other cats quickly . I 'm only happy no humans caught it here . BLECH!After looking , all we could find were remedies and medications for round worms . Thank goodness for amazon ! These worked like a charm . The only ones who did n't take kindly to it were the cats . Getting them to swallow it is difficult . even when hiding it in treats . But this is cats we 're talking about . They 're going to do that with any kind of med , this is no different . The important thing is , it works .
 I have six cats so I do n't have the money to take everybody to the vet at once . I saw this product in the store more than double what amazon is asking for it . I asked a few `` professionals '' about it and they all said it does n't work . I saw one persons review and saw that it was cheap through amazon so I thought I would give it a shot . What 's the worse that could happen , it would n't work and I would be out $ 27 . -LRB- instead of $ 60 from the stores -RRB- My cats were so infested that they were throwing up the worms . And they lost a ton of weight . Well after 24 hours the worms were completely gone !! I was watching them like a hawk . After 2 weeks of being worm free my sickest cat has gained half a pound !! The trick to making it work is to treat all your cats at the same time for fleas and worms . The cats get worms from fleas and rodents and when one cat gets them they all get them . So if you tried this product and it did n't work . Try it again . 48 hours before you give them the tabs treat the fleas even if you do n't see any.I also rubbed the pills in butter so they would go down easier . That made it no problem even with the half pill . My cats suffered for so long that they are so happy now I ca n't get them to stop purring !! Please for the health of your cat try these tabs !
 When I took in my latest stray kitten , I thought I had sufficiently separated her from my other cats before she was dewormed . Well to my shock and horror I discovered a month later that my existing cats now had worms ! I could not get an appointment with my vet , so I looked on Amazon and found the Tradewinds Tape Worm Tablets . When the pills arrived in the mail , I was a little dissappointed - they were way too big to get my cats to swallow . They just kept spitting them out . So I crushed them up and added it to some canned wet food . My cats were not fooled . These pills must taste awful to cats because it took me over an hour to hand feed them this stuff . Even so , I must say it was worth it . Within 3 days I no longer had the disgusting experience of seeing those nasty tapeworm segments . It really works . The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because it was so hard to get my cats to take . A liquid form would be much better .
 MYTH BUSTED !!! Over the counter vs. prescription.First of all , the kind that you can buy in the pet store is the same as the prescription kind -LRB- at least now you can get it -RRB- . It must contain praziquantel though . The brand manufactured by TradeWinds / AgriLabs and has the title `` Tape Worm Tabs '' -LRB- blue packaging with a white cat as of March 2008 -RRB- has praziquantinel -LRB- 23mg -RRB- . That 's exactly what you get from your vet . I guess only recently has it been available over the counter so previously over the counter stuff was a jack , but not anymore ! Retail cost is about $ 20 bones for 3 tablets . You can find it for cheaper on the web , but then you usually have to pay shipping . Average sized cat will need 11/2 tablets . That 's it ! Smaller cats or kittens need just 1 or 1/2 a tablet depending on weight . If worm signs persist after a month , re-administer dosage.HOW WE GOT THEM TO EAT ITWe just gave two of our cats -LRB- male 12 months , female 7 months -RRB- `` Tape Worm Tabs '' . We first tried mixing their dosage into a bit of wet food , which they usually do n't eat , but do enjoy as a treat now and then . Well after one taste they knew something was a-skew and would n't touch it . Must be nasty stuff!Sooo ... we broke their pills into halves . And basically just put each half down toward the back of their throat and held their mouths til they swallowed -LRB- much like a dog -RRB- . It worked easily no problem ! The older larger male took 31/2 's equaling 11/2 tablets -LRB- his recommended dose -RRB- , so he had it done 3 times with no problems . The little one had it two halves twice without a fuss . Some people are weary of choking , but I think if you 're careful and administer in small amounts -LRB- like 1/2 a tablet -RRB- there 's not much to worry about.We were ready to try the syringe method , but did n't have to do it . There was some worry that with a syringe you could get liquid down into their lungs if administered improperly . So be careful on that method!As for results ... I 've read good reviews on this stuff from those that have used it . We 'll see how it goes . I 'll come back and update my results if there are any problems . But for now we 're all whiskers ! : -RRB- UPDATE
 I noticed that many people complained in their reviews that they had a hard time administering these pills . I did not . No , I am not an expert pill popper nor are my cats extraordinary . I simply held them on my lap , their back to my stomach , opened their mouth , shoved the pill in as far as possible -LRB- without being bit -RRB- , and held their mouth closed , massaged their throat and blew on their nose at the same time until it appears that they have swallowed . I have used this method forever on dogs and cats and it is fail proof . I can not tell you yet if the worms are gone , but getting my cats to take the medication was a breeze .
 This item worked great and took care of all my cats worries . Would recommend to anyone who was having a tapeworm problem with there cat . One dose cured my cats .
 I have two boy cats who are my pride and joy . I would do anything for them , including spending $ 150 for a vet visit to get rid of tape worms . But since I 'm a college student and I do n't get paid very well , I ca n't afford to take them there every time they find a delicious flea they feel like they need to eat . I treat them for fleas every month , but somehow , somewhere , they manage to find a flea that gives them worms . I did n't want to go back to the vet because it was $ 150 just for one cat , so I researched online . I found a few different tape worm medicines that had good reviews , but they still were expensive once you added shipping and handling from some of the pet store websites . ===================== The seller
 I 've just given 1 tab to my cat , i could n't find any useful instruction on the bottle and package , so i looked the feedbacks here , they 're so helpful . Just want to share my success story how easily fed the HUGE pill . First cut the pill into quarters , NEVER crush it and mix with cat food , they wo n't buy it . My cat likes cheese , so i applied cheese outside of each quarters . Feed some real cheese first , and then put your cat on your lap , their back on your stomach . put the pill in the deep back of their mouth , and use your finger to close their mouth , hold for few seconds , and release . My poor cat thought it was a piece of real cheese , she swallowed immediately , and she meows for more . It was fun and extremly easy to give it . I 'll wait to see the result of the pill .
 I found a starving kitten in my backyard one day and wanted to adopt him . I took him to a vet for a check up . They noticed that he had worms which they said was common . The vet gave him a dose of medicine for the worms and said that should work . Within a few days I still noticed the worms . The vet wanted to charge me again to bring him back in for another dose of medicine . I decided to look on Amazon and discovered the tape worm tabs with many excellent reviews ; I figured it was worth a shot . Plus , it was over $ 20 + at a local pet shop so I figured I 'd buy it on Amazon.I ground up one pill into some wet food and fed my kitten . Within 24 hours I saw absolutely no signs of worms . And I checked ! I felt weird hovering over my kitten while he used his liter box but I just could n't believe that it worked that quickly!Just a note about worms ; Fleas are usually carriers so if your cat has fleas it 's best to treat the flea problem first then the worms . Every time a cat licks it 's fur it usually licks up a flea or two as well which will reinfect the cat . I found this out after he escaped for 24 hours . He came home covered in fleas . Within a week or two he had worms again . The Vet explained the flea-worm cycle and told us to use Advantage first , wait a week , then the tape worm tabs .
 I 've had a kitten that has had trouble with worms ever since I brought him home to a house of outdoor cats . I brought him to the vet 3 times to get shots for the worms , and each time it worked , but only for so long.So , in an effort to save time and money , I looked the problem up online and found people recommending this particular product as a generic alternative . I ordered the product and received it before Amazon 's predicted ` shipping ' date , which I was incredibly appreciative of . I interpret that to indicate fast processing time by the vendor.The tabs were relatively easy to use , but you absolutely CAN NOT try to hide this in their food . I shoved the tab down my cat 's throat ; I held him still with my left arm and hand , and I used my right index and middle fingers to hold the tab at the back of his mouth until he finally swallowed it . It took me two or three attempts to perfect the strategy , but it really was a non-issue . THANK YOU ! My kitten is thankful not to be sharing his lunch with parasites!Note
 This is the same product I bought in a chain pet store . I was able to buy two more bottles for less than the one bottle from the store . Speedy shipping . Seller is easy to work with .
 I ground up the tablets , mixed powder with a few drops of cream and some sugar , and administered with an eye dropper . Cats did n't like the taste , but it did the job - tapeworms gone !
 This is an excellent product when a cat has tapeworm . I had taken in some stray kittens last year and noticed that they had tapeworm . Not having the money to take them to a vet , I saw the product on Amazon.com and decided to give it a try , BUT was in a hurry to get it so I bought it at one of the Pet supermarts rather than Amazon . It worked immediately . By the next day , there were no tapeworms visible in her stool . I was thrilled , but wished I had ordered it from Amazon and waited for delivery . I paid twice as much as I would have with Amazon . I wo n't make that mistake again.The only issue is that , as others have mentioned , it is difficult to get the cat to take the pill . I thought I would try crushing it up and putting it in some wet food , but that did n't work . Ended up having to wrestle with kitty to get the pill down .
 My vet verified that this is the same medication they prescribe for tape worms . They definitely work , but they are such a pain to get your cats to take . I ended up grinding them up into a very small amount of wet food and using my finger to place the ball of paste on the roof of the cat 's mouth .
 I knew my cat had tapeworms because he threw one up and the symptom of flattened brown rice around the anal area . He seems much happier now , and there are no more flattened brown rice looking particles . Plus he is not starving all the time . This product worked great with not ill side effects .
 This is a excellent product to rid tape worms . It Works!My cat is back to his ols self.Getting chubby 7 very happy now.I recommend this product.We just put the tablet down the cats throat to swollow .
 I had 2 cats one 1.5 years and one almost 5 years old before we took in two rescue twin cats now almost 8 months old . The twins had been wormed , but I guess not for Tapeworms as they had them and to my horror they quickly spread them to my other two cats , so now all four had these disgusting worms crawling on the fur around their butts ! GROSS !!! Having just moved to a new state we were strapped for cash and could n't afford paying a vet bill for something we already knew was wrong with them . I ordered these pills , they arrived in a couple of days and they worked immediately . I used the Greenies Pill Pockets for cats , one of my four felines took it willingly like a treat -LRB- he will eat almost anything ! -RRB- but the other three were not so easy to fool . I still put them in the pill pockets but I had to put them in the back of the cats throats and had to hold their mouth shut -LRB- firmly but gently -RRB- until they finally surrendered and swallowed . Thank goodness my cats are gentle -LRB- and I trim their nails -RRB- . I highly recommend breaking the whole pills in half and giving your cat each half if they need the full pill dose , they are kind of large pills . Was n't fun , for them or me but they forgave me as soon as it was over . I would never have believed the pills could work so fast , but my cats acted like themselves again the very next morning , I kid you not and I have not seen a single worm on any of them since ! The only down side that we experienced , was very fowl , chemical smelling feces for about a week after taking the medication . Which if you have multiple cats like we do , it 's good to know-you might want to stock up on extra litter , clean it often and maybe use some air fresheners . The smell was really , really bad , I had to cover my face just to get through cleaning the litter boxes , but so worth it for my cats to be worm free and healthy again.I purchased just one bottle thanks to the other reviewers who disclosed the dosages . The dosage came on the package I received as well . Two of my cats are less than 5lbs and the other two are over , so one bottle of three pills worked for all four of my cats and saved me a small fortune on vet bills . I fed two of them whole pills as per the dose on the package for their weight , and split the third between the other two cats per their weight as well . It worked immediately - I have not seen a single tapeworm since I gave them their medication -LRB- and it 's been almost two weeks now -RRB- . I 'm so grateful and relieved , Thank you Absolutely Pets for the great product and the free shipping ! Me and my four feline furries Thank you so very much ! If we need them again , which we probably will -LRB- we live in Florida where the fleas get even the indoor cats like ours -RRB- we will order from you again . Thank you !
 This is the best price . I searched hi and low . They are average $ 17 a bottle for 3 pills . My cats are tape worm free for over a year now . Make sure you use it exactly as prescribed .
 I 've had to order this twice now . It 's the same exact thing they sell in other stores , but it 's a little cheaper . -LRB- Compared to the stores around here , anyway . -RRB- This has worked great both times I 've had to use it . Always gets the job done . Received this product fast and saved money , too ! Will definitely buy again when the time comes !
 Rcvd product quickly , was able to get my cat to eat it by mashing it into tuna . Real tuna not cat food.Will buy from again.Thank you
 My cat has gotten tape worm a few times now from being infested with fleas -LRB- when a cat gets a flea in its mouth that is infected with tapeworm they get it -RRB- and nothing worked ! I tried a few different tablets and the only thing I found worked to get rid of them was taking my cat to the vet for a shot which was pricey . Just from taking 1.5 of these pills , my cat 's worms were gone and for a fraction of the price of taking them to the vet ! Would definitely buy these again if needed !
 I crushed one tab to a powder and added it to my cat 's moist food . She 's not very finicky so she ate it up . After that I found no worms . They delivered it in a timely manner and it worked great .
 These are great . Same pills I have purchased before from my vet , but 1/4 the price ! You only need one per cat or dog , and the next day the worms are gone . For severe tapeworm infestation , you will need to repeat the pill in two weeks . For easiest results , use a `` pill popper '' that you can get at your vets office or apply some mayonnaise to the pill and put along the side of animal 's mouth toward the back of the throat . This is easily done when `` scruffing '' your cat by the skin on the back of the neck . Cat will go limp and submit to the medication . No problems !
 These tabs worked better than what the vet gave me . No side effects or any negatives . Fast shipping and great service !
 I have two indoor cats , but they 're pretty good mousers so that 's probably where they got worms from . They had the little rice looking worms which I think are the tape worms . Either way , these pills are good for tape as well as ring worms . Anyway , they worked . The vet is just going to give your cat one of these and then hand you a bill for 75 bucks . I 'm not suggesting never bringing your cat to the vet . I bring both of mine all the time , but these are worth a shot . If it does n't work you can always bring your cat to the vet .
 perfect product . I had been buying products for months and this is the only one that worked !
 We purchased this product based on the Amazon.com reviews . It was delivered promptly and worked just fine . Much more cost effective than going to the vet or buying the same product at Petco or Petsmart . I would buy it again and recommend it to others .
 I 've been using this product for several years now . Since tapeworms can be gotten by a cat ingesting an infected flea we seem to get them every summer . Tradewinds Tapeworm wormer has always worked for me and I was so glad to find a product that you did n't have to have a prescription to get and that actually worked . If you have several cats like myself this is also an option that is a lot easier on your wallet . I highly recommend this product .
 MY CATS ARE FEELING MUCH BETTER SINCE I WORMED THEM WITH THIS PRODUCT . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
 HI , Firstly , thank you to the person who recommended 1.5 tablets for a large cat each month . The container , 3 tabs/23mg , did not mention dosage . Also , I bought the cat treats that hide pills inside . You just take one of the cat treats -LRB- buy in pet store -RRB- and put the pill inside the little indent , close up the treat -LRB- with the pill inside -RRB- and put with your cats dried food . He/She just eats it like dinner ! We are now seeing dark where white was ! Also , rubbing rosemary and thyme on your hands before petting your cat is a good way to stop fleas from bugging him/her .
 One of my five cats had visible worm fragments and he was also very bloated . He ate a TON . I knew there was something wrong , and after the research on the active ingredient , I decided that this was the easiest option instead of trucking my guy down to the vet for the same pill that 'd probably cost me a lot more . -LRB- I 'm guessing the vet would need a fecal sample and money to test that too . . -RRB- I stuff one pill in a greenies pill pocket , and since my guy is a bit ravenous and a mooch , he just chowed it down . I swear the next day he was noticeably less bloated . And I did n't see another worm fragment again . All my other cats have no symptoms , so none of them got the pill , but I am pretty good at cleaning the 3 litter boxes I have every day . The dosing instructions are on the package , my guy is ~ 11lbs so I gave him a whole pill . They are not that large , a cats throat can totally accommodate the pill .
 Is as difficult to make a cat take as any cat med , but once we got her to swallow it , I never saw any more signs of worms , and she seems a little happier too ! I 'll definitely use this any time my cat gets tapeworms .
 Well i gave a pill each to my 3 cats , 2 of them are about 10 months and it was easy when giving it to them.First I let them smell it , as I was carrying them belly side up , although not all the way laying horizontally . I put the pill in their mouths , it only took but a few seconds.However , the smaller one , who was about 3-4 months was a bit harder , actually alot harder . She would n't let the pill go inside her mouth , she would spit it immediately . I eventually cut the pill in smaller pieces , let 's say 4 , and tried the same , it took some time but she finally swallowed them.The pills worked immediately , as fast as the next day no more little white-ish yellow-ish rice looking things.They were leaving those everywhere so that 's how I decided to try these pills.I 'm glad I did , they really did work and I am happy with no little rice thinguies laying everywhere.So i highly recommended it .
 I was very upset when I discovered that my cat had worms . I was then expecting to have an expensive vet bill to go along with it and then be forced to purchase an overpriced prescription . I was pleasantly surprised to find there were products online . I chose Tape Worm Tabs because it seemed reasonably priced and had the ingredient Praziquantel . I received the product in about 3 days and gave one to my cat and we have n't seen any signs of worms since . I did n't notice any reactions in my cat but I put her outside just incase it caused her to have diarrhea .
 My cats got infested with fleas and I had a hard time getting them under control , as a result I had many outbreaks of tapeworm in my three cats . The vet bills got expensive after awhile , and since I had learned to identify tapeworm infection , with some research , I deemed these safe . I am an infectious disease researcher myself , so I do have some experience . These do work , BUT please ALWAYS check with the veterinarian FIRST before you try to self treat your pets . The wrong treatment for the wrong diagnosis can lead to damaging consequences .
 I had purchased these and gave them to my cat and in a day or two the worms were all gone , workd great . The hardest part in put the pill in the cats throat . I had used them once before and came back for a second time . It seems each year my cat gets worms . I fell they work wonderful and cheaper than going to a VET .
 Originally got this because two out of my three cats had tapeworms . Gave the cats the tablets and it worked within a day.Other than that I did n't notice any odd or unusual side effects .
 Got a cat from our local shelter . Turns out that she had tapeworms -LRB- I found segments coming our of her butt -RRB- . We got this stuff from our local pet store for $ 23 . 2 hours later , I go and check on her and there are complete tapeworms all over the floor . THIS STUFF works !!!
 My cats get tape worms about every 3 or 4 months , even though they are inside cats . These work very fast , as in instantly , and save me a huge amount in vet bills .
 When I lived in Georgia , my cats were ALWAYS getting tapeworms . It made me feel like a bad parent until I was told that it happens a lot . However , every time it happened , I could n't afford to keep going back to the vet to get ANOTHER prescription . I was told about these , looked up the reviews , and decided to buy . I am so glad I did . Half a tab for 2 of my cats and 1 for the other and they were G-O-N-E-GONE !
 These tape worm tablets always get the job done . Got them for about half what they cost at retailers . The bottle provides 3 pills which is 2 to 3 treatments depending on the size of your cat -LRB- I use 1.5 for one treatment -RRB- . Worms are gone , and stay gone after applying Advantage to the cat . We just skipped a treatment , so we had to use this again . I crush this up in ` grilled tuna in GRAVY ' and my cat eats it up , semi-reluctantly , but she gets it all down with this method . It 's great to see her up and about after this medication is finished clearing out the worms . The only visual side effect of this is that she will sniff everything non-stop for a few days after she 's been treated .
 Never have difficulty again getting your kitty to swallow a pill . Use ` pill pockets ' ~ they are great ! The kitty thinks they are getting a kibble and gobble it right up ! Medicine goes down like a charm ! The soft kibble has openings on both ends and you slip the pill in , sweeze it shut and give to kitty . Hope this helps!Greenies Pill Pockets for Cats , Chicken , 1.6 ounce
 This product works great . . i am very pleased with these pills ... they could not have worked any better . . great savings fro the vet bills !! no traumatic trip to the vet . . i merely crushed them and sprinkled the powder onto my finicky cats food and he ate it like it wasnt even there !! in less than 48 hrs , no more worms ... my cats happy , , i 'm happy !!
 It 's the only thing that I found to work and fast . My cats hate the tast though so I take a tablet crush it up and disolve it into a tiny amount of milk . Then I draw it into a plastic syringe , hold the cat and squirt it into their mouth . After that I do n't notice anymore tapeworms . I received the product quickly , in just a few days .
 This product is excellent for cats . I have used it for years and the price on Amazon is the best .
 Worms are disgusting . One of our cats was starting to over-groom his belly to the point of baldness , we think because of the worms . The `` tape worm tabs '' required getting one tablet into each cat 's mouth -LRB- a dangerous job but thankfully the tablets were small -RRB- and then within three days , the gross sesame-seeds were gone . A nice side effect of the pills was the total lethargy that our cats had for a day or two
 These work like a charm , but getting your cat to eat it can be difficult ! I even tried crushing it and putting it in some tuna ... to no avail.What works for me ... wrap 1/2 a tablet up in a piece of soft cheese , like Velveeta . Feed them just one `` treat '' at a time , and they usually eat it so fast , and come looking for more ! Repeat for the rest of the dose , usually 1 tablet total .
 So my cat had worms , I ordered this , it came within a week and I mashed up a pill and mixed it in with some wet food . 3 days later I do n't find a single sesame-like gross thing on my bed and I 'm very happy with those results ! It 's a great product . It works , and it works fast . I definitely recommend this to someone who does n't have enough time or money to take their cat to the vet and have stool tests and other prescription drugs .
 gets rid of tape worms fast with no side effects that I saw . received product faster than promised which i appreciate .
 I purchased the Tape Worm Tabs and they work great ! No more worms ~ after 1 dose . These tabs work very effectively for worm removal and it 's nice they can now be purchased without a prescription . Shopping with Amazon was a breeze , so easy and efficient and at my front door in just a few days . They had the lowest price too !
 Very fast shipping , took maybe 2 or 3 days . I mashed the pill up and put it in my cat 's food , he did n't seem to notice at all .
 This produst works as well as any prescription . The price is the best from any store . Only problem ? The pill is a bit large so be ready to fight your cat or have a helper . I do n't think it tastes bad to them , fortunately , but it does disintegrate quickly . -LRB- this was a good thing for a cat who just wouldnt swallow it , as it melted more and more on each attempt and eventually was small enough to force to swallow-this is how I know it does n't taste bad as the cat never foamed or freaked out -RRB- I very much recommend this product and this store . Quick shipping too !
 This is the right stuff to use . It is very effective ; you give your cat one tablet and never see another worm segment!This is the same medication -LRB- praziquantel -RRB- that your vet gives a cat . It was changed to over-the-counter status last year . Other cat wormers do not affect the common flea tapeworm . If a cat accidentally eats an infected flea while grooming , the poor cat gets intestinal worms . -LRB- Another reason to control fleas . -RRB- It 's hard to be affectionate with your feline friend when you can see excreted segments .
 We faithfully take our cat to the vet - as should everyone who owns pets ! However , when I suspected tapeworms , we were in a very tough spot financially with literally no `` wiggle room '' . I read tons of stuff online and ended up ordering these tabs . I crushed one up and hid it in some wet food and my cat ate it up . We have had no problem since . I think next time I would try to figure out how to give a cat a whole pill at once so I do n't have the stress of wondering whether or not he will eat the whole thing ! I do n't suggest medicating a pet on a regular basis , but for a healthy pet who will see the vet soon or has just seen the vet , this can work !
 Last year I took my cat to the vet for worms and the vet charged me $ 100 + . When the same symptoms came back this year I decided to buy some over the counter medication instead . I was able to successfully crush the medication and mix it with some tuna and my cat finished all of the tuna without noticing it . The next day he was already feeling much better and the symptoms were gone . I highly recommend this product .
 This is the same ingredient and strength as you get from your vet for tapeworms , but at a MUCH cheaper price . I live in Florida and have 7 cats I 've gotten from rescue and shelter places , so I 've seen tapeworms a few times . My vet knows I know what a tapeworm segment looks like when I see one , so I could get the medicine from her , but it costs a LOT more -LRB- about 6 times more than this ! -RRB- . Even the local pet store has this exact medicine but at about 3 times the cost you can find it here on Amazon . So , I was very happy to find it here . All it took was one dose to get rid of the tapeworms the 7th kitty came with . And , I still have a couple extra doses in case a tapeworm-infected flea gets in and one of the kitties eats it -LRB- that 's how tapeworms are transmitted for anyone who might not know already -RRB- . I will definitely buy this again here on Amazon if/when I need more!Highly recommend this product .
 If you ca n't find the instructions , they are hidden in the cardboard packaging . After you remove the bottle of pills , use your fingernail to pry open the cardboard , even though it looks like a single piece . It 's actually folded over , so you can find the dosage instructions if you persist . For your convenience , I 'm reprinting the dosage and administration :4 pounds and under - 1/2 tablet5-11 pounds - 1 tabletOver 11 pounds - 1 and 1/2 tabletsNot recommended for use in kittens less than 6 weeks of age.My cat is a Bengal with HUGE fangs , so there 's no way I 'm going to try to poke something down his throat . Plus , he is a finicky eater - there are some wet foods that he wo n't eat - so I was a little worried about how I would give the medication . But , for the price , it was worth a try . I crushed 1 and 1/2 tablets of this medication , added it to his favorite wet food , and he gobbled it right down . I ca n't vouch for its effectiveness yet , but I 'll try to remember to post an update .
 Excellent product ! fast shipping , , get the cat to swallow the pill , worms gone the next day , , , , , got ta swallow it , they wo n't eat it ground up in ANYTHING !
 Product worked as promised . Only one-half pill for kitten . As always , best value from Amazon .
 We used this to deworm our semi-wild kitties in the backyard.The one who absolutely had worms ate it mixed in with wet cat food.Two of the others hated the smell and would n't touch it.Feral cats do n't take to well to being forced to take anything , so I hope it does n't come to that.It is a good product , though . Our cats weigh about 11 to 12 pounds so the dose was1 1/2 tabs per cat . Be sure to read the dosage instructions carefully.The price here is much better than I can get locally and shipping was very fast .
 My cat had tape worm , I bought this product and gave him one tablet . Within one day he was feeling like his old self and was looking much better
 The product arrived faster than I thought . As for feeding the tablets to the cat , it was alot easier than everyone had me thinking . I broke it up onto four pieces and stuffed each piece into a piece of a raw hotdog . I held the cat in my lap and put her head back , gently pulled her mouth open and placed it in the back of her mouth . Then I continued to hold her head back while she chewed and swallowed the piece . I did this for each piece . Stopping and petting her for a few seconds in between . I was done in two minutes . Very easy and I walked away with no scratches . The medicine seems to have done the trick . I 'm not seeing anymore worms .
 When I noticed my kitten had worms , I bought this product right away!Let me tell you ... it works ! It truly does . BEFORE YOU USE THIS PRODUCT , you need to make sure your cat does not have fleas . Fleas are the cause of the worms so its a bit foolish to try to rid your cat of the worms when they have fleas.Easiest way to give your cat these huge pills is to put a small -LRB- tiny , tiny , tiny -RRB- amount of milk into a cup , placing that huge pill into the back of the throat & pouring it down forcing them to swallow QUICKLY AND EASILY ! Like cake . -LRB- Have someone help you by either holding your cats mouth open or pouring the milk down their throat -RRB- I have 3 cats , so I treated them all and it was so easy doing it this way . I impressed myself .
 I purchased for one of our cats about 6 weeks ago . She had tapeworm segments and I needed something that would work quickly . I purchased them at the local pet store and it was the last one on the shelf . It was pricey at about 10 bucks a tablet.I gave it to both our cats -LRB- one tablet each -RRB- . They are about 10 pounds each . I noticed within 36 hours there were no more signs of tapeworm segments . Both cats to this day are just fine .
 A friend who used to work as a vet tech recommended this product to me -LRB- the same stuff the vet uses btw , and I checked my kitty records just to be sure -RRB- . BEST IDEA EVER ! I will preface my review with the mention that I have taken my kitties in their 2 years of life to the vet multiple times for flea drops , flea injections , capstar tablets , stool studies , and 6 dewormings . After countless dollars spent , they still had fleas and worms . I had tried getting rid of their bedding , vacuuming daily , flea bombing the house , and finally gave up . After moving to a new apartment no more fleas , leading me to believe the neighbor cat was sharing his . Either way , I use frontline every month on my kitties and now needed them dewormed but ca n't afford $ 200 to take them both back to the vet , have more stool studies , and get the deworming pill . No problem , thanks to Amazon for $ 13 and no need to break out the kitty carriers the problem is solved!The tablets are no more tricky to give to kitties than other medications , but they must taste terrible . They are about the size of an adult aspirin , which is smaller than some antibiotics I have given to the kitties in the past . No problem though . Each of my kitties weighed enough to get 1 and 1/2 tablets and the tablets are scored making them easy to break . I coated them in butter , and my boy kitty swallowed his like a champ . My girl kitty , however , ended up needing hers crushed in a very small amount of butter -LRB- she chewed and spit them out a few times so I did n't want to mix it in food in case she did n't eat it all -RRB- and I simply placed a little in her mouth at a time . She frothed at the mouth , but that happens at the vet too so I did n't think much of it . I should mention I have always done this by myself and wrap the kitties in a towel and put their backs to my belly and sit while doing this , lift their chin up with the palm of my left hand and gently separate the jaw with my thumb and middle finger , and using my right hand grab the butter coated pill that I cleverly had ready and in reach and presto , back as far into the mouth it goes and then keep their head as far back as possible until they swallow . I have done this for years and years , and it has always worked Plus , I feel the need to mention 24 hours later no more worms ! If I ever need deworming again , this is the product I will turn to !
 This product was what my cats needed . They were growing thin and I thought that must be due to their age . Then I thought that may need to be rid of internal parasites so I purchased the tap worm tablets . Fast delivery . And in 3 weeks I now have fluffy cats ! Will use this product again on an annual basis !
 It works !! I used the 3 tabs on 1cat & 3kittens . The gave the momma cat a full pill , the smallest kitten got half a tab and the other 2 each received 3/4 of a tab . No more worms have been seen and it 's been a month , I check at least 3 times a day just to make sure they are n't back .
 This item completely met my expectations ! My cat was feeling better as soon as the next day . and there have been no signs for needing another dosage , just one did the trick .
 I did plenty of research online to find a product that was safe and effective in removing worms . This did everything I expected it to and my cat did n't have any strange side effects . Great product and I highly recommend it .
 Great product . I wo n't ever bother with the weak products I see in the store again !
 This packaging is perfect because there 's one dose for each of our 3 cats in each bottle . Sure , it 'd be nice if it had more ... but whatever . One of our cats got worms right before I got out of the hospital . I was home recovering when I had the unfortunate luck of discovering the worms . EEEEEEWW !! I did n't have the money to take him to the vet , so I bought these . They worked great . I did n't have much problems giving the pill to our cats . I totally recommend these pills !
 Unlike the products you find at the local department/grocery store , this stuff works . I have used it twice - once when I rescued a cat that was abandoned , and again a year later when the same cat picked up worms from the other animals we moved in with - both times the product worked within hours . And unlike the Big Box pet stores , it is affordable , even with shipping . You get three pills and instructions on dosage -LRB- varies by weight -RRB- .
 This is a great product . I only had to give my cat one pill . It worked right away and the price is very good compared to going to the vets and getting the same thing.I would highly recommend this product .
 Tape worm tabs are as good as promised . It works in 24 hours . The cat hates it , but I immediately reward him with some nice , canned cat food :-RRB- I love it .
 This product did the trick . My cat feels better . Easy to order , fast shipping , easy to use . I would recomend this product . Thanks .
 Product is one i have ordered before . Nothing extreme with any side effects . Just Loose stool , and one kitty vomitted , which is normal . Product was well price , so places are charging twice what i had paid . Product came sooner then expected , would deffinately order from this seller again !
 These work great , and almost instantly ! We have 3 cats , and these contain 3 tablets . It can sometimes be hard to get the cats to take them , but we found it to be easiest by holding them and tilting their head up and opening their mouths , then dropping the pill in . Then they will swallow it . We noticed it working the next day and it took care of the problem ! Great product !
 I have given this pill to one cat so far , with pill pockets and no problem . My fussier cat took half a tablet in pill pockets , then realized there was medication in it and refused the rest . I 'm going to try crushing the rest and putting it in her food tonight . We 'll see ! I have heard that this medication is high effective , from friends in the veterinary business . I just hope my cat will take the rest.I wanted to address the `` no dosage on the package '' issue that so many people have included in their reviews . There is actually quite a bit of information on the medication and dosage on the package . It 's just that the cardboard packaging is folded into two , then has the bottled sealed in with plastic in the middle . After removing the bottle , simple unfold the cardboard for the medication details .
 I volunteer with an animal rescue group and i bring home a lot of foster cats . this product works great for those dreaded tape worms . it is easy to administer and , even better , its cheap ! i highly recommend
 Wanted to try on my own to get rid a my cat 's tapeworm . I had seen the white pieces of the worm on her rectum . It was 3 pills . The first one was wasted , mainly my fault . The second one was given in a really good treat . I think she ate most of it . Have not seen any tell-tell signs on her rectum since then so I am assuming it worked . The delivery was very fast . I will use them again .
 Giving a pill is so much easier to get down their throat then trying to add liquid to food as they usually notice and avoid eating . Also the pills were so much cheaper then going to a vet clinic .
 Pet stores especially have this stuf for 15-25 often ... at 10 here it 's the best deal I 'm finding at the moment . I have a dose left from treating the stray who adopted us , this season we just saw another of our cats infected ... with 8 cats in our family -LRB- living door by door -RRB- I 'm keeping a bottle or 2 on hand till we have the flea/worm thing clear for over 2 weeks!Crush the dose -LRB- 1/2 -1.5 tabs per cat depending on weight -RRB- & put it in just a smaaaall bit of wet food . I out away the all-day dry food supply for a bit & then serve tiny medicated dinners to the cats getting meds . After the whole dose is down the real dinner comes . Praziquantel works fast - the worms are digested within an hour or less . The cat can get re-infested if worm segments -LRB- containing eggs -RRB- are still around -LRB- in their fur , bedding etc -RRB- Also fleas eat the worm egs , then cats swallow some fleas while grooming/scratching . Hit everyone with good flea meds -LRB- many of the nice squirt-on-the-shoulder kinds kill the fleas within 20-30 min & are eeaasssyy . Awful pricey for me every month with 5 cats of my own ... but if I see worms - -LRB- shudder -RRB- it 's worth it !! So - flea baths here -LRB- cause I 'm out of fancy shoulder meds -RRB- ordering flea med & another 2 bottles of this just in case more then just the one cat is infected!Thankfully she is anti-social & does n't spend time around the other cats if she can avoid it !
 This product worked perfectly , it eliminated all the worms my cat was experiencing . The tablets worked very quickly and my cat did n't even notice when mixed with her food . Will buy again if needed , hopefully not lol .
 I tried to use a different liquid paste like dewormer I bought from a local vet supply . Although I had measured and weighed the dosage for the cat this didnt work . I bought this one and measured the dosage accordingly and it worked well . Although he didnt like taking the pill . I did use the second dosage the following 2 weeks after the first to nbe sure . So far everything is just fine .
 I recently received this Product and the Dosage is Clearly marked as 1 Tablet for a 5-11 lb Cat . 1/2 Tab under 5 lbs and 1 and 1/2 over 11 lbs . AND the Tablets are NOT too big for my 5-8 lb Cats . Lift the Cat by the Scruff of the Neck and stick the pill as far back on the tongue as possible . Had to do it twice with one Cat 'cause she does n't have much `` Scruff '' but it 's relatively painless for Cat and Owner . I ca n't really attest to the effectiveness at this point.Hope this clears up some of the misinformation .
 Tradewinds is amazing . I gave one and a half tabs to my cat and within 3 days , the segments disappeared and so far it has been several months and my cat has been tapeworm free -LRB- no segments seen ! -RRB- . The tabs must taste disgusting , as I had to put the tabs in some wet food , and whatever my cat did n't finish -LRB- he actually ate around one of the tabs -RRB- , I had to force feed him . Once it went down though , all was well.The cardboard backing on the bottle indicates how many tabs to give to your cat as the medication must be given according to the cat 's weight . My cat was 12 lbs , and that was 11/2 tabs.The tapeworm segments are one of the most disgusting things I have ever encountered * shiver * , and Tradewinds took care of the entire tapeworm issue in a quick manner . The worms die in the cat and are absorbed so you wo n't see an actual tapeworm come out or see it in your cats feces.P.S.Be sure to treat your house and cat for fleas since fleas are the intermediary host of tapeworms -LRB- cats ingest the infected flea , and the tapeworm begins his life in the cat and in 2 weeks , that is when you see the segments -RRB- !
 What can I say ? They work.When we realized our cats had worms , we ordered these pills . Once we got the cats to actually take them , they worked within a day . The cats did not seem to like the taste . We had to put the pills into cans of wet food to get the cats to eat them , and one of them tried to spit it out . Eventually , they all ate them , and the worms were gone within two days . Weeks later , there are no signs of the worms in any of the cats .
 This is , I think , the best bang for your buck when it comes to removing tapeworm.Works within a couple of hours.I crush it into some soft food and kitty cant tell the differance.Why spend a hundred bucks at the vet ?
 Followed the instructions ... 2 days later , all gone ! And about half the price of a vet-prescribed medicine .
 This product actually worked !! I am so shocked ! My cat had no reactions to it -LRB- bad of course -RRB- It was a pain to get him to take the tablet though . . I tried breaking it up and putting it in Tuna , Cat food , shoving it in his mouth . . Nothing worked LOL . He FINALLY ate the tuna after I took away his other food ... So that is my suggestion . . Take away their other food . . then break up in powder -LRB- no pieces at all -RRB- & mix in wet food or tuna . . something like that . I was told -LRB- online -RRB- this stuff tastes Nasty so they dont like it . But if they are hungry they will eat it !!
 This product worked great . I had tried various kinds of liquid wormers and they did not work . After just one tablet , worms were gone . I would highly recommend this product .
 Tape Worm tabs work fast ! I highly recommend . However , when I crushed them and put them in wet food , my smart cats knew it and refused to eat it ! Waste of 3 tabs . I was glad I had ordered extras . This time I force fed them and it worked right away .
 I bought this after reading many of the reviews , and I concur . They work . My kittens also love the taste of tasty fleas and after a lovely meal of a delicate flea , they end up with booty worms . This is not that hard to administer . I just sneak up on them and pet them , and in a swift maneuver , I squeeze their jaws open and toss the pill as far back as I can , and then hold their mouths closed till I feel they 've swallowed . I hate the dirty looks I get during this process , but it has to happen . I reward the kittens with frozen scraps of fish that I save for special occasions and they stop hating me soon thereafter . My new vet is charging $ 23 per kitty for their prescription pill , and I get 3 pills for $ 14 on Amazon , so if you can get the kitty to trust you enough to shove it down their throat , you can save a lot of money if your cats love to eat fleas as a little treat .
 MY KITTY WAS FEELING PRETTY POORLY . UP ALL NIGHT AND DAY UNCOMFORTABLE WITH WORMS ... LEFT A MESS IN HER BED , AND EVERYWHERE SHE 'D SIT ... THERE THEY WERE ... THOSE LITTLE WIGGLY WORMS CRAWLING OUT OF HER BEHIND . BOUGHT THESE TAPE WORM TABLETS AND GAVE HER ONE ... FOLLOWED UP TWO WEEKS LATER WITH ANOTHER DOSE ... AND NO MORE WORMS ! SHE 'S A HAPPY KITTY NOW ! SO ARE WE !
 This dog makes karate sounds when you squeeze it . My dog is hilarious when she plays with it .
 It 's not indestructable but it does keep going and going and going with my pit bull . I like that the talking part went before the plush .
 first time purchase from this seller ... item received in good condition and the item was just as described ... will recommend this seller ... shipped in good time too ... thanks !!!
 This was a great and appropriate gift for a young boy who is so serious about his Karate classes & doing all of his practices . It has four different shouts that are true sounding , easily recognizable by anyone even slightly familiar with the martial art.This should not be advertized just as a dog toy . When I gave this to the boy , there were other boys and girls in the room who take karate lessons with him who immediately wanted one of these for their own . It was a big hit!Also , years ago , a friend of mine got one of these as a gift -LRB- like a table favor -RRB- at a martial arts conference or seminar . They were a hit there too !
 Our dog loves this toy . It is not the most durable , but that does n't seem to matter . We 'd buy another one .
 I bought this for a dog we had to have put to sleep this last May . She just did n't really ever get turned on by it , maybe she was on the older side when we bought it , but it was one that sat in her toy basket and we probably played with it more than her . We had to have her put to sleep , and could not be without a nice warm fuzzy critter and got another rescue dog to replace her . This second dog is nuts about this toy , it is definitely her favorite . Some toys were from the other dog and we added plenty to her basket , but this one she goes ape over . She can be hard on toys , but this one has survived her punishment more than any of her others , but she did manage to take a couple of parts off of it . So I thought I would search for it here on Amazon , and sure enough I found it tonight so she will get another , one that will be her own . There is one other toy that freaks her out so bad I had to put it away . It was a real small latex Canadian Goose , and when you squeaked it the wings would pop out from its side . One day I got her worked up with it and heard some noises in the living room , walked back in to find her on the sofa trying to dig a hole to try and bury it . That one is in the basement hidden now , but she loves her Karate kid . She is a Dachshund/Shar Pei mix , with a long snout and long legs , but only about 28 pounds .
 I tried using this . But the smell will not dissolve from my two parakeet . I feel like I am intoxicating my birds even more . Usually I would give them warm bath and it would be sufficient . The product does say not toxic but as the owner of bird , I dont think I will use any kind of product chemical necessary . I tried it once and never will.As for this product , if you are a bird owner and is careful with using and feeding things to your birds , I dont mind you trying it . My birds doesnt like it much but maybe yours will :] .
 I do n't use it inside the crate , but put it on the floor with a pad beneath . My puppy loves it ! She wo n't go pee pee anywhere except on this floor grill . It keeps her hair and paws clean.Great for training , and very easy to clean .
 My dog loves this ball . It is her favorite toy and when she ca n't get us to play with her , I have seen her run around the house playing with this by herself .
 Okay , My mom is saying that this is the best pet product out there for small pups -LRB- by small I mean a puppy weighing in @ 5 lbs @ 5 months old and not much more then 5 inch in clearance from underbelly -RRB- / I bought this 5 inch for my moms Bolognese . I was concerned of the diameter of the ball and his neck muscles . Well , I was overly concerned . The pup took to this ball like it was no body 's business and within 2 weeks , my mom has taught her Bolognese to fetch , return ... -LRB- although , Ma reports they are still working on the `` drop '' part -RRB- . She says it very sturdy and said it was quite the bargain for the price . Very sturdy for a chewing puppy.PS do n't be overly concerned about not being able to choose your own color . My ma was sent the `` red '' -LRB- Typically a `` bad color for any animal -RRB- and it was not an issue for the puppy at all .
 My husband built his own chameleon habitat and filled it with various leaves . He wanted to add colorful leaves to see how the chameleon changes colors in reaction to each leaf . He ordered the Flukers Repta-Vine Red Coleus from PETS MART online since `` supposedly '' they only sell it online well the total came to 25.00 . When he got the package he was disappointed to find just the green coleus no red ones . He called and they told him they sent him that since they didnt have the red one and that they only sell the red ones in stores and he 'd have to pay for the shipping to send it back costing us more money . He then ordered from PETCO same thing happened . They keep advertising `` RED '' Coleus and kept sending the green . Thus costing us more money for other peoples mistakes . We ordered from this seller ready to expect the green vines but this seller sent us EXACTLY what we ordered ... the RED coleus . It was cheaper and my husband was SOOOO happy ! The cage has had a beautiful makeover with the red leaves and my chameleon Jack is loving it . Thanks a bunch !
 Small birds -LRB- and larger birds too , for that matter -RRB- need to swallow some grit or same so that food can be ground up in their craw . This is a good product for anyone keeping small birds -LRB- finches , canaries , parakeets -RRB- . The birds will instinctively ingest some it as needed . It should be kept out in the cage at all times .
 This is a tried and true product ... aids in bird digestion . I have raised finches for years -LRB- some zebras have lived to be 12 ! -RRB- and I find that adding a bit of charcoal and hi-cal grit to the usual mix you can find in pet stores keeps my birds a lot healthier longer . Amazon seems to be the easiest place to find this product . Few animal stores stock it .
 Our cat , Lucian , has developed an odd attachment to his Rabbit Tail chaser . He 's had it for years but has suddenly taken to `` talking '' to it when he thinks he 's alone . He carries it in his mouth and yowls as he walks - sometimes dropping it at our feet , like it 's prey . We bought him three more , which he also moves from room to room , but he only seems to `` talk '' to the rabbit .
 Our cats have four of these CatTails and they rarely play with anything else . They sleep close to them , lay almost on them at times and love to flip them all over the house.Besides their Boogie Mats , these are tops.J Anthony
 This has been a good toy for our five cats . Some of our cats will curl up with the toy . Two cats who particularly like jumping for things like having it tossed at them so that they can jump up and catch it . They also like sitting in the cat tree and having it thrown upward so they can snatch it out of the air .
 I just got this for a feral cat I adopted last week . Even with the other toys and nip I bought him , he was totally disinterested . I ordered this and the boogie mat and he 's going NUTS ! It 's so good to see him having fun . This is GREAT toy !
 My cat does n't really play with it , but he absolutely loves this toy . It 's his favorite . He always rubs his face on it and licks it and sleeps while holding it . It 's soooo cute ! I 've never seen him get so attached to a toy before and I 've had him for 7 years !
 My cats loved their tail chaser toy immediately . They love to bite and snuggle with it . It 's definitely their favorite toy .
 This is one of the cutest toys I have seen for cats . He loves to carry things around by the tail and this should suit his tastes .
 This is our cat Bongo 's favorite toy , we call it `` Fat Mouse '' and she 's had it for years - it 's still in great shape ! Fat Cat toys are the best - great quality that last a LONG time , and the only toys our cat will play with .
 The toy 's long tail provides something to swing it with , and my cat seems to like it better than her other cat toys -LRB- except the water bottle lids that she plays soccer with -RRB- . It does n't seem to be something she wants to play with on her own -LRB- if you are worried about providing entertainment to bored kitties during the work day -RRB- , but she enjoys it best about bedtime with me providing the locomotion .
 My cat libby loves it . she drags it around the house . It is one of her favorite toys .
 Great toy ! I bought one of these for my cats several years ago ... they still love and play with it today so it 's kind of beat up . This is the first time I 've seen the toy so I bought a replacement . And they love this one as much as they do the old beat up one .
 My cats love it ! They chase it around the house and steal it from each other ... Great toy !
 My cat found this hidden in a double bag . good catnip smell but need a way to repace the catnip .
 This is my little kitten favorite toy . He has so much fun with it all the time ... It is the best thing to see him enjoy his toy so much ... I definetely recommend it .
 These are my dogs favorite toys . He loves that they `` talk '' to him . He is constantly digging them out of his toy basket .
 Worked well for the 12 hour flight from Seattle to Okinawa , Japan . Worth the cost .
 Brownie really loves it and it 's soooo cheap for the amount you get . However , these treats should be limited because there is corn syrup , food coloring and all that other junk , so it 's not very healthy . Once in a while is okay .
 This does the same thing as the charcoal with a lot less mess . It is a pain to have to remove the charcoal packet every time I put in an algae treatment . I just set up a new aquarium and for some reason the algae has been very difficult control . Correction , it has been out of control but I 'm winning the battle . I recommend these and believe you will like them too .
 Have not used them yet but arrived as expected . Have read about ceramic rings and their usefulness for maintaining helpful bacteria in aquarium filtration . Will update after having used them .
 We bought this for our Teddy Bear Hamster -LRB- they are the long - haired hamsters -RRB- and it is so soft and cute ! Rosie likes it and it gets off any dead hair and it is great for pet - owner bonding time.Highly recommended for long-haired hamsters !
 We have had the product for about three months now . I have four dogs , three Corgi 's and a Pomeranian . All four are always outside , they have crates , food and water in a heated garage and can enter and exit as they wish . The dogs love to chase cars and ATV 's on the county road and farm equipment in the fields.I have a neighbour who has an `` underground '' fence and his dogs figured out they could run right through it.So , we decided to try this system . Overall I would say it is excellent in that it does what we want it to do . It does keep the dogs by the house and not down on the road or in the fields.We did have some trouble training the dogs . Finding out where to place the flags was a problem . I would walk directly out from the base unit until the collar beeped and then place a flag . Then I would walk back to the house and then walk out again , most times the flag placement was accurate , but some times I could walk 300 feet away and the collar would not beep . We called the help line and they were very helpful and told us to turn the unit down . After that the flag placement -LRB- boundary -RRB- was reproducible.I would not say I have the smartest dogs but we followed the training schedule and it was way longer than they needed . Now it may sound cruel but the first time they were `` corrected '' they ran flat out for safety.Now maybe I should not tell you this either but I took one of the collars and placed it on my wrist and I started to walk down the driveway . It was set a level 5 . About 150 feet from the house I got a good shock . Not a touching an electric fence shock , not a cattle prod shock but a get my attention shock . Now I hope you do n't think I am weird , for you see I grew up on a farm and sometimes things happen . You know you were told the fence was off but ... Anyways we take their collars off at night and secure them in their crates -LRB- otherwise they will bark at deer in the woods all night long -RRB- . Now maybe I should not tell you this but there has been a couple of times where we put the collars on in the morning and forgot to turn on the transmitter . So without the collar they will run all over , but with the collar on they stay up by the house . Interestingly it does not seem to matter is the unit is on or off . A conditioned response?Early on I witnessed one of the dogs take off for the road with the system on . Running flat out ! It ran through the boundary and then stopped dead , looked at me -LRB- like it was my fault -RRB- and ran to me as fast as it could . Now maybe they `` try '' the system while I am at work but I have never seen one of the dogs outside the boundary with its collar and the base unit on!One of the dogs has its collar but has lost the sensor , somewhere out in the snow . We have looked everywhere and can not find it . This dog has regressed to its former behavior . A vehicle drives by and it runs down to chase it . So we have ordered a new collar.Maybe the next generation the collar will have GPS and an iPhone app `` Find My Collar . `` This summer we are going camping and rather than tie the dogs to a tree we will give this system a test in the campground.So on the upside ; I am very impressed for it definitely trains the dogs to stay inside the boundary.On the downside
 It 's nice to be able to buy a replacement collar without buying the whole unit . It would be nice to also be able to purchase just the canvas part . Love this system ! It absolutely works for my Jack Russell terrier .
 We have 3 dogs . Our 13 yo shepherd/collie mix has had the same collars for many years and it 's still great . We adopted 2 large mixes this summer and at 8 months , they 've broken one of the plastic clasps , so after 2 months we already have to replace the red collar part . Other than that , we 've been very pleased with the ability to adjust the strength of the correction to suit the dog 's personality and all 3 dogs stay in the yard now . We are even able to let the puppies out without a collar - we rotate the remaining good collar back and forth between them until we can get the other fixed . Take the time to train them to the collar the right way and you should n't have any problems . They know the beep and the flags and they understand what they mean . Trauma free , stress free , and free to run in the space we have .
 Bought the whole system for our first dog &#8211; got him at a rescue shelter . When my daughter stumbled across another dog at the local pound , I had to purchase a second collar.Works perfect . I would suggest though , depending on the dog , getting the additional battery packs . Very convenient to have on hand .
 My dog needs two collars to stay inside his wireless fence and sometimes one will disappear for no reason . Guess he eats it , so I keep a back up . This was a great price , cheaper than the stores ...
 Well I got this for my extremely hyper doberman that lives with my in my neighborhood . I 've had this radio system for a few years now and have to buy a replacement collar every know and then . I have had no problems out the radio system or the collars other normal wear and tear for the collar . After my doberman got shocked a few times it gave him a new perspective on things ! Now I have the setting on the collar set to the beep level , when he hears it beep he will dang near jump out of his skin to get back where he needs to be . Even true love could n't get him to cross his boundary , he wanted to so bad but just was n't brave enough to make that leap . So I recommend this collar and the radio system .
 great product , it took a while to get my dogs used to to , be sure to watch them carefullyMy dog shot out the door and ran past the boundary , squat to pee and got shocked.for a week he thought he was in trouble for peeing outside.he got over it , it workls well now . I got two for my dogs.Be sure to make sure its on their neck snug .
 This collar has been a lifesaver for our little four-legged babies . The fact we no longer have to worry about them running off brings peace of mind .
 Product arrived within time described . It was new and in original package . Nice to have saved almost $ 30 dollars . The price savings over PETCO and PETSMART makes this a no - brainer !
 Wonderfull item . Purchasing this on Amazon.com saved me almost $ 50.00 from the price given to me at a store . Item came with an extra long collar which is great to adjust the width for the commodity of my dog . If in the future I have purchase the same item I am definatley buying from Amazon . . Great quality . .
 Works great ... we were surprised at how responsive our dogs were to the system . They only crossed the boundary line once , and that 's all they needed . They hear the beep and move back right away .
 We have used the Petsafe Wireless Fence for 2 years and LOVE IT . This is the first collar we 've had to replace . We have 2 big dogs and this contains them ... most of the time . We have had a couple of times where the German Shepherd has `` run the fence '' , but when it happened , the battery happened to be a little low ... and he REALLY , REALLY wanted to follow us . Keep up on your battery replacements .
 We have used this wireless system for about 2 years . It works great . It is so EASY to use . My dog was trained in 2-3 days . It only took 2 shocks to get my dog to stay in the yard . He even stayed in the yard after the battery was dead . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Great service ! My product was mailed promptly with content as promised ! I have experience using this product with my first Dog . The trickis provide ` plenty ' of daily ground training on the boundries and to ` quickly ' retreat when they hear the tone ect . . before you really test the system . The collar works great as promised ... my second dog is in training now . Thank You ! - D from NH , USA
 Great service ! My product was mailed promptly with content as promised ! I have experience using this product with my first Dog . The trickis provide ` plenty ' of daily ground training on the boundries and to ` quickly ' retreat when they hear the tone ect . . before you really test the system . The collar works great as promised ... my second dog is in training now . Thank You ! - D from NH , USA
 I have four Goldens ' this system by Petsafe is the best you can get -LRB- smile -RRB- . I use three base units , which gives me a large area for the dogs . I have been using Petsafe for seven years -LRB- vary happy -RRB- .
 We hava a 120 # mastiff/shepherd mix who has a very strong prey drive . The collar stops him in his tracks . Little training needed before he got the idea of where his bounderies are . The only problem is with the collar . He came in this morning without his collar - again . We searched all over the full boundry but were unable to find it . Leads me to beleive that perhaps battery died without warning and he was somehow able to rub his collar off . He would have had to un-fasten it as his head is too big for it to slip over . In process of ordering 3rd collar and can not help but agree that petsafe has us over a barrel . Wish it were not so expensive as this will probably mean top ramin soup for the rest of the month . Definately going to put receiver on a buckle type collar this time . Other than collar failure and price we love this product .
 This product is great . My dog is very responsive to the collar and pet containment system .
 Surprisingly seems to be working well on the dogs . It does take time to train them , but the instructions are simple to follow . The beeping tone is difficult to hear , especially if noisy outside or hard of hearing . The dogs hear the tone just fine and know when they cross the boundary .
 Items were as described and the most reasonable price I have seen ! Recommend to future buyers ! Easy to do business with !
 ordered new collar because the dog lost his ; order came on time , with a new battery , ready to go ... very pleased !! one week later , the old collar reappeared ; now we have 2 !!
 We followed the directions carefully and now the setup is a success . We have two dogs wearing the collars . The older dog was easy because she does n't tend to wander and is used to non-containment of any kind . The other dog kept blasting through the boundary in a panic with her ears down . It took two of us and a ton of praise then all of a sudden she got it . We now them unattended and the system has been working great .
 After over 5 years of use , it was time to replace our collar/receiver . The battery just did n't fit in the unit anymore . Given how many times our dog managed to get the collar off and we found the unit , it seemed to hold up very well . We 've been using the new collar/receiver for a few weeks and everything seems fine . I really like the new collar style - much easier to get on and off . I just hope it stays cleaner longer than the old one . I 'm glad to see that they sell replacement collars for about $ 10 - it does n't take long for these to get stinky . The fence systems works great - ca n't beat wireless that you can take with you almost anywhere . we have just under 2 acres and our dog seems to have plenty of room to run around our house/yard . No problems with interference . We 've used it in 2 homes of our own and also use it at our parents/sisters homes with no issues . Works great . No complaints . Glad that 5plus year later we could simply buy a replacement collar/receiver . Wished it had lasted longer but 5 yrs is a fair time and our dog really used the heck out of it .
 this product is great . my dogs like to wander around the neighborhood a lot and do n't like to be caged inside a pen . so the wireless collar is a good investment . but several months after we changed the batteries the receiver started to came loose . one fell off when my dogs played wrestle -LRB- i have a yellow lab and an english mastiff -RRB- , and the other went missing for several days until a neighbor found his dog chewing it in his yard -LRB- so the dogs were able to wander around while still wearing the collars . I do n't know how that happened -RRB- . until now i still ca n't find the two screws that attach the receiver to the collar so it 's no use to me and i have to buy a new pair of collars.and the collar seems a bit short compared to my english mastiff 's neck.other than that problems , the system works wonderfully . love it .
 I bought the PIF-300 system when I moved to my new home that did not have a fence around the yard . At first , we were very skeptical about how well it would work on VERY headstrong and enthusiastic dogs -LRB- American Pit Bull Terriers -RRB- . After the boundary was set on the base unit and flags were placed out as visual cues , we let my 12 year old dog out with the collar on . I walked her around the boundary , and it only took the collar beeping a few times and two light shocks for her understand the correlation between the flags , beeping , and the consequential shock . We bought the second collar for my two year male . It took him a little longer to catch on , and we had to increase the shock level from 2 to 3 to 4 . Two weeks later , now we ca n't even coax him past the `` beep '' boundary with his favorite toy or food.This collar is water resistant and not water proof , so DO NOT let your animal in a pool/bath/lake / yard sprinkler with it on . Our dog went into the pool for less than 10 seconds before we caught her , and we had to take all covers off of the box to let water drain out . Even after a thorough drying , the battery low light continually blinks . A second look at the instruction manual showed me that they do indeed warn against this . Lesson learned.I ca n't recommend this system enough .
 Love the fence and the extra collars . . works great . keeps my dogs in the yard where they belong !
 This purchase was an addition collar to go with an existing box . They work very well . The beep lets the dog know when they get close to the perimeter , so they do not usually get shocked more than once . Only downside ... batteries do not last too long .
 We purchased the PetSafe Wireless Fence about 6 months ago and needed to add an additional receiver collar for our newest adoption . We have a German Shorthair Pointer and a Border Collie . The system works well for home and when we visit family in another state . Fencing was not an option on our budget after finishing our new home . The system with one receiver collar was about $ 250 and the additional receiver collar about $ 100 . So , for under $ 400 our two dogs are safe from the road in front of our home and not a nuisance to our neighbors . Training was fairly easy and took a little time each day for about 1 week . Our Collie is a lot newer to the system and came from an open range farm but is adjusting . Our Pointer knows the `` beep-beep '' means `` zap-zap '' if you do n't get back and is quick to respond . The first few weeks he was reluctant to leave the step ! Even without the collar he will not cross the boundary . We leave the collars on in the house but on occasion they will randomly beep ad send the dogs away from where they were . The radius allows us to have less roaming in our front yard as well as a garden area that is out of the safe zone . Overall , I recommend this as a great fix when a fence is just too expensive as well as if you travel . We have a car power adapter but I wish it had the option for a few D batteries !
 This is an awesome product ! We bought the Wireless Pet Containment System last spring for our son 's birthday so he could play in the yard with his dog . The dog is an outside dog and lives as Snoopy . The collar works great , the batteries die fairly quickly because you need to leave it on all the time , but the dog loves the freedom and our son has fun playing with her outside the confines of the chain . The collar is too large for a beagle and leaves a lot of extra hanging over , we made the mistake of cutting it shorter on the first one . That is why we needed to purchase a new one , it fell off and was lost . Do not cut off the excess ! Great product for canine freedom . The price could be a little lower , Amazon was definitely cheapest .
 We have two collars for our two dogs . Work great ! We have had to replace them several times over the last 10 years , but they send you out a new collar with the exchange of your old one for about $ 45 . I do n't think it 's the collar 's fault . Our dogs beat theirs up going up and down the concrete sidewalk by the pool . They are short dogs so the collars bang on the next step . Plus they swim in the pond and pool and put a lot of wear and tear on their collars . We buy our batteries on here by bulk : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RK1PHE/ref=ox_sc_act_title_6Currently it 's $ 23.28 with free shipping so it 's less than $ 3 each and I do n't have to go to the store . Even if our batteries die or we take the collars off the dogs they are fearful of leaving the vicinity so these work great . We have 2.5 acres and put it on the largest radius and it gives them plenty of room to roam .
 We purchased the wireless fence system several years ago for our Black Lab who just loves to run . We live on a very busy road and have two kids . The last thing I wanted was for our kids to see their dog laying dead in the road . The system worked like a dream . Unfortunately , one problem with the original collar that came with our system did not have a low battery indicator light on it . You had to guess when it was about time to change it or take it off of her and take it to the boundaries yourself to see if it still beeped . Well , needless to say , that did n't happen , she figured out that she could get out of bounds and ran like the wind ... She did come home , unfortunately without her collar . So , we were forced to go out and spend another $ 125 on a replacement . I will say that having the low battery indicator light has been a HUGE improvement ! The replacement batteries are more expensive with the new collar , but the light is worth it for us ! Now we are looking to buy another for our boxer puppy who also loves to run !
 My dogs collar stopped working as she was not staying in the yard , so I had to get a new collar and this really works and is great , though I was not sure it ever would since she is an 120 lb dog , but she does not like getting zapped . Love it !!!!!
 WORKS EXCELLENT AND MY DOG LOVES HER FREEDOM FROM BEING TIED UP ON A CHAIN . WORKS WELL WITH MY PET SAFE WIRELESS FENCE SYSTEM .
 We had recently gotten a female German Shepard and found her at the bottom of our driveway one day after we had been playing with her and then got side tracked with something else . Right then we decided we needed to buy a fence to keep her contained because we do n't like to hook our pets out . We were searching for a fence of some kind and came across the petsafe fence . We are so glad we found this !! Shelby can go out and run in the yard and she know 's where her boundaries are and stays in the dooryard . With twin sons in the Air Force being deployed , their wives and dogs came home to stay with us , we bought 3 extra collars and they are all safe . A special feature is that if it accidentally gets unplugged or we lose the electricity the collars are deactivated , and the `` Girls '' do not get shocked !!
 The wireless fence collar works very well . Glad I got an extra for my sister 's dog for when they visit .
 What a relief not to have to chase after the dog ! Expensive ? Yes , but the peace of mind is worth it .
 We 've had a PIF wireless fence system for about 3 years and it 's always worked great for us . We recently added a second dog to the family and picked up an additional collar . Below is a comparison between the original PIF collars and this new one : Pros : - Lighter weight - Low battery indicator - Multiple correction levels - Easy to change the battery - Better range * Cons : - Uses a proprietary battery that I ca n't just go pick up at any store like I can the old collar -LRB- only a problem if you do n't have a major pet store nearby -- which I do n't -RRB- . - More features , easily removable battery , might mean just more stuff to go wrong . - Better range * Ok , I listed `` better range '' as both good and bad , and it is . It 's an improvement on the old collar , so if you 're replacing or have a new fence system , that 's great . If you 're using this collar in conjunction with an old collar then you can expect one dog to have a slightly bigger -LRB- about 40ft diameter -RRB- roaming range then the other . We have a large yard so it 's not an issue , but in a smaller yard , I can see where it could potentially become a problem.All in all , a great product , good , sound construction , and the PIF wireless system has been great for us . The new collar has some advantages and disadvantages to the original one that shipped with the system , but most of the changes are good . The collar -LRB- and the system itself -RRB- is definitely worth the money for its ease of use and for keeping your pet safe . Amazon has it cheaper than I 've seen it anywhere else online .
 My husband and I raise AKC labs and have used the Petsafe Wireless system for years . Our dogs learn quickly where their boundary is , and have not suffered any ill affects from this excellent product . We recommend this product to all purchasers of our Labs . Not only will it keep them safely within the confines of their yard , it prevents them from being hurt by possibly wandering onto nearby busy streets . I 'd rather they be `` warned '' by a very small `` charge '' of electricity than lose them to the wheels of a car . So far , we have purchased 4 of these collars , and I 'm ordering more today . FYI , the company producing these collars really go out of their way to make sure the product is correct and have stood behind their guarantee when we had a small problem with one of them . They sent me a new collar and had us return the old one ... in that order , no questions !! Pretty good customer service in today 's day and age !!! I 'll continue to do business with them !!!
 Implemented according to directions in manual & accompanying video with original unit -LRB- previously purchased for first dog -RRB- . Second dog benefited from consistent training and made appropriate associations with limits provided by flags . New version of collar allows varying degrees of negative consequences ; this improvement proved helpful with training . Flags included with original unit are needed for use in training with 2nd unit . If such flags are not retained , orange utility marking flags can be purchased from a home improvement store . They are taller , brighter and come in larger quantities for less money than a new set of PetSafe flags . PG
 No wire to put in the ground ! This product works great . It takes a little adjusting and with two people -LRB- one inside and one out -RRB- it is a snap . We have a golden and she did not need much correction . Prior to the collar she would run after cars , now she knows her boundries and is safe.Highly recommend !
 I had my doubts that this fence would work for us.we have 2 large rotties and I didnt think it would contain them.The collars make a beeping sound that warns the dog to get back before any shock happens . I am amazed our dogs will not cross the border and if they hear the beep they run backwards in fear.I would say the amount of shock the dog receives seems a little harsh but it really puts the message across . We also like the fact that you can adjust the amount of area depending on our needs
 After debating to buy or not , I decided to buy since my dogs got out of the property -LRB- fenced in , but they jump real high -RRB- . Many people out there will say it 's cruel and that this product should be banned , but let me tell you my story . My dogs got out last winter with one in Animal Control and the other hiding in a corner after getting hit by a car . It took me 4 hours to find her and a scare . She almost lost her life since her lungs colapsed . After 10 days at the Vet hospital -LRB- lucky me a Vet college with full facilities was around since the 24hr hospital did n't have all the needed facilities -RRB- and a $ 10k bill with four months of rehab . my darling pup is alive and well . It 's been almost a year since the great escape and my dogs have not left the property or attempted to jump the fence.Now to get to the actual review , My dogs were afraid to go out and take care of business since when they went too far out they would get buzzed , then again they were also attempting to jump the fence . It took me a while , but I no longer use them as they respect the boundries set by the invisible fence . Once in a blue moon I will put the collars on them to remind them to respect the fence.Many of you may think it 's cruel , but think about my story . Is it worth losing the life of your loved one . My dogs are like my kids and I would n't wish anyone what my wife and I went through when our dog was hit by a car.Goodluck on your Decision , if you buy , you wo n't regret it considering the consequences .
 I took our dogs about one hour to figure out how far they could walk from the base . I can understand that not all dogs are this easy to train but I am only relating my own experience here.While I am only reviewing the collar here , or maybe BECAUSE I am reviewing the collar , anyone who does not have the ` base ' unit should understand that this collar will be useless without the base . The way it works is like this : - The base is a radio transmitter . - The collar is a receiver tuning into the base 's frequency . - For as long as the receiver stays within range -LRB- 90 ft. max , I believe -RRB- , nothing happens . - When the receiver comes close to the boundary , the collar emits some buzzing sounds , letting the dog know that danger is near . - If the dog ignores it and moves farther away , the dog gets zapped - there are 6 or 7 intensity levels . - If the base is not transmitting , the dog does NOT get zapped . - If the dogs runs away and does not know how to get back within range , the zapping stops after 30 seconds , I believe.Other features : - Uses a PetSafe battery - can get a pair at Amazon for $ 6-7 and it lasts for a couple of months . - When the battery is about to run out , there is a little blinking light on the zapper that tells you it 's time to change it . - If you do n't do it , soon after the battery is out of juice you will know that it is so when you see your dog chasing the UPS truck.Like I said , our doggies learned their limits almost immediately and they learned that as soon as the collar started to buzz or they got zapped to run toward the house.My only issue with this is
 I bought this approx . 2 years ago and it was totally worth the $ $ !! I have 3 dogs , one of which is still a puppy , so I will be getting another collar for her shortly . I live in a development that has many fence retrictions , so I wanted something that would keep them in the yard but still able to go in the back AND the front yard . I was unsure how this would work with my stubborn pit/lab mix and retriever but it worked GREAT !! My dogs were taking off down the street anytime they saw something that interested them . The first day I got this and showed them their boundaries . . they have n't left the yeard since !! I can let them out without having to worry about them taking off or scaring a little kid playing in the street . The only thing that is a little frustrating is you never know when the batteries are going to die , so make sure you stock up ! They only last about 1 - 2 months . It 's approx . $ 8 - $ 10 per pack of batteries at petsmart for 2 . I 've caught my big boys testing the collars a few times and when I see they are going a little further than they should . . then it 's time to change the batteries ... I highly recommend this product to anyone that has a dog and wants to make sure they stay safe ... much better than a conventional fence and makes them feel as if they are not closed in ! I recommen
 My husband and I love our wireless fence and collar . It 's been about two months since we installed everything , and the batteries are still going fine . My only complaint would be the size of the transmitter on the collar . It 's quite large . Our dogs are medium-sized at 30 pounds , and at first it was awkward . I think they 're used to it now , though , and they look forward to wearing the collar !
 Works well with the proper training , and you can take it with you to another location , no retraining required !
 We own several acres , and putting a fence structure around our property is not an option . The PetSafe Radio Collars are the perfect option to keep our pets on our property . Used with the radio base , the collar warns the dogs before getting too close to the `` boundary '' signal . The only problem is that only one collar comes with the radio base . Having more than one dog means you must purchase additional collars.Purchasing new collars can be expensive . Our local pet store wanted $ 40 more than the price I purchased here!My collar arrived very quickly , and in perfect condition . It worked beautifully with our radio fence , and I can rest peacefully knowing all my dogs are safe and sound , and not roaming our neighborhood .
 This product is worth the money spent ! However , this was a replacement collar because when the battery went dead , my dog visited with our neighbor 's dog . Their dog has a boy . The boy removed my dog 's collar and smashed the shocking device with a hammer , then proceeded to throw it in their fire pit . I highly recommend the product -LRB- so does our neighbor as their dog has one on his neck -RRB- . I also recommend keeping on-hand a replacement battery , in case you too , have a brat for a neighbor .
 This works well for my extremely difficult , energetic , large , impossible to manage dog . When the battery dies , I always struggle to get it working again - but so far have been able to do so ...
 I already have the wireless fence with this same collar . The one that I ordered was for my second dog . They work great , would recommend to anyone .
 Im sorry I waited so long to do this . My dogs were trained in one day and I have never been happier ...
 This wireless system is a must for containing your dog . I use it on my 95 lb lab and I really did not have to take time to teach him . He got zapped once and knew when the collar beeped not to enter that area . I just adopted a silky terrior and I also use it on him and the same training was used . I never used the flags . There really no setup just plug in and plan the area to use it in.So much better than the wire system because the rodents eat the wires . We had this system originally then turned to this one . Been using for around 15 years .
 We already had found success in using this product with our 45 pound chocolate lab mix , so when we adopted a 15 pound rat terrier , we knew this would be a good choice for him too . Although I personally tend to have mixed feelings about `` the zap '' -LRB- ie negative reinforcement , rather than positive -RRB- , I have felt the zap myself and know that it is definitely unpleasant , but not actually painful . In the bigger picture , we know we can let our dogs roam around our small yard without fear , stress or worry that they are going to run off into the nearby streets or other dangers . They stay at home ! They also stay close when we bring the whole unit camping with us -LRB- we have a small power generator to run the base unit -RRB- . The peace of mind it gives us both makes it HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I have four large bull dogs and hate to keep them caged , but if I do n't they will find their way to the highway and get hit by a truck or car . I own two of the pet safe wireless fence systems and have purchased two additional collars . Now all four dogs can run and play all day while I do n't have to worry about their safety . I have to change their batteries every four to twelve weeks but it 's easy to see the blinking light when it 's low . One of my females constantly test her boundary by walking up till the collar beeps then stepping back while the others conform and stay back from the fence line . The constant testing uses more power thus her battery is changed more frequently . I buy the aftermarket batteries and the name brand but ca n't say that either one is better than the other as long as they are fresh . The last ones I bought were less than two dollars each in a ten pack I will rate them after I have used eight or ten of them . Great system
 Have had no problems and they arrived early . The dogs dont seem to like how effective they are at keeping them in the yard
 The collar works well . The first older one has lasted 4 years and has just stopped sounding the warning beeper .
 My brother had previously purchased the PetSafe wireless fence for his dog . I bought this collar so I can take my dog to his house during the day and leave him outside . All I had to do was put the battery in the collar and it immediately worked with his system . My boxer was very quick to realize the boundaries of the fence and was only shocked a few times . It has several settings on the collar as well that let me set the right level of shock needed .
 We had to replace our collars and we found them for a way better price than any place else ! Very happy with this buy ! My dogs are safe and that makes me happy !
 The wireless pet fence is great.I have a small daschund and a large lab mix.The wireless keeps them within the boundary even when temped by squirrels and other dogs .
 The new one works great . I was disappointed that the first one only lasted just long enough for the warrantee to run out . I am keeping the packaging from this one in case it gives up on me sooner . These collars are to expensive too replace every year .
 This is a great product . I needed something to keep my dogs at home . I saw the collar at a family members home and had to get one for my dogs . I bought the system and an extra collar . I would recommend this to anyone who needs wireless fence for their dogs .
 This works . I have Pitbulls , and this keeps them in the yard . I had a dog that tested the bounds alot . He wore the battery down all the time . Well he got hit by a car . Couple of thing I would like to see change . The battery go back to buying them yourself . The ones now dont last as long and cost more . Also petsafe needs to put a light on the box its self that showes battery getting low . With my dogs they have so much neck skin its hard to see the light on the collar . With a dog that likes to test bounderies , one min the collar is fine the next the battery dies it life or death ! If you have a dog that is like the one I lost PLEASE check the collar ALOT ! . I dont want anyone to go what we went thru .
 I bought a pet safe invisible fence about 3 years ago and recently bought replacement collars . My dogs are terrier mixed breed muts who can get over or under almost any fence . I have a big fenced yard -LRB- 1 + acre -RRB- and live on a busy street . My dogs were getting out of my fenced yard and escaping into traffic until I found the SOLUTION
 It 's such a relief to leave home and know the dogs are going to stay within the wifi fence . We had to tighten up the collars since the dogs are maniacs and have been biting at each others and loosened them up but otherwise . Plugged it in and the beeping warns the dogs their to their boundary and after a day they are trained !
 It was so easy to install I did it myself . Had invisible fence did n't last long , harder to install .
 We have the petsafe wireless fence and needed another collar for a second dog . The wireless fence is amazing and tge collars are very adjustable and durable . Battery life is also good . In 2 years we 've only had to replace one collar which I consider being pretty good with two dogs and lots of things for them to get into and stick their heads in .
 This is an effective device to allow your dog -LRB- s -RRB- freedom while providing them with a large safe area.We can leave both dogs outside for hours on end if we need to run errands . : - -RRB- It is well made and durable .
 We bought this wireless system a few years ago to control our enormous , willful dogs who jump our 4.5 foot fence like it 's not there . However , the original collars were not very compatible with the aluminum siding on our house , and would shock the dogs randomly while they were within the allowed area . These new collars are a great upgrade on the technology . They have not gone off once when they should n't . Our wireless system now works exactly how it 's supposed to ; no burying wires or worrying about what happens if/when we move to a new house . This is also such a great thing to take on vacation . The dogs get to run around without us having to worry about them getting lost in a strange area . Love this product .
 Once we figured out how to program the base , this has been an outstanding addition to our family . My beagle no longer wonders from home .
 The PetSafe Wireless Fence system is just fantastic !! I purchased the system 30 months ago and my dog never crossed the border ! It is perfect . Recently my son moved in with a LARGE dog and I purchased the extra collar/receiver . One time around my lot and he knew where to stay . He has n't once crossed the border either . This system is SOOOOOO much cheaper than installing a fence !!!! I find it truly trust-worthy ! Naturally it does n't keep other animals out of your yard - but definitely keeps your dog or dogs where they belong .
 Works great . Be careful to start on the lower settings or else your pet may have a bad experience and not leave the house for fear of being zapped !!
 I bought this because I wanted my dog to have a little more freedom . I live in a rental house with no fence in the yard . I take my dog for walks but he is a high energy dog and really enjoys running around . I tried training him to stay with me and come while called outside but he was easily distracted by bunnies and squirrels . I then tried taking him to a family member 's house so that he could run in the fenced in yard , but he quickly found a section that he could jump over . I was definitely nervous to use this the first time . I have no problem disciplining my dog but I thought this might be a little too much . I took him to the fenced in yard and let him off the leash . He ran around and would n't come when called so I gave him the beep warning . He did n't come again so I gave him a light buzz -LRB- setting at 2 -RRB- . He immediately came over and sat next to me . Later in the day he jumped the fence and started to take off . I followed him and called to him to no avail . I beeped and buzzed him at a higher setting before he made it to the road . Again he came right back . While I do n't like hurting my dog he seemed fine with it , and it 's a much better alternative to him running into a busy road . It 's a great trainer and work extremely well .
 We are very pleased with this product . It was received in a timely manner . I commend the seller of this product . Quality and service in this seller .
 I HAVE 2 LABS THAT WERE NO LONGER CONTAINED IN THE BACKYARD WITH ONLY THE FENCE . I INVESTED IN A WIRELESS CONTAINMENT SYSTEM & NEEDED AN EXTRA COLLAR . I FOUND SUCH AN ITEM ON YOUR WEBPAGE AND MY PETS ARE NOW SAFE & SECURE
 I got exactly what I needed for a great deal ! Product was shipped fast and accurately . . Thanks so much !
 I was thinking about getting this device for a long time . It 's really rocky where we live and the wired fence are pretty expensive . Finally , after over three years we decided to give it a try - I could always return it to the store . And it 's amazing ! It took our dog a little bit more than a week to get used to it . We set up the kit the way they said in the manual -LRB- very easy -RRB- , then we started the training . It took a little bit more than a week for our Scooby to get comfortable with the new fence . At first he did n't like it and was scared to go outside , but after a while , he has learned where the boundaries are and we all are so happy . Scooby spends practically whole days outside even if we 're not home . And he really likes it . Sometimes when we forget to put the collar on , Scooby is so used to the boundaries , he even does n't try to run away . Scooby is over 5 years old , so you really can teach even an adult dog who already has his own ways - our Scoobs was known by the whole neighborhood - he used to be constantly `` on the run '' . It was dangerous , he could be bitten by other dogs , or run over by a car . I highly recommend the invisible fence . The best gift we could buy for our family -LRB- including Scooby -RRB- .
 We returned this because of the limited area that it covered . 1/2 an acre really is n't very far . I 'm sure this will work perfectly for someone that a smaller yard , but for those who have a larger yard , I would recommend the newer version -LRB- which covers up to 3/4 an acre -RRB- or , better yet , the more expensive Havahart Wireless 5134G2 Radial-Shape 2 Wireless Fence which covers several acres .
 I do n't normally do reviews but I felt as though I needed to speak up here . This unit has given our beagle harrier his freedom to run around in our yard . We live in a deed restricted community that only allows 3 ft high fences -- which our dog could easily jump . Now with this fence , he knows his boundaries and stays in the yard . And when we had the old style in the ground fence , if he ran though the barrier , he would not want to come back for fear of being shocked again . With this unit , it actually encourages our dog to come back into the safe zone . He has only tested this once ... chasing a bunny . As he left the safe area , I called him back . He turned back around , ran to me and learned that he could safely come home with no fear of being shocked . I have not had any problems with the batteries either . Ours usually last about 3 months before I have to change it . I buy them here on Amazon because they have the best prices around ! It sounds like -LRB- in another review -RRB- that their actual collar may be malfunctioning . We did have to get a new collar for our dog because the clip broke . However , we did not have to get a new receiver -LRB- found on the collar -RRB- . We just bought another regular collar and my husband attached the receiver to the new collar . Another bonus , my brother-in-law also has this wireless fence for his dog and when we go visit -LRB- 3 hrs away -RRB- , we only bring our collar and both dogs are free to run around his yard . -LRB- Our dog just follows the lead of their dog and somehow `` knows '' where the boundaries are . -RRB- Same goes for when they come visit us ! This is the best wireless fence ever !
 I purchased this item along with the PetSafe wireless pet containment system . Since I have two dogs I needed another collar unit.Overall I am very pleased with the system . Even though it is expensive , it was a better alternative for me than having to get rid of my dogs when I moved.It has taken two weeks for me to feel confident about leaving the dogs alone in the yard and I 'm still watching them pretty closely.Overall I 'm very pleased with the system .
 We have 2 Great Danes . One is 2 years old , and the other was just 8 months when we bought this system . We have had no problems with the receivers . Battery live has been good . We do n't leave the receivers on the dogs all the time , take them off when they are in the house . Good fit for the dogs , easy to adjust . we looked at another system , but thier colars would not fit our `` large dogs . these colars have worked great with plenty of room for the dogs to continue to grow .
 These are great . Keeps my dogs safe from leaving the yard . My two dogs learned immediately where the boundaries are and not to go beyond them . I highly recommend the wireless system . Very easy to set up . Batteries are inexpensive . The only setback is that wireless systems do not keep other animals from entering your yard . Something to keep in mind if there are aggressive dogs free roaming in your nieghborhood . Great product .
 I have two dogs , this has worked on them great . Although , my little dog did figure out that if he was out of range for 15 seconds the shocks would stop . He would endure the shocking and then roam free ... smart little turd .
 We have had this system for about 2 months now . It was very easy to train our dog -LRB- goldendoodle -RRB- and have not had any issues at all so far . We have it set at a pretty low shock and that is deterrent enough.We have it set in the middle of our house , centered in our half an acre property . It is not at the ` furthest ' setting.We are still on the first battery.Hope this helps .
 Works excellent for training your dog to stay in the yard . I have 3 Boxers , and only 2 collars . I use a normal collar on the one who is &#34; trained &#34; to stay in the boundaries when the other 2 have the &#34; real &#34; collar on . And when the one with the real collar gets too brave and wants to wonder out of bounds , I put the &#34; real &#34; training collar on him , and keep rotating like that . Reason beind 100.00 + is a little steep for a collar when I had to replace one because the other dog chewed one up ! Also the big downfall of this system is the batteries . Too expensive !
 We love the collars , they work as advertised !! They arrived a day early too !! That was a pleasant surprise for us !
 no wires , no fence just an audible signal then slight shock . two years later my dog stays in his boundaries even without the collar .
 I brought the base and collar system for my dog and I just love it . It works great . Then my grandson brought his dog here and I got the extra collar . It works wonderfully with the system . I would recommend this system and extra collar to keep your dogs safely at home .
 This is our second collar we have purchased for our dog . It is wonderful ! We have had our first one since 2006 and have just had to replace it . Our boxer wears it most of the time during the day and it has kept him safely in our yard !!!!! It has been a very good investment for his safety and ours !!! I highly recommend this collar for anyone who has a dog but does not want to put up a fence . Just follow the instruction for teaching your dog about his boundary - they are pretty easy to follow and the dogs learn fast . Worth the money .
 Had an episode with a runner in our neighborhood , stated one of our dogs chased him , them he stabbed her . . -LRB- we cant prove it -RRB- so now we have her on the collar and if he comes in our yard then we will take care of him next .
 Bought this to replace one we have had for about 6 years . We have two huskies and have always had them on the wireless containment system . Our dogs love to run and this system/collars are perfect to keep them in boundaries and safe .
 this works very well and we like that it is easy to take with us .
 When I first recieved this unit I absoulutly hated it . The first time my dog got `` bit '' I was ready to return it . My husband talked me into trying it for 1 week and then making up my mind . Well my dog has only been `` bit '' twice ! We have since aquired another dog . She learned just as fast ! This product is amazing for the normal pet . I would n't trust it on overly aggressive animals .
 This collar and containment system works just as advertised . My Lab understands the bouneries . I never have to worry about him running at night or chaseing anything .
 I purchased this item because I was nine months pregnant in the winter and did not want to continue walking my dog . I thought at first it would be cruel to the animal , but I have since realized that it is just a learning tool for them . My pug does n't even go within 10 feet of his border . Worth the money for sure .
 I have 2 very creative huskies . We lived in a very small southern California townhome and never worried for escapes , but moved to the beautiful countryside of western NC . We have a fenced in acre , but the dogs managed for 2 weeks to outsmart us by digging under , chewing through , or just knocking down the fence to roam the countryside . We tried many techniques but all failed . One of our redneck neighbors threatened to kill our dogs if they wandered into his farm again so draconian measures were necessary . This system was easy to set up though it took awhile to figure out the range since the signal is easily intercepted by bumps and hills in our rolling property . I went through the instructions and followed them to a T as far as training . It is probably overkill b/c my dogs are n't the sharpest tools in the shed but after about 2 days of hearing the warning beep followed by the shock , they know their perimeters and hang out closer to the home . It is truly amazing . There have been failures and the battery fell out a couple times . The small clear cover to the control switch also broke . The collars are still functioning and it is pretty cheap to get amazon battery replacements -LSB- you can no longer rig a replacement with cheap batteries , you have to buy the custom ones -RSB- . Fortunately they last several months as long as the pet does continually test the limits . If it works on my big brute dumb lovable husky , it will work on any mutt .
 This is a great product . Within 3 days my dogs were completely trained . Neither of my 2 dogs hit the fence more than twice . It is a good idea if you buy this product to buy extra batteries because the batteries in one collar quit after 21/2 weeks . I really like that the range from the control box can be adjusted . I went camping and fixed the range to match the campsite and the system worked wonderfully .
 We have had this system for seven years and have had very little trouble with it . Unlike the wired inground systems , there are no wire breakage issues , and it will NOT shock your dog on the way back to your house if they managed to run through . The perimeter will always be a circle , so keep that in mind if you have a long , narrow lot . We have found the batteries much cheaper on amazon . The best price was $ 15 for a set of four , including shipping . Follow the video and set up the flags to train your dog . Do NOT just plug it in and let your dog find out for itself about the new perimeter . It will become neurotic and afraid of the yard .
 Just bought our 4th collar for our PetSafe wireless fence system . Love the system and it 's convenience . We have 1 Saint Bernard , 2 Yorkies , and 1 Poodle . One comment
 Have a 21/2 year old beagle who was always getting out of the fenced in yard . This works great . I can have him outside without worrying about him leaving the yard . Downside is the batteries do go fast sometimes without much notice . Also , does anyone know of a collar that would work with the wireless system that also has a bark control ? As I said I have a beagle who loves to bark as much as he likes to run .
 We 've got three dogs and this collar works great on all three . Two of the three like to go swimming in our creek -LRB- we 've got our fence wire strung across the creek so they 've got access to the water -RRB- and we have NEVER had any problems with the collars . One of those two also likes to dig and quite often gets her collar jammed up with dirt and mud - and it still works great . Occasionally we 'll forget to check the batteries and the dogs will eventually notice that there 's no warning beep and will get out of the yard , but that 's the only time in three years we 've ever had any issues at all - and of course that 's not a problem with the collars but with us getting complacent because the batteries last so long . We also love being able to use different settings for each dog because one of our dogs needs the highest setting and another needs just a little warning to remind her of the fence -LRB- the other is in between the two -RRB- . Because of the layout of our property it 's impossible to put up a solid fence , but this electric fence with the adjustable strength collars is definitely the next best thing . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!
 Works great , actually better than the original with more features .
 I bought this as an add-on to a few collars I already had and it works perfectly . Exactly like the original ones that came with the system . I do have a wireless system , not the in-ground one . You have to be careful which one you purchase to make sure it 's compatible with your system .
 We 've been using one of these systems for almost 7 years now and it really takes the headache out of letting the dog out . On trips with the animal you can even set this up wherever you stop for the night and the radio beacon will establish a safe perimeter for your pet to roam . Kind of pricy for both the necesssary radio transmitter and the collar -LRB- picured above -RRB- but we found it worth the expense . Batteries last about 3-4 months . It would be good if there were some competition to drive the price down a bit but , if you can aford it , this is the solution to keeping your pet close to home and safe .
 Works great exactly what i needed doesnt hurt the dog got to me fast i def recommend this system better than anything else . Has the perfect range
 This was a replacement for the originals , I bought a set of two collars for my two dogs , they also worked great , but my dogs would play fight all the time grabbing each other by the throat , once I put the collars on my dogs they were grabbing and biting each others unit until they had teeth marks all over them , I was surprised they still worked , until one of them stopped working . One day after that we had the good collar on the dog who would jump the fence , one day the battery died on that collar , the dog got out and was hit by a car destroying the unit . So I ordered a replacement for our lone dog .
 A bit pricey , but works perfectly , if you have a siberian husky like I do , or even a dog with very thick fur , I would also recommend purchasing the PetSafe/Innotek Probe Replacement Kit/Pack , as this add on kit comes with tips that are longer .
 Unit works nicely with my transmitter , but I would suggest getting the unit for `` stubborn '' dogs if you have a dog with a lot of hair -LRB- golden retriever -RRB- or just plain stubborn !
 I have 3 dogs now and have a large yard . My wife and I work so we just put the collars on and do n't worry about the dogs . If trained properly they will not leave the area . I have had this system for 3 years now ...
 This collar has been amazing ! It only took a couple zaps for my dog to realize he ca n't go any further . We live on a busy country road and I was worried my jack russell would run after things but this collar has made that not possible . I love it . I did not like the idea of hurting my dog but it only took him a couple zaps so it is ok .
 We have a German Shepherd who learned the bad habit of running away and chasing cars long before we got him . I hated the idea of an electric collar until the day he chased a semi-truck down the road . Thankfully he could n't catch it , but it made me realize that all the treats were not helping him learn to stay home . We had this set on the highest setting for a week , -LRB- after the initial traing -RRB- since then it is set on the tone only , and he has n't left the yard at all . I reccomend this system to anyone with a stubborn dog . The first shock is pitiful , but our dog has n't had a problem since . Every time he forgets about his boundrys the warning beep sends him well back in his area .
 As most dog owners know , dogs are distructive which is why I 'm so suprise how cheaply these are made and how many parts they have . There is a tiny cover over part of the electronic collar that my dogs have managed to lose . Without it it is not longer waterproof . The collar it self is nylon that my black lab puppy has no problem chewing off the other dogs . My sister has this same system and she poked holes for the receiver into a stronger collar . The system works but like everything else these days the quality could be better . If you have smaller or medium sized dogs that do n't wrestle and play together none of these issues will probably concern you . PetSafe does have a replacement parts kit to buy the tiny cover so I must not be the only one that has lost them . This kit is hard to find ... I 'm sure most retailers would prefer you buy a new collar than fix your old one .
 I have had this system for about four years and love it . I needed an extra collar for a new dog and it works great .
 We switched from an underground fence to a wireless fence after the wire kept getting cut by the utility company . The extra collar works great and we 've had no issues .
 I have bought 3 of these large ones and at least a dozen of the small ones over the last 7 years . My Boston terrier has the shake and break instinct and loves these . They are very sturdy and you can throw them in the washer . Eventually they end up with no tail or stuffing , but it takes a while .
 The litter locker is great . After running out of refills , I could really notice when going back to the old method -LRB- scooping into a small aluminum trashcan for a day or two before taking it out -RRB- . I have not been able to find the refills in stores , but they seem to be cheaper on Amazon anyway , so when I run out I will just buy enough to get super-saver shipping and stock up.One warning -LRB- and the reason for minus-one-star -RRB-
 I think the Litter Locker is a lot more convenient than scooping into a bag and taking it to the outside garbage can with every scoop . The refill cartridges are a little pricey , but overall it has been worth it.Unfortunately sometimes the Litter Locker jams and then the bag can tear . Even if it does n't tear , you have to take it partly apart to work it past the jam , and by then the convenience goes down a lot . It does n't happen all the time , but if it happens once during a particular cartridge , it usually happens multiple times.Amazon used to have good prices on the refills , but lately the price has gone up a lot . It is now much cheaper to get it at other online retailers , even taking shipping into account .
 This is a refill to the ultimate kitty waste removal system . It is similiar to a diaper genie where you just put the waste in there turn it and it does not smell in the box . This is great . Now I only have to empty the locker every few weeks .
 I have 3 cats , and I do n't know how I ever lived without the litter locker !!! If i run out , i can definately tell the difference in using freezer bags and throwing the waste in the trash.The price on amazon is about 2 $ cheaper with subscribe and save than if i was to purchase at my local supermarket , and this way i do n't have to worry about running to the store when i run out ... i know i will be getting one in the mail.There is literally NO smell -LRB- and i got smelly kitties in my house -RRB- when i use the litter locker.I use the all crystal cat litter now , so i only scoop the poopies -LRB- because there is no pee to scoop -RRB- and it takes exactly a month to go through a litter locker refill . When i use the scoopable littler , it runs out a little less than a month , but remember thats with 3 cats ... and i am not throwing money away using freezer bags.LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!
 This works great with the litter locker , but does n't actually last very long . The bag is very strong and wo n't break . I will certainty buy it again .
 If you have indoor cats and you do n't have a Litter Locker , well ... that 's just uncivilized.Works as advertised ; maybe even better .
 These work great and you get so many uses out of the container . I have two cats and I get about a month out of each container , well worth it .
 Like I mentioned in the actual Litter Locker review , these cartridges do last for a while so you do n't have to purchase these too often .
 This litter locker is worth a million dollars ! The cartrige is easy to install and the system is very user friendly . You 'll never smell even a hint of odor with this system .
 These refills and the litter locker they are used in have been one of the best purchases I have made in a while . In an apartment with 2 cats , the whole cleaning the litter box process was becoming a pain , and very smelly . Its so much easier with the litter locker right next to the litter box and then you just give it one turn and it does NOT smell at all . I took time to read through all the instructions to make sure I was doing it right but overall its pretty easy to use . I would definitely recommend this to any cat owner !
 I have 2 cats and I love this product . I tried using diaper refils -LRB- they are cheaper -RRB- like other reviews suggested , but they did NOT fit . At least it was possible to get a discount for bulk -LRB- 4 for the price of 3 , I think ? -RRB- Litter Locker is easy to use , easy to clean , and keeps the room from smelling . Glad I found it .
 It is just like having a diaper genie for babies , makes it much cleaner .
 I really love the litter locker . The price ca n't be beat at amazon so get them here for sure . Most pet stores will charge you twice that !
 Litter locker system takes the mess out of maintaining the cats ' litter box . Having used it , I ca n't do without it !
 essential to keep your cat odors locked away . I panic if I run out of replacement filters because that means I 'm back to the daily grind of scooping into grocery bags and then making the trek to the dumpster .
 For some reason the litter locker refills have been scarce in local stores . I was so excited not only to find them on Amazon but also at the price . Product arrived quickly and I will order again .
 These treats are fantastic - our dogs love them ! I have had the toughest time trying to find 100 % organic treats for my dogs , and feels great to know that you are n't feeding your beloved pet some bottom of the barrel filler . I would highly recommend them - even for gifts !
 2 paws up ! all three of our dogs loved the peanut butter and honey treats . guess that makes it 12 paws up . thankfully they do n't have opposable thumbs and access to my credit card or i 'd be in trouble . with the recent pet-food recall , we should all be concerned about where our pets ' food is being made . it 's a relief to know that these are baked in a kitchen right here in the u.s.
 My Gerbils have been very happy with this item , and it 's great to find something specifically formulated for gerbils -LRB- unlike all the Hamster & Gerbil items out there -RRB- . I find they pick out the best stuff first , so I make sure not to give them any more of the seeds etc until they 've eaten everything . I mix this food with Forti Diet Rat & MouseForti Diet ProHealth Food - Mouse or Rat - 3 lb.and this seems to be a good balance for them .
 This spray makes our 150lb Newfoundland smell better than any other product I 've tried ! Definitely pleased ! I only wish the bottle was bigger !!!!
 Between baths I wipe my dog down and spray this , it smells nice and conditions her coat . Plus it gets that &#34; dog &#34; smell off of her . I really like it !
 Cloud Star Buddy Splash is the perfect solution for a 50 lb . dog who HATES water and baths . I love it ! And my dog likes it too !
 Got this for our Frenchie puppy , along with 2-in-1 shampoo/conditioner , to use between baths . It smells sooooo good !!! It does n't bother my puppy 's skin , and it makes her coat really soft . Will definitely be ordering again : -RRB-
 If your cats are n't too bright , the mat always has to be in place . I was hoping my cats would learn to avoid certain areas so I can move the mat around , but have unfortunately had to buy an extra one along with an extension.If you want to keep cats off certain furniture , this is a great product . If you want to train your cats to stay away from a place , it might not work , depending on how smart your cats are.With my older mat I 've noticed that the activity light goes on by itself and the mat shocks the air -LRB- I hear the noise -RRB- every once in a while when there is nothing on the mat . This wastes the battery -LRB- be aware that you have to buy a 9 volt battery separately , as it does n't come with the product -RRB- . Despite this , the battery seems to last a long time -LRB- almost 6 months -RRB- .
 After buying new leather furniture for our media room and trying mulitple things to keep our dog and cat off the new furniture , I purchased the 48 &#34; ScatMat . It worked so well , I purchased the shorter 30 &#34; mat for our love seat . Keeps both the dog and cat off the furniture . It has 3 different levels of intensity , which is nice for different size pets . Once the pets learn of the shock , you do n't always have to turn them on . I highly recommend this product . Just remember to turn them off and remove them when you have company coming to visit . A couple of our guests have sat down on the mats before we could warn them . Not a big shock , but it got their attention .
 It was a smaller than I expected ; I did n't exactly break out a tape measure to find the exact dimensions of the area I wanted to ` protect ' , but I thought I had a good idea . The packaging put some permanent creases in the mat so it never lays completely flat ; probably do to the marginal mat material . It seems to work well enough . It has discouraged our cat and small dogs from entering an area where we had been finding accidents . Time will tell if the mat lasts ; I 'm cautiously hopeful .
 Put it down in front of the room we did n't want the cats to go in and it worked . Originally bought it to keep my counter surfing dog off the counter but she senses the static electricity that runs through it and waits for it to be turned off . Had fun watching the dogs and cats avoid the mat .
 My cat has started flinging himself headlong at my closed bedroom door overnight , and letting him in is not an option -LRB- he will attack my feet all night -RRB- . Nothing else I tried worked . He was even willing to curl up on an upside-down vinyl carpet protector -LRB- you know , the kind that has * spikes * in it so it does n't shimmy around once it 's in place . The Scat Mat worked from the get-go . I tested out the shock on myself -- not much different that static electricity , which is a nuisance and annoying , but not exactly torture . Peace has been restored to the kingdom !
 My girlfriend has the sweetest cat in the world that has a bad habit of marking his territory . There is one spot in her apartment that he likes to frequent -- in comes the ScatMat . Straight forward to use , I placed it over the problem spot and none of her three cats would touch it . It 's as if they could sense that something was n't quite right with it . They would go up to the very edge of the mat and just stare at it . The ` problem cat ' walked around it and eyed it like an enemy . I set up a camera to catch their initial reaction when they touched it -LRB- I thought it would be comical -RRB- but none of them would dare ... until we turned the lights off and went to bed . Less than sixty seconds after lights out and we heard a screeching cat . Needless to say , my girlfriend 's problem has been solved .
 I have tried numerous cat repellant sprays to keep my cat from scratching the furniture . None of them worked . This scat mat was a total success . Two times of getting zapped and he has not scratched my chair since .
 This is a great product . The first the dogs jumped on it was priceless . This is a must have for keeping your pets off or away from anything you do n't want torn up .
 It really does the job , only problem was my cat figured out how to get what she wanted without getting shocked . I would say it helped about 80 % of the problem though .
 My Willow -LRB- a 12-year-old sheltie -RRB- has had a real problem with dry , scaly skin and a rough coat , and since I 've been giving her Kelp Help her skin problems are much better and her coat has gotten much nicer . I 've even had family member comment about how lovely Willow 's coat looks now .
 My dog had trouble with vomiting bile like liquid every once in a while . The past few months I 've been giving her this and she has n't had a spit-up since . I now give her 1/2 the recommended amount . Watch for a sale , I got it for $ 7.99 .
 I have purchased KELP HELP many times at a pet store ... it is a great product!This is my first time buying it online -LRB- I bought two -RRB- . Until this order , It has always come with a protective seal inside the jar.I must say that this did not make me happy and it is doubtful I would ever order it online again , but will continue to use this as a food supplement for my dogs . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002QX7DE/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 THis was recommended for my Havanesse whose black nose started to turn light during the winter . Works like a charm and I plan to keep using it year round .
 I sprinkle some of this on the dry dog food about once a week just for a different flavor for the dogs . They really seem to like it , too ! It 's Great for their coats ! Bought it one one of the Friday sales , so feel like I got a Great deal , too ! woof : -RRB-
 It has a slight fishy smell , but my dog loves it added to her dry food along with warm water.She wo n't eat her food in the morning -LRB- breakfast -RRB- unless this product is added and soaked in water . It 's a great price and I think it has actually helped keep her skin and coat healthy -LRB- along with her Canidae -RRB- .
 We have a 13 year old black lab mix . We think the kelp helps and she seems fine eating it as is mixed with her dogwood .
 I bought this because it was kelp based . My cats in the past have rejected food with new things in it . Initially I just sprinkled some on the bottom of their dishes and put their moist food on top of it so they could n't initally see or smell it , and just at a corner of the dish to give them the option of not eating it . They have n't boycotted any meals and have eaten all their food.To me when I taste this , it has a brief salty taste followed by the mild taste of what a vit e tocopherol smells like , and then tastes of dried herb greens . A very mild tasting formula and easily absorbed into the tastes of their favorite foods . They 've been wanting to eat extra food !!! I 've used a spray mist water bottle to chase them out of the kitchen and get them to stop begging for extra food I ca n't afford ! : D
 I love this product and need to buy more . My family is very allergic to dandur . Since most of our friends have pets , we have to have this on hand when our friends come to visit .
 These are a wonderful treat for any dog . Basically a peanut butter OREO for dogs . But be careful which cookie jar you put them in because they can easily be mistaken for people food . Every dog I 've seen loves them and they crumble enough where choking is n't an issue -LRB- unlike some other biscuits I 've tried -RRB- .
 My dog LOVES these cookies . They smell just like a peanut butter brownie . I got an entire package of these for a sample from Walmart website . I will buy these if the price is reasonable .
 My dog just loves these cookes . I always have purchased these doggie cookies to keep him happy . So glad I found this product for him .
 My dog was in early kidney failure and I was told to keep her protein low as possible . Most dogs treats that she loved were high in protein . After searching the supermarket isles I never found one that was very low . I checked out the Three Dog Bakery and they told me these were the lowest they had which is 4 % protein for the vanilla flavored . After changing her dog food to lower protein , and also her treats she was retested and found to be back in the normal range . Not to mention , she eats them up !!!! I think they can also be purchased at Walgreens .
 Well , I 've never tasted them . But my dogs love them , and pretty much everything else this company sells . Its also nice to know that the ingredients are the same quality that is sold for humans to eat , and the people who started the company really care about pets . Now if I want to eat some chocolate chip cookies and my dogs are watching and begging , I have something healthy and tasty to give them instead of trying to explain how I ca n't share because chocolate is n't good for them . They thought I just didnt want to share .
 My dog ca n't get enough of these ! they are the perfect treat for her as we just put her on a no-grain diet for health reasons . plus they have no other ingredients in them so you know exactly what you 're getting .
 I searched long and hard to find a healthy treat for my Shih Tzu puppy that was made in the US . After much searching I found these by Sam 's Yams . He loves them !
 These are completely nature so safe for my 11 lb Jack Russell-Chihuahua who has allergies . I was hoping that they 'd last a little longer as a chew though , but she was able to snap them fairly easily and gobbled one in 5 min . That 's ok though , since I stuck one in a rubber bone and she played with it for up to an hour . These are so fragrant she ca n't resist them ! So I 'm happy to have found these and now can be guilt free when giving her treats/chews !
 Sam 's Yams '' Bichon Fries '' are EXCELLENT chews for dogs with health issues or for owners who do not want their dogs to chew rawhide . These chews are made of sweet-potato and nothing else.The dogs love the the flavor.Also try the larger size for a longer '' healthy '' chew .
 Sam 's Yams Bichon Fries Dog Treats are a really healthy , great treat for small dogs . Especially fun for older puppies . My dog will toss one in the air and then run to retrieve it . It lasts awhile and is n't messy . There are no weird unpronounceable additives -- just plain old dried yams . I would recommend them to any dog owner . I have given them as gifts and make sure I have plenty on hand for my puppy . I have been very pleased .
 My dog just decided one day she did n't want to eat the expensive premium food I had been feeding her . I had already been buying Three Dog Bakery treats for her -LRB- which she LOVES !! -RRB- and so after exhausting every other idea trying to get her to eat her food , I picked up a few of these . I mixed a little in with her dry food and she scarfed it right down and begged for more !! I decided to switch to their dry food as well and my dog could n't be happier . She enjoys her meal time so much more , when before she would actually crawl off and hide . She is a spoiled little Jack Russell Terrier , but I would n't have it any other way .
 I have a dog with severe allergies and this is pretty much the only product I can give her to enjoy , treat and/or teeth cleaning ! I pretty much place an order every month !
 Since most rawhides contain non-food products that can upset tummies and even cause blockages , I started looking for healthy alternatives . Sam 's Yam 's are all natural -LRB- just sweet potato -RRB- , non-allergenic , and easily digested . This product still helps remove tartar as other rawhides do but I do n't have to worry about any negative effects on my dogs ' stomachs . I highly recommend it .
 Labradoodle puppy likes these chews . He is sometimes disinterested , but get an enjoyment for 10 minutes -LRB- med or large -RRB- . I like that they do not cause significant changes in his bowel movements .
 I love this product . The ingredients list is short and simple and my aging Labrador gets the extra Chondroitin and Glucosamine that he needs . I put a couple tablespoons of PetKind on top of his two meals a day of dry food . My lab 's coat has never been shinier and his agility in his hips has come back full fold . I love this product and would recommend to anyone especially with a larger aging dog . This food has worked wonders for my 10 year old , 100 lb . black lab !
 This is species appropriate for canines . Ingredients are great . Good protein sources . Cans are easy to open . Best of all , my dog loves it !
 This carrier , with its top opening , is much better for rabbits than a side opening carrier . And it would be just as good for Guinea pigs or other small animals . It is so much easier and less traumatic for everyone to be able to open the carrier and to easily and gently take out the animal . For some quick re-checks at the vet , it 's even possible to leave the animal in the carrier , which is a lot less stressful to the animal.Since it is a smaller size , it would n't be that good to keep an animal in for long periods of time , but for visits to the vet , or any other short trips , it is fine . It was fairly easy to put together . There were no instructions , which would have been helpful in placing that clear sliding plastic piece on top . I kept trying it in different positions , and finally found one that seemed to fit the best , although the piece does not fit completely and leaves a tiny gap . It is nice to have that clear , sliding piece to be able to view the animal or place some food inside without opening the carrier and risking an escape , but that part should have been designed better . The carrier is more lightweight than the side opening carrier that I also have . That makes for a lighter load on the person carrying it . But that lighter construction makes me wonder if it will be as durable as some of the heavier carriers.It has worked very well for me and for others that I know who have the same carrier .
 I have several cats , of different sizes/weights . This would be the perfect size for a smaller cat -LRB- my females , who are about 8 lbs -RRB- fit just fine in it . Any cat over 10 lb would be a bit cramped , I would think . There is no way my 15 lb cat could use it , to be sure . It was a good item for the price I paid , and in my multi cat house , it has some features my other two carriers do n't have , so I 'm definitely glad I bought it .
 I love the it opens from the top . Makes for easy retrieving of small animals .
 We have given our dog this product for over 5 years now . He gets a piece most mornings . He enjoys it so much . Sure , his breath smells a bit fishy afterwards , but I 'll trade that for a happy dog with a healthy coat .
 I recently had a very difficult period of allergies with my 2 dachshunds . My older dog is very picky about treats . he will only eat soft treats , no hard biscuits whatsoever . Now that he has been diagnosed with allergies to wheat , corn , chicken , and rice , I ca n't find ANY soft treats to give him . He loves the fish treats and they are now his only treat , so I always have some variety on hand .
 She loves her treats , and these ones are pure fish . After the cat food scare a few years ago , we started feeding our cats only natural food and treats . These are the best ones that I have found , and they are hard to find locally . Not made from a paste or kibble , these are preserved chunks of REAL FISH . It 's kinda like beef jerky , except for cats . My cat also has very thick and long hair , and her coat is always shiny . I would like to think that this is because of the oils in the salmon . She also has issues with dry skin that I believe these help with as well . The only thing is that they are VERY hard as one reviewer had mentioned . I usually break them down a little bit between my fingers before I feed them to my cats .
 One of our Ragdoll Cats has an allergy to chicken and this is the only treat we could find that does not contain chicken.It is a quality all natural product .
 I am so happy to find these on Amazon . My cat LOVES these !! He is a very picky eater and refuses to eat other snacks . Theses things smell but are definitely worth it !
 My cat can eat very few cat treats because he ca n't have grain.Snack 21 Salmon Snacks for Catsis one of the few treats he can eat , and he loves them . I 've never had a problem with him being hurt by the treats . They are dried fish , and dryer than fish jerky is . I 'd say the bags that I 've gotten are crunchy , about as crunchy as dry food . Again though , I have n't had any problems with my cat hurting his mouth or tongue on them , he chews them right up and begs for more . I must say though that the herring steaks are his favorite .
 ... and all I have to say is `` stinky salmon treats '' and she comes running from wherever she is to get this jerky-like treat !
 I work in cat rescue in addition to having several of my own . The top-opening carriers are favored by anyone working in rescue , and by the vet offices . Getting a scared cat into a carrier is so so much easier with the top-opening carrier . You can hold the kitty and while it is calm just put him down in through the top , with little stress . Everyone complains about trying to struggle to get a cat into the front , trying to upend the front opening to drop the cat into the small opening . I 've given many away to rescue friends , to animal control officers . I keep losing them to people who love them and have to constantly buy more to replenish what I have on hand.I also work with wildlife and these are the best for transporting orphaned babies . It 's easy to treat them from above and you can monitor , medicate and feed them from above , almost impossible with a front-opening .
 The top door feature is the best part . Very easy to get my pets in and out of the carrier lowering them in from the top .
 Absolutely love this product . We got it to carry our cats back and forth from the vet . It 's lightweight and fits our cats perfectly -LRB- you just have to make sure you order the correct size -RRB- We have big cats so we had to order the larger carrier . They love it so much they actually use it to nap in when they do n't want to be disturbed and it 's funny to see them when they are in it because they will curl themselves into a ball looking so cozy and cute . Highly recommend for short carrying distances .
 Holds a 12 lb Ragdoll with ease ! Feels like it will last for a very long time , which is why I bought it in the first place .
 He always likes to travel but with the option of a top that is open he absolutely loves this carrier . I wish it were a bit larger ... it is described as Medium ... not so sure about that . Luckily I have a smaller dog .
 My cats sleep in this carrier at home everyday . They love the fluffy white mat inside . It was a great carrier to the vet as well . My cat could see what was going on which I think helped alleviate some of his worries .
 Usually use the Tetra Vibrance . Decided to try something new . Do n't know which is better for the fish , could n't find much on the internet comparing the two . The fish did n't seem to leap at these like they did the Tetra , but ate them nonetheless . Also , seemed like the water clouded up a little more than with the Tetra .
 I actually bought this for my dog to use . I have a mini dachshund and he uses a dog potty called Ugodog . I tried the dog pottys with the artificial grass on top and they just smelled awful because the urine clings to the grass and my dog did n't want to use it -LRB- I do n't blame him -RRB- . I put the Ugodog out on the patio and he uses a sliding glass doggie door to go out . I put about 11/2 cups of pine pellets in the Ugodog tray which is lined with plastic -- I buy the Glad OdorShield Tall 13 gal . trash bags and cut them in half because cat box liners did n't fit . Then the grate goes on top . I change the pellets about once a week or every 5 days and the pine completely covers the urine odor . It 's easy to lift out the liner and fold up and dispose of the used pellets and solids are flushed . I tried using paper instead of the pine pellets , but they smelled and were not as absorbent . Highly recommend the pellets .
 Feline pine is our choice for a number of reasons :1 . It smells good - no litterbox odor .2 . No dust -LRB- yeah ! -RRB- 3 . Light weight bags4 . It ia earth friendly5 . No harmful chemicals
 I do n't believe people should know I have a pet by the smell of my house . Therefore , I like products that keep the smell to a minimum . I also believe in protecting my animals , the Earth AND myself by using organic and chemical-free stuff when I can . I have three cats , and Feline Pine is the BEST I 've tried -LRB- and I 've tried a few -RRB- . It really absorbs and changes the smell of urine so that the ammoniated smell is eliminated , and it just smells like cedar , and it breaks down to dust , which flushes cleanly and healthily . I 've used the expensive stuff , and it comes nowhere close to this .
 Well , it 's kitty litter , so it 's not my favorite household item , but this brand is by far the best I 've tried . I live in a small apartment in New York , and my main problem with other types of litter was the dust . There would be dust everywhere it seemed - not just around the litter box , but somehow all around the apartment , which made things musty and meant that I had to dust multiple times per week . What I love most about this litter is that it is 100 % dust-free . I have also noticed that this is the most odor-free litter I have ever had . As other reviewers have mentioned , there is no odor at all with urine until you get a couple weeks in and need to change the litter box , whereas with other litters there was always a lingering pee smell throughout my apartment , which was just gross . Poop obviously smells , but no more so than with other litters . Finally , this litter is very environmentally friendly . Instead of using plastic bags every day , I just flush it down the toilet . I 've been using this brand for over a year and never plan on switching !
 I have 4 kitties , and this is by far the best product I have used . I have tried them all . I 've tried the pearls , the corn litter , the paper litter , and of course the traditional clay litter . The thing I love the most about this litter is how little it can be tracked . The pearls can be tracked , and it hurts like a @ # $ % # $ when you accidently step on it . The corn litter and the paper litter does n't mask the smell of urine . And the clay litter leaves dusty floors no matter how many times you clean . The pine litter is by far the least tracked litter . Another thing I like about this litter is the way it can cover up urine smell . It smells like wood , or the `` new furniture smell '' , even after the cats do their thing . The litter turns to powder after it comes in contact with urine . But since it absorbs it so well , you just see saw-dust . All you have to do is scoop up the solid waste , and when the puebbles turn mostly to powder , you just change out the litter . The powder can be tracked a little bit , but again , must less than any other litter.Something I recently learned is that if you collect the pine points at the back of the package , you can redeem it for scoopers and litter boxes and other kitty stuff . And you do n't need to buy 100 bags to get something . I can redeem points from 2 bags for a scooper already .
 I was hesitant to try this litter but since I did n't have to carry it and no s & h I did . My cats love it ; it really controls odors ... UPS does n't appreciate lifting it but ... oh well lol
 I 've been a cat mom for 15 years and have tried every cat litter under the sun . I was looking for a litter that both my cat and I would like . I tried using thick puppy pads once and thought I found the golden egg until I realized that his paws were very damp when exiting his litter box and that he was doing a paw stamp project all over my floors and furniture . This was NOT a good thing ... So much for being creative and resourceful ... I finally bit my humble bullet and returned to my good and faithful Feline Pine Litter . Yes , there is a little tracking -LRB- very little -RRB- and it 's no fun when you unexpectedly step on a piece of pine . Ouch ! On the other hand , Feline Pine does absorb the urine and hide the odor quite well . I also like the idea that it 's a natural product and that it 's not full of chemicals or skin irritants that can harm my cat.Here 's some frugal advice ... If your kitty pees in the same spot in the litter box like mine does , just scoop out the wet litter from that spot and add new litter to fill the now vacant space in your box . Voila ! Your kitty box will be smelling fresh and piney once again . You will also use less litter and have more money to spend on cat treats and toys -LRB- the fun stuff , -RRB- instead !
 I have one indoor cat and have been using this product for at least 4 years now.At one point , I found myself living in a small dorm-style room -LRB- 7 ' x 15 ' ? -RRB- with my trooper of a kitty . Needless to say , things were cramped , and my cat was sadly confined to just this small room . Having a litter box 3 ' from your bed requires the absolute BEST in odor control.I tried EVERYTHING . Clay , crystals , clay WITH crystals , etc. . And came upon Feline Pine . I was very eager to try it since it 's natural . Well , I 've never gone back to any other brand ! -LRB- And we are n't even living in that tiny room anymore . . -RRB- Cons :1 -RRB- Poop smell . This is NOT neutralized very effectively by the pine pellets . If your cat buries his/her business , you are in slightly better luck . My cat often does n't , which I 've found generally happens when I 've just put fresh pellets in . However , for myself the poop smell is a blessing in disguise . It keeps me up on the chore of the litter box , which was easily forgotten the time I tried out one of those `` private room '' litter boxes -LRB- out of sight , out of mind - I promptly forgot all about taking care of things until my lovely kitty decided to remind me by moving her `` operations '' to the living room floor . . My fault -RRB- .2 -RRB- Pellets are too easy to scoop up when removing poop . Using a conventional scooper , I often lose a couple of pellets down the toilet when scooping . I believe Feline Pine sells a scoop made specially for their pellets though - something to try -LRB- I have n't -RRB- .3 -RRB- Pine dust tracking . Like any litter , the pine dust tracks out and my bathroom floor needs sweeping every other day or so . It does n't seem to track much more than other litter types , however.Pros :1 -RRB- NO cat urine smell . I could n't believe it ! So long as you replace the pine pellets once they are all saturated , there is NO smell . With one indoor cat , I find that I need to completely replace the 1-2 '' of litter once a week .2 -RRB- No scooping out urine clumps . Damp sawdust need n't be removed - just stirred around so it can air dry -LRB- and no biggie , since it does n't smell ! -RRB- 3 -RRB- Natural . My cat used to sneeze and cough from clay litters , and the crystal litters reek of chemicals . Not to mention chemical fragrances . Cats lick themselves to bathe - would you rather your cat licks off chemicals , or pine dust ? 4 -RRB- Poop smell . Yeah - for me , this is actually a pro . See above.Bottom line
 We recently added a cat to our family . We have never had a cat , so cat litter was a learning process . I tried many brands and have decided , hands down , that Feline Pine is the best . There is litterally no smell . I do like the pellets better , but scooping is a problem unless you have the right kind of scoop , which I do not yet . I am waiting for mine in the mail . You ca n't buy one , but FP suggests that you can just break out every other piece of plastic on your current scoop . I am just using the clumping until I get my scoop . It works just as well except there is a tracking problem with it .
 Cleaner than clay , less odor , less mess . I adopted a shelter kitten two years ago , and did tons of research into the best litter and food . The vet experts shied away from Feline Pine because of the strong scent -LRB- said cats do n't like it -RRB- . So I went with clumping clay litter . Anyone who has used clay knows all about the dust and tracking issues , especially if you live in a small apartment , which I do . After getting tired of coats of litter dust everywhere -LRB- including on my cats - who not only inhale but ingest the dust when they groom themselves -RRB- plus the unending battle of tiny pieces strewn everywhere , I switched to Feline Pine . It has made all the difference in the world . I am completely happy with this product . True , they did not like it at first ; it is a radical change . But after two months they have adjusted and are fine with it . No more dust , no more dust on the cats , no tiny pieces everywhere . Lasts a long time and practically no odor . -LRB- I clean the box twice a day . -RRB- Usage tips
 Used to use clumping cheap litter for our 4 month old kitty - was super super smelly and just plan gross and tracked EVERYWHERE ! yuk . saw feline pine at target and decided to try it out - SOO Much better ! Despite reviews i do NOT have a special litter box , just the $ 20 lid one sold at petco and it works out fine with this litter . the # 2 does not clump like clay so sort of unsightly , but there is NO odor !! shocking ! the pee just turns into powder dust like others have mentioned , very cool . I just clean once daily with my scooper and there is no smell whatsoever and we have a tiny tiny house . get this , you 'll be SHOCKED if you 're switching from clay yucky litter :-RRB- By the way , i did NO transitioning phase , just threw out old litter and replaced with feline pine and my cat starting using it the same day , no issues : -RRB-
 I used this litter for almost two years for my 3 yr old male cat . It worked great . Never any smells and easy to clean . Plus the larger pellets do n't track . However , one problem with this and other `` set it and forget it '' litters that absorb liquids as opposed to clumps that you remove , is that there is a large grey area in terms of figuring out when to change the litter . The bag mentions that all the pellets will completely break down once they have absorbed litter , but it 's hard to determine when that point is . This leaves your cat pawing through a box full of damp -LRB- with urine -RRB- sawdust if you are not studious about checking the breaking point for the litter . Still , it worked great for one cat with consistent waste -LRB- read , nice and dry poop -RRB- This ALL changed once I got a new 3 month old kitten with stool issues -LRB- more liquid than solid , I 'll just say -RRB- . The problem is , any `` moisture rich '' cat turds do n't really absorb quickly enough into the litter and the pine pellets are too large to effectively cover any waste like that.Sooo . . you 're left with these pine pellet covered turd mines that my cats would step on and then ... well , cat poop is not fun to have spread around the house.On top of all that , the liquid absorbent qualities of the pellets meant having to change out the entire cat box pretty much on a weekly basis and since the litter is n't flushable , this became an issue.Being able to clean out all waste -LRB- solid AND liquid -RRB- on a day to day basis is the main reason I switched over to Swheat Scoop which I really like -LRB- and have reviewed as well -RRB- . It keeps the cat box truly clean and it 's flushable.I will say , that even with two cats , the feline pine kept odors down to a minimum -LRB- basically , you 'd have to stick your head in the box to smell odors -RRB- . So , I recommend it , keeping in mind the issues I had above . I think it 's more of a one cat litter .
 I have had cats for many years and have used several brands of litter . When Feline Pine came out I tried it and instantly loved it . I recently have mixed Tidy Cat Crystals in with it and have found a perfect combination . Half of a small bag of Feline Pine with one third of the jug of Tidy Cat Crystals for one cat for two weeks . It does n't stick to the feet and track like the scoopables , it swells and turns to sawdust as it 's used and the smell is very limited especially if you use a covered litter box with swinging door . I do n't scoop or do another thing to it until it 's time to dump , rinse , and start all over . You will find some saw dust outside of the litter box at the end of the two weeks but not tracked all through the house . It is the best !
 Since I found Felline Pine I would not use anything else.It has a pleasant odor & is easy to take care of as needed .
 EDITED TO ADD 3/18/2012
 I love this litter because ... 1 . It completely eliminates urine odor . It does n't smell like a litter box typically does -LRB- like clay , urine and feces -RRB- . Feces do smell right after your cat uses the box , but this goes away . The idea that a cat litter is going to eliminate feces odor right when the cat goes does n't make sense to me ... it would have to be loaded with chemicals and perfumes , which I do n't want . The odor goes away within a few minutes , and I just scoop out feces at the end of the day .2 . It is very inexpensive . You only fill the box a small amount , unlike clay litters . I use it along with the Feline Pine Self cleaning litter box , and this is the best value . I only have to buy a new bag of litter once or twice a YEAR .3 . It does not track nearly as bad as clay or other fine grained litters4 . Biodegradable materialsWhat would you rather have , a litter box with 3 or 4 inches of clay litter that starts smelling after only a couple of days and is disgusting and must be trashed by the end of the week , or an inch of Feline Pine , that does not smell and lasts for 2 weeks before needing to be changed ? I almost want to laugh when I go to people 's houses and I see their disgusting clay litter boxes , or see people buying clay litter at the store . Do n't they know there 's a way that is not only better for the environment , but does n't smell and is a better value?I would also like to note that my cat is one of those picky sensitive cats that will not use litters with a lot of perfume or with a texture she does n't like . I purchased the generic pine pellets at the pet store once and she flat out refused to use them , but she ok with the Feline Pine pellets.To those who are saying FP is a `` poor value '' because you can buy horse pellets at the store and they are the same , first of all I have my doubts that they are exactly the same and break down the same . I also do n't understand why it is even an issue , considering that FP is cheaper than clay cat litters and works better . Personally I like shopping for cat litter and knowing that I am supporting a good environmentally friendly company , rather than a company that makes clay litter loaded with perfumes and chemicals.Note about the price
 I 've tried World 's Best Cat Litter -LRB- corn -RRB- , Feline Pine Clumping , and Feline Pine Original . So far , I prefer the Feline Pine Original the best . World 's Best clumps wonderfully , and overall , I was very satisfied with it - other than the `` feed store '' smell I got when cleaning out the box , and the large amount of dust it left on my cats . But I wanted to get my cats off of it because corn is a known allergen in cats , and I 'm sure they were consuming corn whenever they licked themselves after using the box -LRB- mine are covered boxes , and it makes a LOT of dust on long-haired cats -RRB- . Feline Pine Clumping is better because it 's not corn . However , it makes just as much dust in a covered box , and I do n't want my cats inhaling a lot of sawdust . Also , it does n't clump as solidly as the corn - the clumps can come apart when you 're scooping.So , I tried Feline Pine Original -LRB- the pellets -RRB- . I also ordered from their website one special Feline Pine sifting litter box and scooper , which they recommend to use with it -LRB- kept one of my own original boxes to compare it to -RRB- . The pellets turn to sawdust when saturated with liquid , so in the special Feline Pine sifting litter box , the sawdust sinks to the bottom box and the fresh pellets stay in the top box.Overall , I like the design of the Feline Pine special box , but I wish it were bigger and deeper , since my cats tend to knock a few of the pellets out while digging -LRB- but not excessively so -RRB- . Also you definitely need to put some litter in the bottom box , under the sifting box , because some of the pee does trickle down between the pellets and into the bottom box . The directions say to just add a handful of pellets , but I ended up putting some of their old litter -LRB- mix of corn and F.P. Clumping -RRB- down there and it absorbed it nicely . -LRB- My cats are well hydrated so more than just a little bit ends up down there . -RRB- I do n't think having pellets alone would absorb it enough . So when I scoop each day , I lift the top box , scoop out any pee clumps from the bottom box , and add a little more of the old litter to the bottom box if needed.I 've also been using the pellets in their old box -LRB- Clever Cat Litter Box -RRB- and it seems to do fine . You just stir the litter around so that the sawdust ends up on the bottom . Eventually , when enough of it turns to sawdust , I 'll sift it using the new F.P. sifting box , and throw away -LRB- or compost -RRB- the sawdust.I 've noticed NO pee smell whatsoever -LRB- but all the other litters I used were good for that too -RRB- . And because I mixed it in gradually with their old litter , they got used to the different texture over time , and now they 're fine with it.Overall , I like that it makes my bathroom smell slightly -LRB- but not too much -RRB- like a lumber yard -LRB- I love the smell of wood -RRB- , and there 's WAY less tracking - if pellets fall out of the box , I just pick them up and throw them back in . And , most of all , I like that there 's almost no dust for them to inhale in the covered box , and they 're not licking corn off of themselves -LRB- they do n't come in contact with the corn litter that 's in the bottom of the F.P sifting box -RRB- . I also like that it 's compostable!Try it , but remember to mix it in slooooowly over time , cuz it 's definitely a different feel under their paws .
 I tried this litter for the health factors , but did n't feel like waiting for the Feline Pine Litter Box to ship -LRB- not available on Amazon , only from company website -RRB- , so I got the Lift 'n Sift variety thinking I could use it the same way since they are similarly constructed . This was not the case . The holes in the LNSift version are too big , and the pellets fall through . The Feline Pine Litter Box -LRB- FPLB -RRB- has square holes that are 3/16 '' , which is big enough for the sawdust to go through but not the majority of pellets . You would think that the wet pellets/sawdust would get clogged in the holes , but I do n't have this problem as long as I do n't overfill the box.Using LnSift box
 We are a one cat household so I 'm not sure how well this will work in multi-cat homes but for us this is wonderful . We converted when we were living in a very small studio and the litter odor was killing us . We have an elderly cat so she urinates a little more than normal and the smell was killing us no matter how many times we cleaned . We slowly weaned her off of the clay litter and onto this and we 've never looked back . There is * no * odor to speak of and it is so clean and sanitary compared to that awful clay litter . My cat does n't have it all over her paws and ingesting it and she seems to have taken to it well also . The only negative and it just might be my cat is that she drags the pellets out with her and they get on the bathroom floor , but I 'd rather clean those up than clay !
 this product works very well for me . The cats got used to it in a few days . Now their litter boxes do n't smell bad . This litter is the only one I 've ever found that really reduces odor . From reading other reviews it sounds like some people do n't know how to use this . the used litter needs to be sifted out , which is why the special box with the screen works well . Then you can clean up the litter box every day or two . You can also use a regular scoop to sift out the sawdust part -LRB- throw away -RRB- from the granules -LRB- keep -RRB- if you want . I get this delivered regularly through Amazon . No shipping cost , the price is as good or better than I can get it at the store and there is much less carrying . Works well for me !
 This cat litter works very well . It stays in the litter box , instead of getting stuck to my cat 's feet and ending up around the house like other kitty litters do . Once I switched , I switched for good and this is the only kitty litter I use now . I would definitely recommend it to anyone with a cat !
 We have two cats , a kitten and an adult cat . We tried all kinds of litters in the past , ranging from the traditional litters to clumping that you scoop out . This was the first that did n't make us feel guilty flushing it down the toilet , nor throwing it away down the trash shute.The scent is not over powering , and we are able to keep the litter box in the guest bathroom without embarassment . In addition , we generally only need to change the litter box every week.One thing to note
 This product is nice in that it disintegrates the urine therefore causing less of an ammonia odor . The price is right as well!Feline Pine Original Cat Litter , 20-Pound Bag
 I 've been using this litter with my rescue kitty . -LRB- She showed up at my door one day pregnant , and I , like a sap , gave her some food . The very next day she came into the house and started yowling to be fed again ! -RRB- You basically have to stick your nose IN the litter box to smell anything , which is a huge plus in my book . Less smell!Now , I do want to address some of the complaints you see in the reviews here.First , people saying `` We switched to this , and my cat would n't use it , and it was a disaster '' . Well , cats can be very picky about changes . If your cat is used to a particular type of litter , he or she is not going to want to switch on your say-so . And that does n't matter what brand they 're used to or what you 're switching to ! A cat raised and litter trained on pine litter would react as badly to being made to use clay litter all of a sudden ! Whenever you switch things around with your cat , you have to do it carefully . Put a tiny amount of the new litter on the bottom of the box , and the old litter on top . Then you gradually change the proportions until you 're using a tiny amount of the old litter and it 's almost all the new litter . -LRB- Some people stay at this stage forever . If you have a very old , set-in-his-ways cat that may be best . -RRB- So when people say `` Oh , my cat did n't know what to do ! '' , I do n't take that very seriously unless they tried to gradually transition their cat.Another thing people have mentioned is that they find the poop does n't get covered . This , to me , is a matter of hygiene . You should really be removing the poop every day , no matter what type of litter you use . If you do n't wish to do that , though , you should use a different type of kitty litter . This one is n't going to work for you.The third thing is that some people have trouble cleaning it . The instructions on the bag say to shake the box so the old , used litter goes to the bottom and the top is fresh pellets . Then you dump it all out when the pellets have mostly been used up . You can do that . I 've been changing mine more frequently because our darling IS a little picky -LRB- only cat I know who prefers to go out to do her business and then comes back in just like a dog -RRB- and what I do is scoop it up and then shake it into the garbage bag . The used stuff stays in the scoop long enough to move over the trash bag , and then when I shake it it drops down . I have n't had trouble cleaning the box.Now , with that said , it 's not for everyone . For one thing , there are plenty of cats who , raised on clay litter , will find this one uncomfortable and awkward to use . But if your cat is very young or more flexible you should definitely look into this .
 After looking at all the various litter options -LRB- environmentally friendly , scented , scent-free , odor reducing ... -RRB- I think this is the best litter I 've found by a large margin . I live in a small space -LRB- 1000 sq ft -RRB- and the litter box is in the guest bathroom meaning that people are constantly exposed to it . This litter does smell a little `` woodsy '' but overall it reduces smells , lasts longer -LRB- with a little scooping -RRB- and is cheaper on average than most . It also -LRB- very importantly -RRB- tracks a lot less than other litters I 've used.Highlights
 I have been using Feline Pine Cat Litter for several months . I use it as an extender for my other cat litter . It is cost efficient and adds a wonderful fresh pine smell to the litter box . It is easy to maintain the cleanliness of the litter box and helps keep it dry and inviting for your cats . I have 4 cats and they never had any problem adjusting to the addition of Feline Pine Litter to their box . Overall , this is an excellent product that I highly recommend for daily use . I purchase my bags through the monthly automatic delivery Amazon provides . It is such a pleasure not to have the worry about the availability at the local store and the convenience of having it delivered to my front door .
 I 've used all kinds of litter , clay , wheat , corn , and was never satisfied with any of them . I have a cat that always preferred doing her business outside of the box , until I got this litter . I did n't do any break in period , but I did have two litter boxes , one with the old litter , and one with feline pine . . they would use both equally , so when I ran out of the old stuff , I just filled it up with feline pine , and the cats do n't even care . We have 4 cats , so I keep the two boxes in different rooms , to give them a `` choice '' of where they want to go.It DOES take a little more maintenance . It does not smell like cat urine at all , but you will smell poop , so you will want to clean that out daily , I do it twice a day if I need to , but usually just once a day . One a week , you need to sift all the dust out . I purchased a metal mesh grid off of amazon that works great -LSB- ... -RSB- It cost $ 4 . I scoop the litter onto the mesh , and shake it around over a box , then dump the pellets back into the litter box . . takes me about 15 minutes to do two big boxes.One day when I was at Home Depot to do some screen repair , they had a premade sliding aluminum screen , that costed $ 5 , which might work well also.The litter itself lasts forever ... I would say more than month with proper care . . and I have 4 cats.Another thing you might want to consider is changing their diet . At first , their poop would be a little on the soft side , which is difficult to clean , but I switched to Blue Buffalo Wilderness Chicken -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- which has no grain , and my cats poop is on the harder side , it doesnt smell -LRB- much -RRB- . . and my cats are all around healthier and a lot more active.At first , you could really smell the pine . . it was a little over powering to be honest , but not in a bad way . I just had some friends over this past weekend , and I asked if our house smelled weird . . and they all said no ... they were drunk , so I know they were telling the truth .
 and both of my cats give it a high five ! I love being a cat mom , but hated traditional cat litter ... the smell , the mess , and the removal . Frustrated and searching for a greener path , I discovered Feline Pine . Now I have no problems with litter box odor and once the poop is flushed , the odor free dust is recycled outside . New to Feline Pine , my pound kitties had no problems adapting to the change -LRB- I think they were relieved -RRB- . My mother was so impressed that she started buying it and her Sammy loves it too . I have tried `` copy cat '' brands , but Feline Pine is worth the extra cost . To top it off , Amazon delivers the 20 lb bag right to my door . How cool is that ?
 Order for Feline Pine Original Cat Litter 20 Pound Bag -LRB- 4 -RRB- was handled very effectly andthe 4 packages were receivedquickly . Very satisfied with the product .
 I have 2 cats and we use this litter . This is a wallet friendly option to traditional litters and much better for them . Traditional litters , can cause health hazards to your feline friends so we chose this litter and have stuck with it ever since . It cuts out on odor and there is very little stray litter around the house -LRB- though , I admit , my kitties like to play with the pellets -RRB- . Our pet resort even commented on what a great litter it was !
 I do n't quite know where I stand on Feline Pine . It 's the litter my cat 's breeder used , so as to not cause confusion I bought the same . It does keep the urine odor under control and there 's no dust . But of course , it does nothing for fresh feces . It breaks down to sawdust fairly quickly ; I scoop 2-3 times a day and change the litter every Monday and usually by Friday it is 80 % sawdust . When it becomes more powdery , fresh feces is nearly undetectable , plus I use copious amounts of baking soda . I try to imagine whether clumping litter would be better to use , but I 'm not sure yet . I do n't believe there is any great litter out there .
 Excellent for odor control and easy clean up . The pellets become powdery when wet , and can be flushed down a toilet . There 's no weird chemical smell , and it works well to neutralize the regular litter smells .
 This product is amazing ! I had been using clay litter forever , and I finally got fed up with the dust and the tracked litter in my bathroom , so I started looking into other options . I picked up a bag of Feline Pine -LRB- which costs much less at Target than the current price on Amazon , hence only 4 stars -RRB- and I have been nothing but impressed . There is a nice pine smell in my bathroom , and my house does n't reek of cat urine . No dust irritating me when I clean the litter box , a huge plus . And there is n't clay on the bathroom floor ! -LRB- Who enjoys stepping out of the shower into nasty cat litter tracked onto the floor ?! -RRB- And my cat took to it right away , no problems . Hopefully that will be the case for your cat . I understand picky cats ; mine will only eat one brand of cat food . So if you are sick of clay litter , definitely give this a try .
 When I moved to NYC my outdoor kitty became and indoor kitty and we adopted a second cat to keep him company . Our Manhattan apartment is SMALL so their litter box is never far away and I am highly sensitive to smell and to litter tracking everywhere . I spent years trying many brands of litter in my pursuit of avoiding synthetic fragrances , dusty litter , minimizing tracking and ease of maintenance ... Initially I was sold on the green tea brand , but cleaning was a bear because massive cat pee clumps form everyday from the two cat traffic and the pellets do n't fall through my scoop . Although the smell was improved , I could still detect cat pee -LRB- even though we were removing all the pee clumps ?? -RRB- starting at about 7 days out . And I am cheap , so I would try to squeeze up to two or three weeks out of a bag before I gave up and dumped the whole thing out , cleaned the box and started again.But now , I found the perfect solution , started using Feline Pine pellets cat litter 5 days ago . 1/3 of the 20lb bag in a large litter box for my two cats . I/ve been removing any solids from the box frequently -LRB- we share a bathroom , as soon as I see it , I scoop it -RRB- and stir up the box once a day to balance out the moisture laden parts -LRB- the pellets become powder once wet -RRB- . It seems like 80 % of the pellets have converted to powder . After cleaning and stirring , I shake up the box and a layer of fresh pellets rise up to the top which prevents the pine powder from tracking out . So far , after 5 days of 2 cat traffic , bathroom smells fresh , there is no tracking and it is so easy to maintain . As I mentioned , I am cheap so I will see how long this 1/3 of the bag can be used before it begins to smell a bit funky ... But , even if I have to dump it out every week , $ 10 for 3 weeks of fresh smelling non-tracking , kitty litter is a no brainer . I am so thrilled .
 Nothing 's perfect , especially kitty litter . We 've tried many different kinds including World 's Best -LRB- which smelled really horrible -RRB- , Sweatscoop , and pea pod varieties . Thankfully , our two cats are rather flexible and adapted very quickly to the Feline Pine pellets after we tried the scoopable version first and decided it tracked just as bad as the others -LRB- one of our main contentions with litter , the other being smell upon urination -RRB- . These pellets really absorbs urine oder , but you do need to scoop out the solid waste a little more frequently since they have difficulty burying it . Tracking is very minimal . The fact that no strip mining -LRB- like for clay litter -RRB- and no offensive perfumes means that it 's a little more environmentally friendly than many commercial litters . Biodegradability is also a bonus , though I ca n't speak for flushability since my apartment managers strictly forbid flushing litter of any kind .
 We are very happy with Feline Pine . I do n't know what kind of litter the Humane Society uses , but our adopted kitten -LRB- aprox 6 mos old -RRB- used it from the first day we brought her home . I have a strong aversion to cat box smell in any house and do n't like keeping a litter box , but with a new kitten who 's not allowed outside , it is necessary . This litter is not only non-toxic for cats and humans , it neutralizes odor and can be composted under trees and shrubs when it is used up . We use the litter according to directions - covering the bottom of the box with one inch of litter , scoop poop as soon as we discover it -LRB- usually 2x/day -RRB- , and only need to change the box once every 7-10 days when all of the pine pellets have turned to pee-soaked sawdust . With the Amazon subscription to have a 20lb bag delivered every 2 months , it is perfect litter solution for our home . I have already recommended it to every friend with felines .
 My cats love it and so do I.Pros : No clay dust . No clay mess . No clumps of clay . NO CLAY . My cats do not track it all over my house . Does n't stick to paws . Flushable.Cons : Requires a unique litter scooper to let pellets pass through . IRIS one works perfect.I highly recommend . This is a must buy for any cat owner .
 We have tried World 's Best in order to avoid toxic chemicals of most cat litter and to find an eco friendly slution for our two cats ... . but World 's Best only sent us running back for Fresh Step.Feline Pine however , is wonderful . There is no smell , and though there is a bit of tracking ... there is nothing to complain about as now I know the tracking is not toxic to all of us -LRB- humans and feline alike -RRB- ! The only negative thing about this litter is that we found it after I had purchased a great litter box that can not be utilized with this litter : -LRB- I hope that soon , we can find a litter box that will work with Feline Pine , but for now , we like it enough to deal with the scooping problem.Update
 Great product ! Easy to clean and cover some bad oder of the cat urine . The best part is that I saved a lot money by using this kind of cat litter . The traditional one is not eco-friendly . This one is ! Moreover , you add little more when the cat litter runs out . You do n't have to throw away the whole cat litter and change for the new one . The other best part is that this one is flushable ! PS . You have to use two layer litter box in order to make this function well .
 Because my female cat was getting infections on her ` rosebud ' from using gravel litter , I switched to Feline Pine . No more infections and no more costly vet visits . Took her a while to get used to it . A bit more costly but worth it .
 This Feline Pine is fantastic . There is no odor and it cleans up neatly . It just melds into a fine clump . I use the big scoop you can get for free with their points program . Finally there is hope for cat litter .
 What I love about this litter
 I have tried all litters and I love this one , I have two cats . I was concerned when we had a crawling baby that the chemicals would be tracked through the house -LRB- wood floors -RRB- and I do not like the thought of my kitties licking their paws after having them in clay or clumping litters . I like that I do not have to worry if a pellet gets put in the toliet either!The odor control is amazing . Some dust does track , but just shake teh pan side to side to get teh sawdust to go to teh bottom . I also use to line my bird cage.The points on the packets is great too , after 4 large bags , you get $ 5 back by check!Def recommend it
 I switched to this cat litter on the recommendation of a friend when I complained about the smell of the cat box in my bathroom -LRB- downside of living in a small city apartment -RRB- . This stuff is amazing - natural -LRB- perhaps somewhat environmentally friendly ? -RRB- AND takes care of smell WAY better than anything else I 've tried . Now , it does n't hide poop smells , but it 's really the cat pee that 's the killer . My cats had no trouble adapting to the new litter , but they 're not all that picky anyhow . It is a bit hard to scoop -LRB- the large kernels get caught up -RRB- , so we 've gotten lazy and just scoop once a week and then replace every two weeks.The other major benefit -LRB- unexpected -RRB- was the lack of tracking . With other cat litters you invariably find `` dust '' all around the box , footprints on your bed , etc. . Some does get kicked out of the box , but it does n't go anywhere . It 's probably better for the cats too , since they 're not cleaning it off their paws all the time!Amazing stuff !
 One of the reasons I love pine litter is because it is just a natural product . You can flush , put in yard or throw away and not feel guilty . I hate all the fake scented cat litter . Feline Pine just smells like pine . After you scoop , you can mix up the litter in the box and it will dry . You just add a little more into the box and it 's good to go . Very rare that the cats drag the pine pellets out of the box . If some get out , you can just pick them up off the floor and put right back into the box . The pellets are large enough to handle . I have three cats using one large box and it works out fine . I think it 's a great product and the only litter I will use for my cats . In the summer months I scoop out the box and dump the litter in the yard near the pine trees . That 's a great feeling ! You ca n't do that with normal cat litter .
 I really like this product as a day to day litter . When it needs to be changed it comes out easily and is light weight to throw away . When I show my cats though I take a gel crystal litter as the Feline Pine does get dusty and can stain the feet . Household cats do n't have to worry about it .
 I only use Feline Pine in a top-entry litter box . Kitty acclimated without any problems . This has a distinct smell to it , I do n't know how to describe . It tracks less than clay but you do end up with small bits of pine when kitty is overzealous with his burying . Does n't do the best job of masking odors.ETA - this used to be on Amazon subscribe and save but was dropped . Now I do n't purchase on Amazon because I can find it elsewhere for less . Amazon was so much easier than putting a 40-lb bag of cat litter on the back of my bike !
 Silica in popular scoopable clay litters can cause serious lung problems for cats & owners , even lung cancer . Silica , even clay , often not on box label , but can look up online for that info . Must have powerful lobby to remain on market . I noticed coughing when dust stirred up , did research , learned of dangers , decided on Feline Pine . No more coughing , less tracking , too . Cat adjusted , no prob . Do n't order from Petco on Amazon . They double price w/shipping .
 This litter has been fantastic for my bunny ! It controls the odor so well and we ca n't even smell the urine anymore ! Could n't have been better !
 We are in the process of toilet training our cat using Litter Kwitter . This requires us using a biodegradeable litter -LRB- flushable -RRB- . The product is great ! Urine is odorless . When wet , this product simply disintegrates into particles that behave as tiny individual sponges . They flush beautifully . We do not flush a tremendously large amount . Just the portion that may spill into the toilet while the cat is using the Litter Kwitter insert . Not more than a cup of litter is flushed .
 This works well for a multi cat household but ... the price jumps are insane . I bought several bags yesterday at $ 8.32 each . Today the same litter is priced at $ 16.48 for the 20 lb . bag , almost the same as the 40 lb . bag which is $ 17.99 . You need to be prescient or at least very lucky to purchase this item at a fair price .
 Took a little getting used to -LRB- my cat actually made the switch without a problem -RRB- . I use the Feline Pine Original with a sifting litter box . It does scoop differently from clumping litter , but once you get used to that difference , it 's much easier . There is hardly any tracking on my floor -LRB- just around the litter box -RRB- ! The odor control is AMAZING ! There is NO odor . Highly recommend .
 we have two cats and they share a litter box that we 've been filling with Feline Pine for about a year . I only gave it four stars because it 's a bit pricey in my opinion , but otherwise we like it a lot .
 Considering what cat litter products are available to me , this is the best choice . I only have one requirement for cat litter . No odor . Feline Pine delivers . As far as I 'm concerned , if you can walk into my New York City sized studio and not smell a single one of my five cats , then this product is doing it 's job and doing it 100 % . Unlike clay litters this does not leave annoying clay rocks all over my apartment . It leaves absolutely no trace of urine odor . And that disgusting wet urine saturated clay litter smell ? Gone forever . When I come home from work , I smell nothing.I do n't know if my town even has a feed store to get the cheaper version of Feline Pine . I do n't care . I 'll gladly pay the extra money . In fact , I purchased two 20 pound bags today and it costs me about $ 20.00 . It 's worth it.A word to the unsatisfied . Try using a sifting litter box for Feline Pine or rubber gloves to clean the poop out by hand . Then you wo n't waste so much unused litter when emptying the feces and urine daily .
 I have had a cat and a kitten for about 6 months now . I had tried a myriad of kitty litters prior to settling on Feline Pine . Since one was a kitten and both came from a shelter , I do n't think the cats were particularly picky about their litter . I switched them from clay to pine pellets without using any transition and they were unphased.After using Feline Pine for a few weeks , I decided to go ahead and buy two of the litter boxes made for the litter . Having the ability to sift out the sawdust -LRB- which is created when cat urine breaks down the pine pellets -RRB- into the bottom pan has made litter box cleanup SUPER easy!This is what I do
 I have been using clay litter for 20 + years . I just adopted a new cat and her two kittens after my final 15-year-old clay-using cat passed away . Grudgingly I bought a bag of pine litter on the adoption center 's recommendation with the logic that it was what they were used to , and the kittens would not ingest clay scoopable this way . Sold , ok , I can transition them to clay , right?No thanks ! I love these pellets . My cats do n't track them out like some people 's , though , and that helps . I feel like clay is MUCH messier . Here is the technique I 've developed . One inch in the bottom of the pan -LRB- which scared me when the adoption lady told me that , it seemed like way too little ! -RRB- and I scoop daily . First , scoop the poop out . Then I use a dust pan , like for sweeping the floor to move half the litter aside and sift the litter using a `` traditional '' clay litter scooper . The sawdust sifts into a pile , and I put the pellets in another pile . It does n't take that long because there is only an inch of litter in . Then I scoop out the sawdust using the dust pan , which I only use for the litter box , and it goes into the compost . Sprinkle on fresh pellets and I am done.I should note that I use a very wide shallow pan -LRB- it was meant for an underbed storage drawer -RRB- since my previous elderly cat got so creaky she had trouble making it into a normal litter box . Works great for kittens/multicat for me.TL ; DR : Pros : * Good smell , even after multiple cats pee on it * Seems to handle even diarrhea ok -LRB- my cats are freshly vaccinated/wormed -RRB- * COMPOSTABLE !!! I hated throwing out clay , now it goes in my city compost bin.Cons : * Probably needs to be `` managed '' daily with multi-cats * Pricier , though I seem to use less ?
 This stuff is absolutely incredible . I 'm allergic to just about everything , including the dust that rises off of traditional clay and silica litter . If you have a special room for your litter , you 'll notice that regular dust gets on every surface . It 's disturbing , really . That stuff is going into your lungs you know . Feline Pine has NO DUST . Pour it out , and your litter area smells pleasantly of a lumber yard -LRB- well , I find that pleasant -RRB- . When cats use the box , urine breaks down the pellets and is absorbed . Solid waste sits on top . You only run into trouble if your cat has gastrointestinal track problems - loose bowel movements are more difficult to scoop . The pellets track a bit , but they 're large and a litter mat will slow their progress across a room.Now , I will offer one caveat
 Used all sorts of litter - clump , clay , beads , cornmeal - and found this one to be the best of the bunch . The smells are quite mitigated and you do n't get new bugs as you could with the cornmeal-based ones . Clumping can lodge itself to the litter box and scrapping that can be a pain . This ships on a schedule for our two cats and with their old point system , got a free scoop . The cats come out with clean paws , unlike the clay-based litters - we 'd find litter , literally , all over the house , on sofas and chairs , on the bed , wherever they roamed.One draw back though is how you want to deal with the broken down litter , since it becomes soft and builds up in the box . You can throw it all out but there 's still a good mix of `` unused '' litter pellets . So with more effort , the larger scoop can haul out the solid waste and we use the usual litter scoop -LRB- smaller holes -RRB- and sift through , keeping the pellets . More work but makes it last longer , that 's the only drawback but otherwise it works well keeping the odors out and not tracking it around the house.Used it for about 6 months now and happy with it and prefer not to change it.Feline Pine Original Cat Litter , 20-Pound Bag
 This litter does n't track all over the house the way gravel does . It expands as it is used . They favor it over other litters . It is worth passing up other litters and looking for this one .
 Briefly
 My husband and I have been using this cat litter since we adopted our female cat 2.5 years ago . We love the litter for her . It 's eco-friendly , safe for all of us , and she is fine with it . It 's also flushable , but since we are on the coast , we do not flush -LRB- toxoplasmosis , which is harmful to the human fetus , is also harmful to sea life -RRB- . We have the 2-layer litter boxes specifically for Feline Pine Original , so cleaning up was easy.Over time , we adopted two boy cats . When we had only our girl and one boy , the litter was fine , but now that we have adopted a third cat , the litter is no longer acceptable , despite cleaning twice per day . It does well with the urine smell - until you clean the box - but does n't cover up the fecal smell even if it 's been buried all day . Coming home to a poop-smelling house is not pleasant and is totally embarrassing if we 're with guests . Additionally , when cleaning out the urine-soaked sawdust , I feel like I 'm going to pass out from the strong ammonia smell . This smell can be noxious for the cats if you have an enclosed litter box where the fumes get trapped . We also have serious fly issues from the litter garbage -LRB- we know it 's because of this litter since we tried a different litter and did n't have flies -RRB- . I would definitely continue using this litter if it still worked for us , but it sadly does n't .
 This kitty liter always has a fresh smell , even when it is 2 weeks old . I 've never had kitty liter that did this . In addition my cat likes and uses it -LRB- he is VERY fussy -RRB- . The only down side is that I can not find an appropriately sized slotted scoop , so it has not been possible to clean it daily .
 One cat , more than two weeks , NO smell except the very slight pine sawdust smell of the stuff itself . Better by far than clay based or the wheat based litters . The wheat gets nasty smelling after a day !
 Nice product -LRB- yes , good -LRB- , although a friend wondered what I was doing , using hamster stuff for kitty litter . Yea , they look similar . It has a nice scent , though ! And my cat does n't seem to mind how it looks , she uses it . XD
 I have used this product for many years . I have always preferred the natural cat litters and find the Feline Pine to work well . It keeps down the smell and can be recycled , minus the poop , into my garden beds and seems to keep the rodents away.I was especially happy to find it at Amazon in 20 pound bags making it cheaper per pound than the 7 pound bags found in the supermarket , plus delivered to my front door . What could be better.A little goes a long way if you do n't fill the litter box too full , just about an inch or so on the bottom and scooped every day and I replace about once a week with fresh litter for a multi-cat household and only replace about once a month for one cat . It does track pine dust once the pellets break down , but what litter does n't . If you like clumping litters this is n't the litter for you , but I 'd give it a try if you want to go natural .
 I was extremely skeptical at first . How could pellets do anything for cat litter ? I had come across this stuff at my local pet shop since they had a bag on sale , got out the iPhone and went straight for the Amazon app to check reviews . I was utterly amazed at the positive reviews . Almost to the point of not believing them there were so many . We were clay clumping it for so long , I had no idea there were other options . I was surprised by the reviews and went for it . I will never . I mean NEVER go back to clumping litter EVER . That stuff is utterly disgusting once you 've used this litter.There is zero and I mean zero urine smell . Yes , their crap stinks , but the clumping litter did n't do wonders on that either.The only mistake I made with this litter was I thought I could make it work using my existing litter box . You absolutely need a sifting one and after looking all over the net , it sounds like the best one is of course the one Feline Pine makes . But after shipping , it was over $ 30 . I thought I 'd go it on my own and created one using an 11/64 drill bit -LRB- that is the perfect size that does n't allow pellets to fall out -RRB- . Yes it took about 2 hours to drill and 2 battery charges and lord knows how many holes later , but in the end , it works and it works well.You can not go wrong with this purchase . It is as simple as that .
 Good litter , but one day this is 8.41 with subscribe and save and the next day it 's 13.75 . The 5 dollar fluctuation is too wide to use amazon as a reliable supplier . It 's cheaper at the local grocery store -LRB- but of course not as convenient -RRB- .
 In the search for a more natural and less waste-producing cat litter , I stumbled upon Feline Pine . Since I could not find an official Feline Pine cat box to use with it , I decided to try the Tidy Cats Breeze litter box . My cat seemed to like Feline Pine just fine , and the Breeze box seemed fine , too . At first.As for the litter itself , the true subject of this review , I really like it . I especially like that you can actually flush the cat poop down your toilet , since the pellets dissolve into sawdust when they are wet . Although the pellets did seem to stick to the poop , it was still really easy to scoop out of the box and dispose of . I did n't notice much tracking beyond a very close perimeter of the box , probably due more to her attempting to bury her waste than to the pellets sticking to her paws . No tracking upstairs as with the old clumping clay litter , no `` litter box feet '' smell on the actual cat , and no more licking clay litter dust when she is grooming . The odor of the box is not horrible , but it certainly does n't mask the poop odor like clumping litter . I did n't buy it for that purpose , and my box is in the basement , so no big deal . The smell was n't intolerable , just kind of funky . Wet sawdust meets cat urine meets poop . And , this litter is pretty reasonable and lasts quite a long time , in my opinion longer than a tub of clumping litter because you do n't use as much in the box . Ultimately , the litter is a great product if you have a proper box to use it with.Now , for the box . I read many reviews where people mentioned using the Breeze box with Feline Pine . And it does work . Kind of . The wet sawdust falls into the tray below and the tray can be emptied into the trash . The solid waste stays on top . Every time I scooped the poop I 'd sift the box , bringing the dust down to the tray . Then I would dump the tray and I was done . Very simple . The problem is that every once in awhile you really do need to clean the box . I do n't mean scoop , I mean clean , with actual soap and water . The tray gets rather nasty with all that urine-soaked sawdust falling down there -LRB- sometimes I 'd even have standing puddles of urine waiting when I pulled out the tray -RRB- and would benefit from a soap and water cleansing about once a month . So begins the nightmare . The box is hard to clean with this litter in it ! The pellets get stuck in the sifting grid , and I do n't have a utility sink in my laundry room , so I hauled the box upstairs to the tub to try to `` rinse '' them out . The pellets dissolve in water , right ? No , they do n't dissolve ! They turn into sawdust ! Big mistake . Do n't be foolish like I was and try to put Feline Pine sawdust down your tub drain . Duh ! It clogs the drain ! I ended up with a bunch of sawdust in my tub , which I then had to plunge out of the drain and scoop out with my hands . Disgusting . I should really have tried picking them out first and then washing the box . Live and learn . Either way , it is a huge pain to soap-and-water cleanse the box.I am deducting a star because Feline Pine makes a box specifically for this litter , but it 's not available ! I guess you could use a regular box , but that seems an even worse option . You 'd have a ton of soggy sawdust sitting on the bottom , and the cat would end up digging in that . Gross.Feline Pine , I need a decent box for this litter !
 Well I really liked the freshness of the pine , BUT when I went to purchase it at PETCO , the freshness was not there and left a ` staleness ' of odor in the air . I took it back and apparently the whole supply smelled that way . They told me that happens every once in awhile . My advice to you if you purchase it at a pet store , have them open it first . My guess is that what I got was old .
 Have been using feline pine with our three cats for nearly five years . The only thing I do n't like about it is the pine dust that your left with once the pellets get wet and break down . We have found that every other day we -- meaning me -- have to clean the litter box to remove the poo as well as the dissolved pine . A small colander works great to separate the still usable pine from the dust . I would give my first born to the person who designs a self cleaning litter box for this litter : -RRB-
 I love this litter , in theory -- it is dust free , keeps the smell to a minimum , and is natural . And , this litter was EXCELLENT for my old girl who urinated a lot . The litter is fantastic at trapping the ammonia smell that I hate so much , and it slowly broke down as she continued to use it . . But , my younger kitty wanted NOTHING to do with this litter , no matter how slowly I tried to transition her over . I 'm not sure if she does n't like the texture on her feet -LRB- I probably would n't either -RRB- or the fact that it 's harder to dig in because the pellets are a different shape/heavier , or what . But , I 'd recommend giving it a try to see if you have any luck with your cats . The health benefits , and how cost effective it is , are worth giving it a shot . -LRB- As an aside , I would not consider this in any way a `` clumping '' litter like the product description says ... -RRB-
 This litter makes it easy to clean only those areas where the cats have peed . It has a nice smell too .
 Feline Pine WAS making two types of cat litter , but the BETTER of the two is becoming hard to find . One con given for what I shall call the ` rabbit food pellet ' variety was that is does n't clump . I HATE the pellet type of litter , and my cats do n't care for it either . HOWEVER , Feline Pine DOES -LRB- or at least , DID -RRB- make a CLUMPING variety of pine litter that works WONDERFULLY . It 's small grain pine granules of sawdust are light , smell great -LRB- and continues to smell better even after use - more than ANY other type of litter I 've come across -RRB- and clumps reasonably well with the addition of guar gum - a food type of thickening agent . It does n't clump quite as well as clay litter , but does n't have any of clay 's disadvantages , either . A good trade off , in my book . It was first recommended to me by a friend of my daughter 's who pet sits for us on occasion , because her allergies made clay litter problematic . I took some to my mom because the weight of clay litter was a problem for her 84 year old arthritic hands and bad shoulder . What I do n't understand is why anyone would use the pellet kind when the MUCH better clumping Feline Pine is available . Now it 's getting hard to find the clumping kind in local stores , but the pellet fad seems to be taking over . I do n't get it . The five stars I gave are for the clumping variety - I would n't give the pellet kind more than two - it does still smell better than clay litter , but that 's pretty much the only thing to recommend it in my book . I need to find the Feline Pine website and tell this to them too .
 I needed a reliable , comfortable , strong yet flexible carrier for my Shih Tzu when we travel . This bag is perfect . My dog loved the bag , and found it very relaxing in the carrier . On the plane and even at the airport she made little noise and enjoyed sleeping in her bag , with the cozy little mat in there . The carrier fits well under the seat in front of you , and most people wo n't even suspect you have a dog in what appears to be a duffle bag . The bag has a comfortable shoulder strap , and is easy to carry . Additionally , there are separate pockets to store a passport , or wallet in , so it makes a nice carry on when traveling with a pet . This is a very good quality product which both you and your pet will enjoy . I have traveled a fair bit with mine over the last year and it is still in great shape ! Overall , the best value out there for a pet carrier .
 I loved this product ! I also purchased the microfabric pet liners to absorb any accidents on my first airline flight with my big kittie , and the cabin flight went beautifully for my pet on United Airlines ! The Sherpa Carrier is well designed and sturdy , , but allows ample screened apertures for your pet to feel secure about what is going on in the environment around them . I highly recommend the Sherpa carrier to anyone in need of a protective carrier .
 I have one cat and we live on a sailboat . This box is a life saver ! I can use it for two weeks -LRB- three if I am being very lazy -RRB- and then throw the whole thing out . By throwing the whole thing out it keeps the cabin much cleaner and better smelling . I was worried that my 14 year-old little lady cat would not be able to make the transition from her plastic box to this kind of box , but she made the switch quite well . I LOVE this product !
 We love the Kitty 's Wonderbox!We first tried just the plastic bag type liners , but they did n't work so well . Our kitties would just pull the sides down while they were doing their digging.Now , we use both the plastic bag type liner and the Wonderbox as a liner , and cleaning our 3 litter boxes has never been easier . I have n't had to take a litter box outside to be hosed down in years - ever since we started using the Wonderbox liners . Sure , every once in awhile one of the kitties will have bad aim and maybe I 'll have to use a cleaning wipe to wipe down the inside of the hood to the litter boxes , but our days of scrubbing out the entire litter boxes are gone . We change out the plastic liner and the Wonderbox once a month , and everyone in our house - especially the kitties - are very happy.I just recently sent some of the Wonderboxes to a friend for her birthday , and she said that they were the best birthday present ever !! The subscription service through Amazon is fantastic . When you order the Wonderbox through the subscription service , you get a cheaper price and free shipping . It 's the cheapest price I 've seen anywhere for this product . The free shipping makes it a great deal .
 When 3 cats were ill found these as alternative to washing plastic box weekely . Now I line plastic box , pop this into lined plastic box , scoop daily and lift out entire box monthly for 1 well cat , weekly for 3 cats . Great product for our use .
 I started off using the smaller version of this product for baby bunnies and I have moved to the larger size as they have grown . It works great for rabbits . Bunny pee can be some rude stuff and it is hard to clean off the buildup in a plastic litter box . The smell is contained until you change out the litter -LRB- at which point no matter what you use or do that urine aroma could knock you down -RRB- . I change out the litter twice a week and toss the whole box every two weeks or so . It is cheaper at Petsmart but they can be hard to find . If you do the Amazon subscription service it comes out to only 6 cents more . Plus no driving around town looking for these in the stores . I would definitely recommend this litter box and subscription service .
 We have three cats . These boxes are great . They allow us to have a depth of litter the cats appreciate , and that helps with cat box fling . After a few months use , we throw them away and start over .
 I love this box , it is the best invention as it never leaks and all you need to do is clean it out every day . Not a good product if you are not going to use clumping litter . Otherwise , just clean out each day and you can keep this box for 4-6 weeks . Then you just throw it away and replace it with a new box . No more cleaning or scrubbing litter boxes!My only complaint was the shipping cost from Amazon . Cost more than the boxes themselves and because of this , sadly I will never order this product from Amazon again .
 My cat tolerates this litter box very well . It saves washing out the old one . One can dispose of the wonder box quite easily .
 this item is perfect-i put wonder box in my plastic litter pan-use worlds best litter-change wonder box & litter about every six weeks-been looking for this system about thirty years-i love it so does my kitten .
 I have used these boxes for several years and love them . The paper really cuts down on the smell . I use two of the regular size boxes in a large black cement mixing trough for my 3 inside cats . There is still alot of splatter of litter , but I can deal with that . I use paper lunch bags for disposal of droppings and urine clumps ... the paper really filters the smell .
 The pan is in my bedroom for over two weeks . I scoop and have added litter , but no smell , and I have a very sensitive nose . My cat and I are both happy . It is amazing as I can see not having to toss it for at least two or three more weeks . I do want to add that I have another very expensive automated cat box , which if it was n't so expensive , I 'd toss in favor of the simplicity and lack of odor of this product . I do have one cat , but she had problems going in the `` right '' place . No more .
 My cat loves this product and so do I. It 's easy to keep clean and to dispose of all the nuggets buried in the litter . Just pick up the whole shebang and toss it into a trash bag . Then it 's down to the dumpster . Yay ! Miss Jasper Jones approves !
 We have been using the Kitty Wonderbox for years and greatly enjoy it . We use the scoopable kitty litter with it and all works out fine ! I personally would prefer this to mechanical contraptions -LRB- i.e. the self cleaning , etc. -RRB- and my wife prefers to pitch it after a few weeks when she feel it gets too dirty -LRB- as opposed to washing a permanent plastic box -RRB- . We enjoy this product !
 When my 2 cats found me and took over my household -LRB- and heart -RRB- , the one thing I dreaded was cleaning up after them . Thankfully they came to me already trained to use a litter box , but I still did n't even like the idea of having to wash and clean a litter box - doing toilets is enough . I originally found The Kitty Wonderbox in a grocery store . I liked the idea of just adding litter to the box , scooping when needed , and then when it would normally be time to wash and clean a real box , this you just threw away and started with a new one . They are biodegradeable and I use one a month based on the Wonderbox instructions and my own cats usage . My cats have no problem using the box and there has never been an `` accident '' . I do know there is a larger size Wonderbox available if you have a super kitty , but for a normal size cat , you should be fine with this . If you do n't like to soap , water , sterilze a plastic box , this is the answer . Also good to carry on trips .
 These used to be available locally , but I 'm glad Amazon carries them . I like being able to throw away the box at the end of a few weeks AND they are made from recycled paper , so it 's also nice to feel like you 're helping create a market for recyclables .
 Buy this product ! I bought a pack of 3 of these litterboxes 3 months ago . This is the first litterbox that does n't stink and it is easy to keep it that way . Just remove the solids when necessary , add a bit more litter and voila ! Nose happy , cat happy ! These boxes do not soak through at all . As a matter of fact , I do n't put it inside a plastic box , I just use it as it is . The first time you throw one away , check out the inside bottom and you will be amazed at how clean it looks . The other plus is not mucking up the environment with more plastic in landfills . These babies are biodegradable . What are you waiting for ? You will not be sorry .
 We use these for our two rabbits . The plastic boxes were hard to clean and got nasty after a while . The rabbits chew these a bit but it 's just paper so it does n't hurt them .
 I bought this to put in my cat 's crate while she flew to our new house . It was a good size for this . For a temporary litter box , it 's very solid .
 These boxes are great . It is so nice not to clean a cat box . All you do is throw it away .
 The kitty litters have lasted for more than a month each with little wear showing thus far . I have two in the house and one in the office . They are the right size for a kitten and I would buy them again .
 The jumbo litter wonderbox is great . This box works well for multiple cats . I like using the wonderbox because it does n't have the odor like the regular litterboxes .
 Kitty 's WonderBox are a great way to line a Jumbo litter box . My Maine Coon tears up plastic liners into trash . He 'll paw at them until they fold over the litter and become filthy and useless , and if they are clipped to the litter box , he paws at them until they are ripped apart . When we use these to line his Jumbo litter box there is no extra mess to clean up . I can line this with a liner and hide the opening underneath the WonderBox or I can just not use a liner on it at all and throw it out when it is no longer reusable . If your cat destroys plastic liners I strongly recommend using this to line your Jumbo or Large sized litter box .
 Let me tell you that we have tried everything . I have had oneLitter Robot LRII Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Beigeand threeLitterMaid LM900 Mega Self-Cleaning Litter Box . I used to like the LitterMaid , it was especially awesome when I had to do a lot of traveling for my job . But at some point , I got really sick of cleaning it ; having to do a good scrub every few weeks -LRB- yuck -RRB- . So then I tried the Litter Robot . From a form and function perspective it works perfectly . Unfortunately , one of my cats would go inside but would n't make `` it '' in the box , and the other started peeing all over the house -LRB- yuck -RRB- . So desperate we found the jumbo box ... and well , if you have a cat ... this box is awesome . As long as you scoop it every day , it really does n't smell . And because of that my cats go in the litter box again -LRB- which was a challenge for a time -RRB- . I keep a clean house , but scrubbing a litter box has always seemed disgusting to me ... and now , I do n't have to worry . YEAH Wonderbox .
 This is a lifesaver for me in the wintertime . It is so easy to use this box with litter . I change litter every week , and use it for 1 month before it leaks . I only have 1 cat . great for going to mountains or on vacation . not flismy at all .
 With 2 Maine Coon cats in our household these large disposable litter boxes are ideal . They are durable , easy to clean and easy to dispose of . I will definitely buy these again .
 I hate washing litter boxes , so when I saw these I was elated . They are thick , sturdy and I was able to let the last one go for 3 weeks , and could have stretched it longer . With `` worlds best cat litter '' these boxes really do work . I doubled one , but there were no leaks anyway . . Great idea . Great product .
 I actually used these for my 4-H and Show rabbits and rats and they are excellent . Do n't have to worry about ingested plastic , easy to clean up , and very low odor .
 I love the Kitty 's Wonderbox , Jumbo . I used it as a liner to begin with , but quickly learned that it can handle the job on its own . I 've had cats for years and my current house buddies are two male cats ages 16 and 17 so this is not my first go around with kitty ownership . Trust me when I say I have tried everything and will never use a regular litter box as long as I can find Kitty 's Wonderboxes . I am diligent about attending to my kitty waste and swear by the products I use to ensure my house does not smell of kitty urine . I use the combination of the Kitty 's Wonderbox -LRB- on its own - not as a liner -RRB- , Tidy Cats Premium Scoop for Multiple Cats Litter for Small Spaces and for waste disposal I use the Petmate LitterLocker Plus . I 'm a very responsible pet owner and scoop my kitty 's litter twice daily , morning and night and more as needed . It 's rather easy with the products I mentioned . I am on my sixth week for my current Kitty 's Wonderbox and it is going strong . I 've learned to keep it full of litter and it will last much longer . The trick to longevity and to get your money 's worth is to clean your litter often . When it comes time to replace it , I simply throw it out and grab a new one . I love the fact it 's environmentaly friendly too . I am considering the Subscribe and Save option and getting the Wonderbox delivered on a regular basis for a cheaper price . I 'm just trying to determine how much life I can get out of my Kitty 's Wonderbox to determine how often I need it delivered .
 We have six cats and I have used these litter liners for quite a few years . They work very well inside litter boxes and help keep the mess to a minimum !
 This is a great product . Depending on your cat , this could last from 1 week to one month . The `` throw out decision '' is based upon odor . We had a diabetic cat -LRB- urinates all the time -RRB- and we 'd throw that out in a week.The other ones would last about a month .
 Great product . Lasts about two months for two cats . No odor and the cats love the box . They pee inside and no spill overs like other boxes I 've used with liners . You do not need liners . How great . Just throw box away and put a new one in 45-60 days .
 I use one box a month . They could last much longer though . I 've used one for at least 3 months in the past -RRB- . I think they could last forever except of course , eventually the litter gets so bad it 's much easier to just toss the whole thing . It 's nice to not have to ever clean a litter box or use liners ever again .
 With eleven kitties , these wonderboxes help me a lot with cleaning up . If they are not too soiled , I can refresh the box and litter ; if they are beyond renewing I can toss with no washing of litter boxes . Glory Be ! Keep them available .
 Love Kitty 's WonderBox , but you only get 1 box in this order . At other sites , you can get 2 for about $ 16 at PetCo or $ 10 at BigAls .
 I have 2 cats and use these liners for their one box . It allows me to clean and scoop out feces and damp litter while absorbing some of the liquid . The outer litter box remains clean and catches the litter the cats throw out when `` digging to china '' with exuberance . I only have to change the liner about once per month even with 2 cats using it . It is a breeze - just carry entire outer box to trash and dump liner and litter . Then reline and add a couple of inches of litter . I am elderly and really not up to scrubbing the litter box and they get totally disgusting if you do n't scrub them out - these liners save me from that chore . When we go away for a few days , we set out extra liners with litter in them so they will have clean pans for use while we are not home to clean up after them . They are clearly worth the money to me for the labor they save and the extra cleanleness they provode .
 The wonderbox is phenomenal . I have two cats and I use it with feline pine and the house NEVER smells like cat urine . People even comment when they come over that it does n't smell like I have cats -LRB- and I live in a small two-bedroom apartment -RRB- . I highly recommend the wonderbox . It has literally changed my life , my house smells so much better , and they are so easy . I put them in the larger plastic litter box -LRB- to keep litter off the floor -RRB- , only need to scoop poop , and then every week or so I just dump the box and put in a new one . Honestly , you could probably empty the litter and use it the box twice -LRB- I 've done that in a pinch -RRB- and it works great , and no urine smell . Love it !!!!
 These litter boxes are -LRB- almost -RRB- perfect for car travel . They are sturdy enough to be used without a plastic litter box around it , and when you leave a hotel room after a few days , you leave it and the mess behind . Nothing to clean . My car is large enough so I even left it out during the trip , and the car did n't smell.My cat seems to love the texture , which leads to why this product only has 4 stars - it 's just a little too small for large cats . He had so much fun playing with the litter , he kept kicking it outside the box . If these boxes were larger , I 'd use them instead of the plastic boxes any day , and I 'd give the product 5 stars . There is a jumbo size , but you only get one for a dollar more than you get three of these . That puts it out of the disposable range for me .
 I adore this product ! I am involved with cat rescue and have several cats of my own . I often have the need to get a litterbox set up ASAP and when I saw a 3-pack of these in my local supermarket , I thought they 'd be handy to have . Frankly , I honestly did n't think they would hold up for more than a day or two , but for my purposes , that was OK . I was amazed and pleased when I found just how long these boxes do last!Sterilizing litter boxes is time-consuming ; while I simply have too many cats to use these exclusively -LRB- it would be too costly -RRB- , I splurge and replace a couple of my litter boxes with these and when they 're used-up -LRB- and they do last ! -RRB- they go in the trash ! If you have only one or two cats , these would be ideal and very reasonable in terms of cost ; I would use these exclusively!Try them ; you 'll be pleasantly surprised to find a product that does what it claims to do !
 When my kitten was spayed , the vet strongly recommended newspaper as litter until the stitches were out to prevent dust getting into and infecting the wound . I did n't have any , so the vet agreed that shredded paper would work fine . Combined with these liners the odor control was unbelievably good ! The liner combined with shredded paper totally absorbs the liquid and controls the odor , and even dehydrates the solids quickly to control those odors too!I recommend using crosscut shredded paper instead of long shreds , because it is easier to remove the soiled bits . I scoop out the solids daily , replace the entire shredded paper content weekly , and with three cats , replace the liner itself only every 2 to 4 weeks . No heavy lifting involved and all is biodegradable . If I can keep up with the shredding , I may never buy litter again , only these liners made from recycled paper !
 We LOVE our Jumbo WonderBox ! We use World 's Best Cat Litter with it and these products together are like a dream come true for cat owners . The WBCL is corn-based , clumps great , flushable , lighter and less dust than clay litter . With the Wonderbox underneath to absorb any smells and keep the air flowing , we rarely have to change out the litter . The Wonderboxes stay good for up to 6 months and we do complete litter changes once every 2 months -LRB- this with 3 cats -RRB- . The Wonderbox and WBCL may seem expensive at first , but are so much more effective and longlasting than regular clay litter in plastic litter boxes that it 's worth the initial expense to enjoy week after week of low-maintenance non-smelly litter areas .
 This is a fantastic product ! Our elderly cat -LRB- now 21 -RRB- has used these litter boxes for years . Older cats produce a lot of urine , and we were having to replace the disposable plastic litter box liner practically every day to keep the odor down . Using the Kitty 's WonderBox means no more expensive plastic liners , NO ODOR , and we can scoop or dump out the litter and still use the same box for a week or more . It 's amazing . These boxes also work great for cats who shred the disposable liners by kicking or trying to bury things , etc. . The boxes are virtually indestructable . I 'd recommend them for any cat .
 I initially purchased this set of three disposable cat litter trays as we were moving across the country and we were taking our two cats with us and felt disposable boxes would be so much easier than dealing with a plastic pan/liner . The first two nights I used a box a night and threw them away the next morning . On the third day of our trip , we had car trouble and our 3 day drive turned into nearly 6 days ... so the third disposable box ended up being used for several days/nights - in fact , when we reached our destination , we used it for 4 more nights -LRB- dumped out the litter and refilled it -RRB- . . and honestly , the odor control -LRB- we used the same cat litter we always do -RRB- has been superior . I placed the last disposable box inside a larger plastic cat litter tray just for support and just in case kitty pee soaked through the box -LRB- which it has not ... and our cats are beefy kitties - 18lbs for the RagDoll and 25lb for the Angora -RRB- ... it has lasted SO well that I am considering buying more of these to use for every day use . . I can see they can easily withstand at least one litter dump -LRB- we did not use liners -RRB- and refill -- and believe we could use one a week and still be very pleased with the performance . Seems like a mundane boring product to write a review about , but we are quite delighted . We 've moved from a large home to a very small townhouse and odor control is paramount . Instead of having to dump/use large amounts of baking soda under the litter , and changing the litter constantly , this product requires none of that -LRB- other than of course , scooping and changing the litter as one usually would -RRB- .
 I was looking for a low profile litter box to start some orphaned kittens off on , and the cut out at the front of this box made it perfect for the little ones to easily climb in.I personally would not want to spend the money to use these disposable boxes on a regular basis , I have no issue with occasionally scrubbing out the plastic ones , but for a person who is lazy or rich , they would be great for regular use .
 I have two cats , one of each gender . Both are five years old , and they have their claws and love to scratch in the litter box . Plastic and absorbent liners rarely last a day in our house . The Wonderboxes have lasted a month and are still strong . I 've used these with clumping litter -LRB- Swheat Scoop -RRB- as well as silica gel litter -LRB- Litter Pearls -RRB- , and both work just fine . The clumping litter has a tendency to stick to the side of the pan keeping the moisture in the liner for a long time . This causes the box to degrade faster . The silica gel litter lets the urine absorb into the liner immediately and sometimes pool ; but then it desiccates quickly , and the box stays strong.I 've had no problem with the product leaking , but this Wonderbox is smaller than the plastic litter box I use it in . Sometimes my cats overshoot the edge , and urine ends up in the platic box . If allowed to sit , this could cause the box to deteriorate quickly and be mistaken for leaks . Although Amazon -LRB- via Petco -RRB- carries only the mid-size box , there is a large version available elsewhere on the web . The size listed is the widest part of the box ; it tapers by several inches at the bottom.This product is worth my money . It helps the litter do its job , and it makes a full litter switch simple .
 I adopted a cat in 2008 and started with the ScoopFree litter box , but could n't stand the stink and stepping on hard stray litter pieces it used . Cartridges were expensive and only lasted two weeks tops . I switched to the Litter Robot but the Robot allows smells to escape and fill the air . Also , litter rotates around the globe , so my big cat was always getting dusted on the top of his head and body with whatever used litter was clinging there . Clumps would often get stuck in there -LRB- I tried all kinds of litter -RRB- . Ick . After washing the globe one too many times , I started looking for something else . I saw these boxes at Petco and bought one to try out . They 're fantastic ! I love how they 're biodegradable , breathable , and made from recycled paper . There 's really no more smell ! I use World 's Best litter and I 've learned that you have to put in a generous amount of World 's Best so stuff clumps before it can hit the bottom of the box . I have a large cat on both wet and dry food and my box can last easily 6 weeks before I toss it out . In the meantime , I add litter as needed . Besides daily scooping , I completely dump and recharge with new litter every two weeks . Then , when it 's time to get rid of the box , I just dump the whole thing out . Easy.I tried the jumbo size hoping it would cut down on litter scatter , but it did n't really work . Now I 've set the WonderBox inside a large cardboard box that 's open at top for easy scooping and cut out on one side for cat to enter . The sides of the box are 12 inches tall ; no more litter scatter . I just empty any litter that 's on the rug in front of the cardboard box into the WonderBox , and when the cat is really messy , just empty what 's scattered in the cardboard box into the WonderBox.I get my 3-pack boxes from Amazon now -- good price and convenient .
 First here , I want to thank those who previously entered reviews on this product - you convinced me to try this product & I am very glad you did!And , I want to comment HURRAY for this product - it solves so many issues with cat litter box maintenance . For one 4 year old cat , this product lasts for about a month , and then some - I only changed it because it seemed my cat decided it was time to change it for she would talk to me about it until I realized the box needed changed - visually , it seemed to me that it had a couple weeks more use . Cat owners will know what I mean when I say my cat decided - cat 's rule , you know.This product stayed intact - no more torn plastic liner & throwing out a nearly fresh box of litter - so the savings are very much appreciated.Over all - THIS IS A PERFECT SOLUTION & if you 're wondering as I was , should I try that - dont ' wonder any more - try it - and you and your cat will be satisfied . .
 Love the &#34; Kitty 's WonderBox &#34; for how much healthier our house feels starting out with a new &#34; box &#34; every week . Safe for the environment too !
 I have used these years to line the inside of regular , high-walled litter boxes . They 're sturdy , and they do n't hold on to odors .
 These boxes are a must for my two cats for the reasons listed in other reviews . They also have an added benefit in my household as my female loves to curl up in the box and use it for a cat bed . So I leave her one out she can curl up in it and she 'll find the unopened package and lay inside those , too . Hey , whatever works ! These boxes are also great for making extra litter boxes when you are out of town - they do not need a plastic litter box underneath .
 I 've purchased these cat box liners for over a year now . These are the best solution that I 've been able to find , to make an unpleasant chore as quick and painless as possible . Fill the liner with your favorite litter . At the end of the week , simply lift it out and toss it into a trash bag and dispose . Rinse out your plastic litter box and give it a quick scrub with cheap children 's shampoo . Using this product , your hands -LRB- and nose ! -RRB- have the least possible time in contact with the cat 's wastes.I 've tried a variety of plastic and bag type liners , as well as a robotic rake for crystal litter . Very tough heavy duty &#34; egg carton &#34; type material . Holds up even when dealing with a great deal of urination from two cats . I can recommend these to any cat owner .
 This works for me in addition to my regular litter box . It does n't last a month , though - two weeks tops for odor
 These litterboxes are awesome for our ferrets ' cage . Instead of having to clean out a plastic box , I can scoop this one for about a week and then throw the whole thing away when it gets gross . They are actually pretty sturdy and it would take a LOT of urine to soak through them . The convenience is great and the size is much better than those silly little &#34; corner &#34; boxes . Anything to make the worst part of owning ferrets better ...
 I love that this disposable box makes cat cleanup something that the kids can do -LRB- since they wanted the cat in the first place -RRB- . The fact that it fits in a standard size trash bag means no additional expense of cat box liners . WE LOVE THIS ! Will be switching to order the Jumbo box since our cat is so huge though .
 I have a house-rabbit who is litter box trained , but I also keep a small wonderbox in his cage , too . He likes to get in the box to snuggle and when he gets bored , he rips and chews at the box , little by little . I like that it is made from 100 % recycled paper in case he decides to ingest some of it . It gives him something to do while we are away at work/school . We clean out the bits of paper every other day and by the end of a week , he has whittled the box down to just the bottom and maybe an inch on the side . He gets a brand new wonderbox every week . I 'm satisfied with the cost , the quality and knowing that I 'm giving him something to chew on , aside from the rest of his chew toys .
 Over the years I have raised numerous feline buddies . The worst part being the litter box situation . When I discovered the `` Kitty 's Wonderbox '' , that problem ended ... you still have to tend to it but when it gets really gross you just throw out the whole box . . and start fresh with a new one !!! Even my husband -LRB- not a fan of cats -RRB- does n't mind changing the litter box in a pinch if needed . I would recommend this product to any and all cat lovers . !!!
 I have been using these for many years for my four cats . It cuts down on the odor and you do n't have to bother with cleaning plastic boxes . My cats have n't had a problem getting used to them . If the litter gets too low , they will tip over if the cat stands on the edge , but that 's easily fixable with keeping them full enough . I hope they never stop making them .
 I am so glad that I found these on amazon they are amazing . I love the fact that they are eco friendly and I do not have to clean out a plastic litter pan .
 My wife and I have been using these a couple times a year , for a week at a time , over the past handful of years . When we drive back to Canada for holidays and vacations , we 'll bring a couple of these along with us . We keep one in the car during the drives -LRB- on the floor , behind the front seats -RRB- filled up with some litter , so that the kitties can use the litter box during the trip . And then we use the boxes when we 're at our parents ' places . Once we return back home , we dispose of the WonderBox.It 's awesome that they 're biodegradable and made from 100 % recycled materials . And their small size means that they can easily fit in the car . And they 're cheap , too . So , really , it 's tough to complain.But they 're not perfect . There are two main flaws . First , because these boxes are * so * small , any cat larger than a kitten will create a huge mess by kicking litter outside of the box . Second , because of the rough texture of the biodegradable paper construction , scooping is not ` smooth ' . It is common for the scoop to scrape along the bottom of the box and create little scraps of paper . Sometimes wet cat waste will stick to the bottom and sides.Still , these are small complaints . This is a top-notch product .
 This really helps the clumps dry out and makes them easy to remove . I use these like a liner in side a plastic pan because I keep the litter in an unconditioned space .
 I hated doing a thorough clean of the litter box before , but these make it easy ! Just scoop daily , toss every couple of weeks , and spray out the box -- Hardly any mess !
 This was a great , sanitary solution when living in a one bedroom apartment . It was cramped and hard to clean the cat 's regular litter box completely , so I would just throw one of these away and start fresh .
 My cat is obsessive about scratching at the sides of his box , and he shreds the liners . This keeps him from doing that -- it fits perfectly inside the plastic box . After a month of regular scooping like normal , I can close up the liner bag with the Wonderbox inside and throw the whole thing away . Subscribe & Save all the way with these !
 I sometimes go out of town for up to 5 days and I need more than the one box my big boys use since I 'm not here to clean it out every other day . These come in handy for those times . They are very thick , sturdy paper/cardboard that nothing soaks through . When I get home , I just throw it out . Excellent product and buying them in the 3 pack saves a little money .
 Both my cats came from the Humane Society . Unfortunately one of them had been declawed . She had a lot of trouble with regular cat litter but using Kitty 's Wonderbox with a paper liner has worked miracles for her . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 These disposable Kitty WonderBoxes make changing the litter boxes very easy !!! I simply put the disposable litter box inside of a standard litter box with a drawstring plastic litter box liner between them . When I have to change a litter box , I simply remove the whole bag with disposable litter box inside of it . My cats did not like using a standard litter box with a plastic liner . They would poke holes in it and litter and cat urine would leak into the standard litter box underneath . I will continue to purchase disposable litter boxes ... they are amazing and make life of `` cleaning up after the cat '' A LOT easier !
 We put this inside of a cat box liner and then into the litter box . It allows us to just pull the whole thing out , tie it up , and toss it when the litter is past its prime . Seems like something we 'll be able to use for a month and toss . It keeps the actual litter box like new.Highly recommended .
 These are exactly what the cat lover who hates to clean the litter box needs ! You still have to scoop , but they do n't stink and the cat ca n't scratch them up like the `` bag-like '' liners . They last at least 4 weeks . Just scoop every few days -LRB- or more depending on the number of cats -RRB- and when you believe it is time to change the liner , throw the whole thing away . They may seem a little pricy but they are sooooo worth it !
 I was skeptical about this `` disposable '' litter box at first . It is made of textured egg carton-type cardboard material . The reason I purchased it is because I have one corner in my bedroom that my cats kept marking . No matter what I tried to clean the carpet with , they must have been able to detect the scent because every cat I 've had -LRB- I rescue strays -RRB- has marked that same corner . I purchased the WonderBox and filled it regular , non-clumping clay litter and placed it in the problem corner . My cats have been using it for about 2 weeks now and it has not leaked through at all despite my using cheap non-clumping litter . It 's been two weeks of 7 cats using it and it is still holding up just fine . I will probably replace it after a month or so , just as a sanitary precaution , but overall , I am very impressed with the product . I bought a medium sized WonderBox from my local chain grocery store for $ 3.99 , so be careful of cost when ordering online .
 Very sturdy product , perfect size , height ... lasts a long time too ! then when you are ready , just throw it out ! its so convenient and they last a few weeks each , depending on # of cats . i have 4 cats and each disposible box lasts about 21/2 weeks before i need to change it . I guess you could spray a little flour pam inside to make scooping even easier and they would last even longer ! I really love these boxes , they make cleaning so much easier . . extremely convenient and very very sturdy as well . Cats used instantly !
 For anyone that can not stand cleaning their litter boxes , this is the perfect product for you . It 's great to use for a month and then toss it ! I empty it and refill it with new kitty litter after about 2 weeks and then toss it after a month . I have gone longer than a month and it was still great ! I have NEVER had this product leak ! NEVER ! I have been using these for a couple of years now . I wish the price was a little cheaper , but I have to use the jumbo ones because I have two big cats -LRB- one of them is 18 lbs -RRB- .
 these litter boxes are great . we first used the regular size driving across country with our cat . i thought we 'd use a new one every day , but we only used one for the entire trip . at home , we use recycled newspaper litter and have only replaced the wonderbox about once every 4-6 weeks . we now use the jumbo as a liner for a plastic storage bin we converted into a litter box . the wonderbox makes cleaning the plastic storage bin a breeze -- as the jumbo liner fits perfectly inside.i just wish these came in bulk to make them more economical . however , they are worth the price for odor control and ease of cleanup .
 I bought this in lieu of the corner litter pans people usually buy for rabbit -LRB- or ferret -RRB- cages . I like this much better because my bunny has fewer `` misses '' but the size is not overwhelming . Also , just as advertised I can toss this pan away when it 's at its limit and it keeps odors down better then the plastic liners .
 We have 3 Cats . The Wonderbox makes cleaning the Litter Boxes much easier . The bag type liners need replaced every day . Wonderbox can be used for a month or more .
 These have totally replaced our plastic litter boxes . With 3 indoor cats , there 's plenty of use . No more odor or having to wash , dry and refill plastic boxes . I 've put them on automatic delivery .
 I foster rescued kittens and cats and discovered the hard way that plastic litter boxes can not ever be completely sterilized . With these disposable boxes , I do n't even have to try to sterilize ... I just throw them away ! At first I questioned the cost but now I 'm hooked . No more scrubbing poopy boxes ! As long as there is litter in the box , urine does n't seem to soak into them so they so last a lot longer than you 'd think . Great product . I 'd recommend them especially for rescuers , shelters , boarding , traveling , and anyone with a sick cat . I do n't usually use things designed to be disposable , but these are made from recycled materials and will naturally decompose , so I think they might be better for the environment than plastic in the long run .
 We use pine pellets for litter . This product makes it easy to clean , refresh and ultimately replace the litter box . The material is sort of like thick , absorbent cardboard . It fits inside most regular , plastic litter boxes , if you choose to use it in that manner . We replace the WonderBox every two weeks . An extremely clean , cost-effective and sensible solution for you and your cat .
 I 'm one of those people who has allergies and asthma and should n't have cats , but I do , anyway . What can I say ? They 're both rescues and they grew up around my dogs , and now my dogs are gone to the Rainbow Bridge . Having one cat was not really an issue for the allergies and asthma , but having two is problematic . I wanted to try these wonderboxes to see if it would help by cutting down the cleaning time , and they do help . Instead of having to empty out the litterbox and stirring up litterdust , I can simply lift the cardboard box out of the large litterbox and place it in a large garbage bag . I still have to scrub and disinfect the plastic box but the time I spend doing that is greatly reduced . The wonderbox fits a little too snugly inside the plastic box and does n't reach the bottom , but the cardboard is very sturdy . I clean and disinfect the litterbox about twice a month , and both cats use the same box , and the cardboard has never soaked through or failed to hold.An added bonus - my older cat likes to sleep in the clean wonderboxes . We stack them in a pile and line the top one with an old T-shirt , and she loves it . All in all , a great product and well worth having to make life a little easier .
 I prefer using the wonder boxes for a litter box . I change it out about every month or so . They are well made and I have n't had any problemwith them . I use the jumbo size for my two kittens .
 We took our cat to a rental house on a Maine Island for 2 weeks and could n't take along his litter box.We used 2 of these 3 trays -- a week for each one and then disposed of them . They held up just fine and although I admit I have a small , light cat , he would balance with paws on the edges and the tray never tipped.Highly recommended for this kind of travel situation .
 Heard about the WonderBox from another catlover and decided to give them a try . Cleaning litterboxes in the wintertime is a pain . My 2 cats love the WonderBox and are no longer kicking litter out of the catbox area . The first box easily lasted a month with 2x daily scooping .
 I agree with the other reviews . Especially for this money , this box works very well.We have the Omega box at home and wanted something more compact and cheaper for our lake house and cab-over camper . This is easy to clean and stow .
 I like using one of these litter boxes for about a month . I put it inside a larger cardboard box to keep the litter contained . I find that I use less cat litter than with the usual plastic litter box .
 Love , love , love these ! Have been using them for almost 2 years now . Make changing the litter box a snap .
 I love these disposable kitty litters ! And my cats love them too !! Sturdy , no odor , a breeze to dispose of . And I do not have the guilt of putting more plastic in the landfills as they are biodegradable . If you keep scooping out the used kitty litter , you can use the box for a few weeks . Thanks for a great product ! I feel liberated from the very much detested duty of kitter litter cleaning !
 A good product for travel . Easy to transport and the cats do n't seem to mind using it . I like the simple `` clean up '' , when it 's time , just toss it in a bag and throw it away .
 Love this product ! I was totally bummed when Johnny Cat was not available anymore , and I was frantic to find an alternative - thank goodness I found these ! My cat is older and urniates like three cats would , and I need to change her box every three/four days with the Johnny Cat Throw aways , which are/were cheap . Still , my cat made a huge mess , would n't bury her poop , and the urine odor was frightfull on the fourth day.I bought the WonderBox and the Johnny Cat Crystal Litter and was able to keep pan/litter for 7-10 days ! Best yet , the crystals do n't hurt her feet , so she 's spending more time in there and burying her poop . I 've tried other less expensive crystal litter and they were larger and shaper which she did n't like -LRB- and you know how cats treat you when they do n't like something/change -RRB- . In the end , the more expensive Johnny Cat Crystals are the better choice and one $ 15 bag will give me three to four fills . Better than the cat paying me back by throwing her litter around and leaving nuggets on the floor.The WonderBox is fantastically absorbant so there 's really no need to have a `` liner '' or plastic box/container underneath . On the other hand , I usually change the box every 10 days . Perhaps you 'll need one if you let it go for weeks . Also , I feel better that the box is not plastic and is biodegrable.The WonderBox + Johnny Cat Crystal Litter = Happy Kitty / Happy Human
 I 've been using these litter pans for more than a year now and was happy to find them on Amazon since they 're not always readily available at the big box pet supply stores . They 're a little pricey , but well work it . I mainly like that I do n't have to thoroughly clean the plastic liners as often and I do n't have to put up with the liner snags from the litter scoop . These liners are easy to change , less messy , and hold up great . I change them once a month as directed and have never had any soak-through problem.My one complaint is that they 're a little narrow and slightly too long to make a good fit in my plastic trays with the clip-on side extenders -LRB- which are necessary to reduce the amount of liter my cat tracks and digs out .
 The box fits in our existing litter box , making cat box clean up much easier , and I like that it is biodegradable , unlike plastic alternatives on the market .
 I put my cats in of a night , these are a must have , only have to trash about once a month . and they have oder control ...
 I absolutely love this product . With 2 cats and LOTS of litter , it has been a real work saver for me . I have cleaned them out and used them for 2-3 months at a time without additional odor or problems . My cats no longer use a litter box without a liner in it . I can not say enough good things about them . The only problem I have had has been with availability - hence , using it for 2-3 months . They are always sold out when I get to the pet stores . That problem is easily solved with ordering them online .
 I recently moved from Cambridge , MA , to the Seattle area , Washington State . I drove here -- with two cats -LRB- they have heart problems , and ca n't fly -RRB- . It took eight days.I needed a serious litter solution.These made my life so much easier . I bought a single bag of Nature 's Miracle litter -LRB- great stuff , btw -RRB- and 9 WonderBoxes , then dispensed a bit of litter into one each night , tucking it into a kitchen-sized garbage bag in the morning before I left -LRB- and leaving a tip for the maid , of course ! -RRB- . The cats were happy to have fresh litter , I was happy not to have used litter in the car.I do n't know how well they 'd hold up for more extended use , though they are quite sturdy . My maine coons have claws , and did a pretty good job of shredding the edges of these even over the course of one night . They did n't come remotely close to compromising the structural integrity of the box , but if used for a longer period of time , they probably could .
 I will follow Kitty Wonderbox to the ends of the world !!! I will never fill my kitty litter boxes without one inside it . . I tell EVERYONE I know who has cats they MUST try them.a MUST BUY for any cat owner ...
 The Kitty 's wonder box helps prevent mishaps while not home or whenever the regular litter box is n't available . Best of all it 's disposable . Competitive pricing and good quality merchandise means I will definitely be a repeat buyer.Thanks .
 I made a mistake and ordered these thinking it would help odor control in my 2 litter boxes . But it was just the opposite . I only use crystal litter , and pee just soaks through to the bottom and ruins the pans almost immediately.I 'm not giving this product a low rating at all , I actually think with clumping litter , this will work wonders . Just do n't use it with crystals .
 I bought these in a store right before leaving town for a family emergency , so I knew they were a bit too small -LRB- the store only had medium -RRB- , but with two cats , one of whom will gladly urinate alongside the litter box to make sure I know his opinion about the cleanliness of it , I had to have more boxes in my house while I was gone . I normally scoop four times a day , but my cat sitter would be coming by only twice each day.The boxes held up beautifully . All three lasted the ten days I was gone . I bought a giant box of cheap litter , since I could n't afford that much of the Precious Cat -LRB- Precious Cat Ultra Premium Clumping Cat Litter , 40 pound bag -RRB- stuff that I usually use , so there were some odor issues , but that 's the fault of the litter , not the box.These were great back-up boxes , and I will gladly use them again -LRB- although I 'd rather order them from Amazon in order to have a choice of size - my cats are a little big for the medium -RRB- .
 I have been using this product for the last 4 years and will continue to use this for the rest of my kitties lives ! I actually place this inside aCatit Jumbo Hooded Cat Litter Pan - Warm Grayso that I can easily dump out the entire box without having to pour out all the litter from the box and scrub it down . I originally started using these disposable ones when I moved into an apartment where I had no access to an outdoor hose to be able to clean the litterbox .
 I have five big cats with claws , and five litterboxes , and the Wonderbox makes life easier and smell better , and saves me a ton of money on litter . The Wonderbox does n't look rock solid like it is , but you have to try it to believe it . And it 's well worth the price . I used to have to thoroughly clean the litterboxes every two weeks . Scooping once a day , now I only have to change the `` popular '' boxes once a month , and the less used boxes well beyond that.I put the Wonderbox inside the conventional plastic litterbox in lieu of a liner , and fill it with quality litter . It has never soaked through to the litterbox , so it has stayed dry , but if kitty pees in the very corners that wo n't be the case . You could put a conventional liner in your litterbox if you like , then set the Wonderbox on top of it and pour your litter into that . When it 's time to change , it 's convenient to just toss the biodegradable box out with the litter in it.None of my cats were put off by the box . Eventually they manage to fray the edges of the box with their claws , but they 've never been able to penetrate the sides or bottom . All of my litter boxes have covers , and the Wonderbox fits inside just fine . It also fits perfectly in my top loading -LRB- `` Clever Cat '' -RRB- litter boxes . It makes for a good temporary travel box , too . This is a good deal with Amazon 's super-saver shipping because stores have a hard time keeping them in stock , and you end up driving all over the place to find them . Highly recommended .
 I ca n't believe I never heard of this product until recently . It works fantastic . I put a liner in my catbox , place the wonderbox inside , and then the litter in the wonderbox . After a couple of weeks of use I take out the box and the liner and throw the entire thing away and the catbox is pristine . My biggest gripe about catboxes had been that no matter what they got dirty and nasty and were a pain to clean . By using a liner and then the wonderbox the catbox does n't get dirty ever . A liner alone just rips to shreds when the cat scratches the litter so that never worked for me . The wonderbox has changed my catbox experience . I 'll never go back .
 I really love this product ! I wanted to find something to keep the litter box odors down since I have 4 cats and they do not use hooded litter boxes . I decided to try this product and I 'm glad I did . I use a large regular plastic litter pan , put a regular bag liner on it , and place the wonderbox inside as a hard liner . It is much easier to scoop the clumps off the side -LRB- they do n't stick like they do to the plastic pan or liner by itself -RRB- . Also , I do not have to worry about ripping the plastic liner with the scooper . The litter box odors have decreased 99 % since using the Wonderbox and my cats do n't even notice it is there . The best part is when I want to totally clean the litter box , I just take the plastic liner and wonder box out and replace . No scrubbing the dirty pan !! The price may seem a bit steep , but it is worth it since each liner lasts a month . Try this product and you will be glad you did !
 This is the most sanitary and pleasant litter solution I have ever found . The paper box breathes to keep the litter dry and avoid odor , the high sides help keep the litter in the box and since it 's disposable it 's easy to change.I found plastic disposable boxes smell after a few days because the litter stays wet.These are also great for travel .
 this is the best cat litter product EVER ! i have 3 cats ; 2 indoors and 1 half in , half out . i have 2 litter boxes and use these in both . i cant even smell the `` left-overs '' when i 'm in the same room ! i recently threw one away becuase i had been using it for a month and thought it was time for it to go . when i pulled it out of the box , and threw away the litter , the box showed minimal use and had very little odor . i was shocked . i have been changing kitty litter for 20 years and have NEVER seen anything like this . i will never use another plactic liner again . BONUS , the cats like , too . they like not smelling their `` left-overs '' , too ! only draw back is the jumbo one is a smidge to jumbo to fit in the box AND close the lid , but other than that it 's a purr-fect product !
 Our cat is an indoor/outdoor cat so he still has his claws . This has always posed a problem for the litter box because he would tear the litter box liner to streads when covering up his potty mess . With a tattered box liner the scoop would always get caught on the tears and make it incredibly hard to clean the litter box . When I saw the Kitty Wonderbox I had to try it . I 'm so glad I did . Now kitty can use the box without getting his claws hung on the plastic liners and I can scoop out the box in no time . Plus the Wonderbox last a long time . We have used one box for over a month now , , , no bad smells so far ... but we do scoop it out am/pm daily . If i notice it getting soiled I 'll just pick it up and throw it in the garbage . Plus it 's made of recycled paper so I 'm not putting more plastics in our landfills . User/kitty friendly and worth the money ! Would recommend to anyone .
 If cleaned on a daily basis and set them outside to dry the litter a bit , these things last for a long time . We have been using this product for over a year and not one has ever really deteriorated . Good for at least 6 weeks . . We change our litter about once a week .
 For detailed reviews , see the many excellent reviews that cover most of the following issues in greater depth . Here 's the condensed version listing all of the reasons I use only these boxes :1 . The boxes virtually eliminate litter box odor as the cardboard breathes , whereas plastic does not .2 . The litter in the boxes lasts longer as the breathability of the cardboard box means the litter stays dryer and the litter clumps harder . This means less clean litter is disposed of when cleaning the box and the dryer , harder clumps also mean less odor in the box generally .3 . The boxes eliminate the need for a plastic box as long as you place the litter box on a water proof liner -LRB- I use a 1/2 inch thick rubber/plastic litter scratch pad as a precaution , but have NEVER had the outside of a box become damp or wet -RRB- .4 . The outside of the box stays dry even if you do n't clean the box for a weekend or a little longer . I have two cats and have left for the weekend and returned home to find the outside of the boxes are still dry and the litter is still doing a great job clumping , due to the ability of the box to `` breathe '' -RRB- ; 5 . The standard box size is perfect for cats ranging in size from 6 # to 15 # -LRB- may be good for larger cats , too , but I do n't have a larger cat -RRB- . It 's about the same size as a standard plastic box , although the sides are higher than most standard-size plastic boxes .6 . For those of you who like the covered litter boxes , these boxes fit inside the covered box . Personally , however , I think you lose some of the benefits of the box 's breathability if you put it in a plastic container .7 . The box 's round corner design is great if you have a cat that likes to pee in the corner as the rounded corner discourages this behavior -LRB- my boy likes to sit on the corner of a box , with his butt hanging in the box and pee - it 's his lil ' boy squat -RRB- - he does n't do it with these boxes , which means less clumping in corners of boxes .8 . You 'll never need to scrub clean a plastic litter box again , as these boxes are disposable and and you simply toss when it 's time for a new one -LRB- e.g. , box gets too wet in one area , causing litter to stick to inside of box OR box is no longer odor-free -RRB- .9 . The boxes are biodegradeable so you can toss in good conscience , knowing the box will break down in the landfill . This is n't something you can say about plastice boxes , even though you 'll use far fewer plastic boxes over the lifetime of your cat .10 . The boxes are excellent for travel and for use at a second home -LRB- e.g. , lake cabin -RRB- as you can just toss out litter when leaving cabin , set box aside , and refill it when you go back again . This works great because the box does n't hold litter -LRB- or semi-wet litter clumps -RRB- like a wet box does .11 . The box is made of durable , heavy-duty cardboard and is stronger than most plastic ones when it comes to picking up , moving , carrying the box , etc. 12 . My cats love the fact that these boxes smell better , stay fresh longer , and seem cleaner than their old plastic ones . I 'm serious ! We cat lovers know how cats love a fresh litter box and will play in it and around it when it 's full of their fresh , clean litter ! Yep , litter goes flying , but it 's nice to see cats enjoy such a simple thing !! 13 . The boxes are inexpensive - about $ 12 for 3 boxes .14 . You can get by without cleaning the box every day if you have one cat and maybe with two cats . But if you clean the box more regularly , it lasts longer . I have a two-cat household with two to three boxes -LRB- depending on season of year -RRB- and generally change boxes every 3-4 months.If you have questions , please post them as a comment , and I 'll do my best to respond . I was unsure about buying these , but now that I have , I wo n't use anything else ! I 'm a total convert !
 So far love this product - seems to be much better than trad . litter box . Will continue to purchase.Pros
 have allergies , so have to &#34; manage &#34; litter box process well . these are great -- I line the litter box , then put one of these inside -LRB- on top of liner -RRB- and fill with litter -- usually lasts a couple weeks and then replace the whole thing and it is easy and cleaner process for me . Also great for taking kitty with us for weekend when we visit family -- portable litter box and kitty is familiar with it .
 I have three cats . Constantly scrubbing cat boxes , especially in the dead of winter when you ca n't use a hose outside , is a giant pain . I had looked at other disposable cat boxes , but most were very flimsy and could only be used &#34; once &#34; . These boxes are extremely sturdy and can be emptied and used for quite awhile before discarding them . I usually replace them every week to 10 days . They would last much longer -LRB- probably a month -RRB- , but one of my cats is very fussy about a clean box and wo n't use it after it gets a bit grungy . However , being able to provide a perfectly clean box has made her a happy camper and has eliminated occasional accidents because her box was n't up to to snuff -LRB- or sniff -RRB- . If anyone is wondering how they hold up - I have a very large male cat who loves &#34; digging to China &#34; and trying to cover everything by digging on the sides of the box , too . He manages to chip a bit of the edges off , but he ca n't dig through these boxes at all . They hold up very well to him and my other two female cats.These would be ideal for apartment dwellers or others without access to a hose and the outdoor area required to scrub out a plastic cat box . Or people like me who just do n't have the necessary time or energy for the constant cleaning required by having a very picky cat or multiple cats .
 Helps keep the ammonia odors down in between changes . With occasional scooping it Usually controls the odors for 2 to 3 weeks with my two cats before I replace it .
 My grocery store used to carry Kitty 's Wonderbox , but discontinued it . I was happy to find them on Amazon . They are the best cat box liner I 've found - easy to clean , easy to change out , and they cut down drastically on the odor . The paper also stands up to the cat 's scratching , unlike plastic bag liners .
 These were easy to have during my travel and trip with my cat . I like the fact that they are very odor absorbant and I can simply throw them out when done .
 This product makes a few incredible claims . Here is what is true and false in our experience.Will not leak , tear or shred like other disposable trays - TRUE-ish . We have had one tear slightly -LRB- was n't a problem -RRB- . We have now used over 50 of them and it was slightly torn before we used it.Fill with your current litter , scoop , refill and reuse ; Lasts up to 4 weeks - Might be TRUE . If I was willing to empty and reuse the box we * might * get 2 weeks . 4 weeks is s stretch . *** Superior Odor control - TRUECleaner than a regular litter box - TRUEAir filtration system controls tough cat box odor ; Paper 's pH helps neutralize ammonia odor - AMAZINGLY TRUE There is much less odor.Eliminates the need for disinfectants - NOT REALLY TRUE -LRB- I mean , c'mon , these are cats . They are not always perfect at using the box -RRB- makes disposal and clean up easy . - VERY TRUE The boxes are easy to change out and we no longer have certain issues we had in the past - mainly pooling urine.Fits standard litter boxes - CLOSE TO TRUE -LRB- close enough -RRB- Perfect for multi-cat households - TRUE *** This was just our experience . However , we really do test these and here is why - we have a sick cat . We have two cats and one has a condition that causes her to pee all the time . Before we started using these we had to change the boxes -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- twice a week . The task was horrible . Urine pooled in the boxes , a punctured bag meant a trail of cat pee through the house on our tile , and the smell was horrid . In fact , because the closet the boxes were in had a ceiling vent to the outside , I could occasionally smell it outside if the breeze was right.NOw , we still change 2 times a week -LRB- 2 boxes -RRB- . However , we could go a week if need be . The smell is pretty much gone unless we have waited to long . There are no `` pee pools '' . We use them as liners , but have never had a `` breech '' . Little `` accidents '' next to the boxes have pretty much stopped . No trails of pee from holes in bags . Changing is a 5 minute job instead of a 15 -LRB- because there is outside mess to clean -RRB- . It has improved our quality of life . My only complaint and why I would dock it half a star if possible is cost . Right now we pay ~ 3 USD each box . Including litter and cleaning supplies , that ~ 15 USD a week . A little steep . That 's over 700 a year . But a pet is a commitment . One I will not take so lightly next time . If not for the sick cat , it would likely be only one box a week though - that 's closer to 250 a year and more acceptable .
 these boxes make litter box management so easy , clean , and convenient . Just pick up the whole WonderBox and drop in garbage . Could n't be better !
 This catbox was surprisingly well made and sturdy . This particular size was far too small for my Maine Coon and large Tabby , but might work for &#34; normal &#34; size kitties . I inverted it and used it as a step to help my elderly short-legged Tabby into the Jumbo size WonderBox . The Jumbo size held up very well under extremely heavy use , and even with a lot of urine soaking did not become soggy or flexible . With two cats , the box stayed cleaner than a normal box for two weeks . With one cat , it could be quite a while before it has to be discarded . As long as nothing hits the interior sides of the box , the box stays extremely clean , stretching its life indefinitely . A must-have when you have an ill cat who needs very sanitary conditions , or a separate box , or both .
 My cats will use them - that 's the most important thing . We buy the three-pack and alternate them , letting one &#34; air out &#34; while using another one . Then we just toss them as they get really icky . You would think that the moisture would soak through a paper product , but that 's never happened . And it does seem to absorb odor better than a plastic box .
 If you do not want to deal with cleaning out a cat box , this is a great way to go .
 Adopting an abused 2 year old Shih Tzu has been an interesting experience for our family over the past few months . We started Aggie out on Trader Joe 's kibble , believing this to be an acceptable , more natural product for both our dogs . Aggie could never digest the TJ 's product , so I began researching what doggie naturalists were feeding their dogs . And , it looked like the raw meat diet was the way to go and definitely no grains . This went great for about a month untill we got a bad batch of premade raw dog food -LRB- super expensive @ $ 60/week -RRB- and had terrible projectile poo and throwup for 3 days each ! So , I said , forget this . . not worth it . Next , my research brought me to Acana/Orijen Brand -LRB- s -RRB- . I still feel this is probably the highest quality kibble out there , but after 4 weeks of runny poo on this brand , I realized my little shih tzu just could n't handle such rich food . My other dog , a chow chow did fine on it but did n't really care for the flavor all that much . The quest for answers continued until I came accross information on Dick Van Patten 's web site for his dog food line
 I hate , hate , hate the way most canned dog food looks . I especially feel bad feeding it to my older rescue dogs . I also hate reading the ingredients and knowing what I 'm putting into my dear older dogs.But my current 9-year old rescue dog wouldnt eat anything except the grossest-looking canned food -LRB- no brand names will be mentioned -- you know what brand I mean , though -RRB- . It gave her stomach troubles , from both ends -- so , after 18 months of bearing with her bad breath and bad gas , I started looking on Amazon for an alternative.I had tried just about every canned dog food product and then came across this Duck and Potato . It sounded intriguing and the ingredients looked very promising . So I bought it , somewhat dubious that she 'd be willing to eat it , but desperate to find a better food that she 'd eat.But she loves it ! I 'm so happy . It looks so good . I dont have to feel bad about feeding her stuff that I dont even want to touch any more . And her stomach problems have ceased totally.I 've found my HOLY GRAIL of dog food . This is what I 'm going to feed all my dogs from now on . Thankyou , Thankyou , Thankyou !!!
 My senior -LRB- 14 + yrs . -RRB- MinPin has severe digestive issues . Natural Balance L.I.D. food has been the only thing she can tolerate so it has literally been a life-saver for her . She is a very picky eater but she loves the duck & potato formula and eats this food better than any others we have tried . I truly believe we would have lost her long ago without this food .
 This food is great . My dogs like the taste and smell of it . It 's premium food so they eat less of it so the price is right . It 's good for them , especially my overweight dog . He 's lost ounces in days and you know it 's hard to knock off the weight on a dog . It has no grain in it which I believe has been the fattening carbohydrate in his diet . I feed them this wet food with the Natural Balance Alpha line of dry foods with no grain in them . My dog will soon be the active eager dog he use to be . Thanks to LID -LRB- Limited Ingredient Diet -RRB- Natural Balance dog foods .
 My 14yo female hound dog has not been feeling well and has turned her back on her crunchy food . She loves Natural Balance Duck & Potato though - eats almost the whole can at each meal . I tried the fish & sweet potato variety , but she only ate not quite 3/4 of a can , so I am sticking with the duck & potato - it seems to be the easiest on her & if she loves it , that 's good enough for me !
 This dog food has been excellent for our English bulldog who has suffered from digestion issues for years . We have tried many flavors and all have been fine for him . The lamb flavor is a bit stinker than the others .
 Natural Balance Duck and Potato is the only limited ingredient food our beagles with food allergies will eat . They like canned and dry both .
 I actually saw Dick Van Patten eating this dog food himself on TV !!! I figured if he can eat it and enjoy it so will my four legged babies who I love DEARLY ! After all the pet food scares we 've had it is about time someone stepped it up showing it is safe for people & pets ! I got a case of this and it was devoured ... of course I 'm ordering another one !
 Some months ago we switched to grain free dry and grain free canned food for our royalstandard poodle . We mix the two together . The canned food is very good for the money . Our dog loves it and all bloat issues are gone .
 I was having trouble finding a food that my dog would eat , but she loves Natural Balance . I mix the dry food with the wet food and she gobbles it right up .
 My Shiba Inu is having allergy shots for a number of environmental allergens . The vet recommended putting him on a hypoallergenic -LRB- duck/potato -RRB- dry dog food ; a 17-pound bag of it costs more than $ 80 but that did n't impress my dog at all . He would walk over to his food bowl , sniff his food and then walk away . Even adding duck meat or duck jerky pieces did n't work since he would pick those out and then leave the rest of the dry food in his bowl.After reading the reviews of the Natural Balance duck/potato canned dog food , I decided it was worth a try . When the shipment arrived , my dog came over as soon as I opened a can and then stayed in the kitchen throughout while I prepared his dinner -LRB- I warm up 2 tablespoons and mix it into his dry dog food -RRB- . By the time I set it down , he dove for his bowl and gobbled every single morsel down . Since he 's acted like that whenever I 've tried anything new , I decided to give it a while before I wrote a review . About the only change has been that he waits outside the kitchen when I start prepping his food and as soon as I set his bowl down , he 's right there to start eating.The only thing I do n't like about this canned dog good is the added smoke flavor -LRB- same for their duck/potato biscuits -RRB- .
 My golden retriever and yorkie poo are avid fans of Natural Balance 's duck and potato . We started it about 3 years ago when we learned our golden had severe allergies and that 's what they 've been eating -LRB- and love -RRB- ever since ! When we first started to use it , the golden 's coat improved - shinier , healthier and he shed a little less than he had before . The best part -LRB- for me -RRB- is the variety of products that allow us to keep him irritation-free and healthy . They love the biscuits for treats - small for the yorkie poo and larger size for the golden . The rolls can be cut for soft training treats . I can cut them small for the yorkie poo and larger for the golden . The dry/bagged food comes in small bites and the regular size . Natural Balance has been part of our family for 3 years and will be for many , many more !
 My dogs love these natural balance cans ! I like to feed them duck as their protein , as it seems to be gentle on their stomachs , since one of them is sensitive . The price is good and the ingredients are great !! I tried another natural dog food can with duck and it gave all of them diarrhea , so we 're sticking to this one for always !
 We add a couple of spoonfuls of this wet food to our two chocolate labs ' dry food . Our oldest in particular goes NUTS for this food . He is also highly allergic to many things and this food is the only one we are able to feed him . The excellent price on Amazon and fast and easy shipping make purchasing this food a no brainer for us .
 My 6.5 pound dog has pancreatitis , and she would n't eat the prescription food that the vet recommended . She 's already too thin because of her condition , so I tried Natural Balance Limited Ingredient instead.My little dog LOVES it ! She eats half of a large can , twice a day . And no more digestive issues . I 've also been adding it to my other dog 's diet , mixing it with her kibble , and she loves it , as well.It would be great if Amazon would make this brand go to subscription ordering , so that I do n't have to worry about remembering to buy more !! -LRB- hint-hint !! -RRB-
 My dogs usually eat their food reluctantly . After trying a variety of different canned foods , I came across this . My dogs LOVE it ! My cats love it , too !
 Bought this cause it was on special from Amazon . My dogs love the food . The minute I put the food in the bowl it was over they ate it and loved it . You can not beat the price either .
 In the last couple of years , I have change brands a couple of times after extensive research . I ended up making homemade batches starting with my vet 's recommendation and then modifying the ingredients based on further reading . The health of my dogs improved -LRB- 11yr old and 7yr old -RRB- . They were looking and feeling better , evident in their energy level , skin , and their coats . Personal schedules were going to be very busy for a couple of weeks and I knew I was not going to be able to keep up with the homemade batches . I switched to Natural Balance Duck/Potato for a temporary solution and the results have been terrific . Of course they love the stuff but they are more alert , bright eyed , and playful than ever . Although it is more expensive , it is great to know you can get excellent quality out of a commercial dog food product . I will be reordering for sure .
 Great my dogs love it I mix it with the dry Natural Balance food and they love mixing the flavors .
 Dogs love it and it has improved their health by eliminating grains . We use the dry food too , Wo n't buy anything else .
 Have three dogs and one is allergy sensitive . I feed all 3 this food and they love it and NO allergy issues !
 All of the Natural Balance products are good . This one is healthy and both of my dogs -LRB- which are small dogs -RRB- love it .
 I 've been feeding my corgi the Duck & Potato formula -LRB- both the canned and dry food -RRB- for the past 2.5 yrs with great results . He has digestive issues - basically the vets said he has a food intolerance/allergy , likely a protein allergy . He needed a high-quality , grain-free dog food that contained a novel protein that he had not already been exposed to - no chicken , beef , venison , pork , buffalo , etc. . This food was a lifesaver ! He is a chow-hound so he happily eats this up . We tried various high-quality foods -LRB- some definitely more expensive - such as Orijen , Stella & Chewy frozen , etc. -RRB- before finding the Natural Balance line , and unfortunately all of those prior foods had ingredients that caused or did not alleviate his consistently soft stools , diarrhea , gas , discomfort and occasional vomiting . Although even with this Duck & Potato formula we have not had consistently solid stools , we still saw an obvious overall improvement right away with all of the digestive issues . What has also helped tremendously with his stomach issues is a probiotic and most significantly , a product called Stomach Soother made by Natural Plan -LRB- pure papaya puree -RRB- . I 'm so glad that Amazon carries the Duck & Potato formula for a great price , since this product is truly a lifesaver for folks with dogs that ca n't tolerate all of the other foods and protein sources out there .
 Of the different flavors I purchased for my dogs , they really liked the Duck and Potato the most . I will get this again .
 My pup is 12 years old and has had colitus from day 1 . Therefore she has been on this formula for a long time . However , to pick it up is difficult for me , since I have become weaker and older , it is great to have this item arrive at my home and stronger bodies are handling it . Also it is a bit less expensive than the vet .
 My dog has skin allergies . He is not allergic to this . This is obviously the most delicious dog food he has ever eaten !
 We have a royal standard poodle who eats only grant free dry and canned . He loves this food . Price is good .
 Ever since we started our dogs on this product , besides loving it , their coats look better . I 'll keep buying this product . Thanks . And Amazon 's price is the best I 've been able to find .
 I purchased Natural Balance duck and potato formula canned food . It is a great product with healthy ingredients but unfortunately my two Great Danes did not care for it . They get half a can along with their Fromm dry dog food twice a day and they took much longer to eat than with other high quality canned foods . Good product but my beasts are a bit too choosey .
 The item is in perfect condition and the transaction was perfect and clear ! I can keep working with sellers like this .
 I seen you reading the title so get your mind out the gutter Im just talking about the pads . Living in an apartment sometimes we are not home or we are too lazy to take my dog out she can just go on the pad . I was using the popular Iris neat n dry 100pk training pad but I wanted to give the Miracle a try since I like the description of it . The Miracle is much bigger and thicker in both the pad and plastic . It absorbs so much better and there is little to no urine smell at all . I like that it has the special scent in the pads so instead of her circling around the house or patio she just circles the pad then do her duty . The downside about the scent is that at first when we got the pads she would sometimes chew the fresh pads because she thinks its grass . After couple training she stop but she loves to just go smell it and sometimes I dont know if she is going to go lol . With the bigger size she is able to urinate twice on it . The Miracle is better in every way compared to the Iris neat n dry but the price/count . The Miracle is priced for around $ 30 and you only get 80 compared to Iris it is about $ 20 and you get 100 pads . I think would prefer quality and size but if im on a budget I would go for the Iris .
 I live with a relative who is incontinent . I put these pads between the sheets and the mattress pad
 Product works well . Trained my dog to litter box first . Then switched to these . They are much easier !!
 I have 3 Pomeranians . I have tried so many different brands of Training Pads . Natures Miracle Quick Results Training Pads are by far the superior brand . My puppies no longer miss . These pads are very durable too . From now on , I will only buy these Training Pads .
 I was very pleased with the Nature 's Miracle training pads . I use them for my ferret , and will be ordering more of them in the near future . Great pads !
 I just picked up my 7 week old shihtzu puppy 6 days ago . I started using these pads immediately . She has only had 3 accidents in 6 days . She goes to the pads 99.9 % of the time . The past few days she has used the pads 100 % of the time . I was skeptical about the pads - thought maybe it was a gimmick . However , after nearly 1 week of use , they appear to be just as advertised . Or maybe my pup is just incredibly smart . Either way , they work for us . I am sold . I know all dogs are different - some take to pad training and some do not . Happy mine has !
 Nature 's Miracle products were recommended to us for our 19 year old dog by a groomer . Now that he is gone and we have a rescue dog -LRB- who was/is not totally house broken at age 6yrs . -RRB- We still use them to prevent the occasional accident from ruining our floors . I forgot what we were paying at Petco but this is a significantly lower price .
 I am very pleased with the Nature 's Miracle Training Pads . I do n't know about the `` quick results '' part , but they have been very helpful . I have a tiny 12 week old Shipoo puppy and I 'm hoping the light bulb is going to `` click-on '' for the puppy soon . We 're in our third week and she will still go elsewhere if the pad is n't right under her . I have never tried a different brand of training pads .
 I ordered this product on Monday and received it on Wednesday of the same week ! The estimate said I would n't receive it until the next week , so I was extremely impressed . I have been using these pads since I got my Yorkie almost 2 years ago , I have yet to have a problem . Easy clean up because they never leak -LRB- unless she uses half on/half off ... but that is her fault , not the pads -RRB- .
 Package I received was in horrible shape , but the product was fine.The doggie pads are more absorbent than some I have used.My dogs have no problem using then .
 Before I bought Nature 's Miracle pads , my dog did not have the faintest idea what potty pads were for . Sometimes he would eat or nap on them , all the while relieving himself pretty much everywhere but the pads . I tried using fake urine and even some of his own urine -LRB- I blotted up an accident with a pad -RRB- , with no luck . I really think that the type of pad helped him figure it all out . I ca n't smell any difference myself , but I believe he does.I agree that the placement of the pad plays a big role , ie , he knows he can relieve himself in a particular spot , but I also think the smell is important . I ran out of these pads once , and put down some newspaper for him . He sniffed it very carefully , and decided it was n't the right place to go . Similarly , when I move , I always make sure to show him where the pad is , and he appears to recognize the scent.They are very absorbent and hold smells well -LRB- as in , you do n't smell them -RRB- . I love this product.I agree with the other reviewer who said to check prices carefully on Amazon . For some reason , the eighty pad bag is cheaper than the fifty .
 We have two 5.5 month old small breed puppies , and since January we 've tried several different brands of puppy pads in addition to newspapers . These are the best ones we 've used yet . They are very absorbant , thick , and that means far less messes , no beneath the pad wetness , and the puppies are far more accurate with these pads -- I guess they like them better too ! : -RRB-
 I ordered these from Amazon to use when I hurt my back and could not lug home 14 lb jugs of cat litter . They saved the day , my floors , and my three cats took right to them . I placed two of them in the bottom of the cat litter box and presto ! The cats used them immediately . Each pad more than contains a full male bladder of urine . I just roll them up and throw them in the trash can that I keep next to the litter box in the laundry room . They do not leak when I roll them up . They do not leak out the sides because of the special green liner around the pad . I could n't be happier . I am actually thinking of giving up on cat litter altogether and just using these . It would save my back and a lot of volume in the trash can .
 I had been purchasing these puppy pads at a local pet store here in Tallahassee . Last time I was running out of pads I looked on Amazon . The prices on Amazon are at least 50 % less than a nation-wide chain pet store . I ordered three 80 pad packages at one time and am highly pleased . I already knew these pads to be good ones as I have used them for years with my two Shih Tzus and one Yorkie . The pads do not leak and are a perfect size for my ten pound + / - dogs . If you use these pads I suggest ordering several packages of them at one time . You might save money -LRB- shipping -RRB- in the long run . I ordered three 80 pad packages at one time and the size of the box was manageable . I highly recommend these puppy pads for you and your dog . As an after-thought , I cut a oak log that is seven inches in diameter and sixteen inches tall . The log probably weighs about twelve pounds or so . I put this log -LRB- standing up -RRB- on one of the pads I keep on the floor . My male dogs -LRB- two of them -RRB- will pee on the log just like on the trees outside . The little girl dog is a perfect `` lady '' and would not consider using the floor without the pad in place . The log is just in her way and she mainly uses the other pad where the log is not placed . The `` boys '' are a little more less constrained , however . They consider a piece of pine straw on the floor -LRB- or anything else -RRB- as something that needs `` wetting '' . After I put the oak log on the center of the puppy pad they liked the idea of lifting their leg to do their business . Of course , this has nothing to do with the puppy pads but just an idea someone might want to use with this excellent puppy pad product .
 I bought these not for puppy training , but to help with a kitty problem . My poor kitty recently had a kidney infection and had begun to urinate outside of his litterbox . The vet told us this might happen again while he was on the medicine regimine until it started to work inside his body . Luckily for us his box is on concrete , I bought these pads and placed them in the spot he was using outside of the box to help aborb as much as possible of the urine and they worked great ! Used in combination with the Nature 's Miracle Urine cleaner there is no smell in these spots ! Now I use them as liners under the litterboxes they help to catch the litter trails and any little `` extras '' that might be stuck on kitty feet . Remember my kitty was sick , if your kitty has a `` pee '' problem please take them to the vet ! They are probaly sick , these pads did not solve our kitty problem , the vet did , but these pads were a great asset to get us through a tough time and beyond .
 I 've used this brand potty pad for almost 4 years now , and I believe it 's the best . When my dog was younger , she always wanted to chew on all the other brands I tried , but not these . Plus , with these she never has an accident . She goes to her potty pad faithfully . There 's something in this brand potty pad that makes the dog want to use it - something like a grass scent . Other brands were n't as abosorbent either.These pads are good at absorbing unless she urinates in the same spot over and over , so I would n't put them on carpet without something underneath . We have these on a ceramic floor and we change the pad once a day -LRB- keeping the stool picked up & flushed throughout the day -RRB- . After we remove the used pad , we wipe up the floor with a disinfectant wipe and then we put the new pad down.We love using the potty pads , because we can leave her home all day long and she never has an accident .
 Nature 's miracle is a good brand but if you are looking for just pads for your puppy to pee and poop on , go to Costco . Costco sells 100 pads that are the same size for $ 15 . These pads are in fact highly absorbent , however , do n't expect a miracle as soon as you put the pad down on the floor . You still have to train your puppy to actually go to the pad to pee and poop .
 For the price and product they are really worth using.Our dog loves them and uses them throughout the house.I would recommend this product to anyone.The price is right for the number of pads you get!Thanks Nature 's Miracle for making such a great product .
 These pads are very economical , and have been quite helpful in training my chihuahua that I adopted from our local shelter . The pads are very absorbent , and I have not detected any odor of urine . I use two pads at a time -LRB- just in case ! -RRB- , but have n't had a leak-through yet . I just remove the top pad , and put the new one under the 2nd pad , thus it 's not not encouraging an odor . it did n't happen overnight , but with lots of gentle coaxing and praise , he finally got the idea ! I recommend this product highly .
 The pads worked somewhat . sometimes they were ok but other times it would leak through the bottom and basically making me clean it up anyways . this is my 3rd brand i tried and for some reason my dog has tried to rip this up 3-4 times . twice i came in to see her with the stuffing of it all of the place and eating it . i plan to try another brand .
 No dog , but I do have a cat that likes to pee on the carpet . Fortunately , he has a particular place he is fond of , rather than being fixated on the carpet itself . The only thing that will discourage him from using that place is my placing a litter box on top of it . Ah , well , it 's in the upstairs hall , and other than that one peculiarity , he 's a nice cat.These pads make my life much easier . They are better-made than many , and the padding does not shift easily . They survive a day 's worth of kitty attempts to tear them to shreds , and they are quite absorbent . I see no reason why they should n't be excellent for puppy training as well .
 My newest adoptee has n't yet figured out that he is n't living in a warehouse any more , so I have placed these pads wherever he &#34; erred &#34; in using the litterbox for his pee . It helps contain the pungent odor of cat pee but is not perfect in this matter . Also , each pad has a type of &#34; stuffing &#34; under the top membrane and my cat sometimes claws it up and spreads it around a little . However , it beats cleaning up kitty misses on my carpets and floors .
 I have an insanely stubborn dog who refuses to use puppy pads all the time . Its like he knows what they are for , but decided against them . I 've used everything under the sun . Living in a 3 floor apartment outside training has never seem realistic . I had just finished a 150 count box of Wee-Wee pads and was under welmned with them . For the price difference between them and the 50 count I could get at Big Lots , I did n't see the reason . Found these , figured I 'd give the big name one more shot.Now I ca n't call them `` Miracle '' but my dog does use them more often . I smell no difference but he must . With the other pads we 've used , he would pee on them once and if I did n't change it , he 'd go else where . I 've seen him use these 3-4 times and they still do n't leak . He went from using his pad 3 times out of 10 to probably 7 or 8 times . I 'll take it.I 've never had a leak problem with these and I will continue to order them as long as they stay avabile on amazon .
 I love how the back is a green color . It makes it so easy to know which side to put down . It also seems like my puppy can see that she is in the middle of the pad too since it has a small green &#34; frame &#34; around the edges !
 If you want a puppy pad that absorbs mess as well as odor , this is the one you want . I have tried a number of other brands , and the only one that comes close is the AKC-endorsed brand . These were a great price and the shipping was SUPER quick !
 I purchase and use these often and have been satisified with the results . However , I would recommend using with a tray .
 My dog is 16 and 1/2 years old so pee pads are a much needed item . Natures Miracle is the best brand . If you do n't mind spending a few more $ the extra adsorbing -LRB- all white -RRB- pads work even better than these .
 Recieved these treats for my cats from a friend . My cats loved them ! A few of my cats have food allergies , and I am very happy with these snacks as they are simply dried herring without any further additives . I `` m off to get more !
 My cat loves these herring steaks . They are one of his favorite treats , and some of the only treats he can eat . He has digestive problems and ca n't eat grains . These treats are nothing but dried fish , and so are perfect for him .
 MY CATS ARE CRAZY ABOUT THIS FOOD . THEY DUG INTO IT RIGHT AWAY WHEN I FIRST GAVE IT TO THEM . THANKS . . toNATURAL BALANCE . . A GOOD SAFE FORMULA AND NO BY PRODUCTS . I FIND THIS TO BE THE BEST PRICED TOP QUALITY CANNED CATFOOD . SO MANY OTHERS WITH NO BY PRODUCTS ARE FAR MORE EXPENSIVE .
 This stuff blocks odors , clumps the best and has NO DUST . I tried other similar &#34; leading brand &#34; litters and they did not block odor or clump as well and kicked up dust when filling or cleaning the box .
 I like this litter so much that I began ordering it from Amazon when I could not find it stocked locally . It 's not nearly as fluffy and lightweight as some other natural litters , and I think that extra heft helps with litter tracking . My extremely fastidious OCD cat will still kick this out of the box and track it a little , but not as much as other brands we 've tried . The smell is pleasant and cedar-ish , and there 's minimal dust . Controls odor and clumps very well .
 I like this litter alot - so do my cats . Nice fresh smell - not overpowering . Wish it did n't track as much .
 I will only use flush-able litter . This is better than sweet scoop . Only down side is it seems to track everywhere . But that 's litter . Have not found a better one . I live on the 3rd floor and carrying out heavy litter trash is not an option . One bag lasts quite a while if scooped frequently and sprayed with a litter deodorant .
 Over the last ten years I 've tried just about every cat litter on the market and I keep coming back to this stuff . And never had any problem with several different cats . The only thing better is adding a ten pound bag of the Nature 's Miracle No Tracking little . Something about the combination is just amazing .
 We have two very large cats that love drinking water and use the litter box very often . Throughout the past decade we 've tried dozens of different kinds of cat litter , from non clumping to clumping clay , to wheat litter , etc. . This cat litter is by far the best and our cats immediately started using it without objection . It has very good clumping ability , I 'd give it an 8/10 -LRB- The clumps will break if you accidentally stab the scooper in the middle of a clump and I do n't think it would be a good choice for people with automatic litter boxes . -RRB- The great thing about the clumps is that they do not stick to the sides or the bottom of the box , hooray ! And unlike the wheat cat litter , the clumps do n't get `` doughy '' and stick to the scooper . Also , the litter is very light , which makes carrying the bags and even scooping the litter very easy . The pine smell , like another reviewer noted , smells like pinsol , which I found I actually like . And there is absolutely no ammonia urine smell . I scoop the litter once a day and throw the clumps and poops into a regular step trashcan next to the boxes and the trash can gets empties out once a week . The cat 's room does not smell like cat waste , it just smells like pine . As for the number twos , as long as the kitties cover the poops , there is no poop smell . Additionally , there is almost no dust with this litter , but the litter pieces are small and they do tend to track . We use mats in front of the boxes which resolves the issue . The litter is pricey , but it seems to almost eliminated any reason to empty out the boxes and scrape them clean . And each 18lb bag lasts for several months so we are actually saving money in the long run .
 I had looked at many non-clay litters from pellets to sawdust stuff and was not impressed . I like Nature 's Miracle because it similar to the clay scoopable I was using . Following instructions , I started by mixing natures miracle in with my normal scoopable , and used more and more until the scoopable was gone and it was totally nature 's miracle . My cat had no problem switching . The urine spots are a little damper than the clay , but it still clumps . Overall the smell is much better , no dust , and knowing my cat is not breathing in the clay is wonderful to me . Well worth it !
 After 18 years , I think I 've finally found a system that control my cat 's litter box odor . I use either this product andArm & Hammer Super Scoop Clumping Litter , Unscented , 14-Poundabout 1:1 , or the arm and hammer essentials litter and super scoop . Both work great for odor control , and the super scoop helps with clumping and tones down the `` corn '' smell.Visiting family have actually asked if I still have my cat , which I find encouraging . I also notice no smell on entering the apartment , and that 's my litmus test .
 I 've used unscented Arm & Hammer clumping litter for years because I hate perfume . It was dusty and created a sticky mess in the litter box if I did n't clean it at least once a day ; I hated scooping , as the box always smelled bad and the dust bothered my asthma . But I thought that was as good as it was going to get.Then I tried A&H ; Essentials because I heard that clay litter was an environmental no-no . The new litter filled my 1,000 squ . ft. apartment with a mixture of fake-pine perfume and cat box stink . Clumps broke easily and made a sticky mess ; then the moist litter stuck to the cats ' paws and thence my carpet and -LRB- yech ! -RRB- even my bed . I switched back to clay litter , but while writing a review on Amazon I saw a post recommending Nature 's Miracle . I decided things could n't get much worse , so I picked some up locally.The neutral -LRB- because I ca n't think of anything bad -RRB- : * Nature 's Miracle tracks only a little less than clumping clay litters . It 's more visible because it 's brown , not grey , but it does n't get beyond a few feet from the box . But if you do n't want any cat litter tracking you do n't want cats . * I have n't researched whether this litter is on balance an environmentally sound product , but if nothing else it takes far less energy to transport it.The good : * No dust . At all . None . * Lightweight -LRB- and lightweight bag of scooped waste -RRB- . * Mild pleasant smell . The pleasant pine odor seems natural , is never overpowering , and does n't leave the spare bedroom . * Little unpleasant smell . The reduced smell means I 'm more likely to clean the box daily and hate it less if it goes longer . Even the garbage room smells better . * Much , much less scatter than clay . I 'm not sure why , but the cats hardly kick any out of the box when they 're using it . Maybe they hate it less too ? * Easy transition . It 's been about a month since I started replacing the clay litter with Nature 's Miracle and it 's been progressively easier to scoop and less smelly.The bottom line ? I 'm just mad that it took me so long to find this product . By making litter box maintenance so easy and less unpleasant , it has removed one of the few awful things about owning cats . Now if I could just manage their hairballs ...
 i did a little research and decided to give this litter a try ... my 14 year old cat is very sensitive to dust and sneezes all the time ... i figured i 'd buy a small bag and give it a try ... 2 months later i 'm ordering the bigger bag ... this litter is fantastic ... does n't smell , clumps up nicely , the cat loves it , the boyfriend loves it ... i 'd rather pay the extra money to have it shipped to me rather than settle for something of lesser quality !
 This litter is super awesome for cats . It tracks very minimal , it clumps nicely and most important it does n't ruin my wood floors like other litters -LRB- clay based -RRB- have before . It covers the urine smell pretty well , but poo smell does linger a bit until you clean the box . I 'd definitely say try it . The cats seem to love it ... I have 4 .
 I 've been doing a lot of experimenting with litter for a while , since Feline Pine changed -LRB- and not in a good way , contrary to the `` New ! Improved ! '' on the box -RRB- . My most recent test has been Nature 's Miracle vs. Blue Buffalo walnut-based . I bought a bag of each at the same time , similar weight , quantity and price -RRB- . Both worked very well
 Like any other cat people , I like the litter boxes clean and odor free . I used different kinds such as regular clay , news paper type litter , world 's Best , and my favorite Breeze . However , my youngest cat suddenly stopped using the box , what a nightmare . So I went back to doing experiments on different litter to lure my cat to use the box again . I like Nature 's Miracle because it is almost powder free and yet very fine , it clumps too . I decided to combine it with the green tea leaves litter , I like the outcome . I like green tea leaves litter 's natural smell . The two compensate each other 's weaknesses . As for my problem cat , she now seldom use the floor for her pooping need . My two other cats really prefer Nature 's Miracle and Green tea leaf combination to poop , but they use Breeze when urinating .
 I used to use clay litter and my house was so dusty . I switched to Nature 's Miracle and it is , indeed , a miracle - no more dust . I would n't use anything else . It clumps fine and the cat 's do n't know the difference . But I sure do .
 No one has rated this amazing product so I thought I would -LRB- I loved it that much ! -RRB- . This stuff is great ! I originally bought this for my kitten -LRB- bought the smaller dosage -RRB- and all of a sudden my 4yr old cat started having diarrhea -LRB- and decided to go all over my floor over and over -RRB- ! So I had to think fast and although I was n't sure if the smaller dosage would do much , I thought I 'd try anyways and what would you know it worked ! It was gone in a flash ! If your cat/kitten/dog has diarrhea give them this ! I am so happy I will definitely get this again if I have any more problems in the future!By the way the chicken and rice diet works too . While I was waiting for the Diagel , I put my kitten on a fast for 24hrs then gave her a mix of plain white rice and bland chicken for 2 days , then slowly mixed in her normal food over time and within a week it was gone ! -LRB- This was after my vet gave me some crap that did n't work -RRB- There was obviously no need for Diagel after that diet had worked but it was nice having it around once my cat got diarrhea too ! There 's no way he could 've gone on a fast for 24hrs , he 's such a baby when he 's hungry!PS
 This is a life-saver right here!I do n't think I will ever be without this product in my house ... . I have an IBD cat who even though he is ok now -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- , he still has flares once in a blue moon.I also feed a raw diet and from time to time when I introduce new meats I have stomach upsets in the house &#8211; NOTHING works like Diagel.Yes , one might go to the vet and be prescribed Metronidazole &#8230; . I pull a Diagel from my cabinet and after that first dosage the issue is gone . Worst case scenario it takes a second dose 12 hours later.I don &#8217; t think I will ever go back to metronidazole again &#8211; in fact , I know &#8211; I won &#8217; t.Will Diagel cure IBD ? No . What did for my cat was a raw diet &#8211; but if he has a flare , with the help of Diagel , it is gone immediately . I rely heavily on pet sitters and Diagel is right on the corner to be used if any trouble arises.The syringe is long and it looks like it is a lot to give , but it is actually not too much . The consistency is of a gel , and even though they don &#8217; t like the taste , the syringe is well designed with a thin tip that is easy to administer . What I do is I aim the syringe tip on the roof of their mouths and release it quickly . They lick it off without an issue.If you have a kitty with tummy issues , I highly recommend this product &#8211; it is not cheap , but worth its weight in gold !
 I have used this product often at my vet clinic and think it works well . It is especially effective for `` stress '' diarrhea .
 When we realized that we did n't have the money to keep going to the vet for enemas on our cat with megacolon ... we decided to do the enemas at home.Then began the journey of finding out how to do them and what to use . Looking online we became a little bit wary of what to use , as we were soon finding out that cats systems are not like human systems , and things that we might have thought to use , might prove fatal.To make a long story short , we found out about Pet-Ema through some posts.Later on , we found out that most vets will use this same product , or even sell it to you . But the cost was much higher than one could find them here on Amazon.Thank goodness for Amazon and for Pet Emas being sold here.I ca n't imagine the suffering that both our dear one and we would have gone through , without an affordable solution.The first enema was a breeze , we squirted it in ... and ten seconds later our dear one jumped in the litter box , and the poop that was at the entrance to the anus popped out.She was able to then walk around the house ... and over the next two days nice long poops came out.I thought '' I CAN DO THIS ! `` Unfortunately ... subsequent enemas were not that easy or non messy ... but overall , this stuff works.It make the whole process easier too , as the enema solution is premixed in the syringe . Basically , it is all you need.K-Y Jelly , or coconut oil or some lubricant for the tip is optional , and rubber gloves are optional , but I recommend them.Once or twice , i also had to put some mineral oil in there first , and let it stay a day or so to soften some really dry impacted stuff.Then i would use the pet ema to rid the bowel of it 's contents.You can rest easy , in that many vets use it.I highly recommend it . . and especially from the seller that i purchased from , who had it at the lowest possible price . . and shipped it immediatly , and were accessible in email.My prayers are with you and your beloved pets .
 This enema was helpful for my cat when she became constipated . It was effective , did the job and safe , if not overused . Good product when you need it !! My precious cat tolerated it quite well .
 It 's so great to have a supplier of pet-emas available online . My elderly cat is very prone to constipation due to his mega colon condition . Most vets charge an arm and a leg for medication and care and I have been forced to take these tasks on my own to be able to afford keeping Sparky healthy and happy.This is one of the best deals around for the Pet-Emas . I 'm very grateful for this seller and they were quick to ship and cheap on shipping costs.I will order from them again in the future . Thank you !
 This is a good product . It does take some time for the product to work . I would say anywhere from 15-30 minutes to get results . I would first suggest you give your pet some mineral oil for about 2 or 3 days BEFORE you give them this product . This will help to soften up the blockage . Our veterinarian recommended the mineral oil . After you give the enema to your pet , I always follow up with two doses of mineral oil to help &#34; clean out &#34; any remaining stuff . I do have to warn you that your pet 's bottom will smell very bad for several days afterwards and will be very messy . You will want to put some old towels at the places your pet likes to lay at so they wo n't get the mess all over your house . After about 3 or 4 days the &#34; mess &#34; from your pets bottom should be finished running it 's course of expelling everything out so you will want to wash your pets bottom very well . Overall though , this is a very good product .
 I do n't rinse my dog 's eyes with this but use it to gently clean off discharge around the eye using a pad soaked with Opticlear . It 's just like the formula for human `` tear '' products but much cheaper . This eyewash `` for cats '' is identical to Tomlyn 's Opticlear that shows both a dogand a cat on the label and I imagine would work for any animal .
 I have a large 100Plus lbs GSD and only feed him the best . I.e. Orijen , TOTW , etc. . Happy Hips is hands down the best TREAT for a large breed dog prone to LBD hip / joint problems.BEST KEPT Hidden Deal is COSTCO - 3lb bag for only 14.99 !!! way lower than any online store or box store ... about ONE FOURTH price of Petco -LRB- they sell one lb for twenty bucks . . wtf ?? -RRB-
 My border collie has had hip dysplasia for a while , she will not accept pills or medication and refuses the doggie bones with glucosamine , but she loves the happy hips jerky strips with glucosamine . I found these at a doggy boutique 200 miles from here at twice the price as AmaZON.COM
 I usually DO NOT buy ANYTHING sourced from the PRC , either for myself or for Maggie , my Bull Terrier . -LRB- I came to this decision after numerous issues with poor quality , odd appearance and slightly `` off '' smells emanating from PRC-sourced products . Maggie also puked several times when I tried some generic Costco PRC-sourced chicken jerky treats . -RRB- However , as I have had great experiences with other non-PRC-sourced Dogswell Happy Hips treats for Maggie , I was willing to try their Chicken Jerky as well.Maggie LOVES these treats , and will do just about anything , for anyone , when she thinks it might end-up with a piece of this chicken jerky . She seems to view these as very high value treats , which has been very helpful in periodic training exercises ; and I feel very good about giving them to her due to the added glucosamine and chondroitin . -LRB- Bull Terriers can be susceptible to hip dysplasia and other joint problems . -RRB- In the usual Dogswell fashion , these treats are made from cage-free chicken raised without antibiotics , added growth hormones or added steroids.While it may change in the future , the current Amazon/Entirely Pets price of $ 20.00 for a 2lb bag is better than the Costco price for a similar amount of other Dogswell Happy Hips treats .
 My senior dog loves these ! This 32 oz . package makes a great treat or enticement to eat her dog food and is a great value .
 Sugar is getting older so I buy the Chicken Strips with Glucosamine . That 's her reward a short trip outside in the morning : -RRB- Supplier is great and pricing is fair - a little under the box store price . Since we buy it on Schedule and Ship , there is not shipping usually .
 I have Penny and Jake , they are 8 yrs old Shih Tzus and are very picky eaters . Jake is diabetic and he always looks forward to his Chicken Treat after he has his insulin injection ... he will hold still while Mommie `` shoots '' him . His sister Penny gets a treat also for being a good sister and watching out for him . They LOVE them . The service on ordering and receiving my order is excellent.Thank you for making safe , tasty and healthy treats for my babies.Brenda Pirtle
 Great product . My dogs absolutely love these treats and just flip out whenever I grab the bag and I do n't have to worry about them choking like with rawhide treats . It 's also great for their hips and joints .
 My dogs love happy hips ! I order happy hips from amazon all the time . They get to my house fast and my three dogs lovethat . It has helped their hips and they love how they taste .
 My mini schnauzer has very mild arthritis in her right , rear ` knee ' . She loves the Happy Hips Chicken strips and the Lamb/Rice snacks . The lamb rice is easier to break into pieces if you do n't want to give your dog the whole thing . She is not as crazy about the Liver or Beef . She must get one in the morning after her walk or she 's grouchy all day !!!
 I feel safe using a product made in the USA after the scare with the dog treats made in China . These are a natural alternative . My dogs love the chicken and the duck treats !
 I would buy this product again , it has the best price compare with others supplies . Yes , I would recommend this to a friend .
 I tried these on advice from a friend . I am a believer ! They have made my dog 's hips better . She moves more freely and seems to have less problems with stairs . Also , she loves them ! I recommend this product highly !
 If you want to become best friends with my dog , just give him a happy Hip !!! He absolutley loves them ... . He stands at the laundry room door and looks in the general direction of the bag to let us know he is ready for another one . And they are so good for him we do n't mind giving them to him .
 I 've never met a dog who has refused a happy hip treat . In fact , my dog loves them so much she will `` balk '' at any other treats if she sees the happy hips bag . If we 've been out for a little while , she gets so excited when she sees the new bag arrive from the UPS man - she practically does back flips so I think they are working too . She 's 12 and has been moving better since we have made sure to give her the 5-8 recommended treats per day.As an owner , I love that they smell good , they are basically just dehydrated chicken breast with added supplements so I feel we are giving her a really healthy treat that is actually helping her joints . Only complaint is the price but really one 32 ounce bag lasts us over a month and we can usually fine that size online for less than $ 25 so it works out to be about $ 5 per week and she 's worth it.Next , we are trying the calming treat line for her thunderstorm anxieties and different flavors in the happy hip line.Thanks , Dogswell ! '
 My 13 + year old American Eskimo had slowed down . All his life he 's been very active . This situation was sad for us and for him . A friend brought a treat for him which included some Happy Hips . The treats were gobbled quickly . Over the next week or two we began to notice a huge change in our Eskie 's behavior . He was more energetic . He seemed to want to go for those long walks again . We have bought Happy Hips twice now . I 'm getting ready to order again .
 My dog is getting older and the Glucosamine & Chondroitin in these treats have helped her with joint pain . She loves to go out for walks now is moves a lot easier , plus she loves the chicken too ...
 My dogs LOVE these treats !! I ca n't say enough good things about them . I feel my dogs are getting something good for them and also use the ` Happy Hips ' as training treats too by cutting them in pieces . Love the Duck , Sweet Potato & Banana wraps too !
 3 Years ago , a friend of mine recommended Happy Hips for my dog , Blue . Blue is now 11 years old , an 85-pound Lab mix , who is perfect all the time and whom I love dearly . He was having trouble during the winter getting up stairs and seemed to hesitate when he got up from a lying-down position . I have been giving him Happy Hips for 3 years now and they have helped him immensely ! He gets 3 a day as treats and they keep him moving with ease . Additionally , he feels like a very special Good Boy with each treat . He loves them !
 It was a rough year for my pooch with a torn ligament in his left leg . Trying to get the glucosime pills down him everyday was a struggle . Then I found a small bag of Happy Hips in a local store and I did n't have to ask bobolicious twice if he wanted one . It 's prescribed to adminster one piece for each 15lbs . Since then I have bought two large bags and the most recent purchase was delivered within a couple of days . Much to boblicious ' delight . He 's on the mend thanks to Happy Hips .
 Happy Hips is a great treat for your dogs ... all natural . While expensive if bought in a pet food specialty store , via Amazon.com the price becomes extremely reasonable .
 These are the favorite treats for my Chow Chow ! She definitely prefers them to her natural dried dog food . She weighs about 80 lbs and I give her three to six strips each day . She is a stubborn dog , but I can always get her to come with the chicken strips . I 'm also happy that they contain the recognized ingredients to help the joints of older dogs like mine -LRB- she is 11 -RRB- .
 These snacks are healthy and loved by my Yorkies ... if you buy the 7 oz . pkg . its $ 8 . . buying the 2 lb . size is a real bargain plus K Vet has the best shipping price . .
 Annabelle , our 8 year old Old English Sheepdog loves these treats . She has the beginning signs of `` sore hips '' and they seem to relieve the symptoms some . Most importantly , she wo n't start the day without one !
 My best friend , an aging Shetland Sheepdog named Jake , absolutely loves these treats ! We used to get them from a local pet store , but recently moved -- ca n't find them anywhere nearby . So of course , we turned to Amazon , where happily they are half the price -LRB- before shipping -RRB- we were used to paying.Jake had hip dysplasia surgery as a young adult dog , he walks with a noticable limp , that was slowly becoming worse . He shunned glucosamine supplements so they were of little help , but since we found these wonderful treats , his gait does n't seem to be degrading any further ... So I am very happy that we can still get them here ... Because I love my little dog to pieces , and anything that makes his life a little better or a little longer is a great thing -- that he enjoys eating them makes them a godsend !
 I have no clue how these taste , but my German Shepherd is crazy in love with them . ` Xena ' seems to be much improved in the hips area also . She had trouble with stairs and jumping in general , but is pretty much back to puppy-status after a few months of eating these.I have to take Xena 's word for it , these things work .
 We have tried some other dog treats enriched to help with hip problems and our dog absolutely loves these the most . With his other snacks we had to hide them in cheese because he was not interested in them ... but he really looks forward to these chicken snacks . The price is great too ... because we paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the initial 16 oz . bag -LRB- we ordered from an online pet site -RRB- and now we are going to order the 2 lbs . bag from Amazon for just three dollars more because we know our dog will appreciate them.When we started using these treats our dog 's hip was dislocated and since eating the snack each day his hip is getting noticably better and he seems to be happier ... less cranky which I think might be due to the inflamation in his hip going away . It 's a thin easy to eat strip that our dog loves .
 I bought this product so to try something different for my 12 yr old cocker spaniel and my other younger dogs . I was attracted by the fact that it has glucosamine , which helps for healthy joints . Recently my cocker has been looking as if she was in pain as if her joints were bothering her . This product has helped her greatly and shes up and running around like shes 5 yrs younger . They love these things and I have to restrict them to one and maybe two a day . They 're pricey but I bought them because of the glucosamine and hoped they would like them . I just purchased another bag , well worth the money ...
 They are from cage free chickens , but do n't let that free your conscience . Chickens are only kept in cages if they are egg laying . A free range lable might mean the chickens had a slightly better life .
 Our 13 lb Joelle loves these treats . We break them up into smaller pieces to last longer . Healthy treat !
 Dogswell Happy Hips Chicken Breast Dog Treats -LRB- 2-lb resealable bag -RRB- Our dog absolutely goes bonkers over these treats . They are chicken strips that sort of resemble bacon . Sometimes he tries to swallow them whole but then figures out he has to chew them . Big dogs are prone to hip problems so this seems a great way to get a little Glucosamine and Chondroitin in his system .
 Not so good for the little guys as they tend to choke , but we soak them in water to soften , then add the water to their regular feedings to get the benefits of the Glucosamine . No more choking , and they seem to help our little guy 's discomfort due to joint degeneration .
 My doggie loves them and they seem to do as they advertise .
 Though this is n't a must have item by any means , we do have a big Golden Retriever -LRB- we actually own two Goldens -RRB- that has always preferred drinking from a stream of running water -LRB- like a faucet or the water pouring from a bottle , etc. -RRB- and we do spoil our dogs sometimes ... So out of curiosity I ordered this thing . Well when it arrived , I disassembled it and washed everything and then re-assembled ... I figured this would be good practice and allowed me to evaluate the design and fit . Filled it with water and turned it on ... HUMMMMMM !!! ... LOUD !!! LOUD !!! LOUD !!! this thing hummed sooo loud it could be heard two rooms away and even faintly from another floor . It was Friday evening so I had the weekend to play around with the thing . Everything I tried did nothing to quiet the loud humming of the little aquarium pump motor . I figured this can NOT possibly be right ... they 've probably sold tens of thousands of these things by now and no way would they have been able to do that if they all sounded this loud . So first thing on Monday I called the seller , who immediately agreed with me that something was not right , it should be very quiet . I was given the phone number of the manufacturer 's customer service . After a nice conversation in which they also agreed something was not right with my unit , they sent me out a new motor/impeller at no charge . It took a week and a day to get to me . After I installed the new motor/impellor ... TADA !!! no more hum . This thing is very quiet ... now all I hear anymore is the gentle trickling of the water stream , hooray ! ... its actually a kinda relaxing sound . The moral of the story here is ... its not suppose to be loud and if you have a unit that is , just complain and ask for a new motor/impeller . Bottomline is this is a great product ... excellent design and fit . And this Big Dog fountain really is big and holds a lot of water ... enough for days without having to refill it . One trick to keeping it cleaner longer is we have a separate SS water bowl next to the food dishes at dinner time so they drink out of that bowl immediately following dinner , that way all the food/kibble junk falls into the stainless bowl which we pick up soon after dinner and dump out . This keeps the Big Dog fountain from fouling up and so we do n't need to wash it very often ... in fact , we only wash it once every couple of weeks.I had to rate it at only 4 stars because of the original motor 's noise ... and thus all totaled , it did take more than a week to get it working properly as it should have ... and that inconvenience alone has got to cost it a star rating .
 this is the item for you ! We love this thing ! We have a dog and a lot of kitties and now they drink more water and we do n't have to fill thier water bowl three times a day ! Easy to clean and the babies love it too . You can not go wrong purchasing this product for your brood !
 I like this fountain . More importantly , my two cats and two Lhasa Apso dogs love it . Like other reviewers have stated , my pets drink from the running stream in preference to the pool . I think that they drink more water from the fountain than from a bowl , which is good for their kidneys and overall health . Strangely , the cats drink more from this fountain , and the dogs from a smaller one . This fountain has a large capacity , so does n't need refilling often with our smaller pets -LRB- that do n't drool -RRB- . This fountain , as well as the other , require cleaning as often as any bowl would , which is about once a week for us . Cleaning it requires complete disassembly and special brushes -LRB- get the Drinkwell Cleaning Brushes -RRB- , and is therefore much more complicated and time-consuming than regular bowls . It is worth this extra effort to me , but would not be for others . Also , it can be used with or without a special filter , which should be replaced from time to time . I choose to use them.I have not owned this fountain long enough to have many issues with it . The pump is noisy if the unit is on a hard floor , and the flow goes over the filter so that it is only partly effective . If interested , there are a lot of comments available regarding Drinkwell fountains by googling them .
 Great item to for your dogs or if you have a lot of cats . I bought this due to my busy schedule . I first bought a petmate which leaked after 3 months and needed to be refilled every 2 days . I have 2 small shi tzu and I refill and clean this once a week . The water is always clean . I also put it on a timer do reduce on the electrical cost . It only runs 3 times a day for 2 hrs and it still looks fresh and clean .
 Our cat always wanted to drink from the bathroom sink while I was brushing my teeth , washing my hands , or what not . I can do that in peace , now that he has his own fountain . Great product ! My dog is a bit skidish around it but she is scared of everything .
 One of my dogs is SO picky about the water she drinks , that she normally refuses to drink anything except toilet water -LRB- bleh ! -RRB- or rain water . She likes it fresh and ice cold . So we gave in and bought this and it 's great for my other dog , too . I find it fairly easy to clean , easier than I thought it would be , with hot water and a little vinegar . The cleaning brushes are very useful , glad I got them . I was also surprised at how quiet it is . It 's still not as ice cold as my dog likes it , but I fill the reservoir with ice once in a while and dump them in the bowl as a treat .
 Great fountain and all my animals love it ! I had another type drinking fountain but it was too small and the daily refilling was getting on our nerves . We might as well just have had a basic water dish.This new jumbo system is excellent . We have to refill the tank every 3-4 days . It does n't get dirty fast and the brushes are great to get into all the smaller areas that might be difficult to get to by hand.The animals love to drink from it , especially the cats who drink from the flowing stream itself.Great purchase , would recommend to everyone .
 I have 2 cats and 3 dogs ranging from 12lbs to 125lbs . I was constantly filling water bowls . When I received this I set it up immediately . I love it !! I love that it is filtered . I put Ice in the container with the water so they have cold water . One of my cats I have always had a problem with because he only drinks from the faucet . He would jump up on the bathroom sink and meow until I came and turned the faucet on ... -LRB- He is very demanding -RRB- . Well , now he drinks from the spout on the Big Dog and does n't bug me near as much ... Thank you Drinkwell !!! meow meow , woof woof -LRB- my pets thank you -RRB- too : -RRB-
 I impressed with the ease of putting the Drinkwell together . I have two big dogs that also love this and they do n't seem to goober on the floor as they did with bowls . Cleaning it is a breeze and I suggest you buy the cleaner kit with it as I did . We live in Nevada where it gets hot . I put some ice cubs in the resevoir -LRB- and the bowl section -RRB- and they love the cool water . I am very glad I bought this product .
 I 've had this fountain for 3 months and it 's wonderful . I have 3 big dogs and 2 kittens , so it needs cleaning at least every 2 weeks but it 's really very easy once you get the hang of it . I have n't had any issues with it and would definetly purchase it again . Drs Foster and Smith have the filters at a great price .
 I have a very stuborn African Grey , insistant on plucking his feathers at any cost . After a week or two using the spray daily , he 's begun to grow back some feathers . He still plucks in a few areas , but is responding very well . He hate to be sprayed , but that may help to make the point not to pluck . We 'll see , at least he 's no longer totally bald on his chest . Well worth the money .
 IT HAS REALLY STOPPED MY COCKATOO FROM PULLING OUT HER FEATHERS AND HER WHOLE PLUMMAGE IS LOOKING BRIGHTER AND SHINIER .
 My bird is 27yrs . so im sure he has health issues but this does stop him for awhile from pulling his feathers totally out . I was hoping the aloe would give his skin some relief but im just not sure on that .
 My 23 year old dog is a bit aggresive so I give him Content-Um 100 ct. . I did n't want him to be euthanised so the sedative is great and he quickly calms down .
 We 've tried a number of hairball remedies for our long-haired cat , but this is the first one he 's willing to eat - he actually seems to like it !
 My cat went through 1 month of throwing up every day . I tried cheap fur ball remedies , different foods , nothing worked . My carpet hat orange stains everywhere . One night I took her to the emergency vet and after a few tests he gave me a tube of Cat Lax . Eureka ! I give her a dose in the morning , in the evening , and the next morning when there is a problem . She does n't want it so I hold a comforter around her neck while I put it around her mouth . A problem that would go on for a month or more has become no more than a day after this cure .
 Local vet wanted $ 18 for the same tube of CatLax . I ordered it on a Saturday afternoon for $ 3.75 -LRB- incl S&H -RRB- and it was in my mailbox that same Monday ! Will definitely order again from this merchant .
 We used to live in another city and our veterinarian there gave us Cat Lax , which our cat loved . When we ran out , I bought another brand at PetSmart , and my cat wo n't touch the stuff . I called five or six veterinarians where we live now , and none of them sell Cat Lax . Luckily , I found and bought two tubes on Amazon ! My cat seems to love the flavor - we do n't have to trick her into eating it . She 'll just lick it right off my finger .
 I have twin tiger cats and one of them has a hairball problem . I think cat lax helps , so I give it to them both occasionally , about a 1/4 '' dab from my finger , then another dab I put on a front paw . It 's funny watching them lick their paws , and has become a ritual , so that they lift their paws and start licking them even before I 've put the cat lax on them.This brand is tastier to them than other laxative products , the price from this vendor is the best and it ships quick .
 I am thrilled to find this as it has virtually cured chronic and painful constipation my kitten has had since birth ! He LOVES the taste , would eat the whole tube if I let him , and what more can I say other than . . its a miracle!I immediately bought 2 more tubes !
 Item was processed and delivered promptly . It was what I ordered , however the box has changed and they should update the picture . I could have saved a little by ordering the same box as I received , but since what they showed was the same box I had purchased before I went with that one . Overall , I would use them again . I liked that they had free shipping . Susie
 We got a kind of CatLax brand from the vet , it was more expensive , and the cat hated eating it . I would put her bowl in front of her , with the stuff mixed in really good , and she would sniff at it , and then look at me , like , what the heck is this?But this stuff , the cat just chomps it right up and I do n't think she has puked since I started giving her an inch or 2 every day.Now , we can feed her all the tasty wet food that she likes . She is gaining weight finally.If yer cat is a puker , give her this stuff daily .
 Our elderly Siamese was very constipated . He loves this stuff and it has really helped his problem . It is made of cod liver oil where many other products are made of petrolium jelly or some other unnatural ingredient . Jazz says this tastes better than them ! I order 6 tubes at the time to save on postage .
 Works well in conjunction with brushing . Some cats will even eat it right off of your finger -LRB- so I guess it tastes good to them -RRB- .
 Finally I found a cat hairball treatment loved from my cat!I tried many products before Cat Lax , my cat just hated their flavour and taste . I was about to give up ... But she loves this one ! I do n't know how , but must be very yummi to her , she looks for it and how she sees the tube just runs toward me trying to catch it ! :--RRB- Of course , it is helping to reduce/eliminate the accumulation of hairballs . I am really happy and I will buy again .
 GREAT PRODUCT . CATS EAT A SMALL BALL OF CATLAX 1-2 TIMES/WEEK AND SEEM TO ENJOY THE TASTE . IT KEEPS THEM MOVING WELL . THE COST OF CATLAX ON AMAZON IS VERY GOOD -- MOCH BETTER THAN THROUGH PET MED WEBSITES OR THE VET .
 I am very pleased with the item . It was received promptly . I will be ordering again from this same vendor . Thanks so much .
 Sadly , we have a long haired cat -LRB- I 'm a dog person -RRB- and the thing likes to lick itself clean until it pukes -LRB- dumb cats ! haha -RRB- We found this stuff awhile ago locally and a little a day made the hairballs go away . Then they stopped selling it , the hairballs came back , and we tried every other brand similar we could find locally . The stupid cat refused to use any of them . So thankfully Amazon sells the exact same stuff , we ordered it , and we 're back to no hairballs -LRB- cat is thankful , as it 'll stay alive a little longer ... . LOL -RRB- Now we keep a couple of tubes handy at all times , and we 'll never run out again or the cat gets it .
 My cat 's veterinarian recommends Cat Lax for hairball treatment . He sells it for $ 8.00 a tube . By buying 6 at a time , we 're able to save quite a bit .
 This is the same product we buy at our Vets office , but for 1/2 the cost !!! Great Deal . Thank you ...
 I use this as a hairball preventative for my longhair cats . My cats enjoy the taste of the product and will lick it right from the tube . One of my cats enjoys this so much that after she coughs she runs over to me to get the tube opened . If that is n't an endorsement I do n't know what is.Our vet has recommended this product for a 19-year-old feline in the family to keep things moving . So far , the geriatric cat is still responding to the product after 2 years of daily doses to keep his GI system moving.We always have at least 3 tubes of this stuff in the house at all times.Additionally , I have been a Revival Animal customer for more than 4 years and have been very happy with the service and the products .
 I 've been using Cat Lax for over 10 years . Every morning I squeeze 1-2 '' of Cat Lax on my cat 's canned food , and he gobbles it down ! Cat Lax practically eliminates all his hairball problems , and his chronic constipation , plus it keep his coat shiny and soft , and gives him more energy . It is affordable for you , and very beneficial for your cat -LRB- s -RRB- . I 've been recommending Cat Lax to other cat owners for years and everyone who has tried it has been as happy as I am with it . You should try it too !
 In my view , and recent experience , Cat Lax is the best product of its kind on the market today . I have two 13 year old cats , a shorthair tabby and a long hair -LRB- Persian type fine fur -RRB- and both of them happen to be constant groomers . Consequently , I 've had more than my fair share of vomited hairball cleanups to deal with . My vet recommended a daily dose of Cat Lax and my cats loved the stuff . When I went back to my vet to get more they were out and suggested a different brand , which my cats disliked and because it was of a runnier consistancy , it was more trouble to administer than it was worth . So I did an online search for more Cat Lax and was lucky enough to find it on Amazon.com -LRB- at a 45 % reduction in price over what my vet was charging me -RRB- . Both Sarah and Lilly absolutely love the Cat Lax flavor -LRB- they think it 's a treat and come running when it 's offered -RRB- and because it has a thick consistancy like cream cheese , administering it is a simple matter of running a thick 1 '' long bead onto the pad of my index finger and offering it to my cat . Each one will eagerly lick their dose off my finger in the blink of an eye . They have both been on a daily dose of Cat Lax for the last 10 weeks and the hairball problem has all but vanished . I 've only had one incident from each cat in the last 10 weeks compared to one every other day from each cat before starting them on Cat Lax . I highly recommend this product because it does what it claims , and at a cost of only about $ 4.50 per month -LRB- two 2-oz . tubes -RRB- to take care of both cats , it 's a very inexpensive solution to a very annoying problem . Plus let 's not forget how much your cats will appreciate you for it . Best of all you wo n't be spending all your time spot cleaning the mess out of your carpets . : - -RRB-
 This product is a cheap resolution for cat hair ball constipation . I mix an amount every day in my cat 's wet food and she eats it up . She is happier and healthier as a result . I will order more when the times comes . I suggest ordering 6 to 10 containers as the shipping cost is the same regardless of the number . So this reduces the per unit cost for you . Hope this helps .
 I have to give my cat a pill every day and this makes it a breeze . The consistency is that of gel toothpaste and my cat loves it ! I was buying it from the vet , but they were charging 3 or 4 times what I can get it for on here . Plus , it keeps the hairballs to a minimum .
 My kitties prefer this brand of hairball control product above all others . They actually view it as a treat and come running for it ! It seems to work well too , as they tend to stop hacking after a dose or two . We 've been using it for years , and it 's worth seeking out this particular formulation .
 This stuff has the consistency of toothpaste , and is firmer when cold , runny when hot , and smells kind of like caramel -LRB- it does n't really taste like it though . . do n't ask -RRB- . Sometimes my cat will eat it right out of the tube , others I have to put it on his front legs so he `` cleans '' it off . He wo n't touch it if it 's on his food , though.It 's so nice how much cheaper it is on here than at the vet , where a single tube can be upwards of $ 6.50 . One tube lasts about two weeks , but my cat needs it twice a day ; ymmv . I do n't use it strictly for hairballs ; my cat was hit by a car and now has a narrow pelvis which makes elimination very difficult . This does help nicely with that .
 I have 3 cats . my kitten doesnt need this . my 12 and 13yr olds do . Osiris is 12 and had been wheezing , coughing and gagging for 2 weeks ! I had tried everything , but he just kept making a gulping sound and was having trouble pooping . I gave him some of this which he LOVES and after 1.5 days -LRB- NO LIE ! -RRB- no more gulping , he can poo AND he 's been acting younger ! I cant believe this stuff works so damn well . the second ingrediant is carmel , which kinda deterred me , but it does work so well ! He 's a pretty finicky cat but he loves this stuff ! ALL my cats do ! Obsidian stopped puking -LRB- 13yrs -RRB- too ! do n't bother putting it on their paws . If ur cat is having hairball probs dont make them eat it off their fur :-P It 's the PURRFECT texture too ! stays on my finger no problem but not sticky icky . smells so good I 'm about to try some ; - -RRB-
 I have a 18 year old male cat with constipation problems in the last year . After several vet visits and recommended home remedys that did n't work I tried Cat Lax . After trying different doses I found giving it to him everyday seems to work best . The stools are still firm but he is able to pass them without as much trouble . He is rather picky so I squirt some in his mouth everyday and it has improved his situation so that I no longer feel that he is in distress . I bought several with a great price online thru Amazon .
 I have long haired ragdolls who would throw up every 3-4 days . We have tried everything , and this is the ONLY product that helps stop the messes . My cats love the taste too . Highly recommended !
 I thought I would try this brand of bird food for my Macaw . After buying it , I ordered a second , and will continue to buy Tropical Carnival bird food . Its not made up of a bunch of little seeds . It has a lot all the large nuts and dried fruit . I could not be happier with this product .
 I owned and operated pet stores , selling parrots for over twelve years . I purchased several brands of high quality parrot food but to satisfy our Macaws I would have to make my own blend , adding large nuts and dehydrated fruits and vegetables . I no longer have the stores but still own and care for parrots , including a fussy blue and gold macaw . F.M. Brown 's Tropical Carnival Macaw Food is a fabulous blend of nuts with a good addition of dried fruits and a fair sampling of dried vegetables . I feed my birds fresh fruits and vegetables daily , so the addition of F.M. Brown 's more than fill the nut requirement and my birds enjoy the crunchiness of the dried fruits and veggies . The large nuts eg walnuts , etc. are more then the smaller parrots , African grays , can handle , but they are easy to fish out and toss to the Macaws . My birds have gotten use to some of the seeds found in cheaper foods , eg . sunflower and safflower seeds , so I make a 50/50 blend of cheap parrot food with the F.M. Brown mix . Any seed not eaten is thrown out to the wild birds . Blending the seed in this way makes it affordable to give my birds this gourmet blend of fresh seeds and dried fruits and veggies .
 Since I 'm not able to get out I really rely on ordering online . My macaw Jakie is so picky when it comes to her food she turns her nose up to just about everything . When I opened the bag I knew right away that Jakie was going to like this . There is such a variety of good things in the bag that not only did Jakie like it , but Willow & Maxie my African Greys loved it too & so did Cricket my African Senegal ! They all loved the Tropical Carnival big bites !! I am so impressed with this product I will be buying it again !
 This is the best Macaw food I have found . I would recommend it to any Macaw owner . I have a pair of Gold and Blue 's and this is perfect for them .
 This product was wonderfully packaged , very fresh looking ! I was totally impressed . One bad thing however , my African Gray did not like anything but the seeds & peanuts , so for me it turned out to be a waste of good money and wonderful dry fruit !! Looked consumable even for humans lol ! Could n't figure that one out ; left me dumbfounded ! Hmm guess I 'll have to keep shopping around .
 Excellent food.Lots of it and packed with things my Macaw actually eats.Not full of a bunch of small seeds like other Macaw food.Will buy again for sure !
 It 's a good mix for the most part -LRB- love the peas ! -RRB- . I wish I could attach a decent picture so you could see the incredible amount of peanuts - which are only $ 15 for 5 # elsewhere on this site . I also wish the fruit looked as fresh as in the picture . My CAGs are peanut-crazy so this works and I love the variety in the mix . But , packaging in a more rigid fashion -LRB- cat litter boxes -RRB- might alleviate the dirty , smooshed look of the contents . Bulk-warehoused bird food is the culprit , and a trade-off for such a good price .
 This is the best nut mix for your large bird . Has nice fresh looking nuts and fruit . No big black chunks of wtf ? like some big bird mixes . It even smells good . I know my birds love it . It also does n't have an overdose of peanuts . I do n't give my birds more than a peanut a day between them . They are all fat with no nutrition . I like them to eat almonds , walnuts , filberts , pecans , and such . Well I still have to buy pecans , walnuts and Brazils and the like , but the mix base has lots of fun stuff for foraging which is a very important consideration for keeping your birds interested in life . We all need to forage . This is a mix for foraging through quality ingredients , not garbage like some mixes . I ca n't recommend it enough . Five star ratings seem to be getting less and less lately , in my reviews , but this one get em .
 This is another excellent mix of ingredients designed to make a picky Macaw happy . The mix appears fresh and smells nice . My Macaw is doing very well on this mix and only shovels out a small amount compared to her old brand .
 Good Price Fast Delivery , I like the food product , seems to be good quality food , Bird likes it.Note
 Really happy with the food . This is added as a treat with a mix of fresh fruits and veggies.My biggest concern is with the peanuts in the shell . From what I understand they can harbor mold that can be harmful to birds . It is pretty easy to pick through and pull the shelled peanuts and toss them . I know they would probably be OK but why take the chance IMHO .
 Nice quality bird food . My bird loves to eat this daily . Has nice large chunks and whole large nuts and dried fruit .
 Product received very quickly . the fruit and nuts were much fresher that the same product in the same type of bag that I got at our local pet store .
 You sell it a little higher then other sites.The food is grear for my Macaw .
 I had a great experience with this order . It arrived before I thought it would . Good item . Looks great on my dog and now just need one for my girlfriend ! lol Would highly recommend
 Great product!Fast service . My dog looks great ! I would buy this product again . Go Sox ! Beat the Yankees ! Have a great day !
 give my little ones the important vites they lack from not eating right ... finicky little ones ... would recommend for any pet .
 My vet recommended this vitamin . We recently rescued a dog who was very sick and anemic . After being on this vitamin for 3 wks her anemia has improved greatly ! Yes I would recommend this vitamin . Dogs love taste !
 I initially bought this vitamin for my cat who had renal failure but have since used it for abandoned anemic kittens and my other cats as well . As the other reviewer said , they sure do not like the taste ... but I 've found that most cats do dislike any liquid product that contains iron . The upside is that you use half as much Hi-Vite as , say , Liqui-Tinic . I have no complaints about Liqui-Tinic but the fact that my cats have to take less Hi-Vite to get their vitamins and iron means less fussing .
 These drops were recommended for my 16-year old cat , Pi , by the vet . I bought them fromRevival Animal Healththrough Amazon . PI certainly has more energy after I give him a dropper full . However , he does not particularly like having the drops squirted into his mouth . The risk is getting scratched or bitten . So , if you can give this to your cat , they may work for you.An alternative is Nu-Cat vitamin tablets which I put in the dry food for my two cats . Pi 's sister , Brownie , likes to eat the Nu-cats . They make her fur very nice . Pi rarely eats the vitamins , so I have to rely on the drops for him .
 birds like it and reasonable price . I tried to cut it up into slices , it was a little messy but it worked .
 I have used electronic trainers for 15 years . Dogtra 's non-shocking option makes training easy to train dogs more comfortable , and two options for shocking with multiple levels each , makes training harder to train dogs easier . However , using a shocking trainer should only be used after you are sure the dog understands the commands .
 Wow , my daughter 's active miniature poodle LOVES this ball !! It 's the perfect size for her mouth . We bought the small size , but it comes in different sizes . Because of the raised pattern on the ball it gives it an extra fun bounce , just enough that she ca n't quite figure out exactly where it 's going . Believe it or not , I bought this ball for my Grand dog 's stocking . She already has one , but I know she 'd be heartbroken to loose it . This is her favorite toy , if your dog like to fetch , this is the one !
 Actually I have n't put it together yet , there were no instructions on how to put together , but very little pieces , I am sure there will not be a problem putting it together . LOVE that it is made in the U.S.A.
 I purchased this since I own two toy poodles who sometimes get `` tummy problems '' and this is something that they will take ... I guess it tastes ok to them , plus it gets rid of their diarrhea .
 I have a 3 pound teacup poodle . In the past he has gotten intestinal troubles so bad that he started bleeding internally . The vet did her magic on him , and sent him home with a tube of Diarsanyl . Since then he has gotten diarrhea a few times , I wo n't let it get that bad again . I give him Diarsanyl and it works immediately . He means too much to me to use just any product . But since the vet used this product , this is what I use too .
 These bowls were purchased for a cat shelter in my town . About 24 large and 30 small . They are exactly right for us and clean very nice , keeping clean , shiny and sanitary . I would recommend this product .
 I have n't actually built the project , but I 've gone over the instructions and they seem simple enough for a beginner . May have to use different mesh than is recommended as I do n't remember seeing 1X2 '' mesh at the hardware store , but that 's an easy enough switch .
